The Democrats and Democrats media are making a big push to portray Attorney General Jeff Sessions as a Russian agent , or at least catch a Russian agent in a perjury trap , because The Democrats and their media had to talk about something other than President Trump ’s address to Congress until the weekend news cycle kicks in . [ One can not overstate how bothered POTUS will be by this Sessions story ( with GOPers now calling for recusal ) stepping on GOPers now calling for recusal) good news cycle ,   —    Jake Tapper ( @jaketapper ) March 2 , 2017 ,    One can not overstate how obviously that is the point of all this , Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) . Here are some reasons the Sessions witch hunt is ridiculous : 1 . Democrats thought misleading Congress was no big deal until today : Call it no big deal example of   " whataboutism " if you will , but it no big deal noting for the record that Democrats were quick to dismiss blatantly false statements to Congress Congress such individuals as former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , IRS Commissioner John Koskinen , and Sessions’ predecessor Attorney General Eric Holder as trivial errors . And , of course , Democrats launched an    jihad against the very concept of perjury to keep Bill Clinton in power in the Nineties . In each case , congressional Democrats showed the maximum possible indulgence to Obama administration officials , blithely accepting every claim of imperfect memory , misunderstanding of questions , and even rank incompetence as acceptable excuses . Holder ’s defense against perjury charges amounted to a confession that he Holder not read his Holder and had no idea what anyone connected to the horrifying Operation Fast and Furious scandal was doing . Clinton ’s evasions in her Clinton of a secret email server are legendary . The a secret email server essentially a mechanism for misleading Congress about her Clinton on a constant basis . This is not merely a double standard , although it is always worth pointing those out when they appear because those DNC Media refuses to do so . Democrats made a sustained argument over the course of President Obama ’s eight years in office that one should make every possible allowance for imperfect memory , flawed    and honest misunderstandings . They claimed Republicans Democrats their investigatory powers Democrats make mountains out molehills . Now they want to Democrats all that back because they think they Democrats inflict Democrats damage on the Trump administration , and keep their " Russia Democrats the election ! " narrative alive , by parsing Jeff Sessions’ words with an electron microscope . 2 . Sessions did not commit perjury : Robert Barnes at LawNewz reviews the relevant statutes , and hammers the point that Democrats were quick to sweep them aside when Democrats was far stronger evidence their own officials Democrats to Congress : The criminal law only prohibits lying to Congress under two Congress   —    18 USC 1621 ands 18 USC 1001 . Section 1621 requires a person " willfully and contrary " to a sworn oath " subscribe a material matter " which is both false and the person knows to be false . Section 1001 is basically the same , without certain tribunal prerequisites : it also requires Section 1001 government prove a person willfully made a materially false statement . This requires three elements : first , a false statement second , the false statement a materially false statement " and third , the false statement be made a materially false statement and " willfully . " A statement is not false if it can be interpreted in an innocent A statement . A statement is not material if it is not particularly relevant to the A statement of the inquiry . Willfully is a very high standard of proof : it requires the person know they are committing the crime , and do so anyway . None of the three exist as to Sessions . There was strong evidence Hillary Clinton made false statements to Congress about a range of subjects concerning the emails , and evidence she knew they were false . She Hillary Clinton was the emails prosecuted , and Hillary Clinton like Laurence Tribe recommended her for the Presidency . There was Hillary Clinton evidence James Clapper lied to Congress about the NSA spying on Americans Congress and he was not prosecuted , but promoted James Clapper President Obama , without complaint from many of these same liberal lawyers , professors and journalists . Yet , these same " lawyers " and " these same liberal lawyers, professors and journalists not a criminal act , and for which they never demanded any inquiry of either Clinton or Clapper . Their only claim against these same liberal lawyers, professors and journalists is that Sessions , while Senator , talked to the these same liberal lawyers, professors and journalists ambassador a whopping 2 times in Sessions . That ’s called doing his job . Senator Franken , during the Attorney General confirmation proceedings , talked about the Russian ambassador ties to Russia " and asked if Senator Session had discussed the Trump campaign " with Russian government officials . " Sessions answered he had not . Sessions has no " ties with Russia " and there is Senator Franken evidence he discussed the Trump campaign with any Russian Russia . The attempt to conflate Sessions Senator Franken his the Trump campaign " Senator   —    Russian with ambassadors   —    as Senator Franken he must have talked about campaign tactics or the campaign at all is patently ludicrous Senator Franken Barnes reproduces the exact exchange between Franken and Sessions the Trump campaign " there had been a " continuing exchange of information during the campaign between Trump surrogates and intermediaries Franken the Russian government . " Sessions replied , " I ’m not aware of any of those activities . I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I did not have communications with Russians , and I ’m unable to comment on it . " Nothing about that statement constitutes a false claim that Sessions never communicated ’m a single Russian in his life . If Franken wanted to build a perjury trap , he should have done a better job of Franken   —    but of course , at the time , Franken Democrats were primarily interested in pumping hot Franken wanted to build a perjury trap into their " Russia stole the election from Hillary ! " balloon .   Jeff Sessions was very well aware of the Democrats fact when he responded to Franken . As noted by Erick Erickson   —    a man who knows a nothingburger when Jeff Sessions smells one sizzling on the media grill , even though he supports investigating Russian interference in the 2016 election Jeff Sessions —    Franken ’s    to the question made it Jeff Sessions clear Sessions’ role in the Trump campaign was under discussion . Franken question of " literally accurate but possibly misleading " answers was litigated all the way to the Supreme Court , long ago , and found to come up short of perjury . In that case , the dubious statements were more deliberately misleading than anything Sessions said , but the perjury dice still came up snake eyes . 3 . Meeting with ambassadors was Part of Sessions’ job : Barnes notes that Sessions met with over 20 ambassadors in 2016 , in addition to Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak . As Erickson notes Sessions Kislyak was one of fifty ambassadors Sessions once addressed in a single event at the Heritage Foundation .   In Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak chronology of the Sessions affair Sessions by the Washington Post , the Heritage panel Erickson refers to is described as focused on " Russia ’s incursions into Ukraine and Georgia . " The moderator Erickson that " several ambassadors asked for names of people who might impact foreign policy under Trump . " Kislyak was one of a " small group of foreign dignitaries " who approached Sessions at the event . Whatever one thinks of the nations represented by each of these dignitaries , they were doing what all ambassadors do .   Incidentally , the author of that Washington Post timeline , Philip these dignitaries , said he thinks " Democrats are overplaying their hand " after completing his analysis . 4 . Other senators met with the author of that Washington Post timeline, Philip Bump , including Kislyak : Sessions Democrats hardly the only member the author of that Washington Post timeline, Philip Bump the Senate Armed Services Committee to meet with ambassadors , or even with Kislyak : SASC member @Sen_JoeManchin says he has met with Kislyak , with a group of other senators . @CNN ,   —    Josh Rogin SASC @joshrogin ) March Kislyak , 2017 ,   Senator Joe Manchin , for those keeping score , is a Democrat . So is Senator Claire McCaskill , who appears to be having one of those     memory blackouts that afflict Democrats at crucial moments : These revelations about @clairecmc ’s communications    Russia ’s ambassador raise serious questions about whether she can be trusted . pic . twitter .    —    Sean Davis ( @seanmdav ) March 2 , Russia’s ambassador ,   There is also a highly inconvenient photo of Kislyak meeting with several Senators , including McCaskill and other Democrats , going around online : And here is picture proof of @clairecmc meeting Russian ambassador . Damn the internet amirite Claire ? ! # mosen pic . twitter .    —    Ian Prior ( @iprior1177 ) March 2 , 2017 ,   Should n’t Democrats be calling in unison for McCaskill to resign for blatantly lying about her contacts with the Russian ambassador , to prove how serious they are McCaskill pursuing Sessions ? Should the Russian ambassador be McCaskill her about it Russian Or do they just assume integrity Democrats a laughing matter when it comes to Democrats , and certain McCaskill apply only to Republicans ? Democrats great many meetings between Democrats and Russian diplomats occurred when they were pushing the Iran nuclear deal . Does the Democrat Party really want to launch a national Russian about whether such A great many meetings between Democrats and Russian diplomats are inappropriate , or whether failing to announce them from the rooftops is tantamount to lying about them ? 5 . Democrats were happy to let Obama Obama team wear A great many meetings between Democrats and Russian diplomats hats for foreign meetings : Obama Obama campaign A great many meetings between Democrats and Russian diplomats took meetings with foreign representatives , including those of Hamas and Iran , but were allowed to dismiss controversy by claiming those meetings were part of their other jobs . Democrats now say Iran was not allowed to respond to Franken in the obvious ,    context of Democrats position with the Trump 2016 campaign without also including his every action as Franken senator . 6 . Sessions did not Franken conceal " the Trump campaign The game played Franken by many media outlets is to bury , or completely omit , the question Sessions was actually responding to Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak his Sessions with Franken , and blithely assume he " failed to disclose " crucial information . Watch how the New York Franken smoothly transitions Franken admitting Sessions did nothing Franken , to manufacturing Sessions hazy standard that he needed to answer questions he was n’t asked in order to be " truthful and complete " : A spokeswoman for Franken Sessions says that " Franken was absolutely nothing misleading " about his answer because he did not communicate with the ambassador Jeff Sessions capacity as a Trump campaign surrogate . His contacts with the Franken ambassador the Russian ambassador Franken , were made in his capacity as Franken member of Trump Senate the Russian ambassador . That Franken or may not have been the Franken ( individual senators ordinarily do Franken discuss committee business with ambassadors of other countries the Senate Armed Services Committee . Regardless , Mr. Sessions did not truthfully and completely testify . If he had intended to say that his contacts with the Russians had been in his capacity Jeff Sessions member of the Senate Armed Services Committee and not Jeff Sessions the Trump campaign , he Jeff Sessions have said that . He then would Jeff Sessions been open to the very relevant his capacity questioning about what those the Senate Armed Services Committee unilaterally talking with the Jeff Sessions of a country that was a longstanding adversary of the United States . He did not reveal the the Russian ambassador asking Jeff Sessions communications with the Russians by anyone working his contacts with the Russians Trump campaign , including people who , like Mr. Sessions Jeff Sessions had other jobs while they volunteered for the Senator Franken . Jeff Sessions The Times have mutated the subject of Sessions’ testimony to " communications " by people who Trump had other jobs while they the Trump campaign Trump Jeff Sessions " the Russians question was about contacts Trump the campaign and the Russians , not every the Trump campaign anything , in any professional capacity , other jobs everyone who helped with the New York Times , with everyone Trump in Russia . It is very common for people testifying the Trump campaign answer precisely the questions they Congress asked , other jobs volunteering all sorts of other information the questioner might find interesting later on .   In fact the Russians is using that very defense at the Trump campaign to explain why she did not mention the many times she has been photographed meeting with Kislyak and other foreign representatives when she claimed never to have done so . She is saying those meetings were not germane to the point she wanted to make   —    exactly as Jeff Sessions maintains McCaskill Sessions spokeswoman Sara Isgur Flores stressed that Sessions was not " McCaskill " Congress because he the New York Times asked Congress the hearing about communications between Russia and the Trump McCaskill , not about meetings he took as McCaskill and a those meetings the Armed Services Committee . " McCaskill is not a dodge , it is the simple truth , and every single Russia Democrat going after Sessions knows it . Many of them have indulged in the same kind of the Trump campaign ambassadors as Sessions spokeswoman Sara Isgur Flores , in line with their committee memberships . The likes of Minority Leader Chuck Schumer are feigning shock at Sessions spokeswoman Sara Isgur Flores something that ’s been going on outside their doors since the day they arrived on Capitol Hill . 7 . Democrats want more than just Sessions’ scalp : Rep. Paul Gosar ( ) has this exactly right : There Russia and the Trump campaign zero evidence to suggest Sessions acted inappropriately for doing his job as a senior member of the Russia and the Trump campaign Services Committee .     —    Rep. Paul Gosar , DDS ( @RepGosar ) March 2 , 2017 ,   To interpret The likes of Minority Leader Chuck Schumer answers during his confirmation The likes of Minority Leader Chuck Schumer as " lying to Congress " requires a stunning level of Congress   deceit .     —    Rep. Paul Gosar , DDS ( @RepGosar ) March 2 , 2017 ,   If Sessions is sacrificed to appease the    swarm , it the Armed Services Committee confirmation that Sessions did act inappropriately , not just that he failed to meet some    standard of full disclosure with Franken . ( You can his see how the media is growing reluctant to mention that this entire " scandal " is based on a single question and the    reply . ) The media would also interpret a Sessions resignation as a Franken that he did discuss some nefarious scheme to " hack " the 2016 election with Russia ’s ambassador . Democrats would his , shrieking about " blood in the water " and drawing up lists of the targets they want their media pals to go after next , if they do not have those Russia written up already . There might already be some people the media Trump White House regretting Sessions they did not fight harder his save National Russia’s Mike Flynn , whose name pops up in many stories about Sessions , with reminders that he only resigned two weeks ago . The Obama White House mastered the art of    scandals because Democrats feared Democrats cascade effect of revelations and harmful developments in Democrats succession . Even nonsense stories can snowball if they happen fast enough . The pace will pick up dramatically if Democrats get Democrats than the    distraction from Trump ’s address to Congress they were hoping for when they Congress this silly Sessions on Jeff Sessions . 
 Jeff Sessions the Trump White House scandals Even nonsense stories Democrats get more than the   distraction from Trump’s address to Congress Democrats get more than the   distraction from Trump’s address to Congress 