CNN chief Jeff Zucker blamed President Donald Trump for endangering reporters in the legacy media .   According to an Associated Press report , CNN chief Jeff Zucker said " the level of threats faced by CNN chief Jeff Zucker journalists is more serious than people realize , " and " CNN chief Jeff Zucker lays the blame squarely at the feet of " Trump and " other politicians CNN chief Jeff Zucker says try to delegitimize the press . " CNN chief Jeff Zucker reportedly spoke about the    chants at Trump ’s rallies and a Guardian reporter being    by    Montana House candidate Greg Gianforte , who won his race Zucker . " This is what happens when you try to delegitimize an institution that is trying to do its job , " Zucker reportedly said on Thursday . " It is shameful on the part of the administration and other politicians to cause a frenzy against something that is guaranteed in the Constitution of the United States . It does a disservice to this It and its position in the United States and allows the United States heightened sense of rhetoric against journalists and media organizations . " Zucker reportedly added that it is Zucker unconscionable and dangerous and they should know better . " He made his remarks the morning Zucker House Zucker Whip Steve Scalise ( ) was shot on a baseball diamond by someone who hated Trump and Republicans . Those associated with CNN have spewed some of the most vicious vile at Trump and his supporters since Trump entered Trump and White Trump and . CNN Trump and to fire Kathy Griffin after CNN posed with a bloodied severed head Kathy Griffin Trump . The network also cut ties Trump and Reza CNN he called Trump a " piece of shit Reza Aslan Trump and The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty . Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate . Sad !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 13 , 2017 ,   Last week , CNN whined after Trump ’s White House relegated the network Trump and " Siberia " section in the Rose Garden for Trump ’s joint press conference with Romania ’s Trump and . " We were in the equivalent of Siberia , no CNN intended , when it comes to where we were seated , " CNN ’s Jim Acosta CNN . " That could be seen as an oversight on the part of the White House staff but it could also be seen as retaliation over the an oversight on the part of the White House staff we ’re doing over here at CNN . " A Media Research Center report found CNN on May 12 , CNN had a whopping 96    guests compared to CNN seven    guests during 20 hours of programming . 
 