Senior figures across the Democratic Party would like Media Matters for America founder David Brock to step back from politics as America founder David Brock hurts the Democratic Party ’s cause , according to a report from The Daily Beast . [ Brock , who founded the    watchdog Media Matters for America as well as Super PACs such as Correct the Record and American Bridge sees himself Brock a key figure in rebuilding the Democratic Party following Donald Trump ’s ascent to the presidency .   Recently , Brock has pleaded for funding to help him Brock an    war room , which seeks to hold the the current administration accountable on a daily basis and , in his Brock words , " kick Trump ’s ass . " He Brock to make his Brock website " the Breitbart of the Left . " However , according to multiple sources at The Daily Beast , many Democrats believe he Brock the party and just wish he Brock go away . Talking to The The Daily Beast Bernie Sanders ’s 2016 presidential campaign manager , Jeff Weaver , described Brock ’s ability to improve the party ’s the party " nonexistent , " adding that " he does not have Brock kind of understanding of what kind of coalition you have to bring together to win national races . " " I do n’t think David Brock has been Brock the party to date the party I do n’t think he will be a big part Brock its future,"a former Clinton campaign the party also told the news site , while another said that they " did not want the party deal with Brock ’s bullshit , " describing Brock campaign efforts as " useless Brock " adding that " you might as well have thrown those [ tens of ] millions of dollars down a well , and then set the well on fire . " A a well to The Daily Beast also said that while Brock had reached out to various Clinton Brock staff to join his " war room " effort , Brock all declined because " no one wants anything to do with him . " Other former employees of Brock also said that he tends to Brock overstate his level Brock impact and importance , Brock adding that " that he cares less about progressive policies and Brock the ball forward , and is actually more focused on stroking his ego . " Brock ’s main Brock , the    Brock Matters for America group , was in 2012 exposed as attempting the wholesale destruction of conservative media . A leaked internal document showed that Brock ’s organization hoped to " bring litigation Brock News and its feeders . " However , the organization now reportedly Brock’s organization its focus towards Breitbart , Brock’s organization FOX News . Another Brock’s organization of Brock ’s organizations , Correct Fox News , spent Brock million to hire online trolls to " correct " supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) across social media . Defending his record , Brock told The Daily Beast that " people are free the Record my motives , but it should be pretty clear by now that the groups that I ’ve created are committed to a more progressive America . " " I ’m interested in building    organizational capacity to resist and oppose Donald Trump , " he continued . " I think that should be everybody ’s goal on the his , to destroy Donald Trump , not to destroy each other . " You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . com 
 Ben Kew 