Defense Secretary James Mattis on Wednesday issued an ultimatum to NATO while meeting with member nations for the first time in Brussels : Pay more , or the U. S. will " moderate the U. S. commitment " to the organization . [ " I owe it to you all to give you clarity on the political reality in the United States , and to state the fair demand from my country ’s people in concrete terms , " he said during a    meeting , according to remarks provided to reporters traveling with he . " the United States will meet the United States responsibilities , but if your nations do not want to see the United States moderate the United States commitment to the alliance , each of your capitals needs to show the United States support for the United States common defense . "   During his presidential campaign , President Donald Trump had repeatedly called on NATO members to pay more for NATO members    in Europe . Only five of 28 member nations had met a requirement to spend at least two percent of Only five of 28 member nations GDP on defense : the United States , the United Kingdom , Estonia , Poland , and Greece . NATO members France and Germany currently spend 1 . 78 percent and 1 . 19 percent respectively , according to the NATO figures . According to the Washington Post , Mattis recalled that when Mattis was NATO ’s supreme allied commander of transformation from November 2007 to September 2009 ,    Secretary Robert Gates warned NATO nations that America " would lose NATO nations patience for carrying a disproportionate burden " of the defense of allies . Mattis said that impatience is now a " governmental reality . " " No longer can the American taxpayer carry a disproportionate share of the defense of Western values , " Mattis added . " Americans can not care more for your children ’s security than you do . Disregard for military readiness demonstrates a lack of respect for ourselves , for the alliance and for the freedoms we inherited , which are now clearly threatened . " The meeting comes ahead of a visit to NATO by Vice President Michael Pence on Monday . Before The meeting , Mattis called NATO a NATO fundamental bedrock . " " the alliance remains a fundamental bedrock for the United States and for all the    community , " he said . Mattis his confirmation hearing Mattis Mattis called the Mattis most successful military alliance , probably in modern history , maybe ever . " His first calls to foreign Mattis included NATO members , as well NATO NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg NATO But he also said in responses Mattis to the Senate Armed Services Committee in advance of the hearing , " member his confirmation hearing share the burden of common defense , and meet or exceed the commitment to reach the two percent defense spending goal that their leaders set at the NATO member states in 2014 . " 
 