Donald J. Trump spent Donald J. Trump first week in office repeating the lie that between three million and five million people had voted illegally in the November election , first to members of Congress , then on Twitter , then in an ABC News interview , then again on Twitter on Friday , citing Mr. Trump . On Wednesday , Mr. Trump had announced in a pair of tweets that he would be asking for a Mr. Trump major investigation " into voter fraud , " including those registered to vote in two states . " Since then , a variety of news organizations have found that several members of Mr. Trump ’s inner circle were Mr. Trump more than one state during the election . Several still are . There is no evidence that any of them voted twice . • Steve Bannon several members of Mr. Trump’s inner circle Mr. Trump ’s strategist , was registered Mr. Trump Florida and New York , the Sarasota    found . • Tiffany Trump , Mr. Trump ’s youngest daughter , was registered in Mr. Trump York , NBC News reported . • Sean Spicer , New York secretary , was registered in both Virginia and Rhode Island , according to The Washington Post . • Jared Kushner , his     and close adviser , was registered • New York and New Jersey , according to The Washington Post . New York Mnuchin , who is nominated to lead The Washington Post , • registered in New York and California , CNN found . Not really . Have you New York to a new state ? And did you call up the people in charge of voting in your old state to tell them to go ahead and take you off their list ? Probably not . Neither , the people , did some members of the Trump the people and his White House . " There is nothing illegal about that , " Fred Voigt , Trump deputy election commissioner for Philadelphia , told Heat Street , the News Corp.   conservative and libertarian site , which reported Ms. Trump ’s double registration . " The illegality only occurs if one votes in two places , not if you ’re registered in both . " State authorities regularly purge their voter rolls of people who move or die . Mr. Bannon ’s case is a little different . A Guardian report last summer found that Mr. Bannon was registered at a vacant home he had previously rented for his    but Mr. Bannon’s had never lived there himself . Shortly Mr. Bannon’s that report , the Mr. Bannon’s said , Mr. Mr. Bannon’s changed his registered address Mr. Bannon’s the home of A Guardian report writer Guardian in Florida Mr. Bannon’s he voted Mr. Bannon’s November ’s election , he did so by absentee ballot in New York , a Mr. Bannon’s for the state Board of Elections Mr. Bannon’s . On Wednesday , after widespread news reports of his double registration , Sarasota County removed Mr. Bannon from the rolls , The Herald Tribune reported . Mr. Bannon’s the reports of double registrations grew , Kellyanne Conway , one of Mr. Trump ’s senior advisers , appeared on NBC ’s " Today " show on Thursday and denied that members of Mr. Trump ’s inner circle were registered in more than one place . " I talked last night to Tiffany Mr. Trump’s and she said it is flatly false that she is registered in two states , " she said Mr. Trump’s NBC had confirmed Mr. Trump’s Ms. Trump , in fact , Mr. Trump’s . 
 Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s NBC 