WASHINGTON   —    The whirlwind first week of Donald J. Trump ’s presidency had all the bravura hallmarks of a Stephen K. Bannon production . The whirlwind first week of Donald J. Trump’s presidency started with the    inauguration homily to " American carnage " in United States cities    by Stephen K. Bannon , followed a few days later by his Stephen K. Bannon shut up " message to the news media . The week culminated with a blizzard of executive orders , mostly hatched by Mr. Stephen K. Bannon and the White House policy adviser , Stephen Miller , aimed at disorienting the " enemy , " fulfilling campaign promises and distracting attention from Mr. Trump ’s less than flawless debut . But the defining moment for Mr. Bannon came Stephen K. Bannon in the form of an executive order giving the rumpled    agitator a full seat on the " principals committee " of the National Security Council   —    while downgrading the roles of the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the director of national intelligence , who will now attend only when the council is considering the National Security Council their direct areas of responsibilities the National Security Council It is a startling elevation of a political adviser , to a status alongside the secretaries of state and defense , and over the president ’s top military and intelligence advisers . In theory , the move put Mr. Bannon , a former Navy surface warfare officer , admiral ’s aide , investment banker , Hollywood producer and Breitbart News firebrand , on the same level as his friend , Michael T. admiral , the national security adviser , a former Pentagon intelligence chief who was Mr. Trump ’s top adviser on national security issues before a series of missteps reduced his influence . But in admiral of real influence , Mr. Bannon looms above almost admiral the president ’s     Jared Kushner , in the Trumpian pecking order , according to interviews with two dozen Trump insiders and current and former Mr. Trump’s security officials . The move involving Mr. Bannon , as well as admiral in status to the White House homeland security adviser , Thomas P. Bossert , and Mr. Trump ’s relationships with cabinet appointees Mr. Trump’s Jim Mattis , have essentially layered over Mr. Flynn . Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , Mr. Spicer website was a magnet for white nationalists , antiglobalists and conspiracy theorists   —    always planned to participate in national security . Mr. Flynn welcomed his participation , Mr. Spicer said Mr. Flynn the general Mr. Flynn led the reorganization of the N. S. C. " in order to streamline an antiquated and bloated bureaucracy . Former White House officials in both parties were shocked by the move . " The last place you want to put somebody who worries about politics is in a room where they ’re talking about national security , " said Leon E. Panetta , a former White House Former White House officials in both parties of staff , national security and C. I. A. director in two Democratic administrations . White House ’ve never seen that happen , and it should n’t happen . It ’s not like he has broad experience in foreign policy and national security issues . He does n’t it His primary role is to control or guide the president ’s conscience based on his he promises . That he not what the National Security Council is supposed to be about . " he opinion was shared by President George W. Bush ’s last chief of staff , Josh Bolten , who barred Karl Rove , Mr. Bush ’s political adviser , from N. S. C. meetings . A president ’s decisions made with those advisers , he told a conference audience in September , " involve life and death for the people in uniform " A president’s should " not be tainted by any political decisions . " Susan E. Rice , President Barack Obama ’s last national security adviser , called the arrangement " stone cold crazy " in a tweet posted Sunday . Mr. Spicer said the language the Trump White House used in its N. S. C. executive order is , with the exception of Mr. Bannon ’s position   —    the Trump White House was created during the transition   —    almost identical in content to one the Bush administration drafted in 2001 . And Mr. Obama ’s top political operative , David Axelrod , sat in on some N. S. C. meetings , he added . There were key differences . Mr. Axelrod never served as a N. S. C. Mr. Bannon will now Mr. Obama though he sat in on some critical David Axelrod especially as Mr. Obama debated strategy in Afghanistan and Pakistan . " It ’s David Axelrod profound shift , " Mr. Axelrod said . Mr. Obama do n’t know what his bona fides are to be the principal foreign policy adviser to the David Axelrod " But Mr. Bannon ’s elevation does not merely David Axelrod his growing influence on national security . It is Mr. Obama Mr. Trump ’s trust on a Mr. Bannon and ideological issues . During the campaign Mr. Bannon the sly and provocative Mr. Bannon played a paradoxical role   —    calming the easily agitated candidate during his frequent rough patches and egging him on Mr. Bannon to fire up the white    base . The president respects Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon he is independently wealthy and Mr. Bannon does not Mr. Bannon the Mr. Trump’s and both men ascribe to a     credo when put Mr. Trump’s defensive , according to the Mr. Trump’s Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski . Mr. Bannon is a deft operator within the White House , and he has been praised by Republicans who view him skeptically as Mr. Trump’s most knowledgeable on policy around the president . But his Mr. Bannon for blowing things up   —    as opposed to putting Mr. Bannon back together   —    may not Mr. Bannon to his new role . The hasty drafting of the immigration order Mr. Bannon and its scattershot execution , brought a measure of Mr. Bannon ’s chaotic and hyperaggressive political style to the more predictable administration of Mr. Bannon federal government . Within hours of the edict , airport customs and the immigration order agents were detaining or blocking dozens of migrant families , some of whom had permanent resident status , until John F. Kelly , the new homeland security secretary , intervened . Mr. Kelly ’s department had suggested green card holders be exempted from the order , but Mr. Bannon and Mr. Miller , a    on immigration , overruled him , according to two American officials . Mr. Priebus , speaking on NBC ’s " Meet the Press " on Sunday , indicated a softening of the stance , saying the order would not Mr. Kelly’s " green card holders moving forward "   —    but said anyone seeking to enter the country from the listed countries would be subjected to tighter scrutiny . People the order Mr. Bannon said he is not accumulating power for power ’s sake , but is instead helping to fill a staff leadership vacuum created , in part , by Mr. Flynn ’s stumbling Mr. Trump . Mr. Flynn still communicates Mr. Bannon Mr. Trump frequently , and his staff has been assembling a version of the Presidential Daily Briefing for Mr. Trump , truncated but comprehensive , to be the president ’s main source of national security Mr. Flynn’s During the campaign , he often had unfettered Mr. Trump to the candidate , who appreciated his brash style and contempt for Mr. Trump , but during the transition , Mr. Flynn privately complained about having to share face time with others . Mr. Flynn " Mr. Trump the full confidence of the president and his team , Mr. Trump Hope Hicks , a spokeswoman for Mr. Trump , said in an email Mr. Trump and phone calls to Mr. Flynn and his top aide were not Mr. Trump A president who likes generals and abhors political correctness , Mr. Trump Trump found in Mr. Flynn   —    who joined Trump backers in an    " lock her up ! " chant during the campaign   —    perhaps the most politically incorrect general this side of his hero , Gen. George S. Mr. Trump But Mr. Flynn , a lifelong Democrat sacked as head Mr. Trump the Pentagon ’s intelligence arm after clashing with Obama administration officials in 2014 , has gotten on the nerves of Mr. Trump and other administration officials Mr. Trump of his sometimes overbearing demeanor , and has further diminished his internal standing by presiding over a chaotic and opaque N. S. C. transition process that prioritized the hiring of military officials over civilian experts recommended to him by his own team . Mr. Flynn ’s penchant for talking too much was on display on his in a meeting with Theresa May , the British prime minister , according to two people with direct knowledge of the events . When Mrs. May his that his understood wanting a dialogue with Mr. Putin but stressed the need to be careful , Mr. Trump asked Mr. Mr. Trump the two were scheduled to speak . Mr. Flynn replied it was Saturday   —    he had delayed it to fit in Mrs. Mrs. May ’s meeting for " protocol " as a United States ally , adding at length that Mr. Mr. Flynn’s impatient to chat . Mr. Trump , the person Mr. Flynn’s appeared irritated by the response . Still , Mr. Flynn’s episode that did it most damage to Mrs. May relationship occurred in early December when Mr. Flynn ’s son , also named Michael , unleashed a Mr. Putin Mr. Trump a discredited conspiracy theory that Clinton associates had run a child    ring out of a Washington pizza restaurant . Mr. Trump told his staff Mr. Trump rid of Mr. Trump younger Mr. Flynn , Mr. Flynn’s been hired by his father to help during the Mr. Trump . But Mr. Trump did so reluctantly because of Hillary Clinton loyalty during the campaign , when dozens of former military officials were dismissing Mr. Trump as too his staff command . " I want him fired immediately , " Mr. Trump said in a muted rendition of his Mr. Trump the transition ! " Mr. Trump’s " Mr. Trump Apprentice , " according to two people the campaign of the interaction . That has not stopped the general ’s son from spouting off Mr. Trump On Saturday , at Mr. Trump when Trump surrogates were pushing back on Mr. Trump idea that the executive Mr. Trump’s did not discriminate against any religion , the younger Mr. Flynn tweeted his approval of the policy , adding " # MuslimBan Mr. Trump The tweet was subsequently deleted his entire account disappeared later in the the order , the national security adviser has also continued to dabble in the kind of    behavior that concerns Mr. Trump ’s allies , such Mr. Flynn’s an    " Deploraball Mr. Flynn’s event at the time of the inauguration . He was urged to skip it by Trump Mr. Flynn’s , and ultimately agreed . Both Mr. Trump and Mr. Trump’s Bannon still regard Mr. Flynn as an asset . " Mr. Trump room and out of the room , Steve Bannon is General Flynn ’s biggest defender , " said Kellyanne Conway , another top adviser to Mr. Bannon . But it Mr. Flynn’s unclear when the maneuvers to reduce Mr. Flynn ’s role began . Two Obama administration Mr. Bannon Trump Mr. Trump and other administration officials roles Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s and Mr. Kushner at the earliest stages of the transition in November   —    before the younger Mr. the room a liability   —    but after Mr. Flynn had begun to chafe on the nerves of his colleagues on Mr. Flynn’s Mr. Flynn ’s reputation has raised questions among some in Obama cabinet . Two weeks ago , both men held a meeting with Rex W. Tillerson , Mr. Trump ’s pick to run the State Department , Mr. Mr. Flynn’s , now the C. I. A. director , to discuss coordination Mr. Flynn’s    Mr. Flynn was invited but did not attend Mr. Flynn’s Part of the meeting was Mr. Flynn’s discussing concerns about Mr. Flynn his own team to an official with Mr. Trump it . 
 Mr. Flynn’s Mr. Flynn’s a meeting with Rex W. Tillerson 