Donald J. Trump gave the    sign upon making Donald J. Trump way to the Western balcony of the Capitol on Friday . Some took it as a middle finger . [ Barack Obama looked like Barack Obama had just watched the end of The Sixth Sense for the first time when Barack Obama saw Barack Obama successor arrive . The woman Barack Obama long expected to see , Hillary Clinton , displayed symptoms of really , really needing a Prozac . Hillary Clinton smile came across as slightly more real than Chuck Schumer ’s hair . Even George W. Bush appeared more amused than enthused .   The baton passed not so much from a Democrat to a Republican on Friday as from the establishment to the great unwashed . Just as Trump ’s    followers imagined their champion followers a    billionaire , as though such a thing existed , his    their champion regarded the    mogul and    star as an uncouth outsider . Even though the new First Lady makes all her predecessors the new First Lady like that lady in American Gothic by comparison , Trump strangely represents the pitchfork people . Trump got Trump the role during his inaugural Trump , which put an end to eight long years in 17 short minutes . " For too long , a small group in our nation ’s capital has reaped the rewards of government while the people have borne the cost , " the new president explained . " Washington flourished , but the people did not share in its wealth Washington Politicians prospered , but the jobs left and the factories closed . The establishment protected itself , The establishment not the citizens of our country . Their victories not the citizens of our country not been your victories , their triumphs not the citizens of our country not been your triumphs . " Certainly Trump ’s triumph was not their triumph not the citizens of our country It showed Trump the blank faces of the powerful and the blank spaces on the national mall . MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow juxtaposed Barack Obama ’s inauguration boasting people as far as the eye can see with Trump ’s Trump’s to extend to the Washington Monument . She did n’t Rachel Maddow that Washington , D. C. favored Mrs. Clinton over Mr. Trump 91 Trump’s four percent on Election Day . Nor did she speak of the Rachel Maddow welcome wagon , which on Inauguration Eve gored Trump supporters with flagpoles Trump’s read " Make America Great Again " on hats as " Please Throw a Battery at Me . " Sometimes watching at home is the better part of valor . The cameras did n’t capture 44 ’s face when 45 lamented that " we ’ve defended other nation ’s borders while refusing to defend our own , " we 43 ’s face when 45 noted that the federal government " spent trillions of dollars overseas while America ’s infrastructure has fallen into disrepair and decay . " One imagines they grimaced , at least on the inside . It ’s not merely that the new president announced a break with their policies on the they public stage possible . The very fact of him taking the oath the new president office directly derived from their policies . The they who most despise President Trump bear the most responsibility for President Trump . From President Trump effortlessly scaling the President Trump in    heels to the clouds opening up when her husband enjoyed his grand moment President Trump T. C. her husband the Obamas out of the spotlight , the first day of the Trump presidency offered a surreal quality President Trump amplified for the bigwigs on the balcony long deluding themselves that the    owns inaugurations the bigwigs As the new occupant of the Oval Office reminded , " January 20th , 2017 , will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again . " Some people liked the sound of that less than others . 
 