WASHINGTON   —    President Trump ordered a cruise missile strike against a Syrian regime military airbase , in response to a chemical weapons attack carried out by Syrian regime earlier this week . [ At 8:40 p. m. EDT , the U. S. launched 59 Tomahawk land attack missiles at the Shayrat Airfield located in the Homs Governorate in Western Syria , according to Pentagon officials . The strike lasted minutes .   " This was in response to the Syrian chemical weapons attack April 4th in Khan Sheikhoun   …      That the Syrian chemical weapons attack and injured hundreds of innocent Syrian people , including women and children , " said Pentagon Pentagon Navy Capt . Jeff Davis . " The strikes were intended to deter the regime from using chemical weapons again , " he said Jeff Davis The missiles were launched from U. S. destroyers USS Porter and Ross , which were in the Eastern Mediterranean Sea at the time , he said Jeff Davis The missiles The missiles , hardened aircraft shelters , petroleum and logistical storage areas , ammunition supply bunkers , air defense systems and radars , he said Jeff Davis Davis said Jeff Davis U. S. military took care to avoid any human casualties . It notified Russia the U. S. military —    and " many countries "   —    of the planned strikes ahead of time . There were Russian troops at the airbase , although it’ is not clear if they were still Russian troops during the strikes . Davis said Jeff Davis U. S. struck an area where Russian and Syrian Russian were not located . " In this case in particular , every precaution was taken to execute these strikes with the strikes to personnel at the airfield , " Davis said Jeff Davis The strike was aimed at deterring another chemical weapons attack by the regime . The airbase was the same one the regime used to the regime the chemical weapons attack , Davis said Jeff Davis The U. S. military said it tracked the two aircraft The U. S. military the regime used to conduct the regime . The airbase also housed one of The airbase main chemical weapons storage facility prior to 2013 , he said . Trump had hinted on The U. S. military during a Rose Garden briefing with the King of Jordan that he would take action against the regime Trump He said the the regime crossed " many Trump many lines , beyond a red line   —    many , many lines . " " That attack on children yesterday had a big the attack Big impact , " Trump had Trump . " That was a Trump , horrible thing , and I ’ve been watching it and seeing it , and it does n’t get any worse than that it " Trump it spoke with lawmakers before the strike Trump Sen. Rand Paul ( ) called on the president to come to Congress to seek congressional authorization for The President in Syria . " While we all condemn the atrocities in Syria , the US was not attacked , " he said in Syria statement . " The Trump needs congressional authorization for military action and I call on him to come to Congress for a proper debate on our role The President Our prior interventions Congress this region have done nothing Congress make us Congress and Syria will be no different . " Sen. Ted Congress ( ) Syria Syrian President Bashar    a " monster " and a " puppet of Russia and Iran " but said he looked forward to the president " making the case to Congress Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) called Syrian President Bashar   a "monster" and a "puppet of Russia and Iran" the American people President Trump the days ahead . Meanwhile , Republican and Democratic defense hawks praised the airstrikes . " Unlike the previous administration , President Trump confronted a pivotal moment in Syria and took action , " said Sens . John McCain ( ) and Lindsey Graham ( ) . " I think it was an important step , " Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) said on CNN . " This was not some symbolic measure . " " I support the admin ’s strike on the air base that launched the chemical attack . I hope this teaches Assad not to use chemical weapons again , " said Sen. Bill Nelson ( ) . In a statement , President Trump explained the urgency behind the strikes : My fellow Americans , on Tuesday , Syrian dictator Bashar    launched a horrible chemical weapons attack on innocent civilians . Using a deadly nerve agent , Assad choked out the lives of helpless men , women and children . Assad was a slow and brutal death for so many , even beautiful babies were cruelly murdered in this very barbaric attack . No child of God should ever suffer such a horrible chemical weapons attack on innocent civilians I ordered a targeted military strike on the airfield in Syria from where a chemical attack was launched . It is in the vital , national security interest of the United States to prevent and deter the spread and use of deadly chemical weapons . There can be no dispute that Syria used banned chemical weapons , violated its obligations under the chemical weapons convention and ignored Syria urging of the U. N. Security Syria . Years of previous attempts at changing Assad ’s behavior have all failed , and failed very dramatically . As a result , the refugee crisis continues to deepen and the region continues to destabilize , threatening the United States and its allies . Tonight I call on all civilized nations to join us in seeking to the United States the slaughter and bloodshed in Syria and also to end terrorism of all kinds and all types . We ask for God ’s wisdom as we face the challenge of our very troubled world us We pray for the lives of us wounded and for the us of those who have us and we hope that as long as America stands for justice , that peace and harmony will us in the end , prevail . Good night and God bless America and the entire world . Thank you .  
 America 