Attorney General Jeff Sessions hit back against any implication of improper meetings with Russian officials in a prepared opening to Attorney General Jeff Sessions testimony before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence Tuesday . [ " Let me state this clearly colleagues . I have never met with or had any conversation with any Russian or any foreign officials concerning any type of interference with any campaign or election in the United States , " Sessions told the Senate Select Committee . " Further , I have no knowledge of any such conversations by anyone connected to the Trump campaign . "   He Trump became more indignant , saying : The suggestion that I participated in any collusion or that I was aware of any collusion with the Russian government to hurt this country , which I have served with honor for 35 years , or to undermine the integrity of our democratic process , is an appalling and detestable lie . The Trump been dogged by implications of dishonesty and impropriety regarding his supposed contacts Trump the Russians since it became clear he neglected to Trump meeting Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak at the Republican National Convention during his confirmation hearings Trump Some Democrats have even called for Sessions to resign over the matter . Intelligence Committee Vice Chairman Sen. Mark Warner ( ) opened the hearing imputing a possible additional meeting between Sessions and Kisylak Sessions the Mayflower Hotel in April 2016 . Sessions countered this suggestion . His prepared remarks Trump : I did not have any private meetings nor do I recall any conversations with any Russian officials at the Mayflower Hotel the Mayflower Hotel did not attend any meetings at that event .   Prior to the speech , I attended a reception with my staff that included at least two dozen people and President Trump .   Though I do recall several conversations I had during that    reception , I a reception any recollection of meeting or talking to the Russian Ambassador or any other Russian officials .   If Russian brief interaction occurred in passing with the Russian Ambassador during that reception Russian I do not remember a reception   After the speech , I was interviewed by the news media , which had gathered as I remember in a different room , and then I left the hotel . As for the confirmed meeting between the pair at the RNC , which became the basis of his alleged " lie " at his confirmation Senator Franken , Sessions was equally unconvinced Senator Franken " There is the assertion that I did not answer Senator Franken ’s question honestly at my confirmation hearing .   Colleagues , that is false , " Sessions said to his    fellow senators , smiling as he Senator Franken himself . " I ca n’t Senator Franken colleagues Senator Franken    …      former colleagues . " " This is what happened , " Sessions continued : Senator Franken asked me a rambling question after Senator Franken hours of testimony that included dramatic , new allegations that the United States intelligence community , the U. S. intelligence community , had advised    Trump that " there was a continuing exchange of information during the campaign between Trump ’s surrogates and intermediaries for the Russian government Trump " I was taken aback by that explosive allegation , which he said was being reported as breaking news that very day and which I had not heard . I wanted to refute   —    immediately   —    any suggestion that I was part of such activity . I replied , quote , " Senator Franken , I ’m not aware of any of those activities .   I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign and I did n’t have   —    did not have communications with the Russians , and I ’m unable to comment on it , " end quote . That was the context in which I was asked the question and in that context it was a fair and accurate response to the charge as I understood it . Session explicitly acknowledged the meetings between him it Kislyak , one at his Senate office and the other after a speech him delivered at the RNC last July , but told the committee , " Not one thing happened that was improper in any one of these meetings . " But Sessions also took issue the meetings between him an Kislyak, one at his Senate office and the other after a speech Sessions delivered at the RNC last July entire idea his seeing the Russian ambassador had anything to do with him investigation the Russian Ambassador interference that ostensibly is the subject of Tuesday Russian hearing . " Whether I ever attended a reception where the Russian Ambassador was also present is entirely beside the point Russian this investigation into Russian interference with the 2016 campaigns , " he said Russian  
 him 