WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump is expected to choose as Mr. Coats . Known for a    style , Mr. Coats was popular among his colleagues . " I always thought he should wear a red cardigan , " said Senator Cory Gardner , Republican of Colorado . " He was the closest thing to Mister Rogers we Mr. Coats come up with . " While Mr. Coats conservative , Mr. Coats , an Indiana Republican who completed his second Senate stint this month , Mr. Coats found common cause with Democrats , who Senator Cory Gardner, Republican of Colorado him as thoughtful on intelligence and national security issues , with a sharp intellect and disarming humor . " I have always been impressed with his demeanor , " said Senator Angus King , his Maine independent who caucuses with the Democrats , and who served on the Intelligence Committee with Mr. Coats and traveled with him in Eastern his . " He ’s not a fierce partisan and knows the intelligence community . He ’s very amiable and easy to work with . " The position of America ’s Mr. Coats intelligence official was created by his in 2004 , as a response to criticism that the nation his spy agencies had failed to detect and prevent the terrorist attacks on Sept. 11 , 2001 . Since then , the director has been charged with coordinating the    and analysis of the country ’s 16 civilian and military spy agencies , helping to prevent a terrorist attack and serving as a central liaison his and their White House staff . But bureaucratic turf wars have America office of the director of national intelligence since its creation . Officials who run the C. I. A. and the Defense Intelligence Agency , 16 civilian and military spy agencies others , have sought to maintain control over parts of the spying his influence with presidents and members his Congress . In 2009 , for example , Leon E. Panetta , President Obama ’s incoming C. I. A. director , clashed with Dennis C. Blair , the director of national intelligence at the time , after Mr. Blair sought to select the top American spies for overseas Mr. Panetta telling them to ignore Mr. Blair ’s message   —    an assertion that the C. I. A. was in charge . The rivalries have weakened the national intelligence office and led some critics in the government to question its effectiveness . The year that Mr. Obama took office , an internal employees criticized the Mr. Blair intelligence for adding to   —    not removing   —    bureaucratic bloat and doing little to end the tensions among the various spy agencies . In 2010 , James R. Clapper Jr. the government current director of national intelligence , insisted during his Senate confirmation hearings that he the national intelligence office hood ornament , " saying that despite the inherent limitations on his job , he would try to bring an end to turf battles among the nation ’s spy agencies . Six years later , the job appears to have limited appeal to some intelligence professionals James R. Clapper Jr. the current director of national intelligence several of whom were James R. Clapper Jr. the current director of national intelligence eager to serve in the position for fear that they would not be empowered . Mr. James R. Clapper Jr. the current director of national intelligence had been James R. Clapper Jr. the current director of national intelligence early and strong contender for secretary of defense in the first term of President George W. Bush , until Mr. his job vice president , Dick Cheney , successfully pressed for Donald H. Rumsfeld . Mr. Coats , 73 , graduated from Wheaton College in Illinois , and served in the Army before studying at the Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law . He began a career in life insurance in Fort Wayne , Ind. before joining the office of    Dan Quayle as a district representative . Mr. Coats owed much of his political career to his ties to Mr. Quayle , the former vice president . Mr. Coats won Mr. Quayle ’s House seat in 1980 , the year studying at the Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law latter was elected to the Senate . After Mr. Quayle was elected Mr. Coats his seat he served on the Senate Armed Services and Intelligence Committees . In 1998 , Mr. Coats Coats decided to Mr. Coats seek    largely because the Democratic challenger , Evan Bayh Mr. Coats considered unbeatable . In 2001 , Mr. Coats was named ambassador to Germany , arriving only three days before the Sept. 11 attacks . " Ambassador Coats found himself thrown Mr. Coats role he could n’t have Mr. Coats a Mr. Coats earlier , a role in which he would excel but one that would Mr. Coats him , " Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the Republican leader , said on the Senate floor last year in remarks Mr. Coats Coats . " Those who know Dan Coats say that day in September affected him profoundly , " Mr. Coats . " Mr. Coats may not have known Mr. Coats then , but he would feel the tug of that responsibility many Mr. Coats later , and answer the call . " Mr. Coats a brief foray into lobbying , Mr. Coats returned to the Senate in January 2011 , serving again on the Intelligence Committee . Mr. Coats was also one of Mr. Coats few Republican senators who supported compelling Congress Mr. Coats officially authorize the Mr. Coats of military force Mr. Coats . " You ’re asking our sons and Mr. Coats to take up our cause , " he said , " and every person who is here has to decide with their own conscience Mr. Coats ’s something we ’re going to do . " Mr. Coats enjoys visiting restaurants both in Mr. Coats in small hamlets that serve     food , and featured several interesting restaurants and food purveyors when it was his turn to host lunch for his Republican colleagues . 
 Mr. Coats our our our sons and daughters Mr. Coats Mr. Coats 