President Donald Trump fired off a series of tweets on Monday morning defending President Donald Trump executive order suspending travel from several    countries , referring explicitly   —    and defiantly   —    to the order as a " travel ban . " [ The media pounced on President Donald Trump use of the phrase " travel ban , " with CNN and others declaring that Trump President Donald Trump undermined his President Donald Trump legal case , which may soon come before the U. S. Supreme Court for a decisive ruling .   Trump President Donald Trump : People , the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they People, the lawyers and the courts , but I am calling it it we need and what it it , a TRAVEL BAN !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 5 , 2017 , The Justice Dept . should have stayed with the original Travel Ban , not the watered down , politically correct version they Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 5, 2017, The Justice Dept to S. C.   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 5 , 2017 , The basis of the legal challenges to Trump ’s executive orders is the argument that his Trump’s executive orders order is really an effort to exclude Muslims from the U. S. on religious grounds , and is therefore a violation of the First Amendment . But Trump Trump’s said nothing about religion . In fact , they arguably Trump’s tweets his argument that the executive orders are not motivated by religious bias , because they refer the executive orders to a " travel ban " and not a " Muslim ban . " The government has argued that the travel restrictions would apply equally to people of all faiths from the countries subject to the temporary suspension . Only the word " ban " is common to both phrases . While that word suggests the president might have intended more permanent restrictions , nothing in the wording of his orders the president for that . In a Washington Post article titled " Trump ’s latest tweets will likely hurt effort to restore travel ban , " correspondent Matt Zapotosky notes that the tweets " made clear   —    despite his own press secretary ’s past remarks to the contrary   —    that the executive order is a ‘ ban,’ not a pause on some sources of immigration or an enhanced vetting system . " But the press secretary ’s comments are irrelevant to the case , and so is the difference between a " pause " and a " ban . " Zapotosky provided no further explanation as to how " travel ban " conveyed religious bias against Muslims . Zapotosky argues Zapotosky Trump ’s new endorsement of the first version of the " travel ban " also helps build a case that it was Trump’s new endorsement of the first version of the "travel ban" by religious bias   —    but again , he fails Zapotosky explain how . A federal court in Boston actually upheld that first version of the order on the grounds that the president had sweeping authority to designate classes of aliens that could be excluded from the country , and that the courts did not have authority to dictate national security policy . What appears to have happened is classic confirmation bias . Journalists and political critics of the president the president have read " Muslim ban " into the phrase " travel ban , " confusing wishful thinking on their part for Journalists and political critics of the president analysis . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named Joel B. Pollak of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the Joel B. Pollak of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter The Inside Story of a Revolution @joelpollak . 
 