The capital city of New Mexico doubled down on The capital city of New Mexico sanctuary city status despite knowing The capital city of New Mexico is risking losing federal funds . The Santa Fe City Council unanimously approved a resolution reaffirming The Santa Fe City Council policy . [ Responding to a threat from    Donald Trump to defund sanctuary cities , The Santa Fe City Council moved forward with plans to refuse access to city property by immigration agents and keep the immigration status of any person confidential .   " This is doubling down , " City Council Member Joseph Maestas , the Albuquerque Journal reported . " We ’re thumbing our We at this incoming administration . " In reference to the possible loss of federal funding , former Santa Fe Mayor David Cross told the City Council " If that ’s all we ’re worried about , shame on us . we ’s not what Santa Fe Santa Fe . " The State of New Mexico has gone back and forth on its position on The State of New Mexico with immigration officials . In 1986 ,    Toney Anaya declared the state to The State of New Mexico sanctuary state , according to SanctuaryCities . info , a website that tracks such jurisdictions . That decision was reversed in 2011 by Governor Susana Martinez , a former prosecutor . " I did an executive order within minutes after I was sworn into office in 2011 , " Gov. Susana Martinez said during a visit to Ruidoso , New Mexico in July 2015 , the Ruidoso News reported . " I said there will not be any sanctuary city . Our police officers will ask where someone is from , especially if they are being arrested Our police officers put in jail for crimes , because that needs to be considered by a judge . Are you a flight risk or a danger to the community and would you return to court for proceedings to determine whether you are culpable for some offense you are accused of ? " The City of Santa Fe had previously passed a sanctuary city resolution in 1999 . Knowing the City is at The City of Santa Fe losing federal funding , it is attempting to strengthen The City of Santa Fe position . " This The City of Santa Fe puts us in a sanctuary city resolution defensible ( legal ) position than current sanctuary policies , " said retired attorney Jim Harrington . Harrington has done volunteer work for retired attorney Jim Harrington un Pueblo Unido , the Albuquerque newspaper reported . Harrington told the reporter the U. retired attorney Jim Harrington Supreme Court has restricted how the federal government can use funding cuts to enforce policy . Under existing law , the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) can already move quickly to not only cut off future law enforcement grants to the city —   it can recoup past grants for the Department of Justice (DOJ) period of time the municipality was not 100 percent the city federal immigration law , according to U. S. Representative John Culberson ( ) . Culberson spent most of 2016 working with U. S. Representative John Culberson ( officials to enforce 8 U. the Department of Justice (DOJ) C. § 1373 , a law that passed in 1996 to require local and state jurisdictions to cooperate with immigration officials or risk losing federal funding , Breitbart Texas previously reported . " The law requires cooperation with immigration officials 100 percent of the time , " Culberson said in an exclusive interview with U. S. Representative John Culberson ( Texas in November . The DOJ Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas General certified the top 10 sanctuary jurisdictions last year and notified that they would not be eligible to apply for the top 10 sanctuary jurisdictions law enforcement grants for the coming year unless they change their policies . The current list the top 10 sanctuary jurisdictions sanctuary the top 10 sanctuary jurisdictions to be defunded includes : the entire states of California and Connecticut Orleans Parish in Louisiana   New York City Philadelphia Cook County , Illinois    County , Florida Milwaukee , Wisconsin and Clark County , Nevada . The grant process begins this month . " I had to stand on their ‘ air hose,’ " Culberson explained referring to Congress’ power to cut a federal agencies’ funds . " For those on the    list , it is done . " The actions of the defiant Santa Fe City Council could move New Mexico ’s capital city onto that list as well . Bob Price serves the   list editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas Breitbart . Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX . Texas Breitbart 