A leader of the Christian charismatic movement has declared that the unprecedented resistance to U. S. President Donald Trump signals a deeper , spiritual battle that is taking place over America ’s soul . [ Lou Engle , the founder of several Christian ministries , has highlighted two recent events that give cause for concern to Christians : the Women ’s March on Washington , with the Women’s March close alliance with the U. S. abortion lobby , and recent calls to use witchcraft to " bind " and utterly destroy the president .   In an essay in Charisma Magazine , the charismatic leader of " The Call " wrote that the Women’s March was the first shot across the bow , heralding a revolutionary rise against the president of the United States , " and the fellow citizens who elected him . The March was also an uprising against " the foundational biblical truths upon which our nation was founded , " Engle said . " Soon after , the second shot was manifested publicly : an unprecedented global summons of witchcraft to curse President Trump , his Cabinet and all of those aligned with a biblical worldview , " Engle wrote . " Engle , the whole controversy was elevated to a global spiritual dimension , inaugurating a spiritual battle that can not be won on the playing field of protests and political arguments . " " Only the church has the answer to this unprecedented manifestation of witchcraft . Spiritual strategy must be used to overcome this    brazen challenge of the powers , " he said . Understanding    ideological battles in spiritual terms is no novelty for Christians . As Saint Paul wrote some 2 , 000 years ago , " we wrestle not against flesh and blood , but against principalities , against powers , against the rulers of the darkness of this world , against spiritual wickedness in high places . " In this battle , Engle sees great cause for hope , since many Americans do not identify with the anger , extremism and above all visceral hate being directed toward the president and those who voted for him . " Hundreds Engle thousands of women watched the March , heard the vitriol and could not identify with the radical ideologies being expressed that would not acknowledge God ’s Word and ways in the public controversy , " he wrote . " Engle new woman declared deep inside her heart , This This new woman not my revolution . " Lou Engle is not alone in his analysis . Philadelphia Lou Engle Charles J. Chaput recently expressed his astonishment at the Philadelphia Archbishop Charles J. Chaput media ’s ongoing war against Donald Trump . " It ’s just amazing to me how hostile the Philadelphia Archbishop Charles J. Chaput is to everything the president does , " Chaput told a radio Philadelphia Archbishop Charles J. Chaput show host last month . " I do n’t want to be partisan in my comments here , but it seems to me if we are Philadelphia Archbishop Charles J. Chaput serious about our common responsibilities , we support the president we " the president , adding Philadelphia Archbishop Charles J. Chaput good citizens should " wish him success rather than trying the president undermine him . " As a the president of joining in the spiritual battle , Engle has proposed three days of fasting and prayer for the nation , beginning on Wednesday , March 8 . In what he is calling an " the president fast , " in commemoration of the Jewish heroine Esther , Engle invites the nation to Engle and the nation three days leading up to the Jewish deliverance feast of Purim , which begins this year on Saturday evening , March 11 . Among the many intentions of this Lenten " Esther fast , an "Esther Christians and Engle people of good will pray in particular for the overturning of the 1973 Supreme Court decision Roe v. Wade , which , together with Doe v. Bolton , struck down existing abortion laws and granted abortion on demand for the full nine months of pregnancy for the entire country . Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter   Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 