On Tuesday ’s Breitbart News Daily , former Georgetown Professor Asra Nomani recalled the intolerant reaction of fellow liberal academics after former Georgetown Professor Asra Nomani voted for Donald Trump in the 2016 election . [ former Georgetown Professor Asra Nomani went public with former Georgetown Professor Asra Nomani voting decision in a Washington Post   . former Georgetown Professor Asra Nomani explained former Georgetown Professor Asra Nomani was a "    a Muslim , an immigrant woman ‘ of color’ " who became a " silent voter for Donald Trump , " and former Georgetown Professor Asra Nomani made it clear former Georgetown Professor Asra Nomani was not motivated by bigotry or a desire for " white supremacism . " former Georgetown Professor Asra Nomani stated reasons for voting for Trump Donald Trump the damaging effects of Obamacare and concern about the rise of Islamist extremism worldwide .   former Georgetown Professor Asra Nomani was immediately accused of bigotry and facilitating white supremacism after publishing former Georgetown Professor Asra Nomani article , with one former colleague insulting former Georgetown Professor Asra Nomani as a " clueless dolt " and questioning former Georgetown Professor Asra Nomani humanity .   " You all were kind enough to write a piece from my experience since my election vote , in which a former colleague at Georgetown University , a professor in the Department of Peace and Security Studies , told me to ‘ eff off and go to hell’ because of my vote , " former Georgetown Professor Asra Nomani recalled .   " It became a window for former Georgetown Professor Asra Nomani into not just my dynamics with this one individual , but this phenomena that you ’re talking about , of the intolerance of the    Left . I was just shocked , " Nomani told SiriusXM host Alex Marlow . " I have to say , I ’m naive in a bit , and I really believed the arguments of those who are liberal , saying that they those who are liberal all about peace and love and tolerance , and did n’t really understand this distinction with the dangerous Left , as you ’re identifying , " she said . " I have also gone back in my own analysis and come to the same identity issue of feeling like there ’s important principles of liberalism that are significant , but the the dangerous Left , unfortunately , hijacked liberals in America and created this intolerance , " she warned she Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 