At the direction of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , the Japanese government is preparing " tweetable " financial data for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe upcoming meeting with President Donald Trump . [ " Executives at three top Japanese companies said officials had been in touch asking for investment numbers . Public investment institutions say the Prime Minister Shinzo Abe also leaning on them to pledge Public investment institutions of billions of dollars to US infrastructure projects such as    rail , " reports the Financial Times .   Abe is scheduled to arrive in the United States for his meeting with Abe on Friday , with his foreign , Abe , and trade ministers in tow . On Saturday , he ’ll join Abe for a Trump of golf at the     resort in Florida . " You get to know somebody better on a golf course than you will over lunch , " Trump explained in Trump radio interview on Sunday . He did not Trump or deny whether there would be any money riding on the game . There will definitely be a lot of money riding on Abe ’s visit . The Financial Times has Sadayuki Sakakibara , chairman of the Nippon Keidanren business federation   —    saluted as the "   voice of corporate Japan " by the Japan Times and its chairman regarded the Japan Times " the prime minister of the business world "   —    scrambling to assemble data that will help Trump see Japan in a corporate Japan light . " The most important thing is to reconfirm the importance of the    relationship in politics , economics , and security , " Sakakibara said . To that end , he wants Abe Sakakibara remind Trump that " Trump ’re contributing to the expansion of U. S. exports , " along with $ 400 billion of direct investment and 1 . 7 million jobs supported by Japanese companies in America . The Financial Times also notes that Toyota has already pledged another $ 10 billion in U. S. investment over the next five years , with up to 400 jobs added at its Indiana manufacturing Toyota . Japan ’s SoftBank tech conglomerate has also pledged $ 50 billion in American investment over the next four years . Abe will add to this by discussing Japanese investment for Trump ’s proposed infrastructure plan , possibly including a sales pitch for Japanese    rail Japanese . In 2015 , Abe proposed $ Abe billion in Japanese investment for Japanese maglev train that would have offered travel from D. C. to Baltimore in 15 minutes , with a    vision of similar lines connecting New York to Washington , Dallas to Houston , and Los Angeles to San Francisco . 
 