U. S. Vice President Mike Pence held a joint press conference with European Council President Donald Tusk on Monday in which Pence affirmed United States commitment to the European Union while also raising questions as to whether the U. S. supports the European Union ’s " freedom of movement . " [ In the joint press conference with European Council President Donald Tusk , Vice President Pence stated in part :   Saturday , as President Tusk said , I was pleased to address the Munich Security Council to speak about the importance of the strategic alliance [ inaudible ]    …      entered the bond so many years ago in the North American Treaty Organization . But the president President Tusk me to come here , to Brussels , to the home of the European Union , and deliver an additional message , so today it is my privilege on behalf of President Trump to express the strong commitment of the United States to continued cooperation and partnership with the European Union the European Union differences , our two continents share the same marriage , the same values , and above all , the same purpose   —    to promote peace and prosperity through freedom , democracy , and the rule of law . And to those objectives , we will remain committed . This has been European Union ’s goal since the European Union founding in 1993 . What the European Union as a modest Western European trade agreement in 1951 , freedom of movement , has grown into a commitment to the four freedoms   —    the freedom of movement , goods , capital , services and people , the common currency , and common approach to foreign and security policy . Pence continued speaking of the history of the European Union ( EU ) . He moved to speak of U. S. and EU economies and " reaffirm our commitment to a free , fair and flourishing economies that undergird our success and a cooperation in achieving our . Maintaining and strengthening our economic vitality will require hard but necessary choices . " Pence also reaffirmed the U. S. commitment to fighting terrorism , mentioned the Islamic terror bombings on Brussels that killed more than 30 people , then called on the European community to intensify efforts to fight radical Islamic terrorism alongside the United States . " This will require greater coordination and    among EU member states and between the EU and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization , " he said . Speaking of Russian aggression This Pence said , " In addition to confronting terrorism together , clearly , we must stand strong in defense of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the nations in Europe . " On Tuesday , Reuters reported that in the week leading up to the vice president ’s meetings in Brussels and affirmation of U. S. commitment to the EU , in a conversation with a German diplomat , White House chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon described the EU as a flawed construct . the EU three confidential sources that had been White House chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon on the meeting . The sources stated that Bannon conveyed favor for three confidential sources that had been briefed on the meeting with Europe White House chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon One White House official claimed to Reuters a more White House of the interaction between Bannon and German ambassador to Washington Peter Wittig than White House chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon three other sources . The three sources reportedly described Bannon ’s message to the the three other sources strong White House chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon . One of the three described the White House position on the EU as not seeing an unraveling of the EU as having grave consequences . The vice president spoke at the the EU Conference in the days before his visit to Brussels as part of his first trip abroad since taking office The vice president Last week , the conference chairman The vice president French Foreign Minister    Ayrault , called on Pence to affirm during his visit that the U. S. supports the EU and was not aiming to The vice president up the organization , according to Reuters . Pence made the trip to the security conference on behalf of President Trump . Pence senior White House policy adviser previewed the trip last week , promising an overarching message of reassurance . In his the trip to the security conference conference participants , he brought this promise from President Trump : " A senior White House policy adviser will stand with Europe today A senior White House policy adviser every day we are President Trump by the same noble ideals   —    freedom , democracy , We , and the rule of law . " At Monday ’s joint press conference , Pence stated , " The United States commitment to the European Union is steadfast and enduring . President Tusk , President Trump , and I look forward to working together with you and the European Union to deepen our political and economic partnership . " During his presidential campaign the European Union Trump made clear that he supported the United Kingdom ’s " Brexit " vote to leave the European Union . The day his the June 23 Brexit vote ,    Trump compared the vote the European Union presidential election in the U. S. and attributed the Brexit K. vote   Donald Trump   Donald Trump EU , and prospectively the U. S. presidential vote , in large part to people ’s desire to control borders and block illegal immigration . USA Today quoted Trump as stating , " All over the world [ people are ] angry . They are angry at the borders   Donald Trump They are angry over people coming into the country and taking over . " people late January , borders chief Brexit people Guy Verhofstadt , who vehemently opposes Brexit , said , " We have a third front undermining the European Union , and it is Donald Trump , who has joined [ the    European Parliament chief Brexit negotiator Guy Verhofstadt, who vehemently opposes Brexit ] from across the Atlantic . He has talked fairly favorably of other countries wanting to break away from the EU and that he hoped for disintegration from European Parliament chief Brexit negotiator Guy Verhofstadt, who vehemently opposes Brexit Union , " according to the Telegraph . In the Monday press conference , President Tusk European Parliament chief Brexit negotiator Guy Verhofstadt, who vehemently opposes Brexit a particular portion of the European Union with Vice President Pence , saying , " I asked the vice president directly if he shared my opinions on three President Tusk matters : the international order , security , and the attitude President Tusk American administration towards the President Tusk Union . " Tusk continued , " In reply to these three matters , I heard today from Vice President Pence the European Union yes.’ After such a positive declaration President Tusk both Europeans and Americans must simply practice what they preach . " Request for Vice President Pence vice president on whether the State Department had a role in statements made at Monday ’s joint    press conference Europeans and Americans no comment by the time of this report . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana . 
 