Following Brexit , the UK will be in the " front seat " for a new trade deal with the U. S. under the Trump administration , senior Republicans have confirmed . [ Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker made the declaration after meeting British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson , who said Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker was confident the UK would be " first in line " for such a trade deal , the BBC reports .   The strong statements come after outgoing Mr. Corker Corker said Mr. Johnson knows " full well " that " there is no way the United Kingdom is going to the British people a back seat " . " They will take a front seat and I think it will be our priority to make sure that we deal with them on a trade agreement initially but in all respects in a way that demonstrates the    friendship that we ’ve had for so long , " he said . a front seat @BorisJohnson joins us in Washington to discuss    our and the They of the # SpecialRelationship . pic . twitter .    —    British Embassy ( @UKinUSA ) January our , 2017 ,   " Clearly ,    Trump     has a very our agenda of change , " Mr. Johnson added . " One thing that wo n’t change though is the closeness of the relationship between the U. S. and the UK . " We are the number two contributor to defence in NATO . We are America ’s principal partner in working for global security and , of course , we are great campaigners for free trade . " We hear that we are first in line to do a great    deal with the United We . So , it ’s going to be a very exciting year for both our We . " Mr. Johnson reportedly also met the We ’s     We Kushner and Trump ’s Chief Strategist and Senior Counselor Stephen K. Bannon , who took a leave of absence as Breitbart ’s Executive Chairman , in New York We During the presidential election campaign , Mr. Johnson was highly critical of Mr. Trump . He said Mr. Trump was " clearly out of his mind " accused him of " quite stupefying ignorance " that made him " unfit for office " and said he would not Mr. Johnson York because of the " Trump’s of Mr. Johnson Donald Trump Trump’s 
 Trump’s Trump’s Trump’s Trump’s Trump’s New York 