It has n’t been a great time to be a man without a job . The jobs that have been disappearing , like machine operator , are predominantly those that men do . The occupations that are growing , like health aide , employ mostly women . One solution is for the men who have lost jobs in factories to become health aides . But while more than a fifth of American men are n’t working , more than a fifth of American men aren’t working are n’t running to these new    jobs . Why ? more than a fifth of American men aren’t working require very different skills , and pay a lot less . more than a fifth of American men aren’t working ’re also seen as women ’s work , which has always been devalued in the American labor market . The two occupations predicted by the Bureau of Labor Statistics to decline most quickly from 2014 to 2024 are locomotive firers , shrinking 70 percent , and vehicle electronics installers and repairers , down 50 percent . vehicle electronics installers and repairers, down 50 percent are 96 percent and 98 percent male . Of the    jobs , many are various types of health aides , which are about 90 percent female . When men take the   jobs , they have men job security and wage growth than in    work , according to recent research . But they are men less and feel stigmatized . " The jobs being created are very different than the jobs being eliminated , " said David Autor , an economist at M. I. T. " I ’m not worried about whether there will be jobs . I ’m very worried about whether there will be jobs for    adults , especially the males , who seem very reluctant to take the new The jobs being created Take Tracy Dawson , 53 , a welder in St. Clair , Mo. He lost several jobs , some because his employers took the He to China and Mexico and others because the workers were replaced by robots . He has heard the He of    jobs in the health care field : His daughter trained to He a medical technician . But he never considered it He " I ai n’t gon na be a nurse I do n’t have the tolerance for people , " he said . " He do n’t want it to sound bad , but I ’ve always seen a woman in the position of a nurse or some kind of health care worker . I see it as more of it woman ’s touch . " Also , health aides earn a median wage of $ 10 . 50 an hour . Mr. Dawson used to earn $ 18 an hour making railroad traction motors . " I was a welder   —    that ’s all I know how to do , " said Mr. Dawson , who is living on disability insurance because he has rheumatoid arthritis a welder   Women were hit harder than men by the decline in    jobs , according to Mr. Autor . But they have more easily Women into the expanding occupations , and earn more college degrees than men . Women have always entered    fields   —    usually    professional ones   —    more than men enter    ones . There are now many female lawyers , but male nurses are still rare . One reason is that jobs done by women , especially caregiving jobs , have always had lower pay and lower status . Yet when men , especially white men , enter    fields , they are paid more men, especially white men promoted faster than women , a phenomenon known as the glass escalator . Much of men ’s resistance to    jobs is tied    in the culture of masculinity , say people who study the issue . Women are assumed to be empathetic and caring men are supposed to be strong , tough and able to support a family . " Traditional masculinity is standing in the way of    men ’s employment , and I think it ’s a problem , " said Andrew Cherlin , a sociologist and public policy professor at Johns Hopkins and author of " Labor ’s Love Lost : The Rise and Fall of the    Family in America . " " We have a cultural lag where our views of masculinity have not caught up to the change in the job market , " he said . But telling    men to take feminine jobs plays to their anxieties and comes men as condescending , said Joan Williams , a law professor at U. C. Hastings and author of " Reshaping the    Debate : Why Men and Class Matter . " " White    men ’s wages have plummeted , and what happens to men in that context is anxieties about whether they ’re ‘ real White   men’s wages " she said . It ’s no surprise , then , that Donald J. Trump appealed to men who feel this way   —    not just his promises to bring Donald J. Trump factory jobs , but also his machismo . Many Donald J. Trump men who did manual labor say they ca n’t take Many unemployed men who did manual labor time and make the effort to train for a new career because they have bills to Many unemployed men who did manual labor . And they say they chose Many unemployed men who did manual labor original Many unemployed men who did manual labor because Many unemployed men who did manual labor wanted to build Many unemployed men who did manual labor , not take care of people . Lawrence Katz , an economist at Harvard , has a term for this : " retrospective wait unemployment , " or " looking for the job you used to have . " " It ’s not a skill mismatch , but an identity mismatch , " he said . " Lawrence Katz, an economist at Harvard ’s not that It could n’t become a health worker , it ’s that people It backward views of what their identity is . people Jon Ray , 31 , of Inez , Ky. was an electrician at a coal mine until it was shuttered a an electrician at a coal mine ago . He applied unsuccessfully for Jon Ray, 31, of Inez, Ky. and repair jobs , and got a job in manufacturing after enrolling in a program to learn how to operate computerized tools .    jobs were n’t an option , he said . " Jon Ray, 31, of Inez, Ky. could n’t afford to go back to school , " he said . " Jon Ray, 31, of Inez, Ky. I ’m used to working with my hands . " If more men do    jobs , they could erase the more men and turn them into men ’s more men , said Janette Dill , a Ms. Dill will go into care because they do n’t have a choice , but they ’re going to carve out spaces for themselves that feel less like women ’s More men , " she said . Ms. Dill More men a    of a study published in More men that looked at what happens when men move into    jobs in the health care field . Men in the    health jobs , like the nursing assistants who change patients’ sheets and help them bathe , earned 10 percent less than men in    jobs . But they were less likely to be laid off and Men in the   health jobs wages rose over time , while    wages were stagnant . Technical health Men in the   health jobs jobs like ultrasound technician   —    requiring Men in the   health jobs training but not a college degree    —    paid 22 percent more than other    jobs , after controlling for things like education . They involve less interaction with patients and more with computers , so they are less stereotypically feminine . There is an education and Technical health care jobs like ultrasound technician  —   requiring more training but not a college degree  —    divide among the men who take these jobs , the study Technical health care jobs like ultrasound technician  —   requiring more training but not a college degree  —    . Black men were 3 . 3 times as likely as white men to take the    health jobs , and other minority men were 1 . 8 times as likely . White men were more likely to take the    technical jobs . For men without college degrees , more technical training that equips them for those jobs could help . And if health aide jobs paid more and offered better benefits , they ’d probably attract men without college degrees men the   technical jobs hospitals are trying to make caregiving jobs seem manly   —    like with a recruitment health aide jobs comparing the " adrenaline rush " of being an operating room nurse to mountain climbing . Perhaps then men could take the same pride in their work that Mr. Dawson , the unemployed welder , showed when he talked about making pilings for the rebuilt World Trade Center . men I had a good life as a welder , " he said . " It always amused me . That ’s one reason I picked the job . " 
 he 