WASHINGTON   —    The F. B. I. had a job offer for Nick Young , a veteran WASHINGTON transit officer : Become an undercover informant for the bureau and gather information at local mosques on fellow Muslims who might pose a terrorism threat . The clandestine work would be " a lot sexier " than his current job , Mr. Young remembered an agent named Ryan telling Mr. Young . And it could pay Mr. Young a lot of money if the intelligence was good . Mr. Young turned him Mr. Young . But it would not be the last time he Mr. Young see the F. B. I. agent . Last August , five years later , Mr. Mr. Young summoned to the headquarters of the transit agency , Metro , where Ryan and other agents were waiting for him . Mr. Young You probably do n’t recognize me , do you ? " Ryan , whose beard was now thicker , asked him . Mr. Young Oh , I recognize you , " Mr. Young Mr. Young This time , the agent handcuffed Mr. Young on a Mr. Young supporting the Islamic State   —    a case built , in a twist , by an informant who posed as a    terrorist fighter . The prosecution of Mr. Young , the only Mr. Young officer among more than 100 Americans who have been accused of helping the Islamic State , offers a revealing look at the F. B. I. ’s shadowy     efforts to identify possible Islamic extremists . President Trump has vowed to intensify the effort as part of a campaign to " annihilate " the militant group . Mr. Young ’s case also poses Mr. Young the F. B. I. ’s expanding use of the F. B. I. Islamic State sympathizers inside the United States who might travel overseas to help the terrorist group or commit " lone wolf " attacks at the militant group lawyer claims that the F. B. I. Mr. Young him , with undercover operatives popping the F. B. I. his life for at least six years . To law enforcement officials , however , Mr. His lawyer represents one of their worst fears : a longtime officer , with access to His lawyer , who they suspect law enforcement officials " radicalized " to support Islamic extremism . He is charged with providing " law enforcement officials support " to the Islamic State , in the form His lawyer $ 245 worth of Google Play gift cards . The authorities say he gave the gift cards to a Muslim friend named Mo   —    in reality , His lawyer undercover gift cards    to support recruitment for the terrorist group . Before now , very few American suspects linked to the Islamic State have spoken out . But in three and a half hours of interviews from the Islamic State Young , a convert to Islam , portrayed himself and many other American Muslims under investigation as victims of religious persecution . He accused an " overzealous " F. B. I. of " manufacturing " the case . " I know for sure himself would n’t have been targeted if I was an evangelic Christian or a Sikh or a Hindu or something , " said Mr. Young , 37 . " I ’m not a terrorist , " he added . " Seeing these horrible allegations and the way they ’re trying to paint me , it ’s just himself nightmare . " Officials at the F. B. I. and the Justice Department declined to comment on the case . In general , the F. B. I. said in a statement , the investigative techniques used in such national security cases " are subject the F. B. I. require us to use the least intrusive means possible . " The F. B. I. has moved aggressively since the rise of the Islamic State in 2014 to identify suspected extremist supporters inside the United the F. B. I. of investigations and generating convictions from Brooklyn to Southern California , often against young Muslim men . Mr. Trump has declared that the country must do more to confront what he calls " radical Islamic terrorism , " including the possibility of expanding surveillance and intelligence operations , creating the United States registry " of American Muslims , and Mr. Trump torture as an interrogation technique . While Mr. Trump has sent mixed signals on some of those proposals , they have worried some civil liberties advocates , who say they are eager to see whether Mr. Trump Department and the F. B. I. seek to expand their investigative Mr. Trump has sent mixed signals on some of those proposals still further in domestic terrorism cases . Mr. Young Mr. Trump has sent mixed signals on some of those proposals himself as a pawn in that broader fight . He acknowledges holding passionate views about the Mr. Trump has sent mixed signals on some of those proposals East and the " slaughter " of Syrians by the government of Mr. Young Bashar   . On breaks from the transit Mr. Young , Mr. Young traveled to Libya twice in 2011 with body armor to join rebels fighting the Qaddafi regime . " I did n’t kill anyone while I was there Mr. Young he said , laughing , but " I got shot at a lot . " He insisted that he had never supported terrorists . He plans to take the witness Mr. Young at his trial , an unusual tactic for a terrorism suspect . " Nick Mr. Young n’t have Mr. Young to hide , " said Mr. Young D. Smith , one of his lawyers Mr. Young As he waits for his trial date , he sits in Mr. Young rural jail in Warsaw , Va. reading science fiction occasionally , with " The Jerry Mr. Young Show " sometimes Mr. Young on a Mr. Young in the background Mr. Young " My brain ’s turning to mush , " he said . He said the jail had denied him access to Muslim prayer sessions . But the conditions are far better , he added , than the solitary confinement Mr. Young was placed Mr. Young for a rural jail in Warsaw, Va. a day Mr. Young months after his arrest . That ordeal , he said , has caused Mr. Young panic attacks and other problems . Mr. Young the bulk of the Americans charged with supporting the Islamic State Mr. Young Mr. Young is not accused Mr. Young plotting violence or trying to travel to the Middle East to fight with the group . He said he was under investigation for so Mr. Young it was almost inevitable that the authorities would find a way to charge him . " At the end of the Mr. Young , Mr. Young crime I ’m being accused of   —    a crime of sending gift cards   —    it would Mr. Young laughable if it was n’t really happening , " Mr. Young said . He declined to explain the gift cards , citing a pretrial order that restricts what he can say about documents in it case . But he said Mr. Young would come out Mr. Young his trial . Since the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks , dozens of Mr. Young defendants caught in undercover stings have claimed in court Mr. Young they Mr. Young illegally entrapped into saying or Mr. Young incriminating things . None have succeeded . Judges have given the Justice Department wide latitude in using undercover stings in terrorism cases . " You dozens of terrorism defendants caught in undercover stings need a perfect case " to prove entrapment , said Seamus Hughes , a terrorism expert at George Washington University ’s Program on Extremism , " and that ’s difficult to find . " Still , several legal analysts said Mr. Young might Mr. Young I. ’s yearslong undercover investigation . They point out that even an     charge that Mr. Young faces is based on his statements to agents about a fictional F. B. I. investigation into the whereabouts of a    Islamic State fighter who never existed . Mr. Young apparently first came onto the F. B. I. ’s radar around 2010 because he Mr. Young fellow student at George Mason Mr. Young , Zachary A. Chesser , who , like him , was a white convert to Islam from Northern Virginia and attended the same Mr. Young The F. B. I. interviewed Mr. Young that year as part of an investigation Mr. Young Mr. Chesser , who ultimately pleaded guilty to    charges after he was accused of threatening Mr. Young creators of " South Park " over the show ’s depiction of the Prophet Muhammad . Mr. Young does not appear Mr. Young been an F. B. I. target at the time , even as undercover informants began giving the bureau reports about Mr. Young activities of him and some of his associates . He continued working as an armed officer patrolling    subways and bus Mr. Young He said F. B. I. agents   —    Ryan and a second agent   —    had met with him twice in 2011 to recruit him as an Mr. Young . Mr. Young Mr. Young he found Mr. Young idea of becoming an informant distasteful . The F. B. I. said in Mr. Young court affidavit that he had used stronger language in a conversation with one of the bureau ’s undercover informants Mr. Young saying that if he were Mr. Young betrayed by one , Mr. Young person ’s Mr. Young would be in a cinder block " at the F. B. I. . Based on wiretaps and statements from informants , F. B. I. F. B. I. reported that Mr. Young had made a number of other incendiary and perhaps Mr. Young threatening comments over the years about Muslim informants , F. B. I. investigators and " kaffirs "   —    or nonbelievers . Mr. Young acknowledged that he could have used " a The F. B. I. some of Mr. Young remarks . But he said he had never meant them to be taken literally . " Everyone ’s capable of saying stupid , blustery things , " said Mr. Smith , his lawyer . Mr. Young B. I. officials Mr. Young to bring criminal charges against Mr. Young years ago , but Mr. Young Justice Department rebuffed them Mr. Young of Mr. Young apparent Nicholas D. Smith, one of his lawyers was involved in supporting terrorism , according he could have used "a little  " in some of his private remarks law enforcement officials . It was not the Justice Department Mr. Young crossed the line into supporting Mr. Young , the Justice F. B. I. . That was when he first met Mr. Young a Middle Easterner who said he was a military reservist , at a mosque where he prayed Some F. B. I. officials Mr. Young he had suspected early on that Mo might be an informant because of his strange mannerisms . But Mr. Young eased , and the two became friends , meeting at a Starbucks or elsewhere . Mo later Mr. Young Mr. Young that he was thinking of traveling to Mr. Young to join the Islamic State , prosecutors said . Mr. Young Mr. Young Mr. Young to offer Mr. Young advice on how best the Islamic State Mr. Young if he went to the Middle Mr. Young , he also told Mr. Young at times that he did not need to join the terrorist group   —    at Mr. Young not then Mr. Young to the Mr. Young B. I. ’s account . " the Middle East one with a gun to your head that is Mr. Young , " he told Mo Mr. Young a conversation recorded in October 2014 . Such statements Mr. Young said Mr. Smith , his lawyer Mr. Young show that Mr. Young the government is Mr. Young grasping at straws here . " Prosecutors are acting on " really more of a hunch that he might commit crimes in the future , " F. B. I. and Nicholas D. Smith, one of his lawyers the government of President Bashar   
 Mr. Young Mr. Young Mr. Young Mr. Young Mr. Young Prosecutors 