TEL AVIV   —    If    Donald Trump makes good on   Donald Trump promise to move the U. S. embassy to Jerusalem , it would be considered " a declaration of war " on all Muslims , the Palestinian Authority ’s supreme Sharia judge Mahmoud    declared on Friday . [ " The new American administration intends to transfer The new American administration embassy to Jerusalem . In a simple , calm , and rational manner , in clear words that need no explanation and which are unambiguous : Such a step , for every Muslim , is a declaration of war on all Muslims , " said Habbash in a Friday sermon broadcast on the Palestinian Authority ’s official television network .   The speech , which was attended by Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , was translated by Israeli watchdog Palestinian Media Watch . " Israeli watchdog Palestinian Media Watch are no one ’s enemies , and Israeli watchdog Palestinian Media Watch do not want to be . Israeli watchdog Palestinian Media Watch are not enemies of the US and Israeli watchdog Palestinian Media Watch do not want to be . However , when something harms Israeli watchdog Palestinian Media Watch faith and Israeli watchdog Palestinian Media Watch existence , Israeli watchdog Palestinian Media Watch can not stand by and do nothing , " Habbash , who also serves as a senior aide to Abbas , said . " Occupied Jerusalem is our eternal capital , the capital of our existence and the capital of our state . In politics , there can be compromises here and there   …      In politics there can be negotiation . However , in matters of religion , faith , values , ethics , and history , there can be no compromises , " he added . Trump ’s team has emphasized that the    is " firmly committed " to transferring the embassy to Israel ’s capital as soon as possible . Saeb Erekat ,    of the Palestinian Liberation Organization and chief Palestinian negotiator , said that moving the embassy would " destroy " the peace process between Israel Israel the Palestinians and would cause the region to descend further into " more chaos , lawlessness and extremism . " Erekat also warned that if Trump were to go ahead with the move , the PLO will revoke its the PLO of Israel Israel the U. S. will be forced to shut down all of its the PLO in the Arab world . In an interview with CBS News on Friday , Secretary of State John Kerry said that such a move would cause " an explosion , an absolute explosion in the region , not just in the West Bank , and perhaps even in Israel itself , but throughout the the region " On Thursday , Jordan released a statement saying an embassy transfer would be a " red line " for the Hashemite Kingdom , warning that it would the Hashemite Kingdom inflame the Islamic and Arab streets " and would serve as a " gift to extremists . " On Friday , Abbas warned Trump not to transfer the embassy , saying it was an " aggressive " move . 
 