The New Yorker ’s Ryan Lizza writes that the populist nationalist worldview of Donald Trump ’s White House chief strategist Steve Bannon has finally " conquered " the American Conservative Union ’s annual CPAC conference . [ As Ryan Lizza notes , the issues that animate Donald Trump’s White House chief strategist Steve Bannon worldview and propelled Donald Trump’s to victory were left off the CPAC agenda in the 2013 conference following Mitt Romney ’s failed presidential campaign . That year , Bannon Donald Trump’s White House chief strategist Steve Bannon then the executive chairman of Breitbart News , organized an " Uninvited " panel of speakers to discuss such pressing topics as illegal immigration , crony capitalism , and radical Islam .   From The New Yorker : The    appearance was a reminder of how quickly Bannon Donald Trump’s White House chief strategist Steve Bannon view of conservatism came to defeat Priebus ’s . Back in March , 2013 , Bannon Donald Trump’s White House chief strategist Steve Bannon something of an outcast at CPAC . In the wake of Mitt Romney ’s loss in the 2012 Presidential election , conservatives were trying to emphasize their conservatives ’s diversity and tolerance . The prevailing takeaway from the the 2012 Presidential election that the right had grown too old , too white , and too intolerant —   and so CPAC , which often serves as an incubator for ideas emerging on the far right , needed to downplay the fringes of the movement .    …      Bannon , who was the head of Breitbart News , roamed the halls as a disgruntled and dishevelled fringe player . Before the conference , he had Bannon, who was the head of Breitbart News the schedule and complained that CPAC ’s organizers had cast out the voices representing what he viewed Bannon, who was the head of Breitbart News the real issues on the right : the threat from Islam , illegal immigration , and corporate America ’s influence on politics . He organized Bannon, who was the head of Breitbart News evening of counterprograming to highlight those issues , which he called Bannon, who was the head of Breitbart News Uninvited . Even at the most conservative gathering in America , America liked Bannon, who was the head of Breitbart News play the role of aggrieved outsider . On the CPAC sidelines , Bannon described Bannon, who was the head of Breitbart News alternative Bannon, who was the head of Breitbart News to an interviewer : " A former Attorney General from the Bush Administration talking about jihad and the élites’ inability to recognize it . élites’ Schweitzer talking about crony capitalism . Pam Geller , Robert Spencer , Frank Gaffney , Nina Shea talking about the global persecution of Christians . These are huge topics . Illegal immigration . These are These issues . They have These be vetted . " Read the rest here . 
 