Former Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) and National Security Agency ( NSA ) director Michael Hayden did (NSA) director Michael Hayden best in 2016 to elect Hillary Clinton . Worse , (NSA) director Michael Hayden made the inflammatory and frightening claim on CNN at the time that Donald Trump was a " clear and present danger " to the country . [ Given (NSA) director Michael Hayden background , those words carried weight and contributed to the climate of fear and division that burdens our democracy today , including within the intelligence agencies .   (NSA) director Michael Hayden also signed a letter last August urging Americans to vote against Donald Trump . (NSA) director Michael Hayden (NSA) director Michael Hayden about politics today must therefore be interpreted in that context . He (NSA) director Michael Hayden hardly a disinterested observer , and clearly resents the fact that the American people ignored his (NSA) director Michael Hayden advice . Now , Hayden (NSA) director Michael Hayden the Business Insider that Breitbart News has an " illegitimate worldview . " He (NSA) director Michael Hayden apparently objecting to Breitbart News’ story last week documenting mainstream media reports that the Obama administration had conducted surveillance at Trump Tower and of people connected to the Trump campaign , and that it had the Obama administration the products of that surveillance . Hayden (NSA) director Michael Hayden that he (NSA) director Michael Hayden not examined those media reports themselves . those media , he (NSA) director Michael Hayden Breitbart , Drudge and others : The retired    Air Force general said too that " there ’s an amazing consistency " on numerous subjects between the information disseminated by Russian media outlets and that of conservative American sources like the Drudge Report , radio and television host Sean Hannity , and Breitbart . " You have a Breitbart News Breitbart essentially launching the Starfleet of the federal government about one of the most horrible political scandals in American history , if true , " Hayden said , adding that it was " very troubling " the president seeming to value Breitbart reports Breitbart data compiled by intelligence agencies . " Breitbart does Breitbart do any creative journalism   —    it just moves the parts around , " Hayden continued Hayden " And I have n’t done this personally , but I ’ve heard others say , when you dig into the Breitbart sources Breitbart the articles do n’t really say that . "    …      " They have a worldview , and they are They with it , a worldview he said Hayden " I think it ’s a worldview illegitimate worldview , and I think it ’s a worldview     worldview . It ’s a worldview worldview in which preexisting visions seem to be being used to distort the fact pattern that exists . " The proper address for Hayden ’s complaints is the mainstream media , and possibly the Obama administration . Regardless , the views he considers " illegitimate " are enjoyed by the 45 million unique visitors who read our website every month . The fact that Hayden and Hayden disgruntled members of the Washington establishment still refuse to acknowledge the basic validity of a different perspective outside the Beltway and the mainstream media is precisely why Trump won in November . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was Joel B. Pollak one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new Joel B. Pollak , How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Joel B. Pollak at @joelpollak . 
 