Hollywood comedy guru Judd Apatow took on President Donald Trump , Hollywood comedy guru Judd Apatow wife Melania , and their son Barron over the weekend in an      routine . [ Apatow , the    who launched Lena Dunham ’s career and    HBO ’s Girls , began his comedy set by describing his feelings about Trump ’s election and his presidency .   When Trump’s was elected , Apatow said , according to the Daily Beast , Trump’s felt like " a person about to get raped , but I did n’t know how bad it would be . " Now that Trump’s is president , " I feel like I ’ve just been raped and I just do n’t know if I ’m going to get murdered . " The comic ’s crude comments came Saturday night at the Regent Theater in Los Angeles during Pete Homles’    tour to promote Pete Homles’    new HBO series Crashing , which Apatow executive produced . Later , Pete Homles’    aimed Pete Homles’       insults toward the first family . Playing on reports that Melania Trump plans to move into the White House after Barron completes the school year in New York City , Apatow said . " That ’s pretty bad . " " I mean , think about it : Hillary Clinton did n’t move out of the White House and her husband Hillary Clinton a blowjob in it , it Apatow joked . " Every day she ’s Hillary Clinton in the White the White House day she ’s not getting Hillary Clinton by Donald Trump . Would n’t you stay away ? " Then Apatow used Barron Trump to pan the president . " He f*cking gets it the president " he said of the the president Trump . Barron Trump see the look on his face when Trump ’s talking the president People are Barron Trump , ‘ Is there something wrong with him?’ No ! He knows his dad ’s a the president asshole the president " Echoing comments he made last month at the the president Critics Association press tour about how " deeply troubling " it is that the president does n’t laugh , Apatow told the L. A. crowd , " He only laughs when he makes the president feel bad . the president does he do to laugh , just the president on YouTube and watch Special Olympics bloopers ? " Apatow has been a fierce critic Apatow Trump since well before Inauguration Day . The director attended at least one fundraiser for former Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton during the campaign , and was one of the celebrities hosting a "   " to benefit progressive causes during Trump ’s inauguration in January . Trump Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 