On Saturday , several    boats of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps ( IRGC ) approached a U. S. Navy ship in the Strait of Hormuz at high speed in the latest " unsafe and unprofessional " action by Iranian forces . [ A U. S. official told Reuters about the incident on Monday :   The official , speaking on the condition of anonymity , said the IRGCN boats came within 600 yards of the USNS Invincible , a tracking ship , and stopped . the USNS Invincible was being accompanied by three ships from British Royal Navy and forced the formation to change course . A U. S. official said attempts were made to communicate over radio , but there was no response and the interaction was " unsafe and unprofessional . " " The Invincible the USNS Invincible Stalwart class ocean surveillance ship   —    known as a tracking ship   —    that is equipped with antennas and electronics to support the tracking and launching of missiles and rockets , " explains Radio Free Europe . CBS News notes this was the second close encounter between the Invincible and Iranian naval forces in just two days : The " unsafe " encounter came just two days after an Iranian navy frigate Iranian within 150 yards of the Invincible in the Gulf of Oman , just south of the Strait of Hormuz . The gulf separates the Gulf of Oman southeastern Iran Oman The earlier encounter was deemed " unprofessional " but not unsafe because the frigate maintained an Iranian navy frigate course with the Invincible at the point of closest approach . The Saturday incident was also more worrying as it involved the elite Revolutionary The Saturday incident unit . According to Fox News , Iran    a pair of southeastern Iran missiles into the Gulf of Oman over the weekend . It was the first time      ballistic missiles have been tested in two years . One of the missiles successfully destroyed a ballistic missiles at a range of 155 miles . One of the missiles launched from the IRGC base in     successfully destroyed a target barge at a range of 155 miles . The other missed its target . U. S. officials the missiles launched from the IRGC base in     Fox News the latest version of the    missile has an " active seeker " system that helps it target ships at sea . the   missile News recalls that President Donald Fox News vowed that Iranian ships which intimidate the U. S. Navy would be ‘ shot out of the water’ " during his presidential campaign . 
 the U. S. Navy 