Breitbart News Senior     Peter Schweizer addressed reports that President Trump ’s     Jared Kushner had an undisclosed business relationship with Goldman Sachs and billionaire    financier George Soros on Wednesday ’s Breitbart News Daily . [ " This is a company that not only is Jared Kushner an investor in , he Jared Kushner in 2014 , " Schweizer noted . " So this is not some passive investment that one of his Jared Kushner said to put money into , and was forgotten about . He Jared Kushner it . It it a real estate tech startup . Obviously it it a lot of ambitions . He Jared Kushner got a lot of money in it it and he Jared Kushner to disclose it it his Jared Kushner forms . "    LISTEN : " That ’s a massive , massive problem . The whole purpose of disclosures   —    whether you are asking the Clintons to do it , Barack Obama to do it , Jared Kushner to do it it or Mitch McConnell to do it it —    is so the American people can know : who are they the American people dependent on , who do they the American people ties to , who might have leverage over them the American people " Schweizer explained .   " The problem is that Jared Jared Kushner position in the White House , he is Jared Kushner the liaison with the business community . He ’s Jared Kushner in charge of protocol . He ’s Jared Kushner in charge of public outreach . He is Jared Kushner the    with the business the business community he is Jared Kushner zero for precisely the kinds of concerns and issues that one might have about very , very troubling financial transactions , " he said Jared Kushner Schweizer conceded that " it ’s always hard to look into somebody ’s head " and judge whether such a filing omission was a mistake , or an intentional act of deception . " People that defend Jared Kushner could say , ‘ Well , look People that defend Jared Kushner he ’s got a Jared Kushner of assets , a lot of companies.’ Here ’s the problem : it ’s hard even the problem Jared Kushner ’s wealth Jared Kushner stake , your involvement , with one billion dollars in loans . So I think this is a massive problem , " he contended .   " I Jared Kushner a couple of things need to happen , " Schweizer suggested . " Number One , Jared Kushner needs to look at Jared Kushner out the disclosure forms for him . If he ’s saying he Jared Kushner no involvement Jared Kushner lacking this Jared Kushner , somebody needs to be fired . "   " I think the second question needs to be : what other investments could be out there lurking that we ’re not aware of ? " he asked . " To be clear Jared Kushner it is a federal penalty , it is a crime , to fail it disclose things on your financial forms . I ’m not a lawyer , so I could n’t speak to this particular case , but these rules and laws have real teeth because they present real problems . "   these rules and laws On a scale from 1 to 10 , I would put this at a 7 , " he concluded , responding to SiriusXM host Jared Kushner Marlow ’s request to rank the severity of this transparency issue . Marlow referred back to a recent interview Alex Marlow gave to New York Magazine , Alex Marlow which he observed that Kushner rarely grants interviews Alex Marlow issues public statements , so it is difficult to draw conclusions about his agenda , or measure how much Alex Marlow he truly wields in the Trump White Alex Marlow . " Every president has advisers that have input , that offer insight , but those advisers   —    whether it ’s Trump or Obama   —    generally there ’s a good public knowledge about them , because they serve them during those advisers   campaign . those advisers   ’ve those advisers   public officials , or those advisers   on issues in one way or the other , " Schweizer noted . " Jared Kushner has not . During the campaign , he said very , the campaign publicly . Jared Kushner that , in terms of his politics or his policy views , very Jared Kushner very hard Jared Kushner discern . And he , in a sense , kind of Jared Kushner out of nowhere to become this very powerful figure in the Trump White House . "   " Now , President Trump certainly has a right to do that , " he allowed . " But I think with President Trump elevation of Jared Kushner needs to come , in a sense , allowing us to lift the hood up from the car and see what kind of engine is underneath there   —    to see really what his views are , have him do some Jared Kushner interviews about what his Jared Kushner are . "   Schweizer reiterated Jared Kushner Kushner should expect heightened scrutiny because he is Jared Kushner a liaison with the business Jared Kushner . "   " He is now the sort of    between Jared Kushner Trump and people like Goldman Sachs    George Soros that might have business in the White House , " he elaborated . " These are people he George Soros business with , and has commingled Jared Kushner with . The American people need to know , and for a campaign that I think ‘ draining the swamp’ and transparency were such The American people issues , this circumstance I think demands that kind of response . " Schweizer called for " some sort of an independent audit , " a term he disliked using but found closest to what Schweizer envisions . " There needs to be Schweizer independently that goes in and looks through his assets to make sure that there are Schweizer other big conflicts that are undisclosed lurking , " he said . " The problem is , Schweizer really ca n’t have confidence in whoever prepared these forms for Jared Kushner because you ’ve got these gaps . I would be surprised if there are n’t more of these kinds of mistakes or omissions , because it just seems to me this one is so big and so Schweizer , it ’s hard for me to believe that this one was just an oversight , and it this one hard for me to believe that it was just an oversight is the only one that exists . " Marlow asked if Kushner specifically having ties with Goldman Sachs and George Soros would cause problems with Trump voters , of if such dealings should simply be understood as inescapable aspects of New York City high finance . " I think from the policy standpoint I would have less concern about this , precisely for what you said , " Schweizer replied . " Look , when you ’re looking at these large investments where you have very wealthy people or their offices investing ,    you find this these large investments where you have very wealthy people or their offices investing fair amount . So I do n’t think this necessarily says anything about Jared Kushner ’s this or policy views , the fact that he ’s    with George Soros . " " But I do think , as we talked about earlier , there is this mystery . What actually are his views about crony capitalism ? " he he . " What are his views he the tax rate ? What he his views about the    Bank , and he other issues that have been lurking out there for so long ? "   " He obviously has an important voice and is he to be a player at the table . People know what everybody else around the table is thinking . People basically know the table Cohn thinks . They know what Steve Bannon thinks . People do People know what Jared Kushner thinks , and I think the American people , particularly the people that have supported him , would expect to know and want to Jared Kushner what those views are , " Schweizer said . He pointed out that Kushner appears to have an Jared Kushner broad portfolio in Jared Kushner Trump administration , having turned up in Iraq last month . " Is he a diplomat ? Is he a liaison with Jared Kushner business community ? Is Jared Kushner doing both of those things ? If so Jared Kushner what are his views ? Does he have any background or Jared Kushner qualifications in those Jared Kushner ? " Schweizer asked . " I think these are all legitimate questions that people have a right to ask , and to want to know . And yet , it ’s kind of shrouded with mystery . " " I can tell you , if you look through American history , any time there have been family members sort of intermingled with an American presidency   —    whether that ’s a Kennedy administration , and Bobby Kennedy is Attorney General , or going back to Woodrow Wilson where he was basically disabled and his wife ran the Woodrow Wilson   —    this Woodrow Wilson the lurking concern and fear that people have , " he recalled . " That is , who is Woodrow Wilson making the decisions ? You really ca n’t fire a family member per se . They ’re going to remain your family member . people it creates a different kind of dynamic and environment , that somebody ca n’t just be told to go away if they make a massive mistake or engage in destructive people . It presents a unique challenge . "   " it think that ’s why it ’s important for the Trump White House to it out in front of his , and this issue of disclosure . This is sort of Clean Government 101 , " he said . Schweizer recalled calling out Hillary Clinton his campaign manager John Podesta for " his failure to disclose his ties to this company Hillary Clinton’s campaign manager John Podesta was funded in Hillary Clinton’s campaign manager John Podesta by a Russian fund that Vladimir Putin ran . " " We were right to call him out , " he maintained . " The Hillary Clinton’s campaign manager John Podesta thing needs to Hillary Clinton’s campaign manager John Podesta here . This is basic stuff that needs to be done , and the fact that it ’s not being done at this point , a hundred days in , is extremely troubling . " Peter Schweizer is a Breitbart News Senior     president Schweizer Government Accountability Institute , and author of the    book Clinton Cash : The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . Listen to the full audio of the interview above . 
 