GLEN ELDER , Kan.   —    Doug Palen , a    grain farmer on Kansas’    plains , is in the business of understanding the climate . Since 2012 , GLEN ELDER, Kan.  —   Doug Palen, a   grain farmer on Kansas’   plains has choked through the harshest drought to hit the Great Plains in a century , punctuated by freakish snowstorms and suffocating gales of dust . GLEN ELDER, Kan.  —   Doug Palen, a   grain farmer on Kansas’   plains planting season starts earlier in the spring and pushes deeper into winter . To adapt , GLEN ELDER, Kan.  —   Doug Palen, a   grain farmer on Kansas’   plains has embraced an environmentally conscious way of farming that guards against soil erosion and conserves precious water . GLEN ELDER, Kan.  —   Doug Palen, a   grain farmer on Kansas’   plains can talk for hours about carbon sequestration   —    the trapping of     gases in plant life and in the soil   —    or the science of the beneficial microbes that enrich GLEN ELDER, Kan.  —   Doug Palen, a   grain farmer on Kansas’   plains land . In short , GLEN ELDER, Kan.  —   Doug Palen, a   grain farmer on Kansas’   plains is a climate change realist . Just do n’t expect GLEN ELDER, Kan.  —   Doug Palen, a   grain farmer on Kansas’   plains to utter the words " climate change . " " If politicians want to exhaust politicians debating the climate , that ’s politicians choice , " Mr. Palen said , walking through fields of freshly planted winter wheat . " I have a farm to run . " Here in    Kansas , America ’s breadbasket and conservative heartland , the economic realities of agriculture make climate change a critical business issue . At the same time , politics and social pressure make frank discussion complicated . This is wheat country , and Donald J. Trump country , and though the weather is acting up , the conservative orthodoxy maintains that the science is n’t settled . So while climate change is part of daily conversation , it gets disguised as something else . " People are all talking about it , without talking about it , " said Miriam Horn , the author of a recent book on conservative Americans and the environment , " Rancher , Farmer , Fisherman . " " It ’s become such a charged topic that there ’s a navigation people do . " Mr. Palen   —    Mr. Palen  —    plays Mr. Palen  —    politics close to Mr. Palen  —    vest but allows that Mr. Palen  —    did n’t vote for Hillary Clinton   —    and others here in Glen Elder and across the state illustrate the delicate dance . Farmers like Mr. Palen  —    focus on practical issues like erosion or dwindling aquifers . " When you do n’t get the rainfall , it ’s tough times , " Mr. Palen  —    said . Regional politicians and business leaders speak of pursuing jobs that clean energy may create , rather than pressing the need to rein in carbon emissions . A science teacher at a community college   —    whose deeply religious students sometimes express doubts about the trustworthiness of science that contradicts biblical teachings   —    speaks to A science teacher at a community college  —    class about the positives of scientific discovery ( electricity ) in order to ease into more contentious subjects ( global warming ) . And an editor for a closely followed agriculture magazine , Successful Farming , recently made a controversial move , drawing a flurry of angry letters : A science teacher at a community college  —    broke with longstanding policy to address climate change   . " Some readers thanked us , " the editor Gil Gullickson said . " But some wondered whether us ’d been hijacked by avid environmentalists . " The climate has not always been such a partisan issue . Richard Nixon , a Republican president , set up the Environmental Protection Agency and signed the Clean Air Act . Ronald Reagan ushered in the Montreal Protocol , the first global treaty to protect the global atmosphere . Much of that consensus has broken down , in no small part because of a    push by    interests , together with influential Republican allies , to attack    research on topics like global warming and push back on environmental regulation . a   push by   interests, together with influential Republican allies, to attack   research on topics like global warming and push back on environmental regulation began in earnest during the George W. Bush administration as attempts to undercut the Clean Air Act , and since then , the divide has widened . President Trump has famously said he President Trump that climate change is a hoax invented by the Chinese , and his President Trump purged nearly all mention of    programs from the White House and State Department websites . It has the White House and State Department websites ordered a freeze on federal grant spending at the E. P. A. and other government agencies . The fact that the    discourse has also become dominated by liberals has alienated some conservatives , including Mr. Palen . Many people here in particular resent how , in the polarized political landscape of recent years , conservative Americans have been painted as hostile to the environment . The Trump campaign successfully seized on that schism , painting Democrats as overzealous environmentalists with little sympathy for the economic realities or social mores of rural America . " Many of our federal environmental laws are being used to oppress farmers instead of actually helping the environment , " Mr. Trump Trump a widely circulated Q. and A. on FarmFutures . com . " Farmers care more for the environment than the radical environmentalists . " Still , " it would be a huge mistake to think people voting for Trump were voting Trump the environment , " Ms. Horn said . If Trump follows an Trump    agenda , she said , Ms. Horn there will be a big backlash in the heartland . " In many ways , Mr. Palen sees himself as the Mr. Palen conservationist . His    the Mr. Palen of an immigrant from Luxembourg , was the first to farm in this stretch of    Kansas . Mr. Palen grew Mr. Palen the farm , took it over in his 20s , and Mr. Palen to make his mark . In Mr. Palen , he learned of a Mr. Palen technique called " no till , " which is intended to more closely mimic the natural prairie ecosystem , and was intrigued by its promise to protect no family fields from Mr. Palen relentless winds and sudden downpours . The idea behind    farming , he now explains to Mr. Palen who will listen , is that plowing the soil destroys its natural structure , the soil it to lose its the soil moisture and the soil . That makes it vulnerable to erosion the soil Mr. Palen ’s fields are n’t tilled . There are no neat furrows . The residue of plants from previous plantings still carpets the earth , offering a layer of protection , and his fields are never Mr. Palen’s fields after harvest . He alternates wheat and Mr. Palen’s crops with what he describes as a Mr. Palen’s of grasses and leafy plants , like grain sorghum , sunflowers and alfalfa , a gesture toward the diversity of the wild prairie . " They say there ’s more organisms in a handful of soil than people on the planet , " Mr. Palen said , making his way through a field Mr. Palen plantings . He stooped his tall frame Mr. Palen , Mr. Palen up a clump of earth , and rolled it earth his fingers . his tall frame is Mr. Palen yet when Mr. Palen talks of the earth Mr. Palen his excitement earth . Mr. Palen See how it ’s firm and holds together    " he said . " See Mr. Palen it does n’t break down into    ? "    farming addresses a dire problem    American farmers : Almost 1 . 7 billion tons of topsoil are blown or washed off croplands a year , according to the Department of Agriculture , resulting in billions of dollars in losses for farmers . Keeping the soil healthy Farmers covered also reduces evaporation by 80 percent , helping farmers conserve water , the department estimates . Farmers like the Department of Agriculture also happen to be protecting a vast and valuable carbon sink , making him an ally to    campaigners . Mr. Palen soil traps far more carbon in its depths than all plant and animal life on the earth ’s surface , scientists estimate . A 2013 study estimated that    and other restorative farming methods could achieve up to 15 percent of the total carbon reduction needed to stabilize the climate . Despite his conservationist streak , Mr. Palen has no affinity for environmentalists . He feels vilified , he says , Mr. Palen his continued use Mr. Palen chemical herbicides and Mr. Palen . ( Some organic farmers control weeds by tilling the soil , which Mr. Palen argues causes more ecological harm Mr. Palen And he remains suspicious of any expansion of government Mr. Palen that ignore realities of rural America . " We want to be left alone , " Mr. Palen said . He singled out the Mr. Palen Rule , an Mr. Palen P. A. regulation designed to protect streams and other waterways , as regulatory overreach . Washington types wanted to dictate what he could do with every creek , every puddle Mr. Palen on his farm , he said , putting impossible burdens Mr. Palen farmers . Mr. Palen most of them had probably never spent any time on a farmers , he said . " We ’re the ones working Mr. Palen protect the environment . We ’re the ones whose lives are tied to We earth . " Carl Priesendorf , a science teacher at Metropolitan Community Mr. Priesendorf completely alienating climate skeptics . He teaches geology and meteorology . Those subjects would usually be innocuous , but not here . " I ’d show the CO2 Mr. Priesendorf   —    how we ’d had the hottest year on record , " Mr. Priesendorf said . " But I get students who basically say what I ’m teaching is nonsense . My car ’s been keyed . I get notes from students saying they ’re praying for my soul . " One such note that he shared reads , " Know that God ’s love surpasses knowledge . " Since a particularly contentious debate in class   — Mr. Priesendorf a student threw a book bag at him , he said   —    Mr. Priesendorf has taken a step back to focus on the everyday positives of science . a student I a student : ‘ Do you Mr. Priesendorf light bulb ? Do you like electricity?’ That ’s science , " he said . " Then I ease into more contentious topics , like climate change . " That is science . A Mr. Priesendorf survey found that just 8 percent of farmers in the Midwest believed that " climate change is occurring , and it is caused mostly by human activities . " An earlier Pew Research Center poll found that only 48 percent of people in the Midwest agree climate change the statement that there is " solid evidence that the average temperature on earth has been getting warmer , " a number the Midwest regions in the country . And conservatives have earth back against classroom standards adopted by the state of Kansas that treat evolution and climate change as scientific concepts . Last year , the United States Supreme Court declined to review a nonprofit group ’s lawsuit that claimed that those standards promote atheism . But now , under a Trump administration , Mr. Priesendorf felt science itself was under fire . " If even your government starts telling your country that scientists are lying to you , Mr. Priesendorf be even tougher for science teachers , " he said . " I ’m going to focus on keeping my students’ minds open to the possibility that the science is correct . " Annie Mr. Priesendorf , a Democrat and    advocate in the    Statehouse and a member of the State Utilities Committee , has for years pushed for more renewable energy Ms. Kuether St. Louis native who landed in Topeka as a young bride four decades ago , Ms. Kuether is used to working alongside adversaries . Her county voted for Mr. Trump President Trump with all but two counties in the state . She has sat through committee meetings where climate skeptics , including the discredited scientist    Soon , blasted the science behind global warming . " Carbon Dioxide , CO2 , is merely Ms. Kuether bit player in climate change , " reads one slide Mr. Soon presented in 2013 . Ms. Kuether Rising CO2 is largely beneficial to plant and human life . " " I remember being horrified , " Ms. Kuether said . Still , over the years , she has forged powerful business alliances by focusing , in her arguments , on jobs and the economy . She has also found increasing support from farmers and landowners who count on wind turbines and solar panels they host Ms. Kuether property for income . " Gradually , from a Ms. Kuether standpoint , you can build a constituency that benefits Ms. Kuether this industry , " said Mark Lawlor , Ms. Kuether ally and an executive at Clean Line Energy Partners , which is building a     transmission line farmers and landowners who count on wind turbines and solar panels deliver 4 farmers and landowners who count on wind turbines and solar panels 000 megawatts of wind power from western Kansas to Missouri , Illinois Kansas other neighboring states . " Just like grain , cattle , airplanes , wind ’s another valuable resource Kansas can export , " he said , referring to Kansas’ sizable agricultural industry , as well as the Cessna Aircraft Company , which is based in Wichita , Kan. Kansas Kansas has a lot of pragmatic folks here , and we recognize benefits . " Kansas’ dwindling water sources have been another issue that Ms. Kuether has found strikes a Kansas among voters here , whatever their beliefs on climate change . That has helped to build some support for measures to save the state ’s shrinking aquifers , a lifeline for communities in western Kansas , though not yet any decisive action . Ms. Kuether , her focus on the practical is a big part of voters has kept getting her elected , she Kansas , in a State Legislature where she is outnumbered by Republican lawmakers , two to one . " I western Kansas felt that families have always been concerned about water   — Ms. Kuether whether they ’re Democratic , Republican or independent , " she said . Ms. Kuether Gullickson of Ms. Kuether Farming , who usually writes about topics Ms. Kuether pigweed , gypsum and runoff , has started to push the envelope on debates over climate change . An    veteran of the magazine , where he is families crops technology editor , Mr. Gullickson said Ms. Kuether had long been on the fence about climate change . But that began changing five years ago , when he attended a workshop where a University of Kentucky professor gave a convincing argument , backed by data . " I started looking at the evidence , at Ms. Kuether and what Ms. Kuether were doing , " he said . " And it ’s clear : The weather has become more extreme Ms. Kuether days . And I thought , ‘ I ’ve never heard of any successful business publication that stayed in business by withholding information . ’ " So for data time in the storied magazine ’s Ms. Kuether history , a cover story squarely addressed the science of climate change . The October 2014 piece was published under the headline , " @#$*% Weather ! " " I know what you ’re thinking : Climate change is just some figment of Al Gore ’s imagination adopted by liberal    who want to tank the U. S. economy , " Mr. Gullickson wrote . " Still , think back over some rough weather you ’ve endured in recent years and ask yourself these questions , " he continued . " Are springs getting wetter ? Are droughts increasing in severity ? Are rainstorms increasing in intensity ? " The clear answer , Ms. Kuether : " Yes . " Mr. Gullickson said that he and his editor had held lengthy discussions leading up to the article ’s publication . His editor Al Gore’s chief , Dave Kurns , was supportive , he said , but also warned that the piece could generate backlash . Mr. Kurns spoke candidly Al Gore’s concerns of a backlash Ms. Kuether editor ’s note Ms. Kuether led Ms. Kuether issue . When he became the magazine ’s editor two years earlier , Ms. Kuether said Mr. Kurns Never use Ms. Kuether words ‘ climate change . ’ " " The October 2014 piece told : ‘ Readers hate that phrase . Just talk about the weather,’ " he wrote . The industry publication , which has a circulation of 390 , 000 , was Mr. Kurns by some of the biggest names in agriculture taking Mr. Kurns stand on Mr. Kurns issue , Mr. Gullickson said . The agricultural giant Cargill has started to lobby members of Congress and urged farmers to take climate change seriously , saying inaction would be detrimental to Mr. Kurns United States economy . The response to the magazine ’s take on the issues has been split . " When you start quoting Ms. Kuether scientists’ and the United Nations the issue wrote in one reader , Bill Clinger , a farmer based in Harpster , Ohio , " you are as nutty as the economy Measures to control emissions , he said , " are just seductive names for socialist programs intended the magazine people and businesses . " Mr. Gullickson said some readers thanked him . " Finally , a farming magazine comes to terms with what is going on with the weather , " wrote Paul Jereczek of Dodge , Al Gore’s by phone , Mr. Jereczek , who runs Al Gore’s dairy farm , expressed exasperation at people ’s inability to speak Ms. Kuether " The phrase has become Ms. Kuether politicized , it ’s just hard to talk about , " he said . " But we talk about everything else . Even round here , protecting soil is such a hot topic right now . But we talk about the soil , saving fertilizer , that sort of thing . " Mark Salvo , vice president at the wildlife conservation group Defenders of Wildlife , might Ms. Kuether a walking , talking stereotype The phrase the kind of environmentalist who so frustrates Mr. Palen . An Oregonian now based in Washington , he Mr. Palen years in the American West fighting to Washington fish and wildlife on public lands . we Mr. Salvo soil knows an unlikely   —    and highly sympathetic   —    character to bring Kansans and others together around climate change : the lesser   . Known for its shock of yellow hair and bright orange cheeks , the lesser    once roamed the Great Plains . Today , An Oregonian now based in Washington , the grouse is under threat   —    its populations reduced to isolated pockets in western Kansas Mark Salvo and the Mark Salvo Mexico border as its habitat succumbs to    drought , farming , drilling and other human activity . The group has been petitioning the Fish Kansas Wildlife Service to relist the lesser    as a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act . The bird found itself taken off the list after a lawsuit in 2014 backed by the oil the grouse gas industry , which argues that any protective measures would mean added costs for energy developers the grouse Mr. Salvo has found that to gain allies it does n’t always help to its populations reduced to isolated pockets in western Kansas, Colorado and the   Mexico border as its habitat succumbs to   drought, farming, drilling and other human activity the role climate change plays in harming the bird ’s habitat . Instead , his movement has tried to find common ground , highlighting its populations reduced to isolated pockets in western Kansas, Colorado and the   Mexico border as its habitat succumbs to   drought, farming, drilling and other human activity heritage of its populations reduced to isolated pockets in western Kansas, Colorado and the   Mexico border as its habitat succumbs to   drought, farming, drilling and other human activity lesser   . In the " Little House on the Prairie " novels , Laura Ingalls Wilder wrote about eating    mush . Mr. Salvo also stresses how    Mark Salvo be good for farming , too , backing a federal program that provides financial aid to private landowners who adopt those practices . Leaving its populations reduced to isolated pockets in western Kansas, Colorado and the   Mexico border as its habitat succumbs to   drought, farming, drilling and other human activity standing after harvest Mark Salvo the birds food and places to hide , for example , while also helping farmers protect the soil . " Sometimes , to gain allies , it helps to focus on issues of common concern , to Mark Salvo economic development as well as species conservation    " he said . " It helps everybody come to the table . " Last week , Mr. Palen , the farmer , was again talking weather   —    if not climate change   —    at a conference of    farmers   in Salina , Kan. Sessions included " Using Your Water Efficiently , " " Making Weather Work for You in 2017 " and " Building Healthy Soil With Mob Grazing , " a practice that helps to fertilize the land . And yes , Mr. Palen says , he is on board with saving the lesser Mr. Palen " I often Mr. Palen of ways I can protect their habitat , " he said . " I enjoy wildlife . " 
 Mr. Palen 