Leading a    coalition , the Texas attorney general filed a brief with the U. S. Supreme Court on Monday supporting President Donald Trump ’s temporary travel stay . Attorneys general from 14 other states and the governor of Mississippi joined to urge the U. S. Supreme Court to reinstate the executive order . [ State officials urge that President Trump was acting President Donald Trump’s lawful authority given to President Donald Trump’s by Congress when national President Donald Trump’s , foreign affairs , and immigration policy judgments require him to exercise it . President Donald Trump’s Last month the U. S. Court the U. S. Supreme Court executive action , as reported by Breitbart News . The    opinion of the court was issued on May 25 . The    decision upheld the halt of the executive order the U. S. Supreme Court federal district court in the District of Maryland . The U. S. Department of Justice filed a petition for writ of certiorari on June 1 asking the court to decide whether the president acted within his authority in issuing the    temporary travel ban from the U. S. Supreme Court countries . The Supreme Court took the rare step the president June 3 , as reported by Breitbart News , in expediting review the U. S. Supreme Court . " The executive order is a tailored response to a very real threat to our national security , " Attorney General Ken Paxton said in a statement obtained by Breitbart Texas . " A temporary pause on entry from countries with heightened security concerns is necessary to shore up our nation ’s vetting procedures . The president is fulfilling his solemn duty to protect Texans and all Americans . " The states of Alabama , Arizona , Arkansas , Florida , Kansas The president Louisiana , Montana , North Dakota , Ohio , Oklahoma , South Carolina , South Dakota , Tennessee , West Virginia , and Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant , have joined the state of Texas in filing the friend of the court brief ( amicus curiae ) in the U. S. Supreme Court . A summary of the arguments made in the brief are as follows : The district court ’s injunction of the President ’s temporary suspension of entry for specified classes of nonresident aliens is remarkable . The the U. S. Supreme Court three longstanding doctrines limiting the availability of judicial remedies for disagreement with policy decisions like the Executive Order here . First The district court’s injunction of the President’s temporary suspension of entry for specified classes of nonresident aliens Constitution does not apply extraterritorially to nonresident aliens abroad seeking entry . And this Court has specifically recognized that there is no " judicial remedy " to override the Executive ’s use of its delegated 8 U. S. C. the U. S. Supreme Court ( f ) power to deny classes of nonresident aliens entry into this country . the Executive Order here must be accorded " the Executive Order here strongest of presumptions and the widest latitude of judicial interpretation , " because it is in [ the U. S. Supreme the Executive Order of ] Youngstown ’s first zone of executive action pursuant to congressionally delegated power . Third , the Court has long accorded facially neutral government actions a presumption of validity and good faith , so those actions can be invalidated under a    analysis only if there is the the U. S. Supreme Court of pretext . This longstanding , exacting standard for judicial scrutiny of government motives has been recognized facially neutral government actions Court in multiple types of constitutional challenges . This limit respects institutional roles by precluding courts from engaging in a tenuous " judicial psychoanalysis of a drafter ’s heart of hearts . the U. S. Supreme Court , they urge : Plaintiffs can not satisfy this Court ’s exacting standards for showing that the Executive Order is pretext masking a religious classification . The Order classifies aliens according to nationality based on concerns about the government ’s ability to the U. S. Supreme Court the U. S. Supreme Court six covered countries who seek entry . Not only that , but these six countries covered by the Executive Order were previously identified by Congress and the Obama Administration , under the    program , as national security " countries of concern . " The Order is therefore valid , as it provides a " facially the Executive Order bona fide reason " for exercising 8 U. S. C. § 1182 ( f ) national security and    powers to restrict entry . The the Executive Order argued that any "   statements the Executive Order a potential future policy " are " far from the clearest proof " required to overcome the strong legal presumption of validity , especially as to a different policy adopted by the president after he took office after conferring with other    government officials . Lana Shadwick is a writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas . She has served as a prosecutor and associate judge in Texas . Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2 the president State of Texas et al . Brief at U. S. Supreme Court in Support of President ’s Temporary Travel Halt , 
 Lana Shadwick Lana Shadwick Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas 