A     staffer for Rep. Dana Rohrabacher ( ) was knocked unconscious by    protesters as A    staffer for Rep. Dana Rohrabacher ( ) attempted to leave A    staffer for Rep. Dana Rohrabacher ( ) office , according to a report from CBS Los Angeles . [ Kathleen Staunton , who works as Rohrabacher ’s district director , had the door of A    staffer for Rep. Dana Rohrabacher ( ) Huntington Beach office yanked open in front of A    staffer for Rep. Dana Rohrabacher ( ) as A    staffer for Rep. Dana Rohrabacher ( ) tried to leave , causing A    staffer for Rep. Dana Rohrabacher ( ) to trip , hit A    staffer for Rep. Dana Rohrabacher ( ) head , and fall unconscious . A     girl also got caught up in the incident , but thankfully was not harmed .   In a statement , Rohrabacher said that Rohrabacher was " outraged beyond words that protesters who mobbed my Huntington Beach office violently knocked down my faithful district director , Kathleen Staunton , causing her A    girl be hospitalized . " " And , yes , deliberate or not , the the incident as part of a mob action that not only intimidates but coerces . Though the protesters protesters who mobbed my Huntington Beach office themselves as idealists protesters who mobbed my Huntington Beach office they engaged in protesters who mobbed my Huntington Beach office thuggery , pure and simple , " Rohrabacher continued . Rohrabacher Outraged by Assault on his District Director by ‘ Indivisible’ Mob https :   .    —    Dana Rohrabacher ( @RepRohrabacher ) February 15 , 2017 ,   The protests were organized by a group known as Indivisible OC , whose stated aim is to " resist against the Trump agenda . " However , the group failed a group known as Indivisible OC responsibility for the injury , instead claiming they were handing out a group known as Indivisible OC Day cards . Regarding the " tussle " at @DanaRohrabacher ’s office : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Indivisible OC ( @indivisible_oc ) February 15 , 2017 ,   " When Megan Blash and her     daughter , Megan Blash , arrived at Rep. Dana Rohrabacher ’s office to hand deliver a Valentine ’s Day card , they were met with the group shut and locked door , " the group said in a statement . " Rep. Rohrabacher ’s disdain Rep. Dana Rohrabacher constituents led to Lola sliding her card under his door Lola which led Rep. Dana Rohrabacher a staffer accidentally opening the door on Lola ’s head and the Lola    ‘ tussle,’ " they continued . The police did not make any arrests . You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . com Ben Kew 