A short investigation was launched after a Travis County judge wore a pink , knitted " pussy hat " in a Travis County judge courtroom late in January causing , some to doubt a Travis County judge impartiality from the bench . [ Travis County Judge Sarah Eckhardt started her Travis County Judge Sarah Eckhardt on January 24 by putting on the pink knitted hat that has become associated with the Women ’s March protests   held the day after Donald J. Trump took the oath of office to become the 45th president of the United States .   The Travis County Judge Sarah Eckhardt shocking partisanship was first noted by Reddit users and soon caused residents to quiz Texas authorities as to whether or not a sitting judge is allowed to wear partisan political paraphernalia on the bench . Travis County Travis County Judge Sarah Eckhardt Pussy Hat " During Court Hearings . could you expect to have a fair trial especially as a man if you saw this ? pic . twitter .    —    Joe Biggs ( @Rambobiggs ) January 30 , 2017 ,   Local Austin TV station KVUE claimed that several county officials told them that Eckhardt did several county officials break any rules other than that of propriety .   Eckhardt has been known Eckhardt a liberal , activist judge in the past . In June of last year , Eckhardt used a naturalization Eckhardt to attack Donald Trump , the Second Amendment of the U. S. Constitution , and the death penalty . At one point during the ceremony , the a naturalization ceremony the newly sworn citizens to register to vote so they could vote against Donald the newly sworn citizens . Her bald attempt to politicize the ceremony rankled some participants a naturalization ceremony October of 2015 , Eckhardt met with activists Eckhardt illegal aliens who were seeking help to quash a lawsuit filed by the state of Texas against the Obama administration over its executive amnesty program that would the Obama administration up to five million illegal aliens to remain in the United States without fear of deportation . Also in October , Eckhardt insisted that the Eckhardt ’s lawsuit was only the state of Texas wish to play politics with peoples’ lives " and that Travis County ’s economy was a success only because it is " built on immigration . " Follow Warner Todd Travis County’s economy on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 