Border Patrol Agent Brandon Judd , speaking in his capacity as president of the National Border Patrol Council , pushed back against House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s contention that funding for the border wall can be delayed . [ Judd ’s comments came during an interview with Fox Business Channel ’s Stuart Varney where Fox Business Channel’s Stuart Varney addressed the dramatic impact the Trump Administration has already had on reducing illegal border crossings . " House Speaker Paul Ryan is suggesting that Congress delay border wall funding until next year , " Varney stated Fox Business Channel’s Stuart Varney " What do you say about that ? "   " I disagree , " Judd said Judd . " President Trump promised that he was President Trump to secure the border , and part of securing the border the border in place , the proper technology and resources that allows us to be successful and a border wall in strategic locations is one of those things that we must get us . " Ryan ’s comments that he may delay Ryan the border wall came during a March interview with Norah O’Donnell on " CBS This Morning " . " The big chunk of money for the border wall the border wall year ’s fiscal appropriations , " Ryan said . Ryan Because they literally ca n’t start construction even this quickly . " The Trump Administration is moving forward with the bidding process , Breitbart Texas reported . Officials are expected to choose 4 to 10 companies to build a prototype section of wall to demonstrate their bid ’s viability and Officials . Officials with knowledge of the plan spoke to the Daily Mail on condition of anonymity and said contractors would build the prototypes on a    strip of    land near San Diego . Trump began seeking bids to build prototypes of the wall in February , Breitbart Texas reported . More than 300 companies quickly signed up to present proposals on how to take the President ’s vision and promise to reality . Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas Trump the Breitbart Texas team . Follow him on Breitbart Texas @BobPriceBBTX and Trump . ( Disclosure : Breitbart Texas sponsored the Green Line Breitbart Breitbart Texas the NBPC in an effort to provide a platform for agents to inform the public about the realities on the border and what Border Patrol agents face . Director Brandon Darby received an award from the Laredo chapter of the NBPC for his work in the NBPC defend and Director Brandon Darby a voice to Border Patrol agents . Breitbart News assisted Border Patrol funeral costs for a slain Border Patrol agent previously . Darby and Breitbart Border Patrol management have directly stated Director Brandon Darby shown that helping to bring a voice to the expressed needs and interests of Border Patrol agents is a top priority —   Border Patrol individually and together through Breitbart News . ) 
 Breitbart News 