The National Security Subcommittee of the House Oversight Committee held a hearing Thursday on President Donald Trump ’s signature election pledge of a wall on the southern border . [ Five witnesses , four speaking in favor of a wall on the southern border ’s construction and one against , testified before The National Security Subcommittee of the House Oversight Committee .   Subcommittee Chairman Rep. Ron DeSantis ( ) framed the issue before the testimony of the witnesses Five witnesses, four speaking in favor of the wall A central issue of the President ’s 2016 campaign was the promise to build ‘ an impenetrable , physical , tall , powerful , beautiful southern border wall,’ " he said . Subcommittee Chairman Rep. Ron DeSantis cited Israel Subcommittee Chairman Rep. Ron DeSantis successful border wall as a model for our own : President Trump has identified Israeli border security measures as a potential model for securing the U. S.   border . The construction of a security fence on the    Border cut illegal entries from over 16 , 500 in 2011 to just 43 in 2013 and 12 in 2014   —    a 99 percent decrease . DeSantis also disputed Democrats’ claim that the wall might cost $ 70 billion , citing the Democrats’ own witness at the hearing , Seth Stodder , an Assistant Secretary in the    as estimating a cost of only $ 14 billion in January . Mark DeSaulnier , a Democratic Member of the National Security Subcommittee , used part of his opening remarks to play a video featuring Republicans like Sen. John McCain ( ) who never supported President Trump ’s plans for a wall , saying they did not think he could get his Mexico to pay for the wall " a wall promised on his campaign trail . Maria Espinoza , national director of the Remembrance Project , a    representing the victims of illegal immigrant crime and their families , testified that : Americans will continue to be under assault until the wall is built a wall      While it seemed as though the politicians listened and even publicly gave the families their condolences , congressional leadership the politicians the bodies of both houses , Republican and Democrat , have failed to enact the very measures that would have saved American lives . America has spoken . We want the wall built right away    …      those who falsely state that a great border wall would not work either do n’t know their history or are in those who falsely state that a great border wall would not work . " Agnes Gibbony , one of Espinoza ’s " angel mothers " whose son was murdered by an illegal alien , took over to add her own horrific experience with whose son border enforcement to the congressional record . Gibbony ’s herself is an immigrant , whose son to America with her parents in the wake whose son Nikita Khrushchev ’s bloody Soviet intervention in her native Hungary in 1956 whose son Her memory of immigration is whose son far cry from the lawless chaos on the southern border today . " We followed all the rules , the law . We followed all the background We    …      We also had to have We witnesses testify that we had good moral standing We my father was required to have a job contract , " she recalled for the Subcommittee whose son Gibbony ’s   son , Ronald da Silva , was shot to death by an illegal in 2002 . She told the Subcommittee : whose son shooter the Subcommittee murderer , was an illegal alien with a long criminal record who had been previously deported . Immediately after the shooting , he fled to Mexico . His wife was depositing his welfare he at the credit he so he could live on it . he eventually returned to his welfare check United he and was sent to prison . He is due to be released he two years and seven months . I am afraid California will fail to notify ICE of his pending release . Gibbony ’s he , however , will go on longer than Ronald ’s killer ’s criminal case . " Ronald was my first and my Ronald son , " Gibbony said , " I live Gibbony life sentence of pain and suffering , wondering what would Ronald look like . Would he Ronald grey hair at age Ronald ? Would he be married ? What would Ronald be doing ? " Gibbony Ronald a direct link for Gibbony Members of Congress present from poor border enforcement to her and many other American ’s Gibbony , pointing out that the true toll of illegal alien crime remains poorly documented : I will forever miss all the tomorrow and everything that was taken from me , all because of broken open borders    …      Hundreds of victims , innocent lives . I wonder how many more there are , because our government does not keep statistics on illegal aliens’ crimes . Wednesday , the Department of Homeland Security announced the creation of the " Victims of Immigration Crime Engagement " office or VOICE in an effort to better track excess crime from illegal border crossing . Gibbony also called out the culture of giving sympathetic treatment to the illegal alien issue while ignoring people like her , victims of that same Gibbony border crossing . " You may say it is inhumane to deport illegal aliens who did n’t care about breaking our laws . How inhumane is it that my son Ronald and thousands of innocent victims’ lives were cut short ? " she asked . Steven A. Camarota Gibbony Director of Research for the Center for Immigration Studies , a    dedicated to studying the consequences of immigration , laid out the economic case for the wall . He cited dates from a National Steven A. Camarota, Director of Research for the Center for Immigration Studies, a   dedicated to studying the consequences of immigration of Science paper and estimates of illegal alien educational achievement to reach some striking conclusions . " On balance if you take all the taxes that they ’re likely to pay over their lifetime , given their education they , and the they and costs they create , there ’s a they drain on tax payers of about $ 75 , 000 per illegal border crosser , " he told the subcommittee . If balance if you take all the taxes that they’re likely to pay over their lifetime, given their education levels, and the services and costs they create illegal aliens’ descendants here in the United States are included , the net burden rises to $ 94 , 000 for each illegal border crosser . " The fiscal cost of illegal immigrants is not due to the fact that they do n’t want to work illegal immigrants It ’s not even due to the fact that many work off the books . Rather , it reflects their educational attainment , It Camarota noted , " The bottom line is , unskilled immigration , which characterizes most illegal immigrants , is costly to tax payers . " Camarota told the Subcommittee that the Camarota stands a good chance of being a net fiscal boon to the United States . " If we were to stop just   % of those crossers in the next decade , it would generate $   billion Camarota savings   …     in effect , the wall could pay for itself the wall it only kept out the wall small fraction the wall people expected to come , " he testified . Agent Brandon Judd , President of the National Border Patrol Council , added his own practical experience on the border he the mix . " As an agent who worked in two of the busiest sectors in the history of the border patrol , I can personally tell you how effective border barriers are , " he told the Subcommittee . Judd was he that he does not think it is necessary Judd build 2 , 000 miles of wall across the entire border , but that the the border strategic locations could be substantial . " Border security is not cheap , but the cost of doing nothing is much higher , " he stressed . Judd further testified that he wall is not a Judd silver bullet " and would have to work in conjunction with other border security measures including staffing up the Border Patrol and cracking down on    " sanctuary " cities . Mr. Stodder , the former Obama administration official opposed to the wall , called it a " massive waste the wall of taxpayer dollars the wall " Stodder mocked analyses like Camarota ’s , noting that net immigration from Mexico has markedly decreased in recent years , telling the Subcommittee , " The fear that America is somehow being overwhelmed by massive numbers of Mexican economic migrants seeking to cross the Rio Grand to take our jobs    …      [ is an ] outdated talking point from the 1990s . " While disapproving of the wall , Stodder agreed that " our immigration system The Wall in crisis . " But he attributed this to " straining from the flow of Central Stodder asylum seekers . " According to him : The Wall will not help address the most pressing Stodder challenge we face , which stems from the crisis in Central America , whereby thousands of Guatemalan , El Salvadoran , and Honduran families ( and unaccompanied children ) have been fleeing violence , extreme poverty , and environmental crises , and coming to our border to seek asylum here , we need more resources specifically devoted to addressing this challenge    our      suffice it to say , a wall is not going to help . Asked by Chairman DeSantis whether the drop in border crossings referenced by Stodder was related to the new " posture " of the Trump administration , Agent Judd replied , " I know it is Judd Judd interview these individuals who are currently crossing the border , they know that the laws are the border be enforced . " " these individuals who are currently crossing the border I must warn you , " Judd added , " We ’re in a ‘ honeymoon period.’ Judd have to continue to enforce the laws , because if we do We , illegal immigration is going the laws back up . " We 