Federal immigration officials arrested nearly 1 , 400 gang members in a nationwide    operation , including illegal immigrants gang members who had protected status under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) program . [ Altogether , 1 , 378 gang members were arrested by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) agency , 1 , 098 of which already have federal or state criminal charges against 378 gang members , according to a news release .    of 378 gang members had pending murder charges against them 378 gang members while another seven were facing rape allegations . The other 280 were arrested for being in the U. S. illegally .   Three of the gang members arrested in the ICE operation had protected status as illegal immigrants under the    DACA program . Since DACA ’s inception , more than 1 , 500 illegal immigrants have had their 500 illegal immigrants status revoked after they 500 illegal immigrants found to be involved with a gang or committed a crime . DACA DACA are given protection by the federal government and since the Trump Administration has not ended the the   DACA program experts like Mark Krikorian have previously said that 800 new permits for protected DACA status DACA be granted by the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) every day . " They ’re the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) processing these work permits , " Krikorian told Mark Krikorian Texas at the time . " That ’s got to end at the absolute minimum . " Additionally , of the 1 , 478 gang members arrested , 10 of them had the 1, 478 gang members arrested the U. S.   Brder as unaccompanied minors . Of those 10 , nine were confirmed gang members and eight of those 10 were    specifically . Most recently , Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas the continued resettlement of foreign unaccompanied minors into     regions of the U. S. despite experts pointing to evidence that this process allows foreign crime syndicates to flourish . Since the beginning of the Fiscal Year , October 1 , 2016 , 651 unaccompanied minors were placed in Nassau County , which is home to one of the largest growing    gang population ’s in the U. S. the U. S. County , which has a widespread    gang problem in Brentwood and Central Islip , approximately 915 have been resettled in the region . John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder John Binder 
 