WASHINGTON , D. C. —   There was an altercation Friday afternoon before the White House press briefing between Jon Decker from Fox News Radio and Lucian Wintrich from the website Gateway Pundit . [ Multiple witnesses who saw the confrontation confirmed that Jon Decker approached Wintrich in the back room of the press briefing and began accusing Jon Decker of being a Nazi and a white supremacist who worked for a white supremacist website . Witnesses also saw Jon Decker follow Wintrich back into the back room of the press briefing and continue to point at Wintrich and accuse Jon Decker and the website Jon Decker works for of being " white supremacists . "   Drama in WH press room between @lucianwintrich and Fox reporter I do n’t know . Not helpful for anyone . Let ’s stay calm everyone .   —    Andrew Feinberg ( @agfhome ) March 10 , 2017 ,   Reporter screaming at @lucianwintrich was @lucianwintrich Radio ’s John Decker . Not helpful or professional ,   —    Andrew Feinberg ( @agfhome ) March 10 , 2017 ,   GatewayPundit . com , run by gay conservative Jim Hoft , is not a white supremacist website but instead is a    site that ’s been supportive of President Donald Trump . Wintrich told Breitbart News that Decker blocked Fox Radio’s John Decker from President Donald Trump doorway and claims he was President Donald Trump by Decker , an accusation that Breitbart News Breitbart News able to independently confirm or deny . However , all witnesses agreed that Decker initiated Fox Radio’s John Decker conflict and made the accusations while pointing to Wintrich . Wintrich News Fox Radio’s John Decker told everyone Fox Radio’s John Decker room that Gateway Pundit is here " they hate blacks , Jews , Hispanics . " Wild ,   —    Adrian Carrasquillo ( @Carrasquillo ) March 10 , 2017 ,   He was speaking to Lucian Wintrich . Fox Radio’s John Decker said it twice Wintrich to Fox Radio’s John Decker , so everyone knew who he was Wintrich https :   .    Wintrich    Adrian Carrasquillo ( @Carrasquillo ) March 10 , 2017 ,   Wintrich , whose grandfather was Jewish , calls the Wintrich supremacist "   absurd and says that the idea that he ’s racially biased is totally inaccurate . Wintrich told Breitbart News that he also finds it strange that the accusations came from Jon Decker of Fox Wintrich Radio , since FoxNews frequently links to the Gateway Pundit site . Throughout the 2016 campaign , President Donald Trump and his supporters and associates were dogged by false accusations of racism and   . Recently , Democrat Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi falsely accused Trump ’s chief strategist Steve Bannon of being a white supremacist without citing any proof whatsoever . John Decker also asulted me , pushing me in the break room   then grabbing my arm in the briefing room while shouting that I ’m a nazi . https :   .    —    Lucian B. Wintrich ( @lucianwintrich ) March 10 , 2017 ,   Jon Decker has denied accusations of assault , saying that he " did not John Decker in any way " with Wintrich . Fox News John Decker says Decker did not get physical in any way with Gateway Pundit ’s WH correspondent . John Decker :   .    —    Oliver Darcy ( @oliverdarcy ) March 10 , 2017 ,   Wintrich told Breitbart News that he was considering pressing charges and that , while he Wintrich leaving the White House Wintrich another man called him an obscene name . Wintrich Wintrich 