CNN devoted not one , but two segments on how President Trump got two scoops of ice cream while President Trump dinner guests only got one as the network tried to pass off a " scoop " about President Trump ’s eating habits as news . [   In a segment titled , " Two scoops for Trump President Trump " CNN ’s Jeanne Moos talks about Trump President Trump executive privilege " for receiving two scoops of ice cream while the three TIME magazine correspondents he had President Trump with only got one . The TIME magazine correspondents made sure to take note of the disparity between the food given to the president and the food they were The TIME magazine correspondents in a profile called " Donald Trump After Hours , " the profile the segment was based on . " At the dessert course , he gets President Trump scoops of vanilla ice cream with his chocolate President Trump pie , instead of the single scoop for everyone else , " TIME ’s Michael Scherer and Zeke Miller wrote . " With the salad the dessert course is "Donald Trump what appears to be Thousand Island dressing instead of the creamy vinaigrette for his guests "Donald Trump " they added . But his guests was not the only segment CNN devoted to the subject . CNN also gave airtime CNN an interview between CNN ’s Brooke Baldwin CNN CNN political reporter and CNN Chris Cillizza with the headline , " President Gets Two Scoops of Ice Cream , Everyone Else One . " " The President gets two scoops , you know , everyone around the table gets one , and no word if there were sprinkles , " Baldwin commented . " Brooke Baldwin , well , the broader point here is , the White House staff has adapted to Donald Trump ’s case , " CNN political reporter and     Chris Cillizza responded . " So , when everyone else gets water , he gets a diet Chris Cillizza . When everybody gets one scoop of ice cream , he gets two . Chris Cillizza Fox News host Sean Hannity mocked CNN for its " " CNN coverage Sean Hannity " Thanks for the hard hitting news on your network @jaketapperhttps :   .   # Hannity ,   —    Sean Hannity ( @seanhannity ) May 11 , 2017 ,   " Thanks for the    news on your network , " Hannity wrote on Twitter Sean Hannity Others , however , thought Trump ’s ice cream habits were worth mentioning . @davidfrum a man unable to restrain his urges ,   —    Jennifer Rubin ( @JRubinBlogger ) May 11 , 2017 ,   " This explains a lot , " the Atlantic ’s David Frum wrote on Twitter , to which Twitter Rubin of the Washington Post responded saying that Trump is " a Trump unable to restrain his urges . " David Frum 