Watch out readers of Tolstoy and Dostoyevsky , since the mere familiarity with Russian authors is now sufficient to have a person branded as a Russian conspirator by mainstream media . [ In the latest episode in extreme fake news , the foundering Newsweek Magazine has concocted an entire web of Russian connections around Trump ’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon simply because Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon knows something about Russian politics and literature .   While acknowledging that Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon , " has n’t been implicated in any of the ongoing probes " into " murky connections " with Russian hackers and spies , and while further noting that Bannon Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon is n’t under investigation by the FBI for possible collusion with the Kremlin , " Newsweek writer Owen Matthews insists that something even more nefarious is going on between Bannon and the the Kremlin " But Bannon Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon to Russia are ideological , " Matthews proclaims , Owen Matthews and therefore , arguably , they ’ve had Bannon’s ties to Russia more profound impact on White House policy with Moscow . " Hitting a new low in fake news , Newsweek does n’t Newsweek bother citing " unnamed sources " in relating its imaginary version Newsweek White House intrigue White House simply puts forward unsourced allegations that " Bannon was Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon off Trump ’s National Security Council in a White House coup " White House partly about " whether to appease a resurgent Kremlin or confront it . " In his rambling piece , titled " Alexander Dugin and Steve Bannon Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon Ties to Vladimir Putin ’s Russia , " Matthews makes the verifiably erroneous claim that Bannon " has Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon not only Putin but also a brand of Russian mystical conservative nationalism known as Eurasianism . " Matthews does not explain to readers Matthews Bannon ’s characterization Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon as a " kleptocrat " that Vladimir Putin have to be " on guard of " can be considered praise . Nor does Newsweek inform us how Bannon ’s mere mention Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon Putin ’s belief system is based on Vladimir Putin be construed as anything other than analysis , and has nothing to do with " praise . " Still , in his magnificent house of Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon , Matthews imagines that " Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon and the   Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon admiration for Putin has come into direct conflict with the Vladimir Putin House ’s new policies . " Not content with this sophomoric application of guilt by association , Matthews goes further still Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon suggesting that the slogan " America first " somehow relates to the worldview of Russian ideologue Alexander Dugin , whose philosophy " glorifies the Russian Empire . " This is like saying that Charles de Gaulle must have been in cahoots with Cambodian dictator Pol Pot because the two were nationalists . Despite no    ties between Bannon and Dugin , Matthews alleges that they " have common cause in the idea that global elites have conspired against ordinary people —   and the old order must be overthrown . " Bannon " seems to admire Dugin , " Matthews proposes , a theory for which he Matthews no evidence , evidently springing from Bannon overly fertile imagination . At best , Bannon sees common threads running through Bannon and Matthews ’s speeches and concludes that they must somehow be colluding or at very Bannon and Dugin’s speeches admire one another . Since Bannon believes that " individual sovereignty of a Bannon is a good thing , " Matthews suggests , he must have Russian ties Matthews because this Matthews " precisely what Putin ’s Kremlin is promoting as it backs anti —   European Union candidates this is "precisely what Putin’s Kremlin is promoting as it backs anti —  European Union candidates from Hungary to France Hungary to France . " By this strained logic , anyone who believes that national sovereignty is a positive value must therefore be a supporter of Putin ’s Kremlin . After saying literally nothing Putin substance in his exhaustingly    article , Matthews arrives at the ridiculous conclusion that the " ideological honeymoon " between Trump and Bannon is over . " The only question now is whether Bannon can survive the divorce . " Truth Bannon told , Owen Matthews and Newsweek are not completely to Matthews their exercise in groundless   . They are following Owen Matthews and Newsweek example of an equally fatuous Owen Matthews and Newsweek published by the New York Times last February . Remarkably , the Times dedicated an entire article to Steve Bannon the New York Times with the writings of Italian philosopher Julius Evola " who inspired Fascists , " and therefore must somehow share his worldview . In the eyes of the New York Steve Bannon’s , literacy has now become a the New York Times fact that Bannon even knows Evola is significant , " the article eerily reports , Steve Bannon’s Mark Sedgwick , a British intellectual teaching an entire article . While admitting that the entire connection amounted to " a passing reference by Mr. Bannon to an esoteric Italian philosopher , " somehow the Times saw fit to produce a    essay in a desperate effort to tease out a dark association between the two men . Nowhere but in the discredited mainstream media could such    be seriously proposed as anything remotely akin to true journalism . Reporting on the news is being systematically replaced by news fabrication . Apparently , propaganda vehicles like Newsweek and the New York Times have reached the conclusion that their readers are so ideologically driven that facts no longer matter at all . propaganda vehicles like Newsweek and the New York Times story —   however baseless and absurd —   is worth publishing as long as it advances the narrative that    want to believe . Follow Thomas D. Williams — Twitter   Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 