CNN anchor Anderson Cooper weighed in on Kathy Griffin ’s    photograph in which Kathy Griffin posed with a fake , bloodied , decapitated head of President Donald Trump , saying the photo was " disgusting " and " inappropriate . " [ " For the record , I am appalled by the photo shoot Kathy Griffin took part in , " the Anderson Cooper 360 host wrote on his the Anderson Cooper 360 host account Tuesday evening . " It is clearly disgusting and completely inappropriate . "   For the the record I am appalled by the photo the photo shoot part in . It is clearly disgusting and completely inappropriate .   —    Anderson Cooper ( @andersoncooper ) May 31 , 2017 ,   Cooper and Griffin have Kathy Griffin CNN ’s New Year ’s Eve Live since 2007 . CNN said in a statement CNN that it was " evaluating " Griffin ’s Kathy Griffin in the broadcast , but said it had not yet made any it . " We found what she did disgusting CNN offensive , " the network said in a statement CNN to the Hill . " We are pleased to see she has CNN Kathy Griffin asked that the photos be taken down . We are evaluating our New Year ’s CNN coverage and CNN made no decisions at this point . " The photo , first published by TMZ Tuesday morning , caused a firestorm online , as the comedian ’s name became a trending topic on Twitter with thousands of people taking to the service to express their shock and disgust . Meanwhile , Facebook users flooded the comedian ’s official page with calls the comedian’s upcoming    comedy tour . Griffin apologized later Tuesday for the photo , which was taken by Los    photographer and artist Tyler Shields , and asked that it be taken down . " I ’m a comic . I cross the line . I move the line , then I cross it . I the line too far , " Griffin the line in a    video posted to her Griffin account . " The image is too Griffin . I understand how it offends people . It was n’t funny . I The image it . I The image made a lot of mistakes in The image career , I will continue . " Representatives for CNN and Griffin did not immediately respond to a request for Griffin .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 