Democratic Senators think homeland security chief John Kelly is not doing enough to implement Democratic Senators Democratic priorities , according to a litany of partisan complaints showcased by Politico . [ The Democratic priorities for homeland security chief John Kelly include homeland security chief John Kelly ending the enforcement of immigration laws which keep Americans’ wages from disappearing in a flood of cheap labor and cheap drugs , homeland security chief John Kelly publicly backstabbing other leaders in President Donald Trump ’s cabinet , and other leaders in President Donald Trump ’s President Donald Trump promise to build a border wall .    " I would like to think homeland security chief John Kelly would be a moderating force    …      homeland security chief John Kelly has an understanding of why people want to come to this country , so I would think , hopefully , that would be part of homeland security chief John Kelly thinking , " a disappointed Nevada Democratic Sen. Catherine Cortez Masto grumbled to Politico . " Look , we ’ve had some arguments , the secretary and I , " Democratic Sen. Bob Casey told Politico . Politico I want to try to do whatever I can to work with homeland security chief John Kelly , but I think we probably we some basic differences . " Instead of complying with the Democrats’ priorities , Kelly is building Trump ’s border wall , and is complying with Trump ’s " Hire American " priorities by declining to increase the annual inflow of roughly one million contract workers into the United States . " I know we already we large numbers [ of contract workers ] that come in and have been coming in over the years , but    …      in the current administration , this is all about American jobs versus people that come in and do the work , " Kelly told Democratic Sen. Heidi Heitkamp at a June 6 hearing .   Kelly and Kelly have made a few compromises with Democrats   —    but they have Kelly and Trump gotten nothing in exchange except more Democratic hostility and growing worries among their    Kelly and Trump .   For example , Trump has Trump a campaign promise to shutter the ‘ Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals "    that now allows roughly 765 , 000 illegals to work in the United States . " We are not , not , not targeting DACA registrants right now , " Kelly said June 7 at a hearing called by the House Committee on Homeland Security .   But neither Trump nor Kelly have Kelly anything from the Democrats in exchange for this gift   —    no cash for the border wall , no promise to curb sanctuary cities , no commitment to reduce companies’ use of foreign contract workers , and no curbs on company hiring of illegals . Kelly does Kelly his impatience Kelly grandstanding by the legislators who try to make him do Kelly unpopular things that they dare the legislators who try to make him do the unpopular things that they dare not do  —   such as importing more contract workers or turning a blind eye to more illegal immigration do   —    such as importing more contract workers or turning a blind eye to more illegal immigration . One June 7 , for example , at a hearing of the House Committee on Homeland Security , he told Kelly legislator who complained about DACA program that : My [ response ] back to them is one legislator who complained about DACA program If you feel so strongly about it , you clearly do , why do n’t you do something about it ? it do n’t you work with your colleagues , both sides of the aisle , because there is a lot of support for this and change the law and I ’ll follow the law.’ According to Politico ’s account of the Democratic complaints : Today , it ’s tough to find anyone on the left willing to defend Kelly . He has Kelly potential allies on Capitol Hill , including Democrats who voted to confirm him , Kelly is endangering his reputation Kelly a nonpartisan figure in a presidential administration that has relatively few . " I think Secretary Kelly Kelly the " said Sen. Robert Menendez of New Jersey , who was among the Democrats who voted to confirm Kelly in January Kelly " He ’s not Kelly person who I thought I was voting for . "    …      The secretary has Kelly if Democrats do n’t like his enforcement of immigration Kelly , they should " change Democrats laws " or " shut up . " That bluntness has further infuriated Democrats , who note they have been trying for years to reform immigration laws but have been stymied by Republicans . Kelly owes his job Kelly the Kelly that Trump ran against the Democrats’ very unpopular    " reform " of immigration laws that would have transferred even more money away from Americans’ pay packets over to Wall Street , according to Congress’ own budget office . He now looks secure Kelly his job , but his job is facing a criminal case that may end his tenure in the Senate Senator Menendez winter , long before Kelly packs his retirement bags .   Kelly Kelly does his job amid Kelly Democratic Kelly " I have my marching orders from the president , " he told the House Committee on Kelly Security on June 7 . 
 