In an extraordinary coincidence , Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( D. . ) announced the release of Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D. .) new book This Fight Is Our Fight Tuesday , the same day Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D. .) gave the remarks about    General Jeff Sessions which led the presiding officer of the senate to rule Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D. .) out of order and senators to vote to restrict Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D. .) speaking privileges in the Sessions debate . [ The hardcover of the book and    Kindle version , along woth two versions of Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D. .) previous book A Fighting Chance , now hold the top four slots in Amazon ’s Congressional Bestsellers List .   Timeline of Feb. 7 events : 3:09 p. m. : Warren ’s publisher Henry Holt retweeted out the news about the book and added that the news about the book would release the book April 18 . Just announced ! Warren’s ’s new book the book FIGHT IS OUR FIGHT , is    on April 18th . https :   .    —    Henry Holt ( @HenryHolt ) February 7 , 2017 ,   4:40 p. m. : Warren Warren’s about the book on her Warren’s ’s Facebook page : Washington works great for the rich and the powerful , but it ’s not Facebook page for everyone else . And it ’s not Facebook page of some inevitable force of nature , like gravity   —    it ’s because Facebook page decades of deliberate policy choices to help those at the top . Our middle class is on the ropes , and Donald Trump is looking to deliver the knockout punch . At this moment in history , it ’s time to fight back . That ’s why I ’m glad to announce that my 11th book , This Fight is Our Fight , will be out in April . 6:57 p. m. : Warren began her remarks regarding Warren Sessions , then a Republican senator from Alabama , and his pending confirmation Warren lead the Department of Justice . Roughly 15 minutes into her speech , Warren officer   Sen. Steven Daines ( R. . ) warned Warren that when Warren quoted Sen. Warren Kennedy saying in 1986 that Sessions was a " disgrace to the Justice Department the Department of Justice was in Warren of Senate Rule XIX . The rule forbids senators demeaning Senate Rule XIX of fellow senators , regardless of whether they are speaking in their voice senators demeaning the character of fellow senators quoting someone else senators demeaning the character of fellow senators After Daines warned Warren about her referring to Sessions as a Warren , the Massachusetts senator began to read from a    letter from Coretta Scott King . In the 1986 letter , King wrote a   letter from Coretta Scott King his power as Coretta Scott King federal prosecutor to keep Coretta Scott King citizens from voting . 7:46 p. m. : Majority Leader Sen. Mitch McConnell ( R. . ) made a point of order that Warren had violated Rule XIX , which Daines agreed to , but Warren appealed the ruling to the whole Senate Warren 7:47 p. m. : Daines ordered Warren to take her seat . 8:01 p. Warren : McConnell Warren senators to the floor . 8:42 p. m. : Senators voted to sustain the ruling of the senators that Warren violated the ruling restrict Warren from rejoining the debate over the Sessions Warren . 9:50 p. m. senators Warren called into MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow Show Warren 10:52 p. m. : On her official Senate Facebook page , Warren posted : " During the debate on Warren to make Rachel Maddow Sessions the next Attorney General , I tried to read a letter from Coretta Scott King on the floor of the Senate . The letter , from 30 years ago , urged the Senate to reject the nomination of Jeff a letter from Coretta Scott King on the floor of the Senate a federal judgeship . The Republicans took away the Senate the Senate read this letter Jeff Sessions floor   —    so I ’m right outside , reading it now . " a letter from Coretta Scott King on the floor of the Senate on Facebook Live . 11:06 p. m. : Elizabeth for Massachusetts sent out a fundraising my right to read this letter on the floor  —    with her version of what happened a letter from Coretta Scott King on the floor of the Senate a text of the King letter . 11:19 p. m. : Warren called into CNN Tonight host Don Lemon she The next day , Henry Holt retweeted its own tweet that kicked off the January launch of its own Coretta Scott King book , My Life , My Love , My Legacy , which featured the Henry Holt same letter Warren read from the Senate floor . Henry Holt King and Warren share a publisher Henry Holt is an imprint of MacMillan , King ’s publisher . Coretta Scott King Warren writings resonated the Senate floor letter to Congress   . Read it here : https Henry Holt .   @washingtonpost pic . twitter . Coretta Scott King    Henry Holt ( @HenryHolt ) January 11 , 2017 Coretta Scott King’s   Then , in case somebody missed her 1986 letter to Congress   point , Henry Holt retweeted a post from the Changing Hands bookstore in Tempe , Arizona : She was warned . She was given an explanation . Nevertheless , # ShePersisted . pic . twitter .    —    Changing Hands ( @changinghands ) February 8 , 2017 ,   
 She 