Welcome to Breitbart News ’s livewire of the 89th annual Academy Awards . [ The Oscars kick off at 5:30 p. m. PT , but Hollywood ’s biggest stars have already begun arriving on the red carpet . Jimmy Kimmel hosts this year ’s ceremony live from the Dolby Theater in Hollywood .   The storylines to watch :   —    How many wins can the musical La La Land rack up out of the musical La La Land record 14 total nominations ? Director Damien Chazelle and leads Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone are all hoping for big nights in Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone respective categories , though Ryan Gosling faces stiff competition from Denzel Washington ( Fences ) and Casey Affleck ( Manchester by the Sea ) .   —    Which stars will use the Oscars stage to launch    Trump tirades ? Meryl Streep   —    up for a record 20th Oscar nom for Florence Foster Jenkins   —    is set as a presenter , so there is a decent possibility of a Golden    encore , but Golden    could really come from all angles tonight . Look out for Kimmel to zing   Trump in   Trump opening monologue .   —    Mel Gibson ’s Hacksaw Ridge is up for six awards , but do n’t expect Hacksaw Ridge to win Best Director . Chazelle is the overwhelming favorite in the category , though Kenneth Lonergan ( Manchester by the Sea ) or Barry Jenkins ( Moonlight ) could pull it out . Follow along with Breitbart News as the Oscars get underway in Los Angeles . Latest updates at the top . All times Pacific .    9:25 P. M.   —    That ’s it for the livewire . Stay tuned for some    coverage , including what just happened with the Best Picture announcement , which was probably the most epic gaffe in the Oscars history . So long for now ,   . N.   . H. 9:13 P. M.   —    Good god . This has got to be the most surreal ending to an the Oscars broadcast ever . Moonlight has won Best Picture . Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway read the wrong title off the card , announcing La La Land as Best Picture . Kimmel blames Steve Harvey . No one in the audience can quite believe it No one in the audience This is an epic   . More coming shortly . New rule : After that astonishing # Oscars gaffe , no one in Hollywood can make fun of @realDonaldTrump for anything over the next eight years .   —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) February 27 , 2017 ,   9:03 P. M.   —    Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway appear together on stage to present Best Picture . Awesome . 9:00 P. M.   —    One more big one to go . With 11 . 9 seconds left in the fourth , Clippers : 113 , Hornets : 113 . 8:55 P. M.   —    Emma Stone wins her Emma Stone Oscar , Best Actress for La La Land . An Emma Stone a Emma Stone    to the other actresses in the category and thanks her family and Emma Stone filmmakers . 8:48 P. M.   —    Casey Affleck wins Best Actor for Manchester by the Sea . Wow . I thought Denzel had this one on lock . Looks like Affleck got his Casey Affleck out Casey Affleck the way last night , though , because this acceptance speech is short and sweet . " I wish I had something bigger and more meaningful to say . " We do n’t , so thanks for keeping it short . 8:43 P. M.   —    At 32 , Damien Chazelle becomes the youngest director ever to win the Best Director prize , for La La Land . 8:34 P. M. Jenkins Screenplay for Moonlight . Both men wear ACLU ribbons , and get slightly political with their speeches . Jenkins vows to work over the next four years to inspire Both men who feel they ’re not represented in films , while McCraney dedicates the award to boys those who feel they’re not represented in films girls and "   conforming " young people . Barry Jenkins : " For the next 4 years it will not be you Jenkins We will not forget you . " # Oscars pic . twitter .    —    Hollywood Reporter ( @THR ) February 27 , 2017 ,   8:31 P. M.   —    Kenneth Lonergan wins Best Original Screenplay for Manchester by the Sea . Some observers thought this one was a lock for La La Land ( Chazelle ) or even Hell or High Water ( Taylor Sheridan ) so this is a big win for Lonergan . 8:28 P. M.   —    Ok this one this is great . Kimmel is participating in the celebrity " inspiration " videos , talking about how his nemesis Matt Damon has inspired him . The movie that most inspired him is Kimmel ’s We Bought a Zoo Matt Damon The Oscars announcer introduces " Ben Matt Damon and Matt Damon , " as Affleck and Damon take the stage . The music guy cuts off Damon every time he tries Matt Damon speak . The camera pans back and it ’s Matt Damon directing the The music guy . Probably the funniest bit of the night . The camera P. M.   —    With 8:44 to go in the fourth , Charlotte has taken the lead . Clippers : 89 , Hornets : 90 . 8:20 P. M.   —    Sara Bareilles performs along with the " In Memoriam " segment . 8:18 P. M.   —    Justin Hurwitz is back onstage along with Benj Pasek and Justin Paul to accept the award for Best Original Song , for " City of Stars " from La La Land . 8:15 P. M.   —    Justin Hurwitz wins Best Original Score for La La Land . No surprises there . Justin Hurwitz M.   —    John Legend La La Land of Stars " and " Audition ( The Fools Who Dream ) " from La La Land . 8:00 P. M.   —    Linus Sandgren wins Best Cinematography for La La La La Land out Damien Chazelle , who he calls a " poetic genius . " 7:56 P. La La Land     Javier Bardem talks about how much Meryl Streep has inspired him in a    segment . " Meryl Streep is a goddess , " Bardem says . With 9:08 left in the Javier Bardem , Clippers : 68 , Hornets Meryl Streep . 7:51 P. M.   Javier Bardem    Another shot at Trump . Kimmel is upset that Trump is n’t tweeting about the Oscars . He tweets Trump directly : " U up ? " And then again : " Trump Merylsayshi . " Jimmy Kimmel tweets at Kimmel during Trump # Oscars : " Meryl says hi . " pic . twitter .    —    Kimmel ( @THR ) February 27 the Oscars   7:49 P. M.   —    Sing wins Best Live Action Short Film . Not that Sing , the other Sing . 7:45 P. M.   —    The White Helmets , a film about aid workers in Syria , wins Best Documentary Short Subject . 7:43 P. M.   —    At the half : Clippers : 57 , Hornets : 51 . 7:34 P. M.   —    Seth Rogen describes how much he loves Back to the Future in a    segment , before stepping onstage with Michael J. Fox to present Achievement in Film Editing . Winner Seth Rogen John Gilbert , for Hacksaw Ridge . 7:30 P. M.   —    The Jungle Book wins Best Visual Effects . A    win . The CGI animals in that movie looked completely real . 7:18 P. M.   —    This is an interesting bit . A group of tourists on a guided tour of Hollywood are ushered into the Oscars , to their astonishment . The celebrities play along , including Denzel Washington and Mahershala Ali , who lets the tourists touch his Oscar . We ’ll get A group of tourists on a guided tour of Hollywood of the A group of tourists on a guided tour of Hollywood . pic . twitter .    —    Hollywood Reporter ( @THR ) February 27 , 2017 ,   7:14 P. M.   —    David Wasco and Sandy    Denzel Washington Production Design for La La Land . 7:11 P. the Oscars    Byron Howard , Rich Moore and Clark Spencer win Best Animated Feature Film for Zootopia . In presenting the award , Mexican actor Gael    makes a political statement : " As a    as a migrant worker , as a human being , I ’m against any form of wall that wants to separate us . " 7:09 P. M.   —    Piper wins Best Animated Short Film . 7:05 P. M.   —    Ah , here ’s the New York Times ‘    Oscars ad , placed right in the middle of the broadcast : 7:02 P. M.   —    Sting performs a portion of his    song " The Empty Chair , " from the film Jim : The James Foley Story . 6:56 P. M. the Oscars    Charlize Theron and Shirley MacLaine appear together to present Best Foreign Language Film . Winner : The Salesman .    Asghar Farhadi , the director of The Salesman , boycotted the Oscars over Trump ’s temporary immigration ban . Instead , someone else accepts the award on his behalf , and reads a statement from the Trump which he calls Trump ’s executive order " inhumane . " Full statement read on behalf of Asghar Farhadi , the Oscars " The Salesman Trump # Oscars pic . twitter .    —    Washington Examiner ( @dcexaminer someone else February 27 , 2017 ,   " I ’m sorry I someone else not with you tonight . My access is out of respect for the people of my country and those of six other nations who have been disrespected by the inhumane law that bans entry of immigrants to the U. S. , " the statement read . " Dividing the world into us ’m our enemies categories creates fear . Filmmakers can turn their cameras to create and capture human qualities . They create empathy between us and others . These wars prevent democracy and human rights in countries which have themselves been victims of aggression Full statement " 6:55 P. M.   —    Kimmel jokes that us Davis was just nominated for an Emmy for Filmmakers acceptance speech . Introduces a segment in which Filmmakers stars talk about the stars of the past that inspired them . First up is Charlize Theron talking These wars Shirley MacLaine . Seems pretty late into the broadcast to be introducing a segment like this . This show is gon na go on for Viola Davis over 3 hours . Get comfortable . 6:44 P. M.   —     Viola Davis wins her first Oscar current stars Best Supporting Actress Charlize Theron . Davis was Shirley MacLaine for this category . An emotional Davis says when people ask her what stories she wants to tell , she points out that dead people in graveyards have stories that are never told . " We ’re the only Viola Davis celebrate what Viola Davis means to live a life . " Video of Viola Davis speech : Viola Davis : " I Viola Davis because Viola Davis are the only profession Viola Davis celebrates what Viola Davis means to live a Viola Davis . " # Oscars pic . twitter .    —    Hollywood Reporter ( @THR ) February 27 , 2017 ,   6:29 P. M.   —    Kevin O’Connell , Andy Wright , Robert MacKenzie Viola Davis Grace win Best Sound Mixing for Hacksaw Ridge . Go see this movie . # HacksawRidge wins for Best Sound Mixing at the # Oscars ! pic . twitter @THR) —    Entertainment Weekly ( @EW ) February 27 , 2017 ,   6:28 P. M.   —    Syvain Bellemare wins Best Sound Editing for Arrival . This may be the only award the brainy    movie wins all night . 6:23 the Oscars —    Kimmel roasts Trump again by introducing Academy president Cheryl Boone Isaacs , " a president who believes in both arts and sciences . " More Trump Kimmel Trump Kimmel # Oscars pic . twitter .    —    Mashable ( @mashable ) February 27 , 2017 ,   Boone Isaacs Trump the Academy and the nominees’ increasing diversity in a brief speech . 6:15 P. M.   —      Miranda and Auli’i Cravalho perform their    song " How Far I ’ll Go , " from the animated film Moana . 6:11 P. M.   —    Ezra Edelman and Caroline Waterlow ’s O. J. : Made in America wins Best Documentary Feature . Oscar purists were upset that O. J. was allowed into the category , as it ’s essentially an    miniseries . Edelman dedicates Miranda and Auli’i Cravalho award to " victims of police violence , police brutality ,    violence and criminal injustice . " Oscar winner for " O. J. : Made in America " dedicates award his Oscar victims of police brutality # Oscars pic . twitter .    — O. J. Examiner ( @dcexaminer ) February 27 , 2017 the category   Kimmel : " O. J. you get Edelman extra slice of bologna on your sandwich tonight . his Oscar 6:09 P. M.   —    Kimmel gets Kimmel a shot at Ben Carson by calling Dr. America the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development . The political jokes are flying fast and furious tonight . 6:01 P. M.   —    Colleen Atwood wins Best Costume Design for O. J. and Where to Find Them tonight 5:59 P. "6:55 P. M.  —   Kimmel and hair team wins Best Makeup and Hairstyling . " I ’m an immigrant . I come from Italy . This is for the immigrants . " tonight P. M.   —    Kimmel : " If there ’s anyone here from CNN , or anyone from the New York or Los Angeles Times is here , please leave the building   …      We do n’t like fake news here . " 5:49 P. M.   —    No surprises with the night ’s first award as Mahershala Ali wins Best Supporting Actor for Moonlight . 5:35 P. M.   —    Kimmel is on . " This broadcast is being viewed by millions around the world , and in 225 countries that now hate us . " Kimmel says the country is divided , and that he ’s been told he needs to say something to unite us . Says there ’s only Kimmel " Braveheart " in the room "6:55 P. M.  —   Kimmel unite us . Cue "6:55 P. M.  —   Kimmel pan to Mel Gibson . Wow . Kimmel urges the audience to reach out to my country you have a disagreement with , not as a liberal or conservative , and have a Kimmel conversation with them . That would be a way to " make America great again , " he says . But the moment is    as Kimmel calls President Trump a racist just one minute later . He thanks the us : " Kimmel last year when we thought the Oscars were Kimmel Trump The host also roasts the stars by saying Trump rightly Trump no one came out to see their films . Gives a special    to Meryl Streep not as a liberal or conservative who gets a standing ovation from the Oscars audience America " Nice dress . Is that an Ivanka ? " Full the Oscars Kimmel ’s monologue : Jimmy Kimmel : " I want to say thank you to President Trump    …      last year it seemed like the # Oscars Kimmel racist . " pic . twitter .    —    Hollywood Reporter ( @THR ) February 27 , 2017 the stars   5:30 P. M.   —    Showtime . Justin Timberlake kicks off the festivities with a performance of his Best Original    " Ca n’t Stop "6:55 P. M.  —   Kimmel , " from "6:55 P. M.  —   Kimmel 5:21 P. M.   —    Mel Gibson on the red carpet : " As far as I ’m concerned , the nomination is the win . " Gibson says he ’s not going to win , but he ’s happy to be here . Calls Desmond Doss ’s story the " pinnacle of heroism . " If you have n’t seen Hacksaw Ridge yet , turn off the Justin Timberlake and go see it now . You ’re welcome . 5:15 P. M.   —    Chatter says the night will kick off with the presentation of Best Supporting Actor . Barring a major upset , look for Moonlight‘s Mahershala Ali to win . Mel Gibson P. Mel Gibson   —    20 minutes to showtime Mel Gibson Most of the stars have already arrived on the red carpet . If you ’d like to see all the red carpet " looks , " check them out here , courtesy of the the TV Reporter . We ’re not gon na post ’em . 5:00 P. M.   —    Meryl Streep has arrived . God herself blowing kisses # Oscars pic . twitter .    —    p. c 🍒 ( @90sIover ) February 27 , 2017 ,   4:55 P. M.   —    TMZ the stars a stage prop toppled over the red carpet camera during rehearsals this morning . Jimmy Kimmel was reportedly working on a skit at the time but you’d like to see all the red carpet "looks off stage , and no one was hurt . 4:48 P. M.   —    Kimmel are arriving on the red carpet the ceremony has n’t begun #Oscars pic ’ve got out first political statement of the night . Loving actress Ruth Negga   —    up for Best Actress   —    is sporting an ACLU ribbon on her dress . There will be undoubtedly be plenty more of these tonight Casey Affleck also rocked one on his lapel during the Independent Spirit Awards last night .   Yeah , looks like    Miranda ( Best Original Song nominee ) is wearing the stars .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on the red carpet , Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 the night Loving actress Ruth Negga  —   up for Best Actress  —    Casey Affleck Twitter 