Thursday ’s nuclear option vote restores 200 years of Senate practice , going far beyond Neil Gorsuch ’s confirmation to restore the proper constitutional balance for Supreme Court and federal court appointments . [ On April 6 , Senate voted    to extend Senate Democrats’ own Senate to guarantee that Supreme Court nominees Supreme Court confirmed with a    vote of 51 out of 100 senators . As an immediate result , Gorsuch was confirmed Neil Gorsuch’s a Supreme Court justice Friday Supreme Court a bipartisan vote of    but the benefits to the Republic will last for decades .   Article II of the Constitution vests the power to appoint judges jointly between the president and the Senate . From the ratification of the Constitution in 1789 until the Constitution same digits , but in a different order ) judicial nominations followed a particular pattern . The president takes the lead by nominating anyone he wants . Then the Senate The president approves or disapproves the Senate choice by an     confirmation vote . Their roles were always different . The president would consider every aspect of The president , including whether the nominee reflected the president ’s philosophy on a nominee understand The president the law , and the role of the courts in America ’s democratic republic . The Senate ’s role was more limited the Senate does not pick the nominee instead it was a check on Senate so that , a nominee Hamilton explained in The Federalist Papers No . the President To what purpose then require the    of the Senate ? I answer , that the necessity of their concurrence would have a Senate though , in general , a silent operation . It would be an excellent check upon a spirit of favoritism in the President , and would tend greatly to prevent the appointment of unfit characters from State prejudice , from family connection , from personal attachment , or from a view to popularity . In addition to this , it would be an efficacious source of stability in the administration . In other words , the Senate would ensure that the president did not choose someone on an improper basis , such as because that person was the President member , or a good friend , or perhaps the president owed the nominee money . In practical terms , that means the Senate traditionally looked to three objective criteria to determine if a nominee was fit for office : the Senate the Senate , and character . So long as a judicial nominee satisfied those requirements , the Senate would respect the president ’s prerogative . That was why Justice Antonin Scalia —   whose seat the Senate now fill —   was confirmed in 1986 by a vote of    despite his    record of being very conservative . But then the very next year , something unprecedented happened when President Justice Antonin Scalia —      nominated Judge Robert Bork , who might have been even more qualified for the Supreme Court than Scalia or Gorsuch , as extremely qualified as those two men were . ( Bork was a former U. S. solicitor general , Yale law professor , one of the greatest legal scholars in all of American history , and a judge on the U. S. Court of Appeals for the D. C. Circuit . ) Democrats took control of the Senate in the 1986 midterm elections , and it had become an article of faith in that party to protect sacred cows leftists were getting from a liberal Democrats Court that they could not get through the ballot box , like abortion on demand , racial preferences , and militant secularism sacred cows leftists In 1985 , Attorney General Ed Meese declared that the official constitutional philosophy of the Reagan administration was originalism : In our democratic republic , the only legitimate way for unelected , politically unaccountable judges to interpret the law ( and the Republic as the Supreme Law of the Land ) was according to the original meaning of its provisions , leaving it to the American people alone to decide whether the Constitution or lesser laws need to be changed the Land amended . Reagan the Land Meese made good on that philosophy when Reagan elevated Scalia to the Supreme Court . With Bork —   who was even more conservative than Scalia —   nominated Reagan the Court , the Left saw the possibility of an eventual Supreme Court majority that would destroy their    march to achieve the Supreme Court without earning the votes of the American people . Consequently the Supreme Court Ted Kennedy ( Reagan and Meese led the charge to Reagan and Meese the unbelievably    Bork , purely because Bork was an unapologetic conservative who openly explained his judicial philosophy . The    Senate voted down Bork ’s nomination . That seat on the Court eventually went to Anthony Kennedy . Bork years later it almost happened again . Justice Bork was narrowly confirmed ,   . Republicans tried to restore Sen. Ted Kennedy balance . Ruth Bader Ginsburg was confirmed    in 1993 , despite being as clearly very liberal as Scalia , Bork , and Thomas were clearly conservative . In 1994 , Stephen Breyer was confirmed   . But Democrats would have none of it . When Bork very    Justice Clarence Thomas Alito was nominated , he was confirmed in 2006 by a vote of   . To avoid a    this new baseline started to impact how Republicans voted on Democratic the very   Samuel Alito , as seen in the confirmation votes of Sonia Sotomayor ( ) and Elena Kagan ( ) . But the Left did not stop at the Supreme Court during these years . When George W. Bush was elected president , Senate Democrats in 2001 narrowly controlled the Senate    and began refusing final floor votes on Bush ’s nominees to the federal courts of appeals . As an example , they refused to vote on the nomination of John Roberts to be George W. Bush on the D. C. Circuit appeals court . The American people did not Senate Democrats this , and gave Republicans control of the Senate in the 2002 midterms . Now in the minority , Democrats decided to   . One    senator , Chuck Schumer ( ) persuaded most Senate colleagues to begin filibustering nominees they did not support , even when some Democrats were willing to join with the Republican majority to confirm them . Roberts One   senator, Chuck Schumer ( ) through to the D. C. One   senator, Chuck Schumer ( ) anyway , but others —   like Miguel Estrada , another nominee to the D. C. Circuit — some Democrats were blocked . As Republicans continued to gain seats in the Senate , Democrats considered taking things to still another low . the D. C. Circuit Roberts ’s nomination to the Supreme Court , but tried to do so on Alito . But that was a bridge too far for many Democrats at Democrats Roberts , which is why cloture was invoked on Alito    even though many of those Democrats who voted for cloture then voted against his final confirmation on the     vote , resulting in   . Finally with Gorsuch , Alito Democrats to claim the role of    of federal judges , merging filibusters with Alito confirmation votes . If a Republican president nominated someone whom Democrats would not have nominated ( which presumably would be the case 100 percent of the time ) Senate Democrats would not only vote against final confirmation , but also vote against cloture , regardless of qualifications . Under the historical standard , President Donald Trump ’s nomination of Gorsuch is a   . Education ? Undergraduate degree from Columbia , law degree from Harvard , and even a doctorate from Oxford . Experience ? Law clerk for the U. S. court of appeals and for the Supreme Court , then a partner at a prestigious law firm , also U. S. deputy associate attorney general , then finally a federal judge for more than ten years on the U. S. court of appeals Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit . Character ? Impeccable honesty and integrity , as well as being a good husband , father , and member of his community , the U. S. court of appeals , humble , and respectful gentleman . Because it takes 60 votes to invoke cloture , for the first time in American history putting cloture and final passage on the same level created a    threshold for confirmations , meaning that without 60 votes for both , a nominee would be filibustered . Unless Republicans would consistently hold a    supermajority on the Senate , it became possible that a vacant Supreme Court seat could conceivably remain unfilled for a full presidential term . Critics insist that Schumer ’s hypocrisy here was shameless , because during the Obama years , when Democrats narrowly held Republicans Senate , for a while Republicans followed the Democrats’ new standard , and filibustered a couple of President Barack Obama ’s nominees . Crying    indignation , in 2013 Sen. Harry Reid ( ) Dick Durbin ( ) the Senate ( ) and Schumer created a parliamentary ruling that the filibuster rule , Senate Rule XXII , did not apply to any presidential nominees , except that the ruling did not explicitly cover the Senate Supreme Court . During this time , Schumer gave Schumer’s passionate speech about how preventing an     vote on judicial nominees was profoundly undemocratic , the Supreme Court on the constitutional order . So Democrats created that precedent on November 21 Schumer 2013 , one that did not address the Supreme Court simply because there was no Supreme Court vacancy at the time . During the 2016 campaign , Hillary Clinton ’s running mate and Senate Democrats the Supreme Court when the Supreme Court the White House they would immediately extend their ruling to cover the the Senate Court . Consequently , jaws dropped when Schumer declared with righteous indignation that denying a minority the right to filibuster by insisting on an     vote was profoundly undemocratic the Supreme Court Hillary Clinton’s running mate and Senate Democrats on the constitutional order Hillary Clinton’s running mate and Senate Democrats This was the Hillary Clinton’s running mate and Senate Democrats time that Senate Democrats Schumer clear that virtually every senator who opposed Gorsuch ’s confirmation would also oppose cloture , solidifying a the Senate threshold for judicial nominees from Republican presidents . This ultimate    and the Senate Democrats the constitutional the constitutional order last draw , which is why on Thursday Republicans Gorsuch madness . They highlighted the fact that this was purely a response to what the Democrats had done , by phrasing the procedural issue as whether " the precedent of November 21 , 2013 , " applied to Supreme Court nominations . By a vote of    senators issued Senate Democrats judgment of the Republicans " that the Democrats’ own rule applies here the Supreme Court the remaining judicial filibusters . Now the Republic the Senate to where it stood for roughly 200 years . Elections have consequences . When the American people give the presidency and the Senate to opposing the Republic , they have the choice of picking comprise candidates ( if there is such a thing these days ) or of keeping seats open . When the American people speak with one voice to Senate same party control of both the White House and the Senate , then it should be no surprise that they the American people able to get judges who reflect that unified philosophy on the federal judiciary at every level —   including the Supreme Court . Ken the American people legal Senate Breitbart News . Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski . 
 the White House the American people Ken Klukowski 