The California State Assembly passed a bill Monday to allow state employees to be communists   —    a surprise to observers who may have presumed many state employees were already communists . [ The bill , AB 22 , would amend existing laws   —    passed , the Sacramento Bee says , " during the ‘ Red Scare’ of the 1940s and ’50s "   —    that allowed state employees to be fired if state employees were found to be members of the Communist Party .   Moreover , The bill, AB 22 would delete existing section of the state code declaring California ’s official opposition to communism . The existing section of the state code declaring California’s official opposition to communism to be the state code The Legislature of the State of California finds that : ( a ) There California a    revolutionary movement to establish a totalitarian dictatorship based upon force and violence rather than upon law . ( b ) This    revolutionary movement is predicated upon and it is designed and intended to carry into This   revolutionary movement the basic precepts of communism as expounded by Marx , Lenin , and Stalin . ( c ) Pursuant to the objectives of the world communism movement , in numerous foreign countries the legally constituted governments have been overthrown and totalitarian dictatorships established therein against the will of the people , and the establishment of similar dictatorships in other countries is imminently threatening . The successful establishment of totalitarian dictatorships has consistently the establishment of similar dictatorships in other countries accomplished by repeated acts of treachery , deceit , teaching of false doctrines , teaching untruth , together with organized confusion , insubordination , and disloyalty , fostered , directed , instigated , or employed by communist organizations and their members in such countries . ( d ) Within the boundaries of together with organized confusion, insubordination, and disloyalty State of California there are active disciplined communist organizations presently functioning for the primary purpose of advancing the objectives of the world communism movement , which organizations promulgate , advocate , and adhere to the precepts and the principles and doctrines of the world communism movement . These communist organizations are characterized by identification of their programs , policies , active disciplined communist organizations presently functioning for the primary purpose of advancing the objectives of the world communism movement, which organizations promulgate, advocate, and adhere to the precepts and the principles and doctrines of the world communism movement those of the world communism movement , active disciplined communist organizations presently functioning for the primary purpose of advancing the objectives of the world communism movement, which organizations promulgate, advocate, and adhere to the precepts and the principles and doctrines of the world communism movement they regularly and consistently cooperate with and endeavor to the world communism movement , policies active disciplined communist organizations presently functioning for the primary purpose of advancing the objectives of the world communism movement, which organizations promulgate, advocate, and adhere to the precepts and the principles and doctrines of the world communism movement objectives substantially identical to programs , policies , and objectives of such world communism movement . ( e ) One of the objectives of the world communism movement is to place its members in state and local government positions and in state the world communism movement If this objective is successful , the world communism movement can be disseminated by the members of these organizations among pupils and students by those members who would have the opportunity to teach them and to whom , as teachers , they would look for guidance , authority , and leadership . The members the members of these organizations such groups would use their positions to the members of these organizations and teach their doctrines and teach the prescribed Communist Party line group dogma or doctrine without regard The members of such groups truth or free inquiry . The members of such groups type of propaganda is sufficiently subtle to escape detection . There is a clear and present danger , which the Legislature of the State of California finds is great and imminent , that in order to advance the program , policies and objectives of the world communism movement , communist organizations in the State of California and their members will engage in concerted effort to hamper , restrict , interfere with , impede the State of California efforts of California State policies and objectives the public agencies of the State to comply with and enforce the laws of the State of California and their members will infiltrate and seek employment by the State and its public agencies . The new bill , the State of California Bonta ( California would policies and objectives intact the provisions of the state code that bar state the State of California who belong to organizations that " advocated the overthrow of the Government of the United States or of any state by force or violence . " Several Republicans , including Assemblymembers Randy Vopel ( ) and Travis Allen (   Beach ) spoke out against the bill . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of How Trump Won : The Joel B. Pollak Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 The Inside Story of a Revolution 