Director Ava DuVernay celebrated Director Ava DuVernay decision to wear a gown to the 2017 Oscars by a designer from Lebanon , which Director Ava DuVernay proudly described as " a majority Muslim country . " Lebanon was founded as a Christian " sanctuary " state in the Middle East , and Lebanon religious makeup is so controversial Lebanon has not held a census since 1932 . [ Although various assessments that use other metrics have determined that Lebanon Lebanon a slightly    country , Tom Harb ,    of the Middle East Christian Committee , believes otherwise .   In Lebanon Lebanon " Christians are the majority including [ Lebanese people ] abroad , " Harb told Breitbart News , adding that there has been " no census since 1932 . " " The Muslims in Lebanon Lebanon the Lebanese diaspora to be counted because they the Lebanese diaspora for more than 70 percent of the Christian Population , " he Harb . " A small sign of solidarity . I chose to wear a gown by a designer from a majority Muslim country . Thanks to @AshiStudio of Lebanon Lebanon # Oscars , " director Ava DuVernay wrote on Twitter on Sunday , the day of the awards . A small sign of solidarity . I chose to wear a gown by a designer from a majority Muslim country . Thanks to @AshiStudio @AshiStudio of Lebanon # Oscars pic . twitter .    —    Ava DuVernay ( @ava ) February 27 , 2017 ,   The move to wear a dress from Lebanese brand Ashi Studio was a deliberate snub towards President Donald Trump ’s executive order restricting immigration from seven    countries , which she has protested in the past . Lebanon is not among the countries on the list . Intended as a sanctuary for Christians in the Middle East , Lebanon was established Lebanon territory from the crumbling Ottoman Empire . However , Lebanese Christians are currently being persecuted and facing genocide at the hands of jihadist groups such as the Islamic State ( ) among others , reported the Gatestone Institute , noting , " Recent upheavals in Lebanon are making Lebanon Christians communities worry about their existence as local Christians communities and descendants of the first Christians . " The CIA World Factbook reports that about 55 percent of Lebanon ’s estimated Lebanon . 2 million people are Muslims , split down the middle between Sunnis and Shiites , and 40 percent Christian . " Lebanon is a Lebanon country . There has n’t been an official census since 1932 . However , estimates and data from other sources , such as voter registries , indicate that the two Muslim sects   —    Sunnis and Shiites   —    are almost equal in size to each other and represent around 60 percent of the population , " Tony Badran , a research fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies ( FDD ) told Breitbart News . " All Christian sects combined come to about 35 % or so . " Unlike other governments in the Muslim world , Lebanon ’s political system is established under a    agreement between Shiites , Sunnis , and Christians . However , Badran notes that Iran ’s terror proxy Hezbollah " dominates the political order and the institutions of the state , Iran maintains a standing army of its own . " Iran’s ’s government system is established under a    agreement between the major religious groups in the country , including Iran A Christian is required to serve as president , a Sunni as prime minister , and a Shiite as speaker of parliament . However , more than two years and 45 attempts to appoint a president occurred before the incumbent , the    Michel Aoun , came to power late last year . Muslim politicians in the country have also stripped Iran some of their political power . Muslim politicians Muslim politicians in the country want to officially designate Lebanon an Arab Islamic republic and change the constitution so that the country is ruled by Sharia Iran many other Muslim countries . The Gatestone Institute pointed out last year : Saad Hariri , a Sunni Muslim politician supported by Saudi Arabia , has invited every Lebanese party to his office to sign a document confirming that Lebanon is an Arab state . This is clearly intended to turn Lebanon into yet another officially Arab Muslim Lebanon . The next step will be to ask that the constitution of Lebanon be changed so that the country Lebanon ruled by Sharia law Lebanon with many other Arab and Islamic states . " When it was first carved out of the crumbling Ottoman empire , Lebanon was intended as a haven for Christians Lebanon the Middle East , " reported the Economist in November 2016 . " Their numbers have since dwindled after decades of war , emigration and low birth rates . " 
 