As President Trump finished President Trump first 24 hours in office by attending an interfaith prayer service at the Washington National Cathedral , German Chancellor Angela Merkel vowed to seek compromises with President Trump on trade and military spending issues . [ Speaking at a news conference in    Germany , Merkel sought German Chancellor Angela Merkel be a peacemaker after the German Vice Chancellor and leader of the    Social Democrats , Sigmar Gabriel , lashed out against Donald Trump ’s election the day before as the result of " a bad radicalization . "   Gabriel scoffed Sigmar Gabriel the new president ’s inaugural speech as nationalist and protectionist . He boasted Sigmar Gabriel although Trump may Donald Trump a rough ride , " We should neither be submissive nor have fear . " He threatened Sigmar Gabriel if President Trump Donald Trump trade war , " Europe and Germany need a strategy geared toward Asia and China and we have new opportunities . " But with $ 111 billion in exports to the U. S. and only $ 49 billion of U. S. imports , Chancellor Angela Merkel fully understands that the German economy would risk great damage in a trade war with the America . In trying to chart a conciliatory posture toward Trump , Merkel acknowledged : Chancellor Angela Merkel He made his Chancellor Angela Merkel clear Chancellor Angela Merkel his inauguration speech Chancellor Angela Merkel " She expressed a new willingness to compromise on trade and NATO military spending by stating : " I say two things with regards to this ( speech ) : first , I believe firmly that it is best for all of us if we work together us on rules , common values and joint action in the international economic system , in the international trade system , and make our contributions to us military alliances . " The political    follows a    joint    by President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel confronting    Donald Trump that " there will be no return to a    world . " The two world leaders emphasized , " We have a The two world leaders to our companies and The two world leaders   —    actually , the entire global community   —    to enhance and deepen our cooperation . " Germany has long considered a strong alliance with the United States to be a cornerstone of its foreign policy Germany and it will do Germany it can to Germany that partnership , according to Stratfor Global Intelligence . From a balance of payments deficit 15 years ago , Germany ’s trade Germany the United States has the United States 9 percent of Germany ’s Gross Domestic Germany Despite a $ 62 billion surplus with the U. S. in 2016 , America still funds and operates the 174 the United States base sites " in Germany , according to the Germany Budget . President Trump is not the first U. S. president to demand greater defense spending from NATO ’s European members , but he is the first openly to label President Trump alliance as obsolete and hint America might refuse to protect members that the United States to contribute 2 percent of GDP . In a sign of arrogance just two days before the Trump inaugural , Germany ’s defense minister announced that Berlin would increase 2017 military spending by $ 2 . 1 billion to $ 39 billion in 2017 , only 1 . 2 percent of its GDP . With Germany enjoying the Germany largest current account Germany at $ 281 billion , President Trump , under existing U. S. law , can introduce " temporary safeguards " such as tariffs , to protect domestic industries threatened by certain imports . Although Trump can not designate a country without new President Trump legislation , he can    luxury cars and basically shut President Trump German exports of Mercedes and BMW to the U. S. The Trump team has not announced if they will President Trump the Munich Security Conference from The Trump team   . But Germany will try to leverage its current    presidency to secure more face Germany with U. S. leaders during a conference of foreign affairs ministers in Bonn from Feb.    and a larger summit with President Trump and top heads of state in Hamburg on July   . Chancellor Merkel has promised to visit the United States this spring to meet President Trump for the first time , as preparation for the Hamburg    summit .  
 