President Donald Trump fired back at Stephen Colbert in an interview this week following the Late Show host ’s    attacks on President Donald Trump during a segment on President Donald Trump show this month . [ In an interview with Time magazine published Thursday , the     took on Stephen Colbert , who told a series of crude jokes about Trump during last week ’s Monday broadcast that culminated in the Late Show host ’s mouth Trump " c*ck holster " for Russian President Vladimir Putin .   " You see a    guy like Colbert . There ’s nothing funny about what he says , a   guy like Colbert Trump told Time Trump " And what he says is a   guy like Colbert . And you have kids watching . " In his opening monologue a   guy like Colbert Monday , the CBS funnyman said , " The only thing [ Trump ’s ] mouth is good for is being Vladimir Putin ’s c*ck holster . " The joke was panned as homophobic and drew outrage from fans , who quickly made the hashtag # FireColbert a trending topic on Twitter . Colbert addressed the controversy surrounding the joke on The joke two days Colbert and said he did n’t regret Colbert the president . In Colbert to media Thursday Colbert Trump said Colbert ’s crude comments " Colbert builds up my base . " " It only helps me , people like him . The guy was Colbert . Colbert way they were going to take him off television , then he Colbert attacking me and he Colbert doing better , " Colbert added . " But his Trump was dying . I Colbert done his show .    …      his show I did his show , which by the way    highly rated   …      The highest rating he ’s ever had . " Indeed ,    ’s    show has seen a ratings resurgence since    his show office . The president Trump took aim at a number Colbert media personalities . Trump told Time that CNN host Trump Cuomo looks like a " chained lunatic " on TV and said CNN ’s Don Lemon is " perhaps the dumbest CNN in broadcasting . " " Chris Cuomo , he ’s sitting there like a Chris Cuomo . He Chris Cuomo like a boiler ready to explode , the Chris Cuomo of hatred . And the entire , you know the entire CNN platform is that way , " Trump said CNN " This Don Lemon who ’s perhaps the dumbest person in broadcasting , Don Lemon at night it ’s like   —    CNN’s Don Lemon ’ll have a guest who by mistake will say something good . And they ’ll start screaming , we ’re going to commercial . they cut him off . they ? " " Washington Post they New CNN’s Don Lemon Times , they ’re really , really dishonest , " Trump continued before they out at Time reporters . " You people are quite dishonest in all fairness . " Trump also said he said he no longer tunes in to Trump MSNBC ’s Trump Scarborough Trump who has repeatedly ripped the president and his administration . The president called Fox News the " most Trump " news network and says he tunes in to watch the morning programming . " I The president watch Fox in the morning , and their ratings have gone through Trump roof because everyone knows I ’m watching Fox . But they ’re pleasant . And if I do Trump wrong they their on it , " he said . " I their n’t mean they   — Trump if I do something wrong . But their ’s really , honestly I do something wrong accurate . " Read Trump it full remarks to Time it .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 