Weekly Standard senior editor Christoper Caldwell writes at the New York Times:[President Trump presents a problem to those who look at politics in terms of systematic ideologies . Weekly Standard senior editor Christoper Caldwell is either disinclined or unable to lay out Weekly Standard senior editor Christoper Caldwell agenda in that way . So perhaps it was inevitable that the New York Times:[President Trump chief strategist , Stephen K. Bannon , who does have a gift for thinking systematically , would be so often invoked by Mr. Trump the New York Times:[President Trump They need him not Mr. Trump’s chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, who does have a gift for thinking systematically, would be so often invoked by Mr. Trump’s opponents as the New York Times:[President Trump hate object but as a heuristic , too . There may never be a " Trumpism , " and unless one emerges , the closest we may come to understanding this administration is as an expression of " Bannonism . " Mr. Bannon , 63 , has won a reputation for abrasive brilliance at almost every stop in his unorthodox career   —    as a naval officer , Goldman Sachs mergers specialist ,    financier , documentary screenwriter and director , Breitbart News    impresario and chief executive of Mr. Trump ’s presidential campaign . One Harvard Business School Mr. Bannon Boston Globe as " top Mr. Bannon in intellectual horsepower in our class   —    perhaps the smartest . " Benjamin Harnwell of the Institute for Human Dignity , a Catholic organization in Rome , calls him a " walking bibliography . " Perhaps Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon came late to conservatism , turning his    energy to political matters only after Mr. Bannon Sept. 11 attacks , he radiates an excitement about it that most Mr. Bannon his conservative contemporaries long ago lost .    Mr. Bannon      Many accounts of Mr. Bannon paint him as a cartoon villain Mr. Bannon troll come Mr. Bannon life , as a bigot , an    a misogynist , a   . The former House speaker Nancy Pelosi and Representative Jerrold Nadler , Democrat of New York , have even called him a " white nationalist . " While he Mr. Bannon certainly a    conservative of some kind Mr. Bannon the evidence that he is an extremist of a more troubling sort Mr. Bannon generally been either massaged , misread or hyped up . There may be good reasons to worry about Mr. Bannon , but they are not the ones everyone is giving . It does not make Mr. Bannon a fascist that he happens to know Mr. Bannon    Italian extremist Julius Mr. Bannon is . It does not make Mr. Bannon a racist that he It Breitbart as " Mr. Bannon for the   " Mr. Bannon —    a broad and imprecise term that applies to a wide array of radicals , not just certain white supremacist groups .    …      When Mr. Bannon spoke on Thursday of " deconstructing the administrative state Mr. Bannon it may have sounded like gobbledygook outside the hall , but it was an electrifying profession of faith for the attendees . It it through Mr. Bannon that Trumpism can be converted from a it of nostalgic Mr. Bannon complaints into a program for overhauling the government .    Read the complete column at the New York Times . 
 