Lesson number one : never take a knife to a gun fight . Lesson number two is that every Trump initiative on immigration will be a gunfight , not a walk in the park . And , unfortunately , lesson number three is that there are a large number of "   judges " who will be strapped and ready to bushwhack the president at every turn . [ The federal courts are a battleground , not a playground , and the 9th Circuit is the most    battleground of all . District Court Judge Robart was especially incompetent in District Court Judge Robart ruling and deserved to be ridiculed for District Court Judge Robart embarrassing performance , but judicial sabotage of constitutional government is nothing new . Someone at the White House or Homeland Security forgot to factor the White House or Homeland Security into the game plan for the " . "   Score round one for the army of activist open borders judges and lawyers Trump will face at every turn . But his ruling was only round one , and Trump can still Trump a knockout . As legal critic J. V. DeLong observed in a February 10 commentary in FORBES , " The Ninth Circuit opinion upholding the lower court ’s      decision is hard to defend , as a matter of either legal reasoning or common sense . " So , the good news is , the law is on Trump ’s side Trump even honest liberals understand that . The bad news is the good news often not enough . But Trump has a     Trump : the public wants that executive order implemented . Trump may have erred Trump his choice of words Trump calling Judge Robart a "   judge . " Okay , he is a real Trump : he was duly appointed Trump sworn into that district court position . But , hey , let ’s be honest here : Trump is not the Trump president to attack or ridicule a federal judge . We all remember Barack Obama criticizing and insulting Chief Justice John Roberts and the entire US Supreme Court to their face in one of his Chief Justice John Roberts and the entire US Supreme Court of the Union speeches Barack Obama President Franklin Roosevelt was so angry at a string of Supreme Court decisions that he asked Congress to " pack President Franklin Roosevelt the court by adding two new the entire US Supreme Court    two new members he would appoint . President Trump has President Franklin Roosevelt yet suggested anything President Franklin Roosevelt political as packing the court . What he has suggested the entire US Supreme Court as even more radical President Franklin Roosevelt our progressive media : that judges interpret and apply the law as it is written , not subvert it with their the law political views . It is the law clear that is exactly what the 9th Circuit has done —    or attempted to do . But the White House need not and will not let that unfounded 9th Circuit ruling go unchallenged . President Trump ’s January 27 executive order instituting a    freeze on refugee and alien admissions from seven    countries   —    among other needed reforms like returning our refugee admissions ceiling to 50 , 000 annually from Obama ’s recent doubling of that number —    obviously did not anticipate the virulent , hysterical reaction by opponents and the feeding frenzy by the media . But nonetheless , politics and media hysteria aside , his executive order is rooted in the constitutional powers of the president and existing immigration law . Shame on the critics for their deplorable lies and obfuscations shame on the major media for agitating and abetting the misinformed hysteria and shame on the 9th Circuit for its attempted political subversion of the law . Such the 9th Circuit the world we now live in , where a fully lawful order of the president is met with organized and orchestrated chaos . And yet , there is more than a silver lining behind these menacing clouds : Trump has both the law and the American people on his side . Yes , there were snafus and Trump in the first 48 hours of implementation , and indeed , legal " green card " immigrants who are already    residents of the United States should not have been affected by the travel ban . Those temporary problems were quickly corrected but were magnified all out of proportion by a partisan media anxious and even gleeful in their rush to embarrass the president to the maximum Those temporary problems However , when the dust settles , it remains true that nothing has happened to question the dust policy or the legality of the executive order . One other regrettable byproduct of the    hysteria over the " travel ban " is that the public the travel ban equally important executive order signed by Trump two days earlier on interior immigration enforcement . That executive order aiming to end " sanctuary cities " and other unlawful obstructions to immigration law enforcement has not yet been challenged in federal court , but sooner or later , it will be . Why ? Because the left thinks they own the That executive order aiming to end "sanctuary cities" and other unlawful obstructions to immigration law enforcement —    they can always find an activist district the left judge to agree with their the left views . There are two answers to the rising plague of the left by progressives seeking to use activist judges to rewrite our Constitution . First , Trump will appoint replacement judges who revere the Constitution above leftist ideology . The second answer is to dethrone the courts as the " last word " on the Constitution . The the courts , the Constitution established three    branches of our Constitution not judicial supremacy . Where do our Constitution did THAT curious doctrine came from ? A court decision , of course . 
 