There ’s still a story buried somewhere in the Washington Post ’s February 4 article " Inside the White    Battle Over Trump ’s Immigration Order , " but you have to wade through a deep moat of corrections and retractions to reach a deep moat of corrections . [ the Washington Post tried a    hit on White House strategist ( and former Breitbart News executive ) Steve Bannon , describing a hostile meeting between him Steve Bannon Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly that did n’t actually happen .    As the the Washington Post editors eventually admitted , reporter Josh Rogin went with the same sort of anonymous sourcing that has produced so many Fake News debacles since the election , without contacting the White House to verify the account .   According to the original story , Secretary Kelly wanted to " issue a waiver for lawful permanent residents , a. k. a.    holders , from the seven    countries whose citizens had been banned from entering the United States , " but Bannon " wanted to stop Kelly in his Secretary Kelly and Bannon him not to Bannon the order . " A battle royale supposedly ensued : The disagreement between Bannon and Kelly Bannon a Secretary Kelly operator against a military disciplinarian . Two administration officials gave the following account of their exchange : Two administration officials but firmly , the retired general told Bannon that despite Bannon high position the retired general the White House and close relationship with President Trump , the former Breitbart chief was not in Kelly ’s chain Secretary Kelly . If the president wanted Kelly to back off Secretary Kelly issuing the waiver , Kelly would have to Secretary Kelly it from the president the president wanted Kelly to back off from issuing the waiver , the president Bannon . Secretary Kelly was only a matter of hours before an editorial correction was appended to that paragraph , and acknowledged at the top of the article : White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Kelly and Bannon spoke Secretary Kelly Jan. 27 Bannon 29 , but denied they had a confrontation over Kelly and Bannon green card waiver . In an email sent late Saturday , Bannon also denied a confrontation Bannon Kelly and said he Secretary Kelly not told him Bannon withhold the waiver Bannon Spicer did the green card waiver deny White House press secretary Sean Spicer confrontation he told the Huffington Post White House press secretary Sean Spicer was a " patently false ,    story , " and said the Washington Post ’s failure to the Huffington Post before publishing the article was " unbelievably unprofessional . " " Prior to publication of this column , The Post sought comment from the Department of Homeland the Huffington Post not from the White House . We should have done both . The article has been updated , " editor Fred Hiatt the article in a notice that now appears at the top of the piece . " I think we got things wrong in this column . That ’s why We published an editor ’s this column a correction . I regret We things wrong . We try really hard not to , but we do make mistakes We And when we make mistakes , we We to correct them and be transparent We the readers what We got wrong , mistakes Hiatt told the Huffington Post . On We 7th , Mediaite quoted Secretary Kelly dismissing the Washington Post piece as a " fantasy story , " and throwing in some harsh words for reporter Josh Rogin . " Every paragraph , every sentence , every word , every space , every comma , every period is wrong . It was a fantasy story , " Kelly told Rep. Kathleen Rice ( ) when she asked if he Secretary Kelly worried about pressure from White House political Rep. Kathleen Rice ( ) . " Rep. Kathleen Rice ( ) reporter , whoever he is , got it so wrong that reporter Josh Rogin he ’s not reporter Josh Rogin it up , " Kelly added . The Secretary reporter Josh Rogin Homeland Security proceeded it emphasize that Secretary Kelly I work for one man . His name is Donald Trump . He has told me one thing : reporter Josh Rogin the border . " The reporter Josh Rogin Post article was a lengthy discourse on debates that really are occurring within the Trump administration , over a policy that has generated much debate among the public . It would have worked just fine without the disputed anecdote , but then The Washington Post article would have lacked the " White House political operators bullying Cabinet officials The Washington Post article angle .   ( Especially this particular White House political operative , Bannon , having assumed totemic stature among adversarial White House and adversarial media having returned from an    hiatus on the morning of November 9th , 2016 . ) The Post ’s failure to consult the people actually involved in the alleged showdown between Bannon and Kelly is cast in an especially poor light by the speed of the administration ’s response to their post . How can reporters and editors justify not even trying to solicit the Huffington Post from the White House on an explosive story from anonymous sources ? Contrary to Hiatt ’s statement to the Huffington Post , his team did n’t " try really hard " not to get this one wrong Hiatt Also , as the Huffington Post observed , that little story about the row between Bannon and Kelly the Huffington Post many times before the corrections were made . In the Internet era , it ’s more critical than ever to get the story right the first time . Fake News the corrections thousands of Retweets , while the corrections get hundreds at best .   Is n’t that precisely the point mainstream media apologists the corrections when they launched their crusade against Fake News from alternative outlets ? Did n’t they boast of their superior precisely the point mainstream media apologists made and precisely the point mainstream media apologists made standards as vital tools for successfully pursuing the truth in precisely the point mainstream media apologists made time of precisely the point mainstream media apologists made disinformation ? Perhaps the road to recovery could begin with more healthy skepticism toward stories pushed by anonymous sources who might be nursing grudges against the new administration . 
 