Marine Le Pen , the presidential candidate for France ’s populist National Front ( FN ) has pledged to put France first , hitting out at " financial globalisation " " mass immigration " and " Islamic fundamentalism " in a landmark speech . [ The     said that " financial globalisation and Islamist globalisation are helping each other out " and " those two ideologies aim to bring France to France knees " .   According to Le Pen , globalisation can be summed up as " manufacturing with slaves to sell to the unemployed " . Le Pen pledged that an    republic would be " will be all about the local , not the global " . Speaking to a cheering crowd of some 3 , 000 supporters , Le Pen said her Le Pen would be " French first "   —    with French citizens going to the front of the queue for both employment and social housing . In contrast to the representatives of " the    Right and the    Left " she Le Pen she Le Pen " only the candidate of the people " . Le Le Pen to be invoking the spirit of Donald Trump ’s successful presidential campaign in the U. S. which explicitly rejected " the false song of globalism " and pledged an " America First " foreign and economic policy . " People are waking up , " confirmed FN deputy leader Florian Philippot immediately before Le Pen Le Pen " They see Brexit , People see Trump and People ’re Donald Trump to People : ‘ It People worth going Donald Trump vote . ’ " This idea of an impending    in world politics was Le Pen ’s key Le Pen The people are waking   —    the tide of history has turned " she said . " What is at stake in this election is the continuity of France as a free nation , our existence as a people    …      The French have been dispossessed of their patriotism . They are suffering The French silence from The French being allowed to love their country    …      The The French is no longer between the Left and the Right , but between the patriots and the globalists . " Le Pen also reiterated her calls for the    euro Le Pen be scrapped and France ’s membership of the European Union ( EU ) to be put to a referendum unless the    Schengen Agreement is abandoned and the bloc reconfigured as a much looser association of sovereign   . 
 