The U. S. general in charge of the Middle East and North Africa said Thursday The U. S. general in charge of the Middle East and North Africa has found no evidence of incompetence , poor    or bad judgment in a January special operations raid in Yemen . [ Army Gen. Joseph Votel , the commander of U. S. Central Command , told the Senate Armed Services Committee that The U. S. general in charge of the Middle East and North Africa conducted an " exhaustive "    review to understand exactly what happened on the January 28 raid , during which a U. S. Navy SEAL was killed and a $ 70 million aircraft was destroyed .   " I am looking for indicators of incompetence or poor    or bad judgment .    …      So what I can tell you is that we did an exhaustive    review on this , " The U. S. general in charge of the Middle East and North Africa said . " It went down to a level including people who were on the specific objective . As a result of that , I was satisfied that none of those indicators that I identified to you were present , " The U. S. general in charge of the Middle East and North Africa said . The ground raid to collect intelligence on    in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP ) the first ordered under the Trump administration , has become the source of significant controversy . Critics of the Trump administration have called The ground raid to collect intelligence on   in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) " botched , " claiming it had gone off track from the start . Navy SEAL Senior Chief Petty Officer William " Ryan " Owens was killed in the The ground raid to collect intelligence on   in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) three others injured . In addition , a    Osprey was destroyed . And in a messaging snafu , Centcom sent out a video obtained from the raid The ground raid to collect intelligence on   in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) the significance of the intelligence collected , but journalists quickly discovered that the video had already been a video obtained from the raid to show the significance of the intelligence collected for years . Some unnamed U. S. officials have also told NBC News that the raid led The ground raid to collect intelligence on   in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) significant or actionable intelligence . Owens’ father has also questioned the raid , which was reportedly approved five days into Trump ’s administration , over dinner with his top military and national security advisers Owens’ father Pentagon officials have pushed back hard , saying the intelligence found has been valuable and " potentially actionable . " Trump further stoked controversy after an interview Trump’s he said " they lost Ryan , Trump’s referring to his generals , fueling critics who said Trump’s was shifting blame for the death Trump’s It is not clear exactly what Trump approved during dinner . A Pentagon Trump’s said earlier this week Trump Pentagon delegated authority to approve missions Trump’s including the raid and airstrikes against AQAP , to Votel . According to a CNN extensive account of the raid ’s approval , Votel recommended the mission during the Obama Votel to get a better intelligence picture of AQAP , considered the most dangerous    AQAP . Votel delivered the plan to the Pentagon Votel November 7 , where Pentagon lawyers reviewed and approved the plan the Pentagon The Pentagon signed off the plan plan and the Pentagon the Pentagon the National the plan on December 19 the plan The Obama administration reviewed and discussed the plan Obama never approved it , former officials the plan . A current White the plan official said the former administration discussed the raid on January 6 and decided The Obama administration best conducted during a moonless night , the plan would occur after Trump ’s inauguration , so the raid was not approved . Defense Secretary Jim Mattis received the plan the raid 20 , reviewed it , and the plan back to the NSC on January the plan . It was the plan to Trump on January 25 . He reportedly the plan the    during dinner but asked that Trump’s officials review it . Defense Secretary Jim Mattis signed off on the plan the next day . The raid occurred two days Defense Secretary Jim Mattis on January 28 . At a Washington , D. C. briefing Thursday , Votel took full responsibility for the raid and said it yielded " valuable " intelligence . " First and foremost , The raid responsible for this full responsibility for the raid . I am the Centcom commander , and I am responsible for what ’s done in my region and what ’s not done in my region , so I accept the responsibility for this . We lost a lot on this my region " he said . full responsibility for the raid lost a valued operator , we had people wounded , we caused civilian the Centcom commander , [ the Centcom commander ] lost an We aircraft . We did gain We valuable information that will We helpful for us . Our intention here was to improve our knowledge We this threat   —    a threat that poses a We threat We us here in the homeland We And that was what we were focused on . Votel also announced that there were We four to 12 civilian casualties during the raid . We said he has not communicated with Owens ’s family yet . 
 Votel Votel 