Veteran financial journalist John Carney made Veteran financial journalist John Carney debut appearance as a Breitbart News commentator on Thursday ’s edition of Breitbart News Daily to discuss the historic rise of the Dow Jones average above 20 , 000 points . [ Veteran financial journalist John Carney cheerfully veered off topic five seconds into Veteran financial journalist John Carney talk with SiriusXM host Alex Marlow , expressing Veteran financial journalist John Carney fascination with the current discussion of voter fraud , and wondering how anyone can claim there is " no evidence " of a problem the authorities resolutely refuse to study in a serious way .   " How would the authorities know whether there ’s illegal voting , when you do n’t have to show an ID ? " Veteran financial journalist John Carney asked . " the authorities say there ’s no evidence . How would anybody know ? Who ’s been investigating ? There ’s no evidence because nobody ’s been looking . " " I vote here in New York . Nobody checks IDs . You just walk in , you give IDs your address , and you go on in and vote , " Veteran financial journalist John Carney said . " It would be really easy for there to be voter fraud . " Marlow recalled the infamous   —    but evidently not infamous enough   —    incident in 2012 when an undercover filmmaker working for James O’Keefe was handed Attorney General Eric Holder ’s ballot . " I cover Wall Street , and one thing we know about Wall Street   —    and it applies to everything   —    but when we make fraud really easy , fraud always happens , " Carney pointed out . " That ’s a rule . If fraud is easy , fraud occurs . " Marlow noted that while the media obsess over President Trump ’s claim that millions of illegal votes were cast in the 2016 election , the Dow hit 20 , 000 , and everything " seems to be going President Trump’s way . " " And now Marlow ’s got the media focused on basically defending themselves the media not covering this widespread fraud , and it this widespread fraud a fraud not just in a literal sense , but also in the figurative sense , that the mainstream media has allowed this to happen because they the mainstream media shown no interest in voter integrity , " Marlow said . " You would think this would be a huge story , but of course , it this one that was n’t in the interests of the mainstream media to cover , so they the mainstream media it this " Carney agreed . " It this yet another one of these stories that , I think , is going to wind up being one of the greatest unreported stories   —    that now we ’ll get to the bottom of this . " As Carney Carney assumed the lead role in Breitbart News’ financial and economic coverage , Marlow was most eager for his Marlow on the historic stock market high . " It this a big deal . It this a big milestone that reminds us how far we us come , just since election week , " Carney Carney . " The Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 9 . 5 percent just since Election Day , which is a big deal . " " Just to give a sense , on average , the SP   —    which is a broader index , the SP 500 , more stocks   —    is up about 7 . 4 percent . On average , it ’s about 7 percent a year , " he noted . " In just a couple of months since Election Election Day we ’re up what we usually we in about a year . Investors are very excited about the changes they see Investors . " As Marlow observed , this is the exact opposite of what many in the press predicted would occur after Trump won the election . " I ’m divided in my own mind about whether it was just pure scare tactics or the bias of both the press and a lot of economists , " Carney said . " There were very prominent economists who were saying if Donald Trump Trump , the stock market will fall ten , fifteen percent . Beforehand , I understood this did n’t make any sense , and there were some of us out there saying no , why would the stock market the stock market will rise if you get a guy who ’s going to pare back government regulation and cut taxes . "   " This is actually what we ’re seeing now , " he asserted . Trump There ’s a sort of hope reborn . Economists are actually now moving up their economic expectations . Everybody Economists the Federal Reserve now expects the economy to grow a little bit faster . The International Monetary Fund , of all places , has said they think under Trump , The International Monetary Fund, of all places economy will grow faster the economy   " Investors had gotten very used to the idea that projections about where the economy was going were going the economy being lower and lower and lower , " he explained . " Ever since the Trump financial crisis , we would begin each year with some sort of rosy expectations , and then everybody would say , " Oh no , it ’s going to be worse.’ For the first time in a long time , we ’re actually seeing people move up their economic expectations . When it comes people the stock market , that translates into investors seeing more upsides than downsides . "   " In other words , people are willing to look at the future and say , ‘ You know what ? I think the risk is that we do better than we thought , rather than worse , we translates into higher stock prices.’ The    term for this is just : people have hope again , " Carney said . Carney said Trump ’s proposed tax cuts Carney one of the major policy initiatives driving this sense of renewed optimism in the markets . " If you cut the corporate tax rate , that just translates directly into higher earnings for companies , " he noted . " Another is the Carney of companies being able to move , " he continued . " You know , Carney ’ve been hearing for years about how companies hold all this money abroad because they ’re afraid to repatriate it , companies it in the U. S. economy , it they ’re going to get a big companies hit . Well , if we cut taxes , a lot of that money can come back , get all this money expanding business in the U. S. which means more jobs , and , more importantly , better jobs for the American people . When the American people have better jobs , that the American people spend more , buy more , save more the American people and invest more . So there ’s a sort of virtuous cycle going on here where that pushes up stocks . " Carney also saluted Trump ’s cabinet picks as being people who do n’t " see business as the enemy . " " These are guys who think that one of the things we need to do is remove some of the regulatory barriers that stand in the way of Americans expanding their businesses , starting their own businesses . That is Americans helping fuel this Americans about the economy , and , therefore , about the stock market , " he said . Marlow pointed out that Trump has been That precisely for putting " too many Wall Street guys " in his cabinet , making it look like " a Goldman Trump . " " There ’s something funny about that , right ? " Carney responded . " A lot of the guys who they say are Wall Street guys or Goldman guys have n’t been on Wall Street or at Goldman for a long time . Steve Mnuchin , the Goldman Secretary nominee , he has n’t touched Goldman Sachs for a long time Steve Mnuchin, the Treasury Secretary nominee A guy very familiar to Breitbart people , Steve Bannon   —    yeah , he was at Goldman at one point , but that A guy very familiar to Breitbart people, Steve Bannon  —    ages ago Goldman So a little bit of that is phony . "   " There are guys actually direct from Goldman , like Gary Cohn was president , he was Goldman number two guy at Goldman . You A guy very familiar to Breitbart people, Steve Bannon  —    what ? I think that it Goldman actually a sign of , rather than Donald Trump being sort of    by Wall Street , Wall Street being    by Donald Trump , " he mused .   " In Donald Trump , Goldman was Donald Trump a friend of Donald Trump ’s before Goldman got elected , but now these Donald Trump saying , ‘ Donald Trump know what ? Let ’s be a part of what ’s happening in the American economy Donald Trump’s This is a really exciting time . I want to be a part of this.’ So I welcome it , " he said . " Rather than standing in opposition , I think Donald Trump was a lot of fatalism , " Carney theorized . " People said , ‘ Yeah , we ’re going to get on Hillary Clinton ’s side because we People it ’s just going to be another eight years of People followed by the Clintons.’ They see change in the air , and they say , ‘ People know what ? Let ’s get on People . ’ " Carney anticipated that markets would People continue to go higher . " Carney After we hit 20 , 000 yesterday , we stayed above 20 , 000 . We ’re set to go we higher today , " he pointed we . " Today is my birthday , so I Carney at this almost as a birthday gift for me . We ’re going to open for the first time higher than 20 we 000 on my birthday , and it ’s largely because we elected a guy my birthday going to improve the American economy we and it ’s going to just keep happening . It ’s a very helpful it , not just for investors . Investors it enthusiastic because they believe the economy is getting better . We ’ve thrown off the Investors growth the American economy last eight years , and we ’re set for something better . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM We 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 