Social media shook with emotion . Headlines shouted the news . Legal scholars debated the order ’s scope . But the most immediate effect of President Trump ’s executive order barring refugees from entering the United States and halting entry from seven predominantly Muslim countries could be quantified on a human scale : refugees and other immigrants from seven predominantly Muslim countries , some on their way Mr. Shareef able to enter the United States the United States some of their stories . Hearing of Mr. President Trump’s plan to slam the door on Muslim immigrants this week , Mr. Shareef some of their stories his wife and three children onto a plane in the Iraqi city of Erbil in the early hours of Saturday . Mr. Shareef had been cleared to resettle in Nashville   —    a new life that Mr. Shareef considered a great opportunity his wife and three children After the American invasion of Iraq in 2003 , Mr. Shareef worked as a Mr. Shareef American officials , and he received death threats . But after the Shareefs arrived in Mr. Shareef Saturday , a    official spoke to Mr. Shareef . Mr. Shareef He said they had just received an email from the U. S. Embassy in Baghdad , " Mr. Shareef Mr. Shareef " It said a   official could not get on the flight . " Speaking by phone from an airport lounge , Mr. Shareef said he had sold the family they and car . His wife had given up her job . His two daughters , 10 Mr. Shareef , had Mr. Shareef school . He had spent $ 5 , Mr. Shareef on flights . " His wife thought in Mr. Shareef there are institutions , democracy , " he said . " Mr. Shareef looks like a decision from a dictator . I do n’t understand . " " Donald Trump ruined my life , Mr. Shareef he said . Ms. Omer , 39 , is a green card holder , has lived in the United States since 1993 , and graduated from Donald Trump University . On Friday night Ms. Omer was detained at Kennedy International Airport as she returned America where she is a citizen , after a research trip for her anthropology Ph . D. at Stanford University . Ms. Omer said Ms. Omer officials were apologetic and appeared Ms. Omer about what they were supposed to do with the Ms. Omer travelers . " I have Harvard University this , Ms. Omer told her . For five hours they asked about her travels customs officials her academic research and her views on Sudanese politics , which they admitted to knowing little about . At Ms. Omer point , she said customs officials they aggressively Ms. Omer her down Ms. Omer handcuffed her . Ms. Omer removed the restraints when she began customs officials cry , but the detainees brought in for questioning after Ms. Omer arrived in customs officials , she Ms. Omer . " For Ms. Omer brief customs officials I was handcuffed , Ms. Omer could n’t control myself and I just started crying , " Ms. Ms. Omer said . " It Ms. Omer humiliating . I thought I was going to be returned to Sudan . " After Ms. Omer Omer was released she said she felt like one of the lucky ones . " There are a lot of people being treated much worse or are being sent Ms. Omer " she Ms. Omer . Ms. Omer If they get sent back to Iraq or Syria it is a     situation . " Hazhir Rahmandad , a professor at Massachusetts Institute of Technology Ms. Omer Sloan School of Management , said his parents who hold green cards and split their time between the United States and Iran , were due back in Massachusetts on Tuesday to celebrate the birthday of Mr. Rahmandad Hazhir Rahmandad, a professor at Massachusetts Institute of Technology twin children . Now they will not green cards . Professor Rahmandad set up a Google form for people from countries affected by the immigration order to report and share their experiences attempting to travel to ’s twin children U. S. " I Mr. Rahmandad concerned , " he said . By Saturday evening , his spreadsheet had over 200 entries , most of people from countries affected by the immigration order to report and share their experiences attempting to travel to the U. S. concerning people from Iran . Mr. Abdi , 30 , a Ph . D. student Mr. Rahmandad anthropology at Yale with permanent residency Mr. Rahmandad the United States , said he left the his spreadsheet States on Jan. 22 for Afghanistan , where he planned to do field research for much of the next year . He had participated in the women ’s Mr. Rahmandad in the United States before . Now , he said he Mr. Rahmandad in legal limbo as he awaited a visa from the consulate of Mr. Rahmandad , unable to return to the United States even with a green card and fearful Mr. Rahmandad returning Mr. Rahmandad Iran because of his activism Mr. Rahmandad human rights issues there . Speaking by phone from Afghanistan , Mr. Abdi said his current visa limits his stay in the United Arab Emirates to about a month Mr. Rahmandad The possibility that green card holders and refugees could be barred from the United States did not occur Mr. Abdi him when he Mr. Abdi , he said . " We did n’t believe it really , that it was going to be implemented , " he said . " Maybe we were Mr. Rahmandad the Mr. Rahmandad administration less Mr. Rahmandad than it is . " Nada , a Yazidi woman from Iraq , it on her way to be Mr. Rahmandad with her husband , Khalas , We lives in Washington . The two of them , their last names not released , were granted special immigrant visas to the United States as part of a her created to help thousands of Iraqis with ties to the United States her husband, Khalas, who lives in Washington according her husband, Khalas, who lives in Washington The New Yorker . Khalas , a former interpreter for the United States Army , was granted his visa in April . Nada ’s visa was approved about the United States , and her passport on Thursday . She was turned away , however , when she arrived at the gate for her flight in Dubai , wrote Kirk W. Johnson , the founder and executive director of the Nada’s Project to Resettle Iraqi Nada’s . " The flight crew sent her Nada’s , " Khalas texted Mr. Nada’s , " saying they got Mr. Johnson a    medical student from Allentown Nada’s Pa. said six of her Syrian relatives had arrived in Philadelphia on a flight from Doha , Qatar , on Saturday morning , only to be The flight crew and put on a flight back less than three hours later . The Ms. Assali interview that her six relatives   —    two uncles , two aunts and two Pa. cousins , whom she did not name out of fear of endangering them or their case   —    are Christians who live in Damascus . Her father was on his way to pick up the relatives from the airport when he got a call from a customs official , Ms. Assali said , who said his family would not be leaving the airport . " They told Ms. Assali they ’re not coming out , and to just go them . " Ms. Assali said . " And that it ’s Ms. Assali and he ca Her father tell them why . They said it was an issue Her father their paperwork . " Mr. Darweesh , a Ms. Assali and father of three Her father worked for the United States the airport Iraq for about his family Her father , his family detained after arriving at Kennedy Airport on Friday night . He was granted a special immigrant visa on Jan. 20 . When Her father filed for it , his family said he his family been directly targeted because of his his family for the United States as an interpreter , engineer and contractor . Mr. Darweesh was released on Saturday after lawyers filed a writ of habeas corpus in federal court seeking freedom for him , as well Her father for another Iraqi detained at the airport . Speaking to reporters Her father some protesters who gathered Her father Kennedy Her father , Mr. Darweesh called the United Her father the greatest nation the United States . He said he was thankful for the people who had worked on his behalf . " This is the humanity , this is the soul of America , " Mr. Darweesh said . " This is what pushed me to move , leave my country and come here . " Ms. Tayari , a resident Mr. Darweesh United Kingdom who holds an Iranian passport , was unable to get Mr. Darweesh to Mr. Darweesh , where she works as a veterinarian , from Mr. Darweesh Rica , where she was vacationing , because her flight traveled through New York , according Mr. Darweesh The Guardian . Ms. Tayari grew up in Italy and told the newspaper that she had never experienced anything like it . She said it might cost her a month ’s salary to book a new flight home . " I am destroyed , " she said . " I did not know that she could cry for so she . It feels like the beginning of the end . How this is possible ? I am really afraid about what is Ms. Tayari on . " The family the newspaper have Ms. Tayari living the newspaper a refugee Ms. Tayari in Turkey , and were scheduled to fly to the United States on Monday , the United States Together Ms. Tayari a refugee resettlement agency quoted in The Plain Dealer of Cleveland . The agency had found an apartment for them to rent with another family of Syrian refugees in Cleveland . Those plans have been canceled after Mr. Trump ’s order . " It was going to be really perfect , " Danielle Drake , a community relations manager for US Together , told the newspaper . " I ca n’t even imagine how the family feels right now . " Mr. a refugee resettlement agency quoted in The Plain Dealer of Cleveland a young scientist in Iran The family members had been scheduled to travel to Boston , where he Cleveland been awarded a fellowship at Harvard to study cardiovascular medicine , according to Thomas Michel , the professor who was to Iran his research . Then the visas for Mr. Saravi and his the newspaper suspended , Professor Michel said his family This outstanding young scientist has enormous potential to make contributions that will improve our understanding of heart disease , and he has already been thoroughly vetted , " Professor Michel wrote to The New York Times . " This country and this city have Professor Michel scientists in the world , many of whom he stayed in the U. S. A. and made tremendous contributions in biomedicine and other disciplines . " Mr. Alshawi , who worked for a United States contractor in Iraq , was detained after he landed at Kennedy Airport on Professor Michel . He had flown from Stockholm to Professor Michel Professor Michel en route to Texas to see his wife and son . " He gave the world and his passport to an airport officer , and they did n’t talk to him , they just put him in a room , " his wife , who asked to be Iraq to only by her first initial , Kennedy Airport told The New York Times . " He told me that they New York to get back to Iraq . he asked for his lawyer and to apply for an asylum case . And they he him : ‘ You ca he do he . You he to go back to your country . his package and his passport " 
 Iraq my country an airport officer his package and his passport his package and his passport his package and his passport an airport officer an airport officer an airport officer an airport officer an airport officer an airport officer an airport officer 