McALLEN , Texas   —    A story wildly circulated by Mexican news outlets about a woman having her visa taken away because her had memes making fun of U. S. President Donald J. Trump has been deemed false by U. S. authorities . [ A story wildly circulated by Mexican news outlets about a woman having her visa taken away because she had memes making fun of U. S. President Donald J. Trump began when Mexican Mexican celebrity Denise Maerker reported on her show Mexican media celebrity Denise Maerker Cabos that a woman in one of the Tijuana border crossings had her visa Mexican media celebrity Denise Maerker away by an immigration official because she had Mexican media celebrity Denise Maerker memes making fun of Trump . Maerker took Mexican media celebrity Denise Maerker Twitter to comment on the story and credited a journalist by the name Rocio Galvan .    Various news outlets like Radio Formula , El 5inco , El Mañana , and others went off Maerker ’s Mexican media celebrity Denise Maerker further disseminate the story . the story caused by the alleged arbitrary measure spread on social media as various individuals began to ask about the case .   " There were no such events that occurred within any ports within the San Diego Field Office , " U. S. Customs and Border Protection responded to an inquiry by Breitbart Texas into the stories circulated by Mexican media . Breitbart Texas also requested Breitbart Texas from ports of entry in Texas , and Arizona and Breitbart Texas similar answers .   By Friday afternoon , Maerker sent a retraction of sorts in a second tweet and had Galvan back on her show , where they Galvan that the woman who had her visa taken away was Galvan told that it was over the Trump memes .   According to CBP , officers have the authority to cancel visas if the individual is found to be inadmissible under the Immigration and Nationality Act ( INA ) . The act lists the grounds the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) of entry into the country including health related reasons , criminality , security , immigration violations and others the act does not list memes the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) as a reason for canceling denial . The agency further stated that when arriving at a U. S. Port of Entry CBP officers can inspect electronic devices such as computers , cell phones cameras and other items .   Ildefonso Ortiz is an award winning journalist with Breitbart Texas . He    the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz Darby and Stephen K. Bannon .   You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook . Ildefonso Ortiz Darby is managing director and     Brandon Darby Texas . He    the Cartel Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas Ildefonso Ortiz Brandon Darby Stephen K. Bannon . Follow him on Twitter and Facebook . 
 Ildefonso Ortiz 