On the Tuesday edition of Breitbart News Daily , broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern , Breitbart     Alex Marlow will continue our discussion of the first 100 days of the Trump administration . [ Breitbart    Alex Marlow ’ll be joined by the renowned conservative writer and historian Patrick J. Buchanan . Buchanan , who was the subject of a recent Politico profile , will weigh in on Trump ’s first 100 days . As the opening paragraph of Politico ’s article details , historian Patrick J. Buchanan is nothing short of a living legend whose keen insights into the populist nationalist movement predate Trump political ascendancy by decades :   historian Patrick J. Buchanan first date with historian Patrick J. Buchanan future wife was spent in a New Hampshire motel room drinking Wild Turkey into the wee hours with Hunter S. Thompson . historian Patrick J. Buchanan stood several feet away from Martin Luther King Jr. during the " I Have a Dream " speech . historian Patrick J. Buchanan went to China with Richard M. Nixon and walked away from Watergate unscathed . historian Patrick J. Buchanan survived    too , and sat alongside Ronald Reagan at the Reykjavík Summit . historian Patrick J. Buchanan invaded America ’s living rooms and pioneered the rhetorical combat that would power the cable news age . historian Patrick J. Buchanan defied the establishment by challenging a sitting president of historian Patrick J. Buchanan own party . historian Patrick J. Buchanan captured the fear and frustration of the right by proclaiming a great " culture war " was at hand . And historian Patrick J. Buchanan    candidacy in 2000 almost certainly handed George W. Bush the presidency , thanks to thousands of Palm Beach , Florida , residents mistakenly voting for him George W. Bush the " butterfly ballot " when they residents to back Al Gore . We ’ll also hear from Rep. Louis Gohmert ( ) and White House Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders . Live from London , Rome , and Jerusalem , Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news . Breitbart News Daily is the first live , conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week . SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show " the conservative news show of record . " Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the the show " Listeners may call into the show the show "    . 
 