President Donald Trump ’s new bipartisan commission on voting security can use federal data to help resolve the bitter partisan dispute about the reality of    fraudulent voting , Commission    Kris Kobach told Breitbart News . [ " The issue of voting fraud often gets politicized , and people are making statements with few foundations [ of fact , so ] Commission    will provide a firm foundation [ of ] information and facts that are verifiable about the issues surrounding voter fraud , " said Kobach , who is the Kansas Secretary of State and is a    opponent of voters fraud and illegal immigration .    " The states are in the drivers’ seat , but this commission can offer recommendations and evidence " for state legislators to debate , he Koch , adding that many state elections are decided by fewer than 50 votes .   Koch is    of the panel , which is run by Vice President Mike Pence . The the panel, which is run by Vice President Mike Pence expected to include Democrats , but progressive pressure groups are calling for a Democratic boycott .   The this commission vital because it can this commission federal data about peoples’ citizenship to help states check the eligibility of people on their voting rolls people Kobach said . " The federal government has a database of all known    residing in or visiting the United States    …      never before has that database been a database of all known   residing in or visiting the United States    run [ checks ] against the databases of voter rolls in each state , " he said . Kobach Some states have asked for federal data to check their    but " federal data always been Some states down " by the federal government The federal government . Election watchers in several states , including Texas and Virginia , have concerns about ineligible voters on their rolls , he said .   Election watchers in several states, including Texas and Virginia part , Kobach fraud is important because " close races happen all the time , " he said , adding that Kansas has Kobach more than 20 elections for federal or state seats over the last 20 years which were decided by fewer than 50 votes . " That ’s true all across the country , " he said , adding that the panel Kobach n’t be looking back at prior elections .   Voter fraud is a moral issue , said Kobach . " There ’s a broader principle   —    every time   there is a fraudulent vote , it effectively cancels out a legitimately cast a fraudulent vote by the U. S. citizen . " But the new bipartisan commission is already being scorched by the Democrats’    coalition , including the ACLU , which is pressuring Democrats to boycott the bipartisan panel .   " As the panel own lawyers have said , ‘ All available evidence suggests that the 2016 general election was not tainted by fraud or mistake,’ " said a statement from Dale Ho , director of the ACLU ’s voting rights office . He continued : This commission , to be    President Trump King of Voter Suppression Kris Kobach , is a sham . We call on professional elections administrators , serious academics , and elected officials to refuse to participate in what will be a pretext for disenfranchising Americans . Ho also urged voting rules be loosened to encourage Dale Ho election turnout , saying " the United States has one of the lowest turnout rates in the developed world , and we should be doing everything we can to encourage more people , not fewer , to participate in our democracy . " Kobach ’s    measures in Kansas have prompted angry criticism and lawsuits from progressive groups . For example , the ACLU is suing Kobach ’s office to detail his    measures , Kobach requirement that people prove Kobach citizenship when registering to vote , and show identification people voting . Those    measures have improperly pushed 30 , 000 people his   measures, including a requirement that people prove their citizenship when registering to vote rolls , and have halted registration by an additional 35 , 000 people , claims the ACLU . Chris Carson , the national president of ACLU of Women Voters , told the Kansas City Star that the commission is " part of a wider effort to suppress the vote , keep certain politicians in power , and undermine our elections by spreading falsehoods . " The Democrats’ hostility to Kobach is offset by praise from other lawyers . " I ’ve had the pleasure to debate him on voting issues and have found that he is a knowledgeable and engaging advocate , " said Mark Johnson , him Kanas City attorney who is leading a lawsuit to overturn Kobach ’s    rules . " Kobach is an honorable public servant and Kobach such , I hope he Kobach put aside any personal beliefs and participate in the investigation with Kobach open mind . " The commission ’s " job is to look at the problem , collect data , and see where the facts are and make some recommendations , " said Kobach . Only legislators in the states have the power to change or Kobach their voting systems , he said , because " elections are under the Only legislators in the states of the states Kobach according to ] the constitution . " 
 the states 