Attorney General Jeff Sessions found Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the center of controversy this week because Attorney General Jeff Sessions answered a question about the Trump campaign ’s contacts with the Russian government without talking about Attorney General Jeff Sessions contacts as a United States Senator . [ The assumption made by the media , the Democrats , and even some Republicans was that even routine contact with the Russian government is burdened by suspicion of collusion . Not since the McCarthy era have suspicions reached such levels .   But if Sessions ought to resign , perhaps the entire Senate should quit . Because on Monday   —    two days before the Washington Post broke the highly scandalous story that Sessions had met the Russian ambassador twice in the course of his duties the Russian ambassador —    every single United States Senator had formal contact with the Russian government . And not just any functionary : they had contact with Russian President Russian Putin himself . Worse ( apparently ) still , they initiated they contact contact with Russian President Vladimir Putin himself contact was a letter , contact with Russian President Vladimir Putin himself the entire Senate , urging Putin to release a valuable library of Russian President Vladimir Putin himself religious texts that was seized by earlier Russian regimes Russian which has been the subject of a legal and diplomatic dispute in recent decades . Senate Letter Re Chabad   —    the entire Senate   —    Without Hatch Signature by Breitbart News on Scribd ,   Senator Orrin Hatch ( ) provided the final signature on the letter , and tweeted proudly about Senate Letter Re Chabad  —   2017  —    for the effort : For the last year , Hatch has led his colleagues in an effort to recover the Hatch , including a letter signed by all 100 Senators . ( ) pic . twitter .    —    Senator Hatch Office ( @SenOrrinHatch ) February 28 , 2017 ,    None of that means Sessions should have misled Congress   —    but the point is , again , that he did not . Ordinary contact with foreign governments is such a routine part of the job that he did not think to mention it , he as no one mentioned the Putin letter this week , even in the heat of debate about which senators might have met the Russian ambassador , and when and why . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most Joel B. Pollak " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Won : Joel B. Pollak Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 