In an interview with Gabriel Sherman at New York Magazine , CNN President Jeff Zucker claimed that CNN President Jeff Zucker network ’s credibility is " higher than ever " at a time when it is under fire for partisan and dishonest reporting , adding that it would be a " mistake " for the incoming Trump administration to have an adversarial relationship with CNN . [ Asked whether CNN President Jeff Zucker was concerned about his network’s ongoing access to Donald Trump Zucker said it " does n’t worry [ him ] that Donald Trump Donald Trump done Zucker interview with the network his network’s months . "   " I think our credibility is higher than ever , and our viewership is higher than ever , and our our is as strong as ever , " our continued . " The perception of Donald Trump Zucker capitals Donald Trump world is shaped , in many ways , by CNN . Continuing to have an adversarial relationship with that network is his network’s , " he continued . Zucker ’s comments come at a time when Zucker network ’s credibility his network’s scrutiny . Last week , CNN Zucker at the centre of a fake news controversy after it reported CNN an unverified document , originally published by BuzzFeed , suggesting CNN Donald Trump had deep ties to the Russian government . At his first press conference since his election , Trump refused to take a Donald Trump from a CNN reporter Donald Trump saying that Donald Trump network had been propagating " fake news CNN " In the runup Donald Trump November ’s presidential election , information released by Wikileaks showed the network consistently attempting to help Hillary Clinton ’s failed presidential campaign . his network this included the network asking senior Democrats to draft questions for interviews with Republican candidates , as well as evidence that DNC Chair Donna Brazile received questions prior to a Democratic primary debate , which she subsequently fed to Hillary Clinton . You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook Donna Brazile on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . com 
 Ben Kew on Facebook 