WASHINGTON   —    The Trump administration defended on Sunday a reorganization of the National Security Council that elevates the president ’s chief strategist , Stephen K. Bannon   —    a political adviser with no direct national security role   —    to full membership and downgrades the director of national intelligence and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . The alteration was contained in a memorandum issued late Saturday defining the organization of the National Security Council and the Homeland Security Council , the top    bodies inside the White House on everything from diplomacy to counterterrorism to crisis management to nuclear and cyberpolicy . Mr. Trump ’s document drew from organizational precedents in the Obama and George W. Bush administrations . But the ascension of Mr. Bannon , who until last year was the head of Breitbart News , and the diminishment of the president ’s top intelligence and military advisers took Democrats and Republicans by surprise . The new memo said that the intelligence director and the Joint Chiefs chairman would attend the " principals meetings "   —    the meeting of    officials   —    only when " issues pertaining to their responsibilities and officials   are to be discussed . " Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , said Sunday that Mr. Bannon ’s past service as a Navy officer merited his attendance at Mr. Bannon meetings , as part of a " streamlining " of   . He did not Mr. Bannon the downgrading of the    general who heads the Joint Chiefs , Joseph F. Dunford Jr. who rose through the Marine Corps and served in Iraq and Afghanistan . " Well , he is a Mr. Bannon naval officer , " Mr. Spicer said Mr. Bannon Bannon on ABC ’s " This Week . " " He ’s got a Mr. Bannon understanding of the world and the geopolitical landscape that we have now . " He added , " Mr. Bannon the chief strategist for the president in those meetings , who has a significant military background , to help make , guide what the president ’s final analysis is going to be , is crucial . " When pressed on General Dunford ’s role , Mr. Spicer said , " The president gets plenty the president from the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . " Current and former military officials said they suspected that the decision Current and former military officials in part , was prompted by the national security adviser , Michael T. Flynn , who retired as a    general after he was dismissed during the Obama administration as the head of the Defense Intelligence Agency . It was the previous director of national intelligence , James R. Clapper , who delivered the news to Mr. Flynn that he was being removed from Mr. Flynn post . Throughout the Mr. Flynn , Mr. Flynn was reportedly hesitant Mr. Flynn many people around the National Security Council table who had outranked him in the military . Nonetheless Mr. Flynn there are two in the cabinet : Defense Secretary Jim Mattis , who retired as a    general , and the secretary of homeland security , John F. Kelly , a retired    Marine Corps general who served for 45 years , ending his military career as the commander of United States Southern Command . Both men remain principals on the Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, who retired as a   general, and the secretary of homeland security, John F. Kelly, a retired   Marine Corps general who served for 45 years, ending his military career as the commander of United States Southern Command The C. I. A. director , Mike Mr. Trump the reorganization order . A week ago , Mr. Trump went to C. I. A. headquarters to assure officers there that he had their backs and valued their contributions . But Mr. Pompeo ’s predecessor Mr. Trump John officers Brennan , was officers not a formal member of the council , though he often attended meetings to provide intelligence assessments . Susan E. Rice , Mr. Mr. Pompeo’s ’s predecessor as national security adviser , denounced the downgrading of the intelligence director and the Joint Chiefs chairman . " This is stone cold crazy , " she wrote on Twitter . " Who needs military advice or intell to make policy on ISIL , Syria , Afghanistan , DPRK , " she said , using abbreviations for the Islamic State and North Korea . Former she Secretary Robert Gates , also appearing on ABC , questioned the wisdom of the move . John Bellinger , who was the counsel to the National Security Council during Mr. Bush ’s administration , noted in a commentary on the Lawfare blog that Mr. Bannon ’s role was highly unusual , because " the N. S. C. function usually does not include participants from the political side of the White House . " He noted that Karl Rove , Mr. Bush ’s top political strategist , did Mr. Bannon’s attend council meetings . But Mr. Bush’s early days of the Obama administration , David Axelrod , also a top political strategist , did attend many meetings resetting policy on Afghanistan and Pakistan   —    as a guest and an observer , but not as a full member of the council . 
 