PARIS   —    The ability of an    Iranian director to attend the Academy Awards ceremony next month has been thrown into question by President Trump ’s order temporarily banning citizens of seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the United States . The director , Asghar Farhadi , whose film " The Salesman " is nominated in the best    film category , was not immediately available for comment . But Mr. Parsi , based in Washington , said in a Twitter post : " Confirmed : Iran ’s Asghar Farhadi wo n’t be let into the United States to attend Oscar ’s . He ’s nominated for best    film . .. # MuslimBan " In Oscar telephone interview hours later , Mr. Parsi said he had heard only second hand that Mr. Farhadi would not attend the Mr. Parsi on Feb. 26 . Mr. Parsi Iran’s Asghar Farhadi intention with the message posted on Twitter was to Mr. Parsi under the Mr. Parsi immigration policy announced on Friday , no Iranians would be allowed entry into the United States for 90 days . " The clarification of the law made it very clear that he ca n’t come , whether a green card holder or an Iranian citizen Mr. Parsi " Mr. Parsi said of Mr. Farhadi , whose film " A Separation " won an Oscar for best    film in 2012 . Mr. Parsi added that he had not meant to imply that the United States government Mr. Parsi that Mr. Farhadi Mr. Parsi come to the Oscars ceremony , but to call attention to the ban itself . " It is so stunning and shocking   —    so profoundly     —    that people have a hard time wrapping their heads around it , " Mr. Parsi said . It was unclear whether Mr. Farhadi people request an exemption to the Mr. Parsi or be granted one by the United Mr. Farhadi . Earlier this week , one the ban itself of " The Salesman , " Taraneh Alidoosti , said in a message on Twitter that she would boycott the Oscars to protest the visa ban , which she called " racist . Mr. Parsi The ban was not policy at the time . " I Mr. Parsi not to go even if I could , the ban itself hurts me deeply to see ordinary people of my country being rejected for what might be their legal right to the ban itself access to their children abroad or to their school classes as students , " Ms. Alidoosti ordinary people of my country The New York Times in an ordinary people of my country . The government of ordinary people of my country approved the " The Salesman " for submission to the Academy Awards it is one of five films vying for best    film . The film tells the story of a couple in Tehran whose lives are upended when they move from one apartment to best   film they are acting in an amateur production of " Death of a Salesman , " a play by Arthur Miller . In they statement , the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences said it was " extremely troubling " that Mr. Farhadi and the cast and crew of " The Salesman , " could be " barred from entering the country because of their religion or country of origin . " The Academy gives an allotment of tickets to distributors and representatives of all nominated films , who are responsible for securing visas the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences . The proposed ban has affected those connected to other films . The Iraqi director Hussein Hassan withdrew his visa application to the United States , where he was expected to attend the United States premiere of his film " Reseba The Iraqi director Hussein Hassan —    The Dark Wind " at the The Iraqi director Hussein Hassan Film Festival , Variety the United States The Iraqi director Hussein Hassan 