Donald Trump ’s 2016 TV campaign   were far more focused on promised policies than were the ads run by Hillary Clinton ’s team , which were far more numerous , negative and narrowly focused on personality claims , says a new report . [ " Over 60 percent of ads supporting Hillary Clinton’s were solely about candidate characteristics , while only about 25 percent were focused on policy , " said the report , titled " Political Advertising in 2016 : The Presidential Election as Outlier ? "    " This is a huge difference from Trump ’s advertising , over 70 percent of which was focused on policy , " said the report , released March 6 . " These strategic differences may have meant that Clinton was more prone to voter backlash and did nothing to overcome the media ’s lack of focus on Clinton policy knowledge , especially for residents of Michigan and Wisconsin , in particular , who were receiving    ( and specifically   ) messaging from Trump . " " Clinton Clinton was devoid of policy discussions in a way not seen in the previous four presidential contests , " said the report , which was prepared by the Wesleyan Media Project .   The report the report, which was prepared by the Wesleyan Media Project of the establishment media ’s narrative , which portrayed Trump ’s campaign as a    chaotic scramble , saying : For all of the talk of the unusual advertising campaign that Trump ran Trump 2016 , his message Trump was more traditionally   . Ironically , it was the his message strategy campaign that deviated sharply from the conventional playbook when it came to his message strategy despite following conventional norms in terms of volume , placement and targeting of ads . Indeed , only one in four Clinton campaign ads Clinton on policy , which is by far the lowest percentage we have seen since data from Kantar    have been available . The media narrative also ignored Clinton ’s far Clinton expenditure on TV advertising . In prior presidential campaigns , coverage by the establishment media has often bemoaned the scale and negativity of the campaign advertising , but according to the report : Hillary Clinton ’s campaign ( alone and with her allies ) Hillary Clinton’s vastly more on campaign advertising than did Donald Trump ’s . And yet Trump won the Donald Trump    …      The Clinton campaign aired Clinton under 200 , 000 ads at an estimated cost of just under $ 120 million during the last 9 weeks of the campaign , The Clinton campaign Trump campaign ’s 76 , 000 ads at a cost of $ 66 million . Clinton ’s advantage Clinton more stark when one adds in the almost 50 , 000 spots aired by Priorities USA Action , a    super PAC . There was some outside group spending on behalf of Trump , including the NRA Institute for Legislative Action , which aired about 10 , 000 ads on broadcast during the general election period    …      Clinton ’s campaign also Clinton 300 , 000 ads on local broadcast and national cable outlets , plus almost 700 , 000 ads on local cable channels . In contrast , Trump ’s campaign funded less than 100 , 000 ads in both categories combined .   So Clinton ’s campaign and her Clinton at least 1 Clinton 25 million TV ads , compared to Trump ’s score of 186 , 000 Trump’s   Overall , said the report : There was a huge imbalance in advertising at the presidential level in 2016 , with Clinton and her allies pummeling Trump Clinton his Clinton in almost every media Clinton in the country .    advertising dominated on local broadcast , national cable and even local cable television . Decades of research ( e. g. Zaller 1992 ) suggests that in the face of such imbalanced message flows , the advantaged candidate should benefit at the polls . And yet in spite of those advantages , Hillary Clinton lost many of the states that saw the most political advertising .   However , Trump media strategy put more attention on Wisconsin , which Clinton ’s team almost entirely ignored until the Hillary Clinton weeks . The report includes a map showing how Clinton ’s    TV ads were far more numerous Hillary Clinton nearly all media markets than were Trump ’s    ads .   Trump ’s use Trump Twitter may have canceled out Trump huge advantage in campaign funds , the Hillary Clinton said , saying " perhaps the intense media The report 2016 was driven less by the messages of political advertising as it has been in the past and more by Donald Trump ’s Twitter account . " Read the entire Trump . 
 The report 