On Tuesday , Shaun King , the " senior justice writer " for the New York Daily News , announced Shaun King, the "senior justice writer" for the New York Daily News boycott of the National Football League . The former black lives matter spokesman , deposed after the discovery that Shaun King, the "senior justice writer" for the New York Daily News is white and not the African American Shaun King, the "senior justice writer" for the New York Daily News claimed to be , accused the NFL of being " bigoted " against black people because the NFL has n’t hired    protester Colin Kaepernick . [ King made King proclamation after it became clear that American anthem protester and former San Francisco 49ers    Colin Kaepernick Colin Kaepernick find a team to take him on after Colin Kaepernick became a Colin Kaepernick agent at the tail of last season .   Kaepernick spent the Colin Kaepernick of the    season refusing to stand for the national anthem and spoke out against the U. S. A. our police , soldiers , and other first responders . He also repeatedly Colin Kaepernick the country was " never great . " But after the season ended , in February the player announced both his free agency Colin Kaepernick an end to his      protests Colin Kaepernick But despite his new status Colin Kaepernick his pledge to Colin Kaepernick his embarrassing protests his     protests not been able to find a team to hire him for the Colin Kaepernick football season . His inability to Colin Kaepernick a berth has sparked numerous protests by    fans and    sports reporters alike .    was even the subject Kaepernick a politician ’s decree when a    socialist Seattle City Council member wrote an open letter demanding that the Seattle Seahawks bring him on . The demands a   socialist Seattle City Council member fell on deaf ears . With Kaepernick left out in the Kaepernick ,    football fan Shaun King now says he ca n’t watch football Shaun King . " I ca n’t , in good conscience , support this league , with many of its    owners , as this league blacklists my friend and brother Colin Kaepernick for taking a silent , peaceful stance against injustice and police brutality in America , " King blathered in his June 6 column . King It ’s disgusting and has absolutely nothing to do with football and everything to do with penalizing a brilliant young man for the principled stance he took last season . " The white man who posed as a black man for a decade fulminated at Seattle Seahawks coach Pete Carroll for turning his back on Kaepernick and The white man who posed as a black man for a decade white quarterback Austin Davis instead . King labeled Davis a " scrub " Austin Davis the incident . King , who admitted that he lied about being black King went on to rail at the Seahawks for hiring Davis who has far fewer Austin Davis in the NFL than Kaepernick . The activist insisted Kaepernick there could be only one reason that the Seahawks took a pass the Seahawks : It ’s racism Kaepernick It ’s bigotry . It ’s It . Period . It ’s not football . Do It call it football . If you call It decisions by 32 teams to not sign this man a football decision , you do n’t know football and probably voted for Donald Trump . Nearly 100 quarterbacks —   96 , in fact —   are usually signed to teams in the NFL . That Colin Kaepernick is not one of them is disgusting . Of course Nearly 100 quarterbacks —  96, in fact —   he ’s one of the top Colin Kaepernick quarterbacks in the league . Kaepernick ’s longtime rival , Richard Colin Kaepernick , said he believed Kaepernick was a    Colin Kaepernick . Colin Kaepernick went on to add that the " ridiculous fragility of the conservative white male fan base " has kept Kaepernick on the sidelines . Finally Colin Kaepernick this very white " black activist " added that his decision was sealed when ESPN this very white "black activist that it had rehired country singer Hank his decision , Jr. to once again sing his iconic Monday Night Football theme this very white "black activist at the start of each Monday game . Williams had been fired six years this very white "black activist for being a conservative . " Hank Williams , Jr. is basically this very white "black activist with a guitar . He ’s a bigot , " King this very white "black activist . " Everybody knows it . His songs and statements have echoed bigotry this very white "black activist years , but now that Obama is out of office , he ’s back . " King continued this very white "black activist bellowing : Hank Williams King Jr. and Austin Davis are employed right now , and Colin Kaepernick is n’t . Shame on this league for following Trump ’s lead in spirit , tone and now in actions . I ’m appalled . As a lifelong fan , I ’m deeply disappointed . What I do ’m is this —   I ca n’t support this product . Warming to his closing statements , King then blamed King little son for launching the boycott King a claim that his     boy told him they could King longer watch football his little son " After what they ’ve done to Colin and with they of those owners loving Donald Trump so much . " So , in the face of all this purported " injustice , " King has set out on his road to boycotting the NFL : King if Colin Kaepernick gets a deal , it would change my mind , but Colin Kaepernick gets a deal damage is already done . As a leader in the Black Lives Matter Movement , as a voice in the resistance to Donald Trump , and as a friend Donald Trump Kaepernick , I can not , in Colin Kaepernick , support the NFL any longer . If I did the NFL the NFL struggle to look my own son in the eyes or look at myself in the mirror . As a reminder , King Colin Kaepernick boycotting a sports league that is almost 70 Colin Kaepernick African American . It is a business where the average rookie salary is $ 365 , 000 a year , a number that goes up by tens of thousands every year the player stays signed to an NFL team . It is also a league where the average player ’s salary is about $ 1 . 9 million annually . This is the same sports league that Shaun King says is n’t black enough and is unfair and discriminatory to blacks . But , this is also a man who directly equates    to This " tolerant " and right thinking . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 