Democrats and open border advocates are staging a hunger strike in Texas against the State ’s proposed    city bill . the State backers are asking for support using # FastAgainstSB4 . [ One Texas Democrat said a communion wafer on Sunday was the last meal One Texas Democrat is going to have until after Wednesday when the Texas House debates proposed   city bill .   Thank you @Victoria4Texas for leading the   # FastAgainstSB4 ! Do n’t forget to wear black when you head to ATX on We d . to # FillTheGallery ! pic . twitter .    —    Texas Young Dems ( @TexasYDs ) April 24 , 2017 ,   Representative Victoria Neave ( ) announced her intention to conduct the    fast after Mass at the Cathedral Shrine of the Virgin of Guadeloupe in Dallas . She her people to " wear black when you head to ATX on We d . to # FillTheGallery . " The Texas House will debate the sanctuary city bill on Wednesday . Those with the " Indivisible " movement in Texas tweeted , " We Those with the "Indivisible" movement in Texas gotten word from several people who will join @Victoria4Texas’ fast in solidarity . " The group wants those who plan to fast to tag them several people who will join @Victoria4Texas’ fast in solidarity they several people who will join @Victoria4Texas’ fast in solidarity retweet . We Those with the "Indivisible" movement in Texas gotten word from several people who will join @Victoria4Texas ‘ fast in solidarity solidarity Planning to # FastAgainstSB4 ? Tag us so we Those with the "Indivisible" movement in Texas RT . https :   .    —    Indivisible # Txlege ( @IndvsbleTXLege ) April 24 , 2017 ,   The movement in the state and the country follows the " Indivisible Guide " whose stated mission is " stopping Trump from implementing an agenda built on racism , authoritarianism , and corruption . " Indivisible chapters have    all over Texas . Their all over Texas also provides " A local strategy targeting individual Members of Congress . " The Their guide written in English and Spanish , and there is audio as well as written versions . House members are being urged " to do everything possible to # StopSB4 . " Today , I ’m joining @Victoria4Texas in the # fastagainstsb4 . Now , it ’s Their guide for the @TexasHDC to do everything possible to # StopSB4 pic . twitter .    —    Jay Malone ( @jmmalone2305 ) April 24 , 2017 ,   SB 4 was passed by the Texas Senate in early February , right after the start of the new legislative session . The House State Affairs Committee held a hearing on March 15 after holding the " emergency item " for almost a month . More than 600 people signed up to testify . Democrat organized witnesses who testified were overwhelmingly against the legislation . The committee The House State Affairs Committee bill by the legislation of    along partisan lines . The bill was placed the legislation emergency calendar for April 26 after being considered in Calendars on April 20 . As reported by Breitbart Texas , the    version extracts the teeth of the bill by cutting the the legislation would strip state criminal justice grants to renegade cities and counties . It also removes civil liabilities from the   version officials who did not honor immigration detainers and released criminal aliens that later commit crimes . The House version bars law enforcement officers from asking a person about their immigration status unless they have been arrested . Texas their Greg Abbott listed addressing sanctuary cities as an emergency item during his 2017 State of the State Texas Governor Greg Abbott before a joint session of the legislature in January . As reported by Breitbart Texas , he told the members of the Texas Governor Greg Abbott House and Senate , " Elected officials do n’t get to pick and choose which laws they obey . " The Governor Elected officials after SB 4 Texas Governor Greg Abbott in February by reiterating that message and stating , " As Governor , I will not tolerate sanctuary city policies that put the citizens of Texas at risk . " Apparently expressing his desire for the bill ’s passage Texas Governor Greg Abbott Abbott tweeted to the Texas House on March 19 , " It ’s time to get this Sanctuary city bill passed   to the bill’s . " It ’s time to get this Sanctuary city bill passed the bill’s to my desk for the bill’s Sanctuary city https :   .    my desk Greg Abbott ( @GregAbbott_TX ) March 19 , 2017 ,   The communications director for Texas Speaker of the House Joe Straus responded to a Breitbart Texas inquiry in December by stating , " Speaker Straus will work with fellow House Texas , Governor Abbott , and law enforcement Joe Straus that there are no the House cities in Texas . " Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Texas Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team . Follow Texas Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Bob Price . 
 Texas Bob Price 