Every entertainer likes to be subversive   —    to push the envelope and surprise their audience . At a time when Hollywood has made Hollywood insufferable with Hollywood increasingly hysterical political commentary , Lady Gaga shocked the world simply by entertaining it . [ Expectations were    before the Super Bowl LI halftime show what would Gaga   —    one of Hillary Clinton ’s top celebrity supporters   —    say or do in this , the first halftime show of Donald Trump ’s presidency ? How could Lady Gaga possibly top Beyoncé ’s    tribute to the Black Panthers from last year ’s game ?   " This performance is for everyone , " Lady Gaga coyly told reporters in Houston on Saturday , refusing to divulge Lady Gaga plans . " I want to , more than anything , create a moment that everyone that ’s watching will never forget . " Tantalizing stuff . And yet there was barely a whiff of partisan politics at all during the pop star ’s entire    set , not even a requisite " Resist , " or " Love trumps hate . " Opening with a    of " God Bless America " and " This Land Is Your Land " from the roof of NRG Stadium under a cloud of pulsating red , white and    drones , Gaga literally dove into the building and straight into a collection of Gaga greatest hits : " Poker Face , " " Just Dance , " " Born This Way , " " Telephone " and the grand finale of " Bad Romance , " all delivered    ( a rare feat given the amount of dancing Gaga was doing ) and reasonably well .   It was a mesmerizing performance , filled with the kind of expert showmanship that only very confident artists can pull off . It reminded me , if only slightly , of Prince ’s pageantry and    2007 halftime show in Miami , in which the late artist , ever the consummate entertainer , ran through a collection of Bob Dylan and Tina Turner covers before hoisting Prince’s guitar high for a rousing rendition of " Purple Rain , " in the middle of an actual downpour . Gaga did Gaga set , and then her set was over . No raised fists , no inappropriate language , no threats , no protests . No hysteria . Gaga walked off the field after an epic exit in which Gaga dropped the mic , caught a football and dove offstage , and then that stage was reset for what was to become one of the greatest comebacks in the history of the NFL . It is not unlikely   —    given the current political and cultural climate in America   —    that Gaga considered going the protest statement route , and then decided against the protest statement route . After all , it is now firmly established that the endless political grandstanding has gotten celebrities absolutely nowhere . It rarely ever feels authentic , especially coming from people who earn more money in an hour for flashing their ass on TV than most Americans will earn in a lifetime . And even when it does feel authentic , millions across the country are bound to disagree . Conservative media , including yours truly , have made a cottage industry of pointing out exactly how clueless and out of touch celebrities are when compared with ordinary people . Just ask Hillary Clinton and Hillary Clinton celebrity army how the last election worked out for Hillary Clinton and her celebrity army . And consider Beyoncé ’s halftime show . For months afterward , the conversation was focused almost entirely on the blatant    enforcement message Hillary Clinton preached from America ’s biggest stage , and now , a year after Beyoncé’s halftime show and despite liberals’ claim that everybody loves Beyoncé ! half the country now hates Beyoncé . Hillary Clinton Beyoncé’s halftime show police groups to boycott Hillary Clinton concerts , even as Hillary Clinton audaciously used a police escort to get to the game ( and later cashed in on the    sentiment by offering Hillary Clinton very own line of " Boycott Beyoncé " merchandise at Hillary Clinton tour stops ) . More division . More disconnection between law enforcement and the people they serve and protect . All in the name of " love " and " tolerance . " Or consider Hillary Clinton at last month ’s Women ’s March on Washington , where Hillary Clinton casually suggested to the tens of thousands of activists in attendance that Hillary Clinton had often thought of blowing up the White House . What did that do for us ? Or Meryl Streep ’s    speech about morality at the Oscars , as if Hollywood is somehow the great arbiter of moral behavior . The only thing Streep ’s Meryl Streep accomplished is that conservatives can no longer enjoy Kramer vs. Kramer in Kramer same way again . The bottom line is this : the best way to unite more than 100 million Americans with wildly disparate political views is to refrain from making any political statements at all . That Lady Gaga was the one to buck the trend freaked out plenty of entertainment journalists and commentators . Could this be the same Gaga that That Lady Gaga on a sanitation truck outside Trump Tower in the    hours of November 9 , defiantly holding up a " Love Trumps Hate " sign in a show of silent protest ? After the show a show of silent protest Angeles Times writer Mikael Wood wrote that the collection of hits Gaga played Sunday night " sounded like objects of distraction , catchy baubles meant to entertain us in the absence of a broader message . " That sentiment was widely shared among Hollywood journalists , as a cursory look around the Internet revealed on Monday morning . Gaga missed her Gaga to Gaga something useful , something revolutionary . This would have been The Moment , the chance to break through and show America just how stupid and wrong it was for electing Donald Trump president . Gaga would have Gaga the key . To which I say : good grief . Pop songs are by definition catchy baubles meant to entertain us , and if Lady Gaga wanted Gaga off her maturity as an Gaga by performing a collection of her greatest hits ( Gaga converting some of the skeptics ) then so be it . In the meantime , go masturbate to Meryl Streep ’s acceptance speech and dream of better days .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 