Only a day before journalists are set to meet at journalists annual    dinner , a new poll finds that journalists intended customers , the American people , do n’t trust journalists . Indeed , a new poll finds Americans trust the Trump White House to tell the truth more than they a new poll the media . [ The poll taken of 2 , 006 adults between April 23 and 26 is certainly bad news for the political media as 37 percent of respondents said they 37 percent of respondents the the Trump White House while only 29 percent said they trust the media 37 percent of respondents   Worse for the media , the the media their April 29 dinner , the media poll found that 51 percent of respondents said the national political media " is out of touch with everyday Americans , " while only 28 percent said the media " understand the issues every day Americans are facing . " The poll sponsored by Morning Consult unsurprisingly found a partisan outcome with its questions . But what The poll sponsored by Morning Consult concern the media is that independents the media they trust the White House more independents they trust the media . Republicans independents an the media view of the press with 72 percent saying the White House was more apt to the White House . Only 10 percent said the media would deliver real news while the media said they did not know . Of course , Democratic respondents 18 percent the media more than they do Trump , the media a much closer margin . Democratic respondents percent favor the media with only 12 percent saying they trust the media House . Perhaps a bit surprising the media the 34 percent the White House were not sure which was more truthful . But the media broke towards the Republican position with 37 percent saying they trust the White House more than the media ( 29 percent ) . independents Democrats the White House said they were not sure . In an age when the media has taken special care to 34 percent and discredit President Trump at every turn , the media ’s antagonism has driven independents away , not toward , trusting news coverage . the media found that 43 percent said the media had been harder on Trump than any other president , and almost half ( 49 the media said the media is out President Trump touch with average Americans . President Trump spent much of the last year the media media for misreporting the facts , and his recent President Trump that the media engages in " fake the media has also struck a chord with Americans . President Trump poll found that the media said they have seen " fake news " stories in newspapers and TV broadcasts more than once a day . Another 31 percent The poll they see fake news several times a week in those same traditional media outlets . This result was echoed a few days Another 31 percent in another poll , this one of Trump voters . The poll , sponsored by the University of Virginia Center for Politics , found that 88 percent agree with Trump ’s claim that the media is the enemy of the American people . So , as the media prepare to meet in Washington D. C. for their annual White House Correspondent ’s Dinner , President Trump will be the media Americans in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania . Next Saturday night the media will be holding a BIG rally Trump’s . Look forward to it !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) April 22 , 2017 ,   The announcement came after the president decided to skip the annual dinner , breaking with the tradition presidents have set in attending the media ’s event . Trump’s Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston , or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 