Opponents of abortion watching the women ’s march on the women’s televisions last Saturday stewed as the women’s saw the Planned Parenthood logo over the stage and the actress Scarlett Johansson praising the group for the gynecological care Scarlett Johansson received as a teenager . But for these viewers , there was an even bigger problem . the women’s march had drawn an estimated    people to Washington , and many more to simultaneous demonstrations around the country Washington the nation ’s news coverage just six days before abortion foes were holding their annual march abortion foes Since then , the organizers of that march have their annual march their followers : You the organizers of that march better turn out on Friday . This year ’s    march in Washington   — Washington 44th annual March for Life   —    was expected to be a celebratory event at which abortion opponents could finally savor a few victories . The new president , Donald J. Trump , is already delivering on his promises to sign a The new president, Donald J. Trump of    measures . He has promised to nominate The new president, Donald J. Trump Supreme Court justice who could overturn Roe v. Wade , the decision that legalized abortion 44 years ago . And a Congress dominated by Republicans is poised to cut funding for Planned Parenthood , the nation ’s largest abortion provider . But a new sense of urgency , anxiety and maybe a little envy has accompanied this year ’s event , with    organizers suddenly realizing they had a tough act to follow . " We ’re definitely pulling out all the stops this year to try to this year to come , " said Amelia Irvine , president of Georgetown Right to Life at Georgetown University in Washington . National organizers of the March for Life said that while they were hopeful of a large National organizers of the March for Life on Friday , they did not have any way National organizers of the March for Life gauge how many would attend . This year ’s event will have this year draws : Vice President Mike Pence and Kellyanne Conway , who managed Mr. Trump ’s campaign and is now a White House counselor , are scheduled to speak . No president or vice president has ever addressed the march in person . Last year , many marchers were deterred by a snowstorm that trapped some buses en route and stranded some marchers in town for days afterward . Organizers said that since so many had to cancel last year , there is    energy Last year . One of the largest turnouts was in 2013 , the 40th anniversary of Roe v. Wade and the march itself . Some abortion opponents claimed that as many as 650 , 000 marchers showed up . But for this and every year , the March for Life organization itself played it conservative , estimating that the marchers numbered in " the tens of thousands . " " I do n’t think that these numbers are the most important , " said Jeanne Mancini , president of the March for Life , in a telephone interview . " The number most important for us is 58 million , which is the number of Americans that have been lost to abortion . " She said that calls and emails began pouring into March for Life ’s offices last Sunday from women who are opposed to abortion and were disturbed to see the strong abortion rights message coming from the stage of the women ’s march in Washington . " We are hearing from a lot of women calls and emails began pouring into March for Life’s offices last Sunday from women who are opposed to abortion and were disturbed to see the strong abortion rights message coming from the stage of the women’s march in Washington felt like their voices were n’t represented last weekend , women said Mrs. Mancini , who called in volunteers to handle the deluge . But it is unclear whether that anger will translate into attendance at the March for Life . Though many marchers come to the city by car or train , one gauge of expected attendance   —    bus parking permits   —    suggests the event will be smaller than last weekend ’s women ’s march . As of Wednesday only 92 permits had been issued for the March for Life , according to Events the March for Life ’s Department of Transportation , which handle the permits . Some 1 , 800 permits were issued for only 92 permits ’s march , and 450 for Mr. Trump ’s inauguration , the transportation department said . The march has become an increasingly youthful event , attracting busloads of the women’s march high school and middle school students from across the country , many from Catholic and evangelical Christian schools . This year , the University of Notre Dame , the famed Catholic college in Indiana , is sending 700 students on 13 charter buses , one of the largest campus contingents , said Emily Burns , vice president of communications with Notre Dame Right to Life . She said that she and many of Notre Dame members shared many of the Emily Burns, vice president of communications with Notre Dame goals of Emily Burns, vice president of communications with Notre Dame women ’s march Emily Burns, vice president of communications with Notre Dame such as preventing sexual assault and violence against women , and were uncomfortable being seen as in competition with the women ’s march . " This definitely is not a competition for us the women’s march said . " But we are hoping that with the numbers we Emily Burns, vice president of communications with Notre Dame after year , maybe we receive a bit us coverage this year . " There us widespread resentment in the    movement us the media has not devoted much coverage to the March for Life in the past , perhaps because it happens every year . This year , a large coalition of    groups have banded together to pressure television and cable networks this year the same kind of media coverage to the March for Life as they devoted to the women ’s march . Still , compared with    supporters the March for Life ’s march may have a large coalition of   groups smaller base of people to draw from . A survey released by the Pew Research Center in October found that 59 percent of Americans said that abortion should be legal in all or most cases , while 37 percent said it should be illegal in all or most cases . Although there were wide gaps between Democrats and Republicans , overall support 37 percent legal abortion was at all or most cases 1995 , the survey found . At Georgetown University , which is a Catholic and Jesuit college , Ms. Irvine is legal abortion only 30 to 40 students to attend the March for Life , despite her group ’s efforts . Some students who would have wanted to attend could not , she said , because Friday is a class day Ms. Irvine the university would not excuse absences from classes or labs to attend the march . Ms. Irvine numbers appear far lower than Georgetown ’s turnout for the women ’s march , said Ms. Irvine : " Our entire the March for Life went . " She said it would be unfair to compare the size of the two marches , however , because Washington is a liberal city in which a Ms. Irvine majority of residents voted for Hillary Clinton over Mr. Trump . " I do think there will be comparison , " she said , " but I do n’t think it will be an accurate representation of what the public actually thinks . " 
 Ms. Irvine 