WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    Vice President Mike Pence honored veterans this Memorial Day from Vice President Mike Pence residence at the Naval Observatory , where about 200 vets attended and Project Hero launched its 10th Annual Memorial Day bike ride to Virginia Beach . [ Pence stepped out and greeted the close to 100 riders to cheers from the crowd . He was joined by Karen Pence and Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin .   Project Hero President John Wordin addressed the crowd , noting it was the fourth year in a row its 10th Annual Memorial Day bike ride to Virginia Beach began at the Vice President ’s residence . He pointed Project Hero President John Wordin the problem of suicide among veterans and Shulkin ’s work in partnership with Project Hero to address it . Shulkin told Shulkin crowd the crowd If it ’s for Shulkin , they ’re going veterans be there for us . " the crowd continued , Shulkin Both he and Karen Shulkin passionate and relentless when it comes to veterans’ issues . " Pence then took to the podium saying , " This is a day we remember those the crowd served and did not come home   …     To be able to welcome you here on this most hallowed of days is profoundly humbling to Karen and I. Karen The Vice President thanked the veterans in attendance for their service and the veterans Project Hero . " We ’ll be joining the president in The Vice President few moments at Arlington National Cemetery , " said Pence , adding that he and Karen , The Vice President Karen cyclists themselves , were slightly jealous of the riders who would be setting out for Virginia Beach shortly . Karen and I Karen so grateful to have you here at the Vice President ’s The Vice President deeply humbling to be with you to mark Memorial Day . pic Karen and I twitter .    —    Vice President Pence ( @VP ) May 29 , 2017 ,   Today all Americans show their thanks to the generations of brave all Americans   women who gave the last full measure of devotion for our freedom . pic . twitter .    —    Vice President Pence ( @VP ) May 29 , 2017 ,   The Vice President took a moment to hail the President ’s recent " extraordinary trip " to Europe and the time he spent with military troops in Italy The Vice President He highlighted Trump ’s veteran health care The Vice President order . Pence also lauded Project Hero ’s work when it comes to the " unseen wounds " and prevalence of PTSD . Pence wished the riders " Godspeed , Pence travels all the way to Virginia Beach and for Project Hero and all of those that it helps all the way to a full recovery in an America that cherishes all those who serve . " Second lady Karen Pence offered a brief prayer directly after her husband concluded his message . She encouraged the riders her husband take oranges her bananas that were set out for them . Vice President and Mrs. Pence the riders well as Shulkin were presented with blue Project Hero biking jerseys to commemorate the ride . " That ’ll give me a year to fit into it , " joked Pence . Thank you , Project Hero , for the new biking jerseys for Karen and me . May you all have a safe ride to Virginia Beach ! # MemorialDay pic . twitter .    —    Vice President Pence ( @VP ) May 29 , 2017 ,   Project Hero is a national nonprofit which Project Hero as an " organization dedicated to helping Project Hero and First Responders affected by PTSD , TBI and injury achieve rehabilitation , recovery and resilience in their daily lives and increasing awareness to combat TBI and injury national mental health emergency posed by PTSD and TBI . " Riders set out PTSD the TBI President ’s residence shortly after Pence departed to join President Donald Trump for a ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery . The riders headed toward their Virginia Beach destination Riders Michelle Moons on Riders @MichelleDiana 
 