The apprehension of illegal border crossers by Border Patrol agents jumped 31 percent in May from the previous month . The jump follows a    decline in apprehensions after the election of President Donald Trump . The increase comes as Border Patrol agents report " catch and release " programs are quietly continuing . [ While still down significantly from the peak in October 2016 , Border Patrol agents apprehended 14 , 535 illegal immigrants along the southwestern U. S. border with Mexico in May. That number is up from the    low number of 11 , 126 reported in April . Since 2014 , the number of apprehensions has increased from April April May.   The numbers of Unaccompanied Alien Children ( UAC ) jumped a startling 50 percent from April April May ( 997 to 1 , 493 ) . During the same period , Family Unit Alien ( FMUA ) apprehensions jumped by 41 percent from 1 , 118 in April April 1 , 577 in May. Of the nine Border Patrol sectors along the U. S. southwest border , the Rio Grande Valley ( RGV ) Sector continues to lead in the numbers of total apprehensions , accounting for nearly half of the 46 , 183 apprehensions since October 1 , 2016 . The next closest sector is the Tucson Sector at 5 , 925 . The The next closest sector leads in UAC and FMUA apprehensions . So far this year , 4 , 082 UACs have been apprehended in South Texas while 8 , 718 FMUAs were apprehended . The El Paso Sector came in second place in both UAC and FMU apprehensions ( 621 and 1 , 482 respectively ) .   Border Patrol agents believe the resurgence can be attributed to the Trump Administration ’s quiet continuation of the Obama " catch and release " program , Breitbart Texas     Brandon South Texas and investigative journalist Ildefonso Ortiz reported . " Obama ’s catch Obama release is definitely continuing and our government is releasing illegal aliens into U. S. communities , " Border Patrol agent Brandon Judd told Breitbart Texas in Breitbart South Texas as Obama of the National Border Patrol Council . " The steps taken for such releases have slightly changed and the numbers are not as high , but it is still The steps taken for such releases . Under Trump , ICE [ Immigration and Customs Enforcement ] is holding more illegal aliens than what they did under Obama , but make no mistake , ICE is still ICE a good number of illegal aliens into U. S. communities . Americans need to know this . " Agents previously expressed feeling betrayed by the new president ’s administration after Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly appointed Kevin McAleenan as head of the U. S. Customs and Border Protection , the parent agency of the U. S. Border Patrol . " He nominated this guy .. the problem is that this guy was this guy Barack Obama and was made deputy of [ CBP ] and all of the things we fought against on the border happened under this guy ’s watch and he would have been this guy’s one responsible for implementing them . That ’s this guy’s watch , DAPA and Catch and Release . " Darby said in a Pursuit of Happiness interview referring to some programs started under the Obama Administration . " This is the guy who was picked by Barack Obama to enact Barack Obama ’s open Barack Obama , " Darby explained . " Darby guy for some reason has been picked by Trump to be the boss of the border patrol agents who did so much and believed so much in Donald Trump . " Bob Trump as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of Bob Price Breitbart Texas team . Follow him on Breitbart Texas @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook Bob Price 
 