Speaking at a press conference in New York ,    Donald Trump stated that the American people do n’t care whether or not   Donald Trump releases   Donald Trump tax returns . [ Shortly after   Donald Trump   Donald Trump that he   Donald Trump be handing over complete control of his   Donald Trump to his   Donald Trump , one journalist asked whether or not he   Donald Trump be releasing his   Donald Trump returns . " Does Russia have any leverage over you , financial or otherwise , and , if not , will you release your tax returns to prove it your tax returns " the one journalist .    " I had no dealings with Russia , Russia have no deals in Russia , Russia said    Trump , " I have no deals that could happen in Russia because Russia ’ve stayed away and I have no loans with Russia . Russia a real estate developer , I have very , very little debt . " " I have no loans no loans with Russia thought that was important , I certified that , so I have no deals , I have no loans , I have no loans with Russia . We could we deals in Russia very Russia if I wanted to , I just do n’t want to because I think that would be a conflict of interest . So I have no loans , no deals , and no current pending deals with Russia . Russia The reporter further pressed Trump as to whether or not he would release his tax returns The reporter The    The reporter , " Well , I ’m not releasing tax returns because you know they ’re under audit , " to which the reporter retorted that the last The reporter have released their tax returns . " You know the last six presidents only ones that care about my tax returns are the reporters , " said Trump gesturing to the room . " Trump do n’t think the American public is concerned about them ? " asked the reporter . the only ones that care about my tax returns No I do The reporter they ’re concerned , I won , " the only ones that care about my tax returns the   . " I do n’t think they care at all , I do n’t the only ones that care about my tax returns they care , I think you care , the only ones that care about my tax returns said Trump to cheers from the crowd . " Trump of all , you learn very little from a tax return . What you should do is go down to the federal elections and take a look at the numbers and actually people have learned a lot about my company and now they realized my company is much bigger , people more my company they ever thought . We ’re in many people countries and I ’m very proud of it . " Watch the full exchange from the livestream below .   Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart Tech covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan _ or email him at Lucas Nolan . com ,  
 Lucas Nolan 