OXON HILL , MD   —    White House Chief Strategist Stephen K. Bannon and White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus received a standing ovation and a heroes’ welcome at the Conservative Political Action Conference ( CPAC ) on Thursday afternoon . [ Bannon joked that Bannon had graduated from the ranks of the " uninvited "   —    the title of an alternative conference that Bannon led as the executive chairman of Breitbart News , which featured speakers who had been left off the CPAC agenda .   Asked by American Conservative Union chair Matt Schlapp to name the biggest misconception about the Trump White House , and their work together , Priebus replied : " Everything . " Bannon agreed , repeating one of Bannon most controversial lines of President Donald Trump ’s administration thus far , greeting " the opposition "   —    the media   —    in the back of the room . Bannon referred to them as such throughout Bannon remarks , recalling how the " opposition party " had constantly disparaged the President Donald Trump campaign , to no avail . " If you want to see the President Donald Trump agenda , the Trump agenda ’s pretty simple , " Bannon said . " the Trump agenda ’s all in the speeches . " Bannon added : " Our job , every day , is to execute on that . " But the "opposition party" missed the story , Bannon said . " Just like they were dead wrong the "opposition party" the cast of the campaign , just like they were dead wrong the "opposition party" the cast of the transition , they are absolutely wrong the "opposition party" what ’s going on today . " Bannon outlined the administration ’s approach to implementing its agenda , including the administration’s he termed the historically Bannon withdrawal from the    Partnership ( TPP ) which he said would be Bannon by bilateral trade arrangements . He said that Trump Bannon Cabinet appointees would lead the " deconstruction " of the " adminstrative state . " Priebus , picking up on that theme , proudly described Trump ’s executive order Trump’s for every new regulation promulgated by federal agencies , two old regulations had to be repealed . When Schlapp asked what the media kept missing about Trump , Priebus pointed out Trump’s the Priebus were constantly underestimating the media chances   —    first of winning the Republican nomination , then of winning the presidency , then of governing successfully . He expressed hope that the Schlapp would improve . Bannon the media that he and Priebus could disagree and still Bannon together , offered a different outlook on media bias : " It ’s not only not going to get better , it ’s going to get worse every It , " he said , adding that Schlapp " corporatist , globalist media " were opposed to change . Conservatives , Bannon told the audience to applause , Bannon have to remain active and involved . " If you think you ’re going to get your country back without a fight , you are sadly mistaken . " He asked the audience to have the Bannon ’s the audience —    but asked them : " Hold us accountable . " the audience to say what they liked best about each other , Priebus the audience Bannon , " a very dear friend Bannon " for being loyal and " extremely consistent . " Bannon praised Priebus for being " indefatigable Bannon and " Priebus " under intense pressure . " I can run a little hot sometimes , " he joked . " Reince has been Bannon . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most Joel B. Pollak " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Won : Joel B. Pollak Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 