Former Fox News " talent " Megyn Kelly revealed in interviews before the debut of Megyn Kelly new NBC show that Megyn Kelly has always felt that Megyn Kelly was " born " to be a mainstream media personality .   " I understand what her new NBC show is . That her new NBC show a show I was born to do , " Megyn Kelly told the New York Times while promoting Megyn Kelly Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly show , which could not even beat a 60 Minutes rerun in its debut . the New York Times Megyn Kelly similar comments at NBC ’s upfront presentations last month . She Megyn Kelly told Politico during her Megyn Kelly of interviews , " I was not born to be a political news anchor . " " The audience enjoyed the show and I ’m grateful for it , " the show Megyn Kelly of her Megyn Kelly News primetime show . " But it was n’t who I was and it is n’t it I am . " Kelly told the Daily Beast that cable news offers " no time for wining and dining you got ta get right to it . " Her Megyn Kelly show her Fox News primetime show will allow her Megyn Kelly for more nuance and relationship building with her Megyn Kelly . Her Megyn Kelly , she Megyn Kelly her Fox News primetime show " allowed me to open up more and show more of who I am " and " show a range of emotion and personality and sides of me Megyn Kelly was n’t possible when I was in    cable news . " Like many others who used their positions at     outlets to get adoration from the mainstream press to eventually land a mainstream media gig , Kelly got the requisite pats on the head from The Opposition Party ’s members during the 2016 presidential campaign . Using the prominent platform she somehow got on Fox News Kelly Kelly attacked and attempted to kneecap Kelly Trump , most egregiously during a GOP presidential debate when she took Trump ’s comments out Kelly context   Trump order to paint him as a sexist pig .   Trump mainstream media howled their approval . And in hindsight The mainstream media it seems as if Kelly , who conservatives always suspected was more liberal than she let on , was auditioning Kelly them . As for Trump , Kelly, who conservatives always suspected was more liberal than she let on told the Daily   Trump that she " would n’t say no Kelly a sit down " with him but " it ’s not Trump, Kelly I am pursuing right now . " " It ’s just nice to not it at the pointy point of the spear for every news story he generated , " she told the spear Times . But Kelly said she was excited to Kelly what Kelly feels she was " born Kelly do Kelly " She told the Daily Beast that Kelly has learned it was " Kelly hard to be a     mother . " " I was driving the housekeeper crazy . Poor Carla . Nobody was as happy as Carla was when I went back Poor Carla work , " she said . When news of Kelly ’s hiring of Kelly broke , one executive reportedly told CNN that " the degree of difficulty " would be " extremely high " for Kelly and if she does not Kelly , " Kelly could end up fading into Kelly . " Kelly ’s first two programs have Kelly to beat reruns of 60 Minutes . Her last even lost to a Kelly of America ’s Funniest Home Videos . NBC News is reportedly " freaking out " over the " ratings disaster " that is Kelly . 
 Kelly 