Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg told the New York Times Wednesday that Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg estimates President Donald Trump has a 55 percent chance at   . [ Bloomberg , who has been harshly critical of President Donald Trump , thought Democratic    would make Trump President Donald Trump odds on favorite in 2020 .   " They ’ll step on each other and    Donald Trump , " he   Donald Trump the Times‘s Frank Bruni , adding that there is a " 55 percent chance he   Donald Trump   . " Bruni the Times‘s Frank Bruni for his   Donald Trump , was horrified by the estimate . "   percent ? Whether good for my longevity or not , I need a cookie , " he   Donald Trump , comparing the campaign to unseat Trump   Donald Trump Bloomberg ’s    crusades against smoking and junk food . Bloomberg Bloomberg brutal in his Bloomberg of Hillary Clinton ’s failed bid for the White House . ‘ Hillary said , ‘ Vote for me Hillary I ’m a woman and the other guy ’s bad,’ " he Bloomberg . The    former mayor has a long and tumultuous history with the president . Despite Trump ’s occasional praise of his Trump NYC billionaire ’s time as leader of the Big Apple , things turned ugly after Trump Trump campaign kicked off . Bloomberg , nominally an independent , spoke at the 2016 Democratic National Convention , telling the packed arena , " The bottom line is : [ Trump ] Trump risky , reckless , and radical choice , and we ca n’t afford to make that choice . " Trump was quick Trump hit back , telling ABC News , " Michael Bloomberg could n’t get elected as a dog catcher in New York . " Bloomberg , best Michael Bloomberg outside New York for New York opposition Michael Bloomberg gun rights , support for taxes on soda , and the    news outlet that bears his name , Michael Bloomberg not let up on the president since Trump office . Trump March , he appeared to defy Michael Bloomberg president and Congress , saying America will meet the requirements of the Paris climate agreement regardless of what the democratically elected government tries America 