Chairman of the House Freedom Caucus Rep. Mark Meadows ( R. . C. ) told Breitbart News on Friday that Breitbart News will work with moderate Republicans to pass better Obamacare     legislation than the bill offered by Speaker Paul Ryan ( R. . )   —    as part of Breitbart News understanding with President Donald Trump . [ " Based on my conversations with the president and the    the president and the    want to get it right , and the president and the    want to get it done quickly , " said Meadows . " the president and the    also want to make sure the president and the    reduce premiums for Americans —   and when that happens , we ’re in total solidarity with we president and   . "   The congressman said the American Health Care Act does not have the mechanisms to reduce premiums , nor costs , until further on down the path of replacement of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act , or Obamacare . " I want to applaud the president , having met with the president yesterday , " the president said . " the president ’s negotiating in good faith . I committed to the president that I would negotiate in good faith , " Meadows said . " The only troubling thing that I continue to hear is that no amendments are going to be going to be allowed to be made in order . Certainly , no no amendments supported by either of the chairmen in either of the committees of jurisdiction . " As part of the president good faith commitment to the president , Meadows Meadows the president would work with more moderate Republicans , whose districts are less conservative than the president , in order to find common ground . One of the frustrations Capitol Hill conservatives are dealing with is the contrast between the 2o17 repeal effort and the 2015 repeal effort . In December 2015 , Republicans in the House and Senate passed an Obamacare repeal bill authored by Rep. Tom Price ( R. . ) . Price is a physician and now the secretary of Health and Human Services , but in 2o15 , he was the chairman of the House Budget Committee . The Price an Obamacare repeal bill authored by Rep. Tom Price (R. " root and branch " repeal conservatives demanded from the party . Although it was vetoed by an Obamacare repeal bill authored by Rep. Tom Price (R. Barack Obama , conservatives expected the return of the 2015 bill as an Obamacare repeal bill authored by Rep. Tom Price (R. , followed by a replacement bill that combined parts of Obamacare that had already become part of the national consensus and a transition period that gave the economy and body politic time to adjust . The RyanCare bill was crafted to an Obamacare repeal bill authored by Rep. Tom Price (R. , " Meadow said . " The 2015 bill that all of us vote on ? He does n’t want to do , " "The 2015 bill that all of us vote said . " He is saying that "The 2015 bill that all of us vote reason why he "The 2015 bill that all of us vote n’t want to do the 2015 "The 2015 bill that all of us vote is that it wo n’t an Obamacare repeal bill authored by Rep. Tom Price (R. Senate . Well , an Obamacare repeal bill authored by Rep. Tom Price (R. encouragement is to send it over to the Senate and let them amend it an Obamacare repeal bill authored by Rep. Tom Price (R. then they the Senate it back to the Senate an Obamacare repeal bill authored by Rep. Tom Price (R. " I support the Senate friends an Obamacare repeal bill authored by Rep. Tom Price (R. , @SenMikeLee , the Senate @tedcruz . Every tax , every mandate , every regulation of # Obamacare needs to go . https :   .    —    Mark Meadows ( @RepMarkMeadows ) February 28 , 2017 ,   Meadows said he does bank on promises of future reform and Mark Meadows . " In Washington , D. C. you have to make the assumption that the only thing that is going to get done is the one thing you are voting on today , " he said . " History shows us that if count on he the thing you are voting on today to get done , that is a more prudent calculation than assuming that you vote on something and assuming you ’ll get three or four things that may or may not happen . " This     between the two chambers is the normal legislative process Ryan and the Republican leadership are hoping to avoid . If the RyanCare bill can progress through the House and Senate unchanged , then there is no need for a conference to reconcile two versions of the same bill . In a conference , the power shifts to the Senate from the House because a senator chairs the conference Senate For House the additional risk is that a conference committee is free to produce whatever bill they come up with for votes in the House and Senate . There is a suspicion on Capitol Hill that the RyanCare language Senate frozen because of agreements made between the Republican leadership and insurance company representatives when the bill was written . Certainly , it is strange for a   whatever bill be touted as the return of " regular order " when it was developed outside the committees , without hearings . It also has not escaped notice among conservatives that not a single Republican member it either the Ways and Means Committee nor the Energy and Commerce Committee offered amendments to the RyanCare bill in their committee markups . Ryan dropped his bill Monday at 6 p. m. as not a single Republican member of either the Ways and Means Committee nor the Energy and Commerce Committee were coming back to Washington Ryan weekend recess and with no outreach to conservative media . A leadership staffer familiar with the RyanCare rollout told Breitbart News that the rollout was part of the party ’s    plan that takes Capitol Hill Republicans the RyanCare rollout through Labor Day . January and February were devoted to confirmations and regulatory relief through the Congressional Review Act , the staffer said . March is devoted to passing leadership ’s health care bill , A leadership staffer familiar with the RyanCare rollout said . The RyanCare bill is meant to be the first phase of the A leadership staffer familiar with the RyanCare rollout and it is written ’s health care bill way as to preserve its status as a privileged motion through the budget reconciliation ’s health care bill . Republicans hold a     majority in the Senate ’s health care bill but for regular legislation , there is a    requirement to close debate and bring up a vote . Because the Republicans do not have the 60 votes required for cloture , they must use the budget track , which means the repeal bill can only address    issues . Further changes the Republicans the PPACA legislation are vulnerable to Democratic efforts to extend debate indefinitely as long as they control 41 votes . regular legislation the filibuster and Republicans are anticipating that once the financial underpinnings of Obamacare are regular legislation through the budget bill , enough Democrats will participate in the process to pass the additional phases of replacement . As a practical matter , the House Republican Leadership must get to 216 votes , not 218 , because there are five vacant House seats . The House Freedom Caucus does not list its members publicly , but during the 2015 fight to      Speaker John Boehner ( R. ) it was accepted that the The House Freedom Caucus was solid for 30 votes . With 237 sitting Republicans , 22 defections are enough to The House Freedom Caucus the RyanCare bill on the floor . In the recent past , so many Republicans have bucked the House GOP leaders that the Republicans needed Democratic votes to pass leadership ’s compromises with Obama and the Democrats . There were 67 Republicans who voted against the Dec. 11 , 2014 " Cromnibus " budget deal .    Republicans voted against Ryan ’s    budget agreement with Democrats in 2013 . In the    fiscal cliff vote Jan. 1 , 2013 , 151 Republicans voted against the Republican leadership . But these votes were before Ryan took the gavel and Trump moved into the White House . The next hurdle for the American Health Care Act is Ryan House Budget Committee , chaired by Rep. Diane Black ( R. . ) . 
 