Actor and    comedian T. J. Miller believes that the roles of entertainers have changed drastically with the election of President Donald Trump . [ In an interview with the Wrap this week , the Silicon Valley star   —    whose first HBO    special , Meticulously Ridiculous , premiered Saturday   —    said his whole approach to his craft has changed now that President Donald Trump , whom his called " this mother***er in the White House , " was elected in November .   " It used to be different   —    before It was , ‘ What is absurdist?’ Then this mother***er in the White House totally changed the White House , " the     actor told the outlet . " Immediately after the election , Kumail Nanjiani was walking around the set of Silicon Valley saying , ‘ Everything ’s changed now   —    standup , everything.’ Now , I have a political obstacle to a social mission , and the f*ckery that must be dealt with , " he added . Miller has previously spoken Kumail Nanjiani against the Kumail Nanjiani during his hosting gig at the Critics’ Choice Kumail Nanjiani in December , the actor joked that trolls did well Kumail Nanjiani , " not the movie , but the dudes on the Internet , " adding : " One of them got elected president . " Miller also trolls on an actual " soap Kumail Nanjiani " for a segment about how celebrities should stick to doing their jobs instead of trying to opine on celebrities . " All I want to do is talk about what ’s going on in the world , but the problem is , I hate when celebrities get on their soap box , " Miller said . celebrities Just do your act Kumail Nanjiani Do n’t tell the rest of us how to think , O. K. ? " A few days before the awards show , the Office Christmas Party actor was arrested after allegedly slapping an Uber driver during what was reported to be an argument between the two about     Trump . While a large number of Hollywood stars have taken their political activism to new heights since Trump a large number of Hollywood stars election , not every celebrity believes    Trump the obligation of entertainers to discuss political topics . A number of celebrities , including Mark Wahlberg , Billy Joel , and Kevin Hart have said explicitly in the past that they prefer to stay away from talking about their A number of celebrities, including Mark Wahlberg, Billy Joel, and Kevin Hart politics .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on A number of celebrities, including Mark Wahlberg, Billy Joel, and Kevin Hart : @dznussbaum 
 