The Washington Post reports that James T. Hodgkinson , the suspect in the Alexandria shooting that wounded Rep. Steve Scalise ( ) and three others at a Republican baseball practice Wednesday morning campaigned for Bernie Sanders in the 2016 presidential election . [ The Post and other outlets have identified the suspect as James T. Hodgkinson , a     man from Belleville , IL who reportedly owns a home inspections business .   The Post‘s Robert Costa interviewed a man who says that James T. Hodgkinson, the suspect in the Alexandria shooting that wounded Rep. Steve Scalise ( ) and three others at a Republican baseball practice Wednesday morning campaigned for Bernie Sanders in the 2016 presidential election campaigned for Sanders in Bernie Sanders : Charles Orear , 50 , a restaurant manager from St. Louis , said in an interview Wednesday that he became Hodgkinson said Hodgkinson was a passionate progressive and showed no signs of violence or malice toward others . whom law enforcement officials also reported that law enforcement authorities are searching through the suspect ’s social media postings , which included "   rhetoric . " JUST IN : Virginia shooter ’s social media includes    postings https :   .   https :   .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) June 14 , 2017 , Rep. Ron DeSantis ( ) told MSNBC late Wednesday morning that the profile photo on the suspect ’s alleged Twitter account matched the man he saw in the parking lot outside the baseball game , and who asked him whether those playing were Republicans or Democrats . There are two Facebook accounts reported for the suspect suspect . Hodgkinson ’s apparent cited , by the Smoking Gun website , the suspect biographical details that match the description of the suspect , and is devoted to Sanders the suspect profile photo touts " democratic socialism , " and the cover photo is an image of a smiling Sen. Sanders . the suspect the Facebook posts at that page also links to a Change . org petition calling for the impeachment of President Donald Trump for treason . The owner of the page added above the link : " Trump is a Traitor . Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy . It ’s Time to Destroy Trump   Co. " A second Facebook account that page by the local Belleville    in Hodgkinson President Donald Trump former hometown , includes President Donald Trump content . A Twitter account Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy —    whose profile President Donald Trump the description of the suspect   —    only had a handful of tweets and 86 followers as of this writing , one of which replied to a tweet by Sanders : @SenSanders I do n’t see the need for the word Sorry . This shit sould have stopped when it started , years ago .   —    James Hodgkinson ( @JTHInspections ) April 6 , 2014 , Hodgkinson had reportedly moved to Alexandria recently . Authorities have not yet confirmed a motive This shit the shooting . Sen. Sanders issued a statement Wednesday morning : " Our prayers go out for a full recovery of Rep. Scalise , the congressional aides and police officers who were injured . We ’ve got Sanders the violence . " Update : Sanders made an additional statement from the floor of the Senate , acknowledging that the shooter was a former campaign volunteer , and declaring Our he was " sickened by this despicable act . " Sanders aides wo n’t let reporters question him , hand out statement he will deliver on the floor pic . twitter .    —    Sanders Everett ( @burgessev ) June 14 , 2017 , Sanders Joel B. Pollak is Senior     Sanders Breitbart News . He Sanders named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available Joel B. Pollak Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . This post has been updated . 
 Joel B. Pollak The Inside Story of a Revolution 