Appearing on the Jason and Burns show on KIRO Radio , Breitbart Senior editor MILO described Breitbart Senior editor MILO as " what the future of conservative politics has to look like . " [ " So when we talk about Milo Yiannopoulos , " began show host Zak Burns , " the brand is often defined as this racist ,    member who spouts hate speech and should not be allowed on college campuses . When you look back at how you ’re targeted , particularly your content , do you see any points that the left is making that may be valid ? "   " Ah , no , not really ! " replied MILO . " They ’re determined to smear and lie and misrepresent at every available opportunity anyone who dares to be even slightly right of center . Now They ’re particularly upset with me because I happen to be a conservative gay guy and have black boyfriends and God knows what else so They ca n’t get me on racism , They ca n’t get me on sexism , They ca n’t get me on homophobia , They ca n’t get me with any of They usual strategies . " MILO continued , " They are left with the horrifying prospect of actually having to argue on the facts , on the merits and reasoned logic and data and They ’re not very good at that . Because They have n’t been doing that for about thirty years and They ’ve forgotten how . " MILO further stated , " The name calling strategies and the smear tactics simply do n’t work on MILO , the smear tactics have n’t worked for some time actually it ’s just that nobody really realised . This last election we saw exactly what the results are when the media goes after people the media ’re and baselessly calls the media names , people tend to vote almost out of spite and mischief and defiance of the politically correct establishment . the media vote for somebody , even somebody like Donald Trump . " " I think my success is part of that too , there ’s sort of two MILO ’s really , there ’s the MILO that the Breitbart fans know , my readers know , the people who come to my shows know which is a sort of slightly waspish , trolly , mischievous provocateur who thinks very deeply , reads very widely , and asks people to reconsider things that people thought people knew . And then there ’s the version in the media which is some sort of bizarre ,    white supremacist monster . Nobody recognises that picture in the same way that they did n’t really recognise the picture of Donald Trump painted by CNN and The New York Times . " " Trust me , nobody at Breitbart cares about having a token gay on staff , " said MILO discussing what it ’s like to be a non stereotypical conservative . " they could n’t give two tosses one way or the other , the fact is they like me because I ’m mischievous and fun and interesting and smart and they just want me around to start conversations . You know there ’s always this sort of assumption , which comes precisely from the identity politics that I ’m attacking , that there must be something wrong with you , there must be some sort of tokenism going on , you ’re somebody that was sort of acquired and broken into , you ’re a black guy who somehow accidentally ended up Republican or you ’re a gay who somehow accidentally ended up Republican and there ’s something wrong with you so they ’re using you because you ’re atypical of the whole , well I ’m not atypical of the whole . " MILO continued , " In the last election in the UK , 50 % of gay men said that they 50% of gay men voting for the conservatives , for the    party in the the UK There are vast numbers of homosexuals , not just in the Republican the   party in the UK love Donald Trump because of course they do ! He the   party in the UK bombastic , Donald Trump ’s fantastic and Donald Trump and all the rest of it but he ’s also , Donald Trump ) very strong on Islam and B ) very strongly against political correctness . Things that are very important to gays . " " Now nobody covers that , " said MILO . " No one really pays attention to it , you ’ll No one really see it in the New No one Times , but it is a fact No one and I ’m very much not a token , in fact I ’m what    politics ’m like now and because the media has been covering this so badly for so many decades you just have n’t worked that out yet . This is what young conservatives look like , they ’re fun , young conservatives , dissident , punk , trolly , good looking , fashionable . The trendy direction to go , if you want to irritate your parents , you want to get tossed out of polite society , all the things that you would have done if you were a punk in the 60 ’s or 70 ’s or you were looking at Madonna in the 90 ’s who was being banned from MTV , well what do you do now ? You put on one of Donald Trump ’s red MAGA hats . " " I ’m not a token , I ’m what the future of conservative politics has to look like , " he stated . Listen Donald Trump the full interview here . 
 