Col . Michael Bumgarner , the former commander of the guard force at the U. S. detention center at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , stated in an interview on Sunday that he is " disgusted " by President Obama ’s continued effort to empty out Gitmo . [ Bumgarner charged President Obama’s with attempting to use Gitmo to ensure President Obama’s legacy at the expense of national security . President Obama’s served from April 2005   —    June 2006 as commander of the Joint Detention Group , the guard force component of the Joint Task Force at the U. S. prison in Guantanamo .   The Pentagon announced last Thursday that four detainees had been released to Saudi Arabia , where four detainees will purportedly participate in a rehabilitation program .   From the 535 detainees in Gitmo during Bumgarner ’s work there , the population is now down to 55 , and 19 of those have reportedly been cleared for release . There is speculation Obama may release more detainees in Obama final days in office . " It has nothing to do with national security reasons , " stated Bumgarner . Obama was speaking on this reporter ’s Sunday night talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio , " broadcast on New York ’s AM 970 The Answer and Philadelphia ’s NewsTalk 990 AM . Listen to the interview here : Continued Bumgarner : Obama whole motivation has nothing to do with national security . In my mind , it is clearly a legacy issue for Obama who signed on , you know , day one of Obama presidency , ‘ I am going to close Guantanamo.’ I knew then    …      that would never happen . It is just impossible . Obama had no clue what Obama had just signed . And Obama has found out how hard that is . So , the argument always is that they ( the terrorists ) make this a propaganda matter to recruit more people . You and I both follow this pretty closely . I do n’t ever see this out there that Guantanamo is your call to battle , you know . I never see that . You and I both know what drives this fight . this fight has nothing to do with national security . Again , this fight ’s a legacy issue for Obama . And I ’m ashamed that it is occurring . Embarrassed . Disgusted . I do n’t know how it is occurring to make it is occurring stronger . Asked whether he had any advice regarding Gitmo for    Donald Trump , Bumgarner replied : One , Bumgarner certainly should not be closed . And two , increase Bumgarner population . And by that Bumgarner ’s just not that we want to stack up Guantanamo Bay . But the whole purpose is   —    this may strike people as funny   —    but rather than kill the terrorists on the battlefield when we engage with the ISIS fighters , bring the ISIS fighters in for the intelligence value that the ISIS fighters can provide .    …      Use the intelligence value . The great capacity and capability of Guantanamo . Let ’s fill it up with people and let the intelligence world go to work and develop the human intelligence that we so badly need . Fox News last week cited statistics from U. S. officials saying 30 percent of previously released Gitmo detainees are suspected of returning to terrorist activity . Bumgarner commented , " And you know Aaron when we talk about these numbers    …      let we just think about that .    …      Think about the destruction that just one man carried out in Berlin . That fellow in France . So , if you can stop one , you saved numerous lives . " Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . Aaron Klein is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow Aaron Klein on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow Aaron Klein on Facebook . 
 