President Donald Trump spent much of President Donald Trump Sunday sending unfiltered messages on Twitter , despite reports that said White House attorneys would start vetting President Donald Trump messages and tweet less . [ " The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging   demeaning my use of social media because The Fake News Media do n’t want America to hear the real story ! " President Donald Trump wrote on Twitter on Sunday night .   President Donald Trump remained mostly idle on Twitter during President Donald Trump trip overseas , using President Donald Trump account to thank President Donald Trump foreign hosts for an excellent trip . That caught the attention of reporters , who speculated that President Donald Trump would be more filtered in the future . " I ’ve been told a factor in the lack of tweeting abroad overall was the presence of Melania Trump , " wrote a Politico reporter on Twitter . President Donald Trump was expected to travel on Saturday , presumably to President Donald Trump golf course , but an excellent trip was canceled , likely due to rain . Instead , President Donald Trump spent his President Donald Trump on Twitter challenging the accuracy of stories about the White House . " It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White the White House lies made up by the # FakeNews media , " Trump wrote on Twitter . Twitter challenging the accuracy of stories about the White House Whenever you see the words ‘ sources say’ in the fake news media , and they do n’t mention the fake news media it is very possible that those sources do n’t exist but are made up by fake news writers . # FakeNews is the enemy ! " Trump also highlighted another Trump victory for Republicans in Montana , despite    hysteria suggesting that the Republican candidate would lose a special election in the state after " body slamming " a reporter . " Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems   Fake News until the Republican won ? " Trump wrote , calling the story " poorly covered . " He also criticized leaks Trump British intelligence from American sources to the news media . " British Prime Minister May British very angry that the info the U. K. gave to U. S. about Manchester was leaked , " he wrote . " British Prime Minister May me full details ! " The president also wrote Trump plan for health care Trump tax cuts . " ObamaCare is dead   —    the Republicans will do much better ! " he wrote , floating the Trump of adding more money to fund health care and promised that tax reform was moving along swiftly . " The massive TAX    that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well , actually ahead of schedule . Big benefits to all ! " he wrote . Trump sent Trump messages on Twitter on Saturday , one of the busiest days on the social platform as president . Trump ’s social media director Trump confirmed for reporters that Trump ’s use of Twitter would Trump . " Various Twitter reports of attorneys vetting Donald Trump ’s tweets are compliments Trump’s   terrible ‘ sources,’ " he wrote . " # FACT " 
 Trump’s 