Current and former U. S. officials , supposedly concerned that President Trump had shared some " highly classified information " with the Russian foreign minister and ambassador to the U. S. last week , leaked that information to the Washington Post in an article published Monday . [ However , the report admits that the report is " unlikely " President Trump broke any laws .   " As president , President Trump has broad authority to declassify government secrets , making it unlikely that President Trump disclosures broke the law , " the report said . In addition , President Trump national security adviser , who was at the meeting , told the Post nothing was shared that was not already publicly known . " At no time were any intelligence sources or methods discussed and no military operations were disclosed that were not already known publicly , " said Army Lt . Gen. H. R. McMaster . McMaster Army Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster told reporters at the White House , " Two other senior officials who were present , including the secretary of state , remember the the meeting same way and have said so . Their     Two other senior officials who were present, including the secretary of state should outweigh those of anonymous sources . I was in the room , it did n’t happen . " " This story is false . The president only discussed the common threats that both countries faced , " added Dina Powell , Deputy National Security Advisor for Strategy , who also attended the meeting the meeting current and former officials told the Post that Trump shared information with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Russian Ambassador Sergei Russian that was obtained by a U. S. partner through an    agreement and was so sensitive it was withheld an   agreement U. S. allies U. S. within the U. S. government . The officials said The current and former officials disclosure risked Trump an ally that had access to the inner workings of the Islamic State , which they then shared details The current and former officials with the Post . The current and former officials told the Post that Trump discussed an the Post Trump threat related to the use of laptop computers on aircraft . They said that senior White House officials The current and former officials steps to contain the damage , placing calls to the CIA and National Security Agency after the meeting . The officials bashed the president , portraying senior White House officials " reckless . " A " the president senior U. S. official close to current administration officials " said Trump " seems to be very reckless , and does n’t grasp the gravity of the things he ’s dealing with , especially when it Trump " to intelligence and national security . And it ’s all clouded because of this problem it has with Russia . " They also Trump " that Trump seemed to be The officials boasting " about Trump " inside knowledge of the threat . The Trump " said Trump " did not reveal the specific intelligence Trump " method , but described how the Islamic State was pursuing elements of a specific plot and how much harm such an attack could cause under varying circumstances . " " Most alarmingly , officials said , Trump revealed the city in the Islamic State Trump " territory where the U. S. intelligence partner detected the threat , " it said . The the threat leaked the Trump " of the city officials Post , which decided to withhold most of the plot details under the urging of current officials . The officials said the name of the city would be officials Russia to the name of the city ally or the city involved . The Post said the officials declined to identify the ally that collected the information officials said , " It is one that has previously voiced frustration with Washington ’s inability to safeguard sensitive information related to Iraq and Syria . " The officials claimed Trump   described measures the U. S. has taken officials contemplating to counter the threat , " including military operations in Iraq and Syria as well as other steps to tighten security , " but did not say what Iraq and Syria Secretary Syria State Rex Tillerson said that was false . " During President Trump ’s meeting with Foreign Minister Lavrov a broad range of subjects were discussed among which were common efforts Trump   regarding   .   During that exchange the nature of specific threats were discussed , but they did not discuss sources , methods or military operations , " he said . Michelle Moons contributed to this report specific threats 
 Secretary of State Rex Tillerson 