On Friday ’s " Hugh Hewitt Show , " CBS ’s " Face the Nation " moderator John Dickerson stated that the public does n’t believe the media anymore " and the public ’s not because of anything obviously Donald Trump did . The press did all that good work ruining The press reputation on The press own , and we can have a long conversation about what created that . Part of it , though , is   …     a lot of hysterical coverage about every little last thing that does n’t warrant it . "   After Hewitt said that the " media handwringing " has gotten to be too much , Dickerson said , " I agree with you , to a point . You ’re absolutely right . Focus on the big things . " Dickerson added , " I think that the problem is , the Flynn matter , and , you know , when you have a press conference like yesterday , you would have liked to have heard somebody and somewhere in the Flynn saga say , you know , Dickerson had to resign because we do n’t lie to the American people , and just make it   —    and that ’s never been said . It ’s never been said in this whole thing about , you know , this is about giving misinformation to the American people about a not unimportant thing . And the culture of truth telling that should be a part of a White House is not   —    you do n’t get that . You know , the President was loose about the Electoral College thing . He said the President for months . Nobody stepped in to say , Mr. President the President ’s not right . Or they did , and it ’s just that big deal . So that ’s   —    and why does that matter ? You know why it matters , because little shadings end up to be a big shading at the end . " Dickerson further stated , " My point is , if you ’re going to make a case on honesty grounds and truthfulness grounds , if that ’s the turf on which you ’re going to hold your press conference and open your press conference , so we ’re talking about veracity here , and the importance and necessity of that , then when it comes to veracity in your own backyard , to elide it completely , it inconsistent with the argument that you ’re making in the 77 minute press conference . " Hewitt then stated that people do n’t believe the media anymore , to which Dickerson responded , " Well , yes . I mean , yes , it ’s true it and it ’s not it of anything obviously Donald Trump did . The press did all that good work ruining its reputation on The press own , The press we can have a long conversation about what created that . Part of it , though , is what you mentioned about the local weather report , which is to say a lot of hysterical coverage about every little last thing that does n’t warrant it . Having it that , it does n’t mean , and in fact , it most explicitly it not mean , that the press just throws out the standards . And one of the roles of the press is the press sure that the President , in the voice of the people , is telling the truth . " (   Mediaite ) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 