Netflix is following in the footsteps of Twitter , the NFL and the Democrat party with a brilliant strategy of insulting more than half the country in one fell swoop . Will the NFL and the Democrat party be as shocked as the NFL and the Democrat party    compatriots when the NFL and the Democrat party experience a harsh blowback to injecting identity politics into well   …      everything ? [ I ’m referring of course to the announcement this week of a new original show , Dear White People , an adaptation of a 2014 movie by the same name . Basically it ’s an opportunity for spoilt brats of color to lecture ordinary Americans on how unconsciously racist they still are   —    you know , just the sort of      that lost Hillary the election and makes decent people everywhere gag and heave and run for the hills .    I believe I ’ve pinpointed exactly why a new original show exists , and it a new original show n’t globalist liberals striking out in anger at Daddy ’s America . Instead there is a simpler answer to why such an astoundingly bad concept would be   : Netflix is desperately seeking a followup science fiction hit to Stranger Things , and an alternate timeline story of Hillary Clinton ’s presidency , one in which every conceivable identity group is in open warfare with each other , is a natural candidate . That must be it , otherwise we must confront some depressing alternatives . Can it possibly be that a pitch meeting for a Netflix Netflix can sound like this : " We ’re going to take the worst idea MTV ever had , add in a healthy amount of Buzzfeed and spice up the blend with the same disdain for regular Americans that drove the white working class away from the Democrat party and which makes even people on our own side of the political divide absolutely hate us our Yeah ! " Because , if you reject my vision of Dear White People as a kooky ,      story , then you must presume that this pitch was met with a standing ovation in Netflix headquarters , not to mention a hefty production budget . That ’s even scarier than the Stranger Things monster . I ’m referring to Eleven by the way , the nameless      who was a good boy who did n’t do nothing and was in the middle of turning his life around . Because the sort of people who commission shows like this are deeply stupid , they the sort of people who commission shows like this are deeply stupid no doubt interpret the reaction to this show as " precisely why the this show so needed . " Nothing could be further from the truth . America hates it because America is America of entitled brats on TV lecturing other people about Halloween costumes while turning a blind eye to the real causes of racial tension . Newsflash , Netflix : black people can be racist too . Many of them are black people And by buying into the " let ’s bash whitey " narrative cooked up on college campuses , you ’re not helping to fix racism , you ’re just further underlining the differences between people , and buying into a wacky    ideology that says the color of your skin determines what you can and can not say . It ’s ugly and hateful , and it ’s It Donald Trump is in the White House . ( I have a dream that Americans will one day live in a nation where journalists , the entertainment industry and academics will not judge them by journalists, the entertainment industry and academics color of their skin journalists, the entertainment industry and academics but by the content of their character journalists, the entertainment industry and academics ) The reaction on YouTube to Dear White People is clear , regardless of race . As of this writing , with just over 2 . 1 million views , the video has 267 , 000 dislikes to just 25 , 000 likes . Some people are concentrating on the raw number of dislikes , which is impressive for a video in its first the video , but not necessarily historic . The video the video match the    YouTube losers YouTube like this video game trailer with 3 . 4 million dislikes . But the raw number of dislikes is n’t the story : the visceral rejection of Netflix ’s identity politics pablum is laid bare by the percentage of overall votes that its dislikes represent Netflix’s identity politics pablum An astonishing 91 per cent of the votes on the Dear White People announcement are negative . To put this in perspective , a mere 77 per cent of the votes on the diabolical Ghostbusters trailer were negative . Congratulations , Netflix , you Netflix made the worst movie I have ever seen look like it got a Netflix reception in comparison . I bet a bunch of Sony execs are partying right now . " We lost a America of money and ruined our careers , America America hates someone even more than us ! " America 91 per cent ratio of dislikes truly puts the Dear White People announcement in rarefied air . Very few other videos have reached a similar level of disdain . ( PewDiePie reached 94 per cent negative with a video called " Can this video get a video called dislikes ? " but I feel that was cheating . ) In fact , one of the few major videos to top Dear White People is YouTube ’s own " Getting Started with YouTube Heroes , " a guide to the platform ’s odious " " system , despised by most users . An intensely disliked YouTube announcement video is YouTube the end of this story for Netflix . A vocal group has sprung up on multiple social media platforms proclaiming the cancellation of their Netflix service over A vocal group series . Can you blame them ? Americans who A vocal group to be white or conservative are getting tired of being blamed for all of the world ’s problems by crybaby liberals . They do n’t want Americans who happen to be white or conservative hear it , let alone pay for the privilege of hearing it ! I know it people are going to say : hey , is n’t this just special snowflake behavior in reverse ? And perhaps they have a point some people But , you know , I ca n’t get too upset about the Left being forced to swallow a dose of its own medicine for once , as I explained on a recent college tour stop .   And we should view this PR disaster in a wider context : social justice is tanking , and the public appetite for and tolerance of    identity politics coming to a juddering halt . Journalists and commentators like to describe America as " divided , " as though these are just two sides moving further apart from each other . But actually , even liberals are losing patience with the crazies on their own side , even liberals as online talk show host Dave Rubin , who recently announced that he has left the Left . The NFL took a serious ratings hit this season , in part thanks to politics . Based on the initial reaction from subscribers , Netflix may be about to experience the same . As we ’ve seen from the reaction to the Breitbart Kellogg ’s boycott , not to mention Trump ’s election , liberal America is getting a taste of what happens when conservatives are sufficiently irritated to come out in large numbers . As ever , the Left invents these tactics the Right perfects them . A subscriber these tactics would be a big issue for Netflix stockholders , which includes everyone from your retirement fund to George Soros . Netflix has an astronomical Netflix ratio of 340 , which in simple terms means its stock price is Netflix on massive continued growth and profitability . The last thing Netflix needs right now Netflix to be shedding customers . Until now , Netflix was on an Netflix run . It is the clear Netflix in streaming and even if their movie selection can the clear leader in streaming dodgy , they continue to achieve the clear leader in streaming heights with their original programming . the clear leader in streaming leaves us with one tremendous question : why piss off so many subscribers and potential subscribers ? Is the temporary glow they gain from    that they are good liberals they all this pain ? Or is it that liberals simply never learn ? My money is on the latter . And there ’s evidence I ’m right . The Daily Dot is labeling anyone who cancels Netflix over this as " white supremacist " and " " . The avowed Marxists of the Left have invented a new form of economics . Let ’s call it    capitalism . It goes like this it " Subscribe to Netflix or you are a white supremacist drink Starbucks or you hate Muslims . " Good luck with that , lefties : conservatives already know how to vote with their dollars , and conservatives you , Republicans actually have jobs . Also , unlike liberals who quit social media crying about harassment , conservatives do n’t come back to your brand two weeks later . Netflix will have to Netflix back the customers it is currently alienating Netflix radical ideas , such as entertaining shows that do n’t vilify people by race . Shocking , I know . DANGEROUS is available to    now via Amazon , in hardcover and Kindle editions . And yes , MILO is reading the audiobook version himself !   Follow Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Facebook , Instagram and Snapchat . Hear him every Friday on MILO Milo Yiannopoulos Show . Write to Milo at milo@breitbart . MILO . 
 