Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ’s ( ) leadership was called into question by new voices Thursday night as hopes expire of passing a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare before President Donald Trump ’s first 100 days end on Saturday . [ At a meeting on the Hill late Thursday night , the speaker and his House Republican leadership team decided to further delay the vote . With what appeared to be the acquiescence of conservatives in the Freedom Caucus and    like Club for Growth and FreedomWorks , who took much of the blame for the failure of the first attempt to pass the American Health Care Act ( AHCA ) in March , hopes were buoyed that passage was imminent . Instead , according to Politico , House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( ) told reporters as he left the meeting , " We are not voting on health care tomorrow . We ’re still educating members . "   Syndicated radio host Laura Ingraham joined Fox News ’s Hannity to vent Hannity frustration with House Republicans . " This is another loss for Paul Ryan , " Hannity told host Hannity : Paul Paul Ryan given this assignment to quarterback this legislation through House . It was n’t easy . It was going It be difficult . You have a lot of different factions , different people , different values , different personalities , but this is something you had to do . If you ca n’t get health care done , and done right , eight years after saying you were gon na do it    …      I do n’t even know what to say about that . What does that say about your ability to lead at a critical time for our economy ? Ingraham then hinted she may be Ingraham the end of her patience with Ingraham Ryan ’s leadership . " I ’m not gon na sugarcoat this . This is an this that this could n’t get done , " she fumed . Ingraham You ’ve got to get better communications . You have to know your caucus . Otherwise , just give it to someone who can do it . That it all I can say " : Hannity ’s next guest , fellow Fox host Lou Dobbs , went even further in his condemnation of fellow Fox host Lou Dobbs ’s handling of healthcare legislation . " Laura , bless her heart , Laura trying to be nice to Paul Ryan , Ryan said . " Ryan think the man is absolutely Ryan . He ’s become nothing less Ryan a caricature as House speaker . He ’s inept , and Ryan conference , if they do n’t get rid of him , we ’re going Ryan watch this nonsense go on in perpetuity . " Dobbs explained that , in his view , President Trump Dobbs doing all Dobbs to move his political Dobbs along and that Dobbs GOP leadership had to House held responsible for the sluggish pace on legislative priorities . He then explicitly called for Speaker Dobbs ’s ouster and replacement by Rep. Mark Meadows ( ) chairman of the    Freedom Caucus , or his predecessor in that position , Dobbs Jim Jordan ( ): Paul Ryan is not a conservative Ryan has been . His leadership team is a mixed bag Ryan conservatives [ and ] moderates . The Freedom Caucus are traditional conservatives and great Americans , all of them .    …      You and The Freedom Caucus both know Mark [ Meadows ] and Jim Jordan    …      for the great Republicans they are . I think either one the great Republicans those two would make such a terrific the great Republicans Dobbs ’s suggestion would not be the first time Paul Ryan and the Freedom Caucus found themselves in contention The Freedom Caucus the Freedom Caucus themselves Paul Ryan and the Freedom Caucus called Ryan ’s continuation The Freedom Caucus the House into question . The Paul Ryan Caucus leadership also refused to endorse Ryan in his 2016 The Freedom Caucus from the right by businessman Paul Nehlen , Paul Ryan they Paul Ryan assent to Ryan ’s speakership the previous year . Ingraham and Dobbs The entire Freedom Caucus leadership comments add to Paul Ryan chorus of voices on the right of the Republican Party calling for Ryan to relinquish the speaker ’s mace in the wake of the failure to see Paul Ryan the key GOP platform plank of repealing and replacing Obamacare . 
 