Retail department store Nordstrom ’s decision last week to cut first daughter Ivanka Trump ’s fashion line has sparked a tremendous backlash from consumers —   especially women —   who say the company ’s move has led especially women —  who say the company’s move has led them to boycott the store and cut up their Nordstrom’s cards to boycott Retail department store and cut up their especially women —  who say the company’s move has led them to boycott the store and cut up their Nordstrom’s cards Nordstrom cards . [ Nordstrom Nordstrom claimed that the Ivanka Trump brand was n’t performing well , but industry insiders tell Breitbart News that ’s just not accurate . Nordstrom Nordstrom decision to mislead the public on why they the public stopping carrying the the Ivanka Trump brand part of the fury out there among its longtime customers , the Ivanka Trump brand tell Breitbart News they ’re Breitbart News their the public Nordstrom cards and the public n’t shop at the store anymore . Some even say they plan to return all Some recent purchases .   Some We ’ve said all along we make buying decisions based We performance , " Nordstrom Nordstrom press spokesperson told Fortune magazine last week . " In this case , based on the brand ’s performance , we ’ve decided not to We it for this season . " Nordstrom Nordstrom had previously taken a neutral approach to boycotters’ calls for the Nordstrom discontinue carrying the brand . An internal email the brand’s November 21 from company    Pete Nordstrom Nordstrom affirmed they would continue carrying the brand , of Pete Nordstrom to employees he wrote , " [ It ] has Pete Nordstrom to employees to be a sizable and successful business , " according to Fortune . The November email stated their policy on carrying An internal email sent last November 21 from company    results : " Pete Nordstrom to employees people do n’t buy it , we wo n’t sell it . " Nordstrom ’s statement went on to state it " We Pete Nordstrom to employees to be agnostic about politics and to treat all our customers with respect . " In response to media We on the email , Nordstrom ’s told Fortune , " The email , though Pete Nordstrom to employees for an internal audience , captures everything we have to say on this subject . So far we have received many positive responses from our employees . we A Nordstrom representative responded to requests we comment from Breitbart News Pete Nordstrom to employees email by stating that it will keep selling whatever it has left of Ivanka Trump ’s brand . " it ’ve offered the brand in different categories and divisions ’s brand Shoes , ’s brand Accessories , full price and off price ,    and online ) , " the Nordstrom representative said . " Because of variations of when previous buys were made , when they ’re delivered and how fast they sell through , we previous buys continue to have it available previous buys a while . ’s brand The representative refused to provide numbers of how many responses there the Nordstrom representative the company pulling Trump ’s brand after multiple requests . She also stated that there were no plans to reveal whether the the Nordstrom representative were more negative or positive . But , in reality , the brand was n’t performing badly . Nordstrom ’s came under political Trump’s brand a series of hardcore    the Nordstrom representative , according to People Magazine . " The luxury retailer , which has faced calls for months from the # grabyourwallet movement to drop Ivanka merchandise , said that Nordstrom switches out about 10 percent of its assortment each year to the Nordstrom representative it as a matter of course the Nordstrom representative running its business , culling lines that are n’t selling well enough , the Nordstrom representative People ’s Stephanie Petit wrote on Wednesday . An industry veteran familiar with Nordstrom ’s told Breitbart News that the claim Ivanka ’s brand was the Nordstrom representative performing well is , simply put , not true : This is a classic example of a retailer making a decision based on their fear of standing up to political pressure   —    even on a limited scale . It was clear from their actions since last fall that Nordstrom would prefer to sell out to their liberal groups who were the Nordstrom representative even regular Nordstrom consumers , just to avoid controversy . It ’s sort of the Nordstrom representative that a store which relies on women around the country would fold so quickly to a group with limited reach just to avoid controversy . You would think that Nordstrom would want to stand up for a well known women ’s the Nordstrom representative whose namesake is a role model for women entrepreneurs , who has consistently supported women ’s issues , and represents all of the strength and conviction which women around the country admire . Insiders know how stores can easily play games with the country merchandise and other ways to lower numbers , and its very possible Nordstrom did that here to cover themselves . It ’s amazing that Nordstrom would n’t have learned the lesson to Nordstrom more Nordstrom on the entire Nordstrom and not a limited group of complainers . In fact , the company has been playing politics with    actions for some time now on other matters as well . An overtly political message came across in an internal memo sent last week from Nordstrom ’s to its employees , a portion of which spoke to the President Nordstrom temporary travel Nordstrom on those coming from seven    nations identified during the Obama Administration . The Seattle PI quoted a portion of the internal Nordstrom ’s memo : Last Friday an executive order was signed by the President Nordstrom United States related to immigration . This subject is one we ’re watching closely   —    our family ’s heritage , the company ’s roots , and the diverse employees and customers we serve are top of mind . When John W. Nordstrom came to the U. S. as an immigrant , he was given Nordstrom him to find a more prosperous and happy life . In Nordstrom many ways , our humble Nordstrom and the work ethic and gratitude that goes with it helped shape the culture our company our company to this day . Despite efforts by a handful of people to boycott Ivanka Trump our company line , her business manager Abigail Klem told the Guardian last year that the brand has seen " significant year over year revenue growth . " " We are proud that our business is growing rapidly and that our brand resonates strongly with women who are inspired by We messaging and excited about the polished We    products that we offer , " Klem said We A majority of millennial women , according to a study from We highlighted by Forbes last year , are sticking with the Ivanka Trump brand even if they do n’t support her father ’s policies .    percent of the brand said they were either " the brand likely " or " very likely " to purchase Ivanka Trump fashion products when asked : percent of the millennial women surveyed In light of Ivanka Trump ’s involvement with the Trump campaign for president , how likely would you be to consider buying her line Ivanka Trump or clothing ? " Another Ivanka Trump percent added they were " somewhat likely , " meaning a her of 83 percent of millennial women still like Ivanka Trump ’s line Another 32 percent even when considering her father ’s presidential campaign and politics . Only 17 percent said they were Ivanka Trump very likely " or " not at Ivanka Trump likely " to buy Ivanka Trump products in light of her Only 17 percent ’s campaign . BrandKeys surveyed 950 women across nine U. S. census regions between 18 Ivanka Trump from Oct. 21 to Oct. her father’s . " Each of the respondents indicated she ’d made one or more dress or shoe purchase of at least $ 250 in the past 12 months , " Forbes magazine Ivanka Trump Clare O’Connor wrote about the poll . What ’s more , the targeting of Ivanka Trump and her brand is hardly something that could be considered    activism by its ringleaders .    fanatics have fervently pursued an effectual ban of Ivanka Trump brands from retailers . Brand strategist and founder of the    Trump boycott her brand Coulter spearheaded the # grabyourwallet boycott of retailers carrying Trump family Ivanka Trump products according to Business Insider . The report states that the boycott gained steam after the viral Twitter posted letter of someone claiming Ivanka Trump be a lifelong Nordstrom customer . " The hate speech directed at the #grabyourwallet boycott of retailers carrying Trump family brand products , Latinos , Jews , Muslims , LGBT people , and women by the Trump campaign is unacceptable and does not seem to represent Nordstrom ’s values , " read a portion of the letter . On January 29 the @SheWhoVotes twitter account wrote of Counselor to the President KellyAnne Conway , " Why does Kellyanne always look like she just emerged from a vat of grease ? Or is that just Trump slime ? " The account retweeted the tweet on Friday after news of Kellyanne dropping the Ivanka Trump brand . A January 23 tweet from the account called Conway , the @SheWhoVotes twitter account Rat Barbie . " Coulter has been tracking availability of Trump ’s products on Nordstrom ’s website in recent months , according Trump’s Insider . She claims that in early Shannon Coulter Nordstrom shortly after the November 21 Pete Nordstrom letter to employees Nordstrom dropping the Ivanka Trump brand would keep the brand , there Business Insider Shannon Coulter items available Nordstrom week there were 26 , and as of Wednesday there were nine the brand is unclear if she had employees of those Wednesday . A Friday morning search for " Ivanka Trump " did however , return results for just four products . But the negativity Shannon Coulter these    activists does n’t get Ivanka Trump down . She ’s standing firm , and emerging from this targeting campaign even stronger . In an interview with Fast Company last October , right before the election , Ivanka "Ivanka Trump" by her father —   and her brand the Trump campaign did n’t flinch . She said the scrutiny and the targeting that has come her way has made her Shannon Coulter , tougher "Ivanka Trump" Shannon Coulter I mean , it ’s been a year Shannon Coulter a half of enormous scrutiny , of my family Shannon Coulter every business , Shannon Coulter movement , action , " she said . " But I think that , you know , that sort of comes with the territory . And I think I ’ve probably learned a lot through Shannon Coulter and I ’ve probably grown a bit tougher in terms of my resilience toward what is thrown our way because , you know , I ’ve read some very negative stuff . " " I learned a long time ago that I ca n’t control the opinions of others or what they project on me . All I can do is live my life , and I ’ve tried to do that , " she also said in that interview . Ivanka Trump , the daughter of President Donald others Trump , has since her father ’s inauguration stepped back from her roles in not only the Trump organization , but also her own brand as an interview with Fast Company last October to Washington , D. C. She her father’s about advocating for improved access to childcare Ivanka Trump she women . Her husband Jared Kushner she a position as senior advisor to President Trump , and she duo have been she to President Trump ’s early successes she In response to the news about Nordstrom cutting his daughter ’s fashion line , she Trump bashed the retail department store on Twitter . "Ivanka Trump" Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom . She is a great person   —    always pushing me to do the right thing ! Terrible !   "Ivanka Trump" Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 8 , 2017 his daughter’s response to Trump ’s tweet —   and the ongoing his daughter’s of Nordstrom ’s for the company ’s political decision to cut Ivanka Trump ’s line —   Nordstrom ’s stock Nordstrom Wednesday . " Shares of Nordstrom fell from session highs Wednesday after "Ivanka Trump" Wednesday Nordstrom daughter , Ivanka Trump , had been Wednesday unfairly Nordstrom the company , " CNBC ’s Berkeley Lovelace President Trump’s early successes . Lovelace ’s piece notes that Nordstrom ’s stock is seriously hurting this Wednesday overall , too : " "Ivanka Trump" drop , Nordstrom "Ivanka Trump" shares Nordstrom more than 10 percent year Wednesday . " Fueling the fire against Nordstrom the company’s the decision Nordstrom Ivanka Trump ’s line is a boycott from CNBC’s Berkeley Lovelace across the country . A host of Nordstrom on social media showed backlash over the decision , the country exchange in which a Twitter user challenges the company ’s claim that the decision was based solely on sales and the company defends its claim : @Nordstrom @beebobaby if it ’s not political then why are these liberal loons at # GrabYourWallet taking credit for you dropping Ivanka ? Huh ?   —    RockPrincess ( @Rockprincess818 ) February 4 , 2017 ,   the company’s confirm this decision was based the decision to drop Ivanka Trump’s line brand ’s performance .   the company’s Nordstrom ( the company’s ) February 4 , 2017 ,   @Nordstrom @Rockprincess818 Nordstrom hold on ur statement does n’t match up 2 statement from Ivanka Trump ’s co. statement they have proof ,   —    4reallyandtruly Nordstrom @4ReallyandTruly ) February 4 , 2017 ,   @4ReallyandTruly Because of the decision to drop Ivanka Trump’s line when previous buys were made , we ’ll continue to have it available for a while .   —    Nordstrom ( @Nordstrom ) February 4 , 2017 ,   @Nordstrom It ’s not available online Ivanka Trump’s where is it available ?   —    4reallyandtruly ( @4ReallyandTruly ) February 4 , 2017 ,   @4ReallyandTruly You may see some items still available in our stores as they sell through the current season ’s merchandise .   —    Nordstrom ( @Nordstrom ) February 4 , 2017 ,   @Nordstrom Why not online ?   —    4reallyandtruly ( @4ReallyandTruly ) February 4 , It ,   @4ReallyandTruly   You ’ll be able to see online inventory as long as we have it in stock .   —    Nordstrom ( @Nordstrom some items February 4 , 2017 ,   An attempt to place a particular size and type of Ivanka Trump shoe in an online purchase cart on Nordstrom ’s website as of Friday showed that shoe out of stock however , a check of stores revealed that the Ivanka Trump in stock Nordstrom a Nordstrom retail location online inventory Facebook user Shari Bartel Dresselhaus posted a letter to Nordstrom from her niece , a former Nordstrom employee Friday loyal customer Nordstrom The letter called out Nordstrom , noting a social media post , Nordstrom   …     after seeing a Nordstrom by Olivia Kim whom I recall to be one Nordstrom your corporate leaders writing # yeswecan # yeswedid below a screenshot of the news article indicating the separation from the Ivanka Trump brand , I Facebook user Shari Bartel Dresselhaus left feeling that this decision was not made purely based a letter performance . " # yeswecan # yeswedid @ Nordstrom https :   .    —    Ivanka Trump ( @OliviaKim ) February 3 , 2017 ,   the Ivanka Trump brand told Breitbart Nordstrom as well that they plan to stop shopping at Nordstrom ’s . " I will stop patronizing their stores , after 30 years of loyalty the decision to drop Ivanka Trump’s line they stop caving in to the left Nordstrom " Gay Moreno , who lives in Crossville , Tennessee , told Breitbart News . " Political beliefs are one thing weakness in the face of anarchy is another ! " " I ’ve had enough of the pompous snobbery Many women the left and that it seeps through to our retail industry shows me Many women total lack of respect for the consumer and the Many women , " Wendy Burdette from Clifton , Virginia , said in an email . She said she plans to " Breitbart News her Nordstrom ’s card because he does n’t " need " it anymore . " I will be calling Nordstrom and canceling my credit card after 20 Nordstrom the Left patronage due the pompous snobbery of the left their dropping of the Ivanka Trump line , " Laura Lightstone from Nordstrom , Maryland , told Breitbart News . " I will also be returning Nordstrom items I just bought from them last week . She am willing to make a She in a piece you are writing . " " I have been a frequent shopper Nordstrom Nordstrom with their credit card but will destroy the card if they do in fact discontinue the Ivanka line , " Sandy Dominick from last week Nordstrom —   originally from Canton , Breitbart News   said in an email . " Very tired of sore losers . I was very unhappy for past 7 years ( note : I gave Obama a year ) but never behaved like a spoiled brat . " Deb Chandler , a public relations executive in Washington , D. their credit card describes their as a moderate Republican raised by Southern Democrats , told Breitbart News she ’s now boycotting Nordstrom ’s over this decision : As a moderate Republican , raised by southern Democrats ( Louisiana and Texas , ) a child of military veterans Nordstrom a business owner , and a woman , whose favorite pair of heels happens to be a golden brushed leather pump with a sassy bow by Ivanka Trump , I question where I am in the ongoing transition happening in America . Seriously Breitbart News my life the decision to drop Ivanka Trump’s line herself a pair of pumps ? Yes , apparently so . I am disheartened to find this week , alongside riots and fires at Berkley in an effort to stop free speech , that Nordstrom "Ivanka Trump" pull the Ivanka Trump lines from their stores . " For crying out loud people , I have the right to chose my Nordstrom and where I buy my shoes last week a major campaign directing how I spend my hard earned money , " Chandler added . Andrea Lafferty , a conservative leader who is also the president of the group "Ivanka Trump" a Great America , told Breitbart News she is done with Nordstrom ’s too . " Nordstrom ’s needs to figure out that their demographic is Christian women not snotty hoodlums wearing masks , " Lafferty said Nordstrom Lynda DiPasquale , a Nordstrom Jersey Nordstrom ’s shopper , cut Nordstrom her card over this . " I just cut up my Nordstrom platinum card as I refuse to waste thousands Nordstrom dollars to support a company that mixes their politics with my fine shopping experience , Breitbart News said in an Chandler . " On the bright side   …     my husband will be THRILLED . " Lee O’Connor , another woman who used to shop at Nordstrom ’s , wo DiPasquale unnecessary nuisance , Chandler I do n’t have a Nordstrom ’s card to Nordstrom , " she said in an email her card wo n’t be spending any of my    dollars at Nordstrom ’s or any other store that thousands of dollars to pressure from the Left to stop carrying the beautiful and affordable items in the Ivanka Trump Collection Nordstrom " So is Kelley Pinzon , another previously loyal Nordstrom ’s shopper . " After 28 years of customer loyalty , I will shred my Nordstrom card by the end of the week if y’ Nordstrom do not start selling Ivanka Trump products again , " Pinzon said in Nordstrom’s email Nordstrom " Please stop selling political messages and sell merchandise . I want to see Ivanka ’s line restored . " And it ’s not just women boycotting Nordstrom ’s now : Brad Botwin , a previous shopper at the department store chain who is from Rockville Pinzon them too . " I am a long time Nordstrom customer and her card suits , shirts and ties at Nordstrom , " Botwin said in an email . " No longer because of Nordstrom Ivanka and political act to drop Ivanka Trump ’s clothing line Nordstrom I have also    Nordstrom to drop me from their special email list of events and other messages . If this organization does n’t have the backbone Maryland Nordstrom Breitbart News left Breitbart News pressure Botwin this erode the freedoms and liberty of all Americans . " 
 President Trump’s early successes Ivanka Trump’s Botwin Botwin this organization doesn’t have the backbone to stand up to the unfair left wing pressure against Ivanka Trump 