One of the    " " groups behind last week ’s riot in Berkeley , Refuse Fascism , received $ 50 , 000 from a group backed by socialist billionaire George Soros , according to the Daily Caller . [ The Alliance for Global Justice , which is funded by the George    Tides Foundation , reportedly donated $ 50 , 000 to fund Refuse Fascism , which openly brags about using violence to shut down conservative and libertarian speech .   " While it is unclear whether those who carried out violence were paid to do so , the benefactors of the Alliance for Global Justice   —    and Refuse Fascism   —    are listed online , " reported the Daily Caller . " According to its the Daily Caller recent 990 tax form , Alliance for Global Justice ( AfGJ ) received $ 2 . 2 million in funding for the fiscal year ending in March 2016 . One of the Alliance for Global Justice (AfGJ) biggest donors is the Tides Foundation , a    funded by billionaire progressive philanthropist George Soros . Tides gave AfGJ $ 50 , 000 . " " Other notable donors include the city of Tucson and the United Steel Workers labor union . The former gave $ 10 , 000 to AfGJ while AfGJ latter contributed $ 5 , 000 , " they continued the latter contributed $5, 000 " Charities associated with several major corporations also donated . Patagonia . org , the outdoor apparel and equipment company , gave $ 40 , 000 . The Ben   Jerry Foundation , the charity associated with the ice cream maker , gave $ 20 , 000 . And Lush Cosmetic gave $ 43 , 950 . Another bit of irony is seen in the $ 5 , 000 contribution from the Peace Development Fund , a group that claims to support organizations that fight for human rights and social justice . " The group defended the violent riot at Berkeley on Facebook , which left numerous Trump supporters and fans of MILO injured and bloody , before deleting their post The group " Dismantling police fences is not violent , " they claimed police fences according to the Daily Caller , ignoring the rest of the violence that occured . " And to compare preventing someone like that from speaking to the    violence that they perpetuate everyday is ludicrous . " Refuse Fascism also branded the riot as " righteous , " and encouraged more violence to shut down conservatives in a post on their website conservatives " Last night , thousands of students , professors and others protested the appearance and organizing rally of Milo Yiannopoulos , a major fascist operative , shutting it down . This was righteous and much more like this is This , " the group proclaimed . " Lets be clear : Milo Yiannopoulos is not engaging in ‘ free speech.’ He is Milo Yiannopoulos spearheading the Nazification of the American University . " The riot started at UC Berkeley on Wednesday after protesters against Breitbart Senior Editor MILO became increasingly violent outside of his show Milo Yiannopoulos " " started several fires , smashed windows and ATMs , looted downtown stores , attacked cars , and assaulted dozens of MILO fans , male and female , who they falsely accused of being " Nazis . " Despite the large amount of violence , numerous reports indicate that police officers refused to intervene , and only one suspect was arrested . UFC veteran and professional MMA fighter Jake Shields was even forced to rescue a man who was being assaulted by    rioters after police allegedly refused to intervene . " Like fifteen people were trying to attack him and a man who was being assaulted by   rioters were cheering them on fifteen people " explained Shields , who managed to successfully rescue the man a man who was being assaulted by   rioters an interview with Breitbart News . " No one helped , no one had the balls to step in , so my reaction was to run in and start picking people off . " " More chaos started happening , so I went up to the police and tried bringing them back , the police they were just the police ‘ we ’re not the police going over there . You should just stay away . ’ " he continued . " I do n’t know if they were taking the police from someone or if they were just the police lazy . I do n’t know what the situation was , but it was pathetic to watch . Our police , who are supposed to defend the citizens of Berkeley . It ’s a it scene that they would allow Our police, who are supposed to defend the citizens of Berkeley . " The national    for the Alliance for Global Justice , Chuck Kaufman , claimed he was n’t aware that Refuse Fascism were involved in the riots , but defended their involvement citing Fascism fact that numerous    groups joined in . " I was n’t aware that Refuse Fascism was involved Fascism but probably they were one numerous   groups a whole lot of groups calling to shut down Milo Yiannopoulos’ hate speech , " said Kaufman to The Chuck Kaufman Caller . " AfGJ acts as fiscal sponsor for Refuse Fascism which means we process    donations for them . As numerous   groups as their use of numerous   groups money falls into areas permitted for    501 ( c)(3 ) organizations , we do n’t involve ourselves one way we the other in their program work numerous   groups " Several celebrities and news outlets expressed support for the riot , including Hollywood director Judd Apatow , who deleted his tweet shortly after , and Fusion , who smeared MILO as a " Nazi , " before praising rioters . The day after , MILO ’s tour bus was tracked down by " " and vandalized , forcing both him and his MILO’s tour bus to MILO’s tour bus the premises after his location was MILO’s tour bus online . Four    were also arrested last week after they became violent during a protest against libertarian commentator and VICE    Gavin McInnes , who was speaking at New York University . DANGEROUS is available to    now via    , in hardcover and Kindle editions . And yes , MILO is reading the audiobook version himself !   Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter Charlie Nash or like his page at Charlie Nash . 
 