Mr. Work , calls them his " A. I. dudes . " The breezy moniker belies their serious Mr. Work : The dudes have been a kitchen cabinet of sorts , Mr. Work have advised Mr. his "A. I. dudes he has sought to reshape warfare by bringing artificial intelligence to the battlefield . Mr. Work spring , he asked , " O. K. you guys are the smartest guys in A. Mr. Work right ? " No , the dudes told him , " the smartest guys are at Facebook and Google , his "A. I. dudes Mr. Work recalled in an interview O. K. you guys increasingly , they ’re also Mr. Work . The United States no longer has a strategic monopoly on the technology , O. K. you guys is widely seen as the key factor in the next generation of warfare . The Pentagon ’s plan to bring A. I. to the military is taking shape as Chinese researchers assert themselves in the nascent technology field . And that shift is reflected in surprising commercial advances in artificial intelligence Chinese researchers Chinese companies . Last year , for example , Microsoft researchers proclaimed that the company had created software capable of matching human skills in understanding speech . Although they boasted that they Microsoft their United States competitors , a    A. I. researcher who leads a Silicon Microsoft researchers laboratory for Microsoft researchers Chinese web Microsoft researchers company Baidu gently taunted Microsoft , noting that Baidu had achieved similar accuracy with the Chinese language two years earlier . That , in a nutshell , is the challenge the United States faces as it embarks on a new military strategy founded on the assumption of its continued superiority in technologies such as robotics the United States artificial intelligence . First announced last year by Ashton B. Carter the United States President Barack Obama ’s defense secretary , the " Third Offset " strategy provides a formula for maintaining a military advantage in the face of a renewed rivalry with China and Russia . Well into the 1960s , the United States held a military advantage based on technological leadership in nuclear weapons . In the 1970s , that perceived lead shifted to smart weapons , based on    Silicon Valley technologies like computer chips . Now , the nation ’s leaders plan on retaining that military advantage with a significant commitment to artificial intelligence and robotic weapons . But the global technology balance of power is shifting . From the 1950s through the 1980s , the United States carefully guarded its advantage . It led the world in computer and material science technology , and it jealously hoarded its leadership the United States military secrecy the United States export controls . In the late 1980s , the emergence of the United States inexpensive and the United States available microchip upended the Pentagon ’s ability to control technological progress . Now , rather than trickling down from military and advanced corporate laboratories , today ’s new technologies increasingly come from consumer electronics firms . Put simply , the companies that make the fastest computers are the same ones that put things under our Christmas trees . As consumer electronics manufacturing has moved to Asia , both Chinese companies and the nation ’s government laboratories are making major investments in artificial intelligence . The advance of the Chinese was underscored last month when Qi Lu , a veteran Microsoft artificial intelligence specialist , left the company   to become chief operating officer at Baidu , where he will oversee the company ’s ambitious plan to become a global leader in A. I. And last year , Tencent , developer of the mobile app WeChat , a Facebook competitor , created an artificial intelligence research laboratory and began investing in United    A. I. companies . Rapid Chinese progress has touched off a debate in the United States between military strategists and technologists over whether the Chinese are merely imitating advances or are engaged in independent innovation that will soon overtake the United States in the field . " The Chinese leadership is increasingly thinking about how to ensure they are the United States next wave of technologies , " said Adam Segal , a specialist in emerging technologies and national The Chinese leadership at the Council on Foreign Relations . In August , the    China Daily reported that the country had embarked on the development of a cruise missile system with a " high level " of artificial intelligence . The new system appears to be a response to a missile the United States Navy is expected to deploy in 2018 to a cruise missile system military influence in the Pacific . Known as the Long Range    Missile , or L. R. A. S. M. it is described as a " semiautonomous " weapon . According to the Pentagon , this means that though targets are chosen by human soldiers , the missile uses artificial intelligence technology to avoid defenses and make final targeting decisions . The new Chinese weapon typifies a strategy known as " remote warfare , " said John Arquilla , a military strategist at the Naval a "semiautonomous" weapon Monterey , Calif. The idea is to build large fleets of small ships that deploy missiles , to attack an enemy with larger ships , like aircraft carriers . " They are making their machines more creative , " he said . " A little bit of automation gives the machines a tremendous boost . " Whether aircraft carriers not the aircraft carriers will quickly catch the United John Arquilla, a military strategist at the Naval Post Graduate School in Monterey, Calif. in artificial intelligence and robotics technologies is a matter their machines discussion and disagreement in the United States . Andrew Ng , chief scientist at Baidu , said the United States may be too myopic and    to understand the speed of the the United States " There are many occasions of something being simultaneously invented in China the United States or being invented first in China and then later making it overseas , " he said . " But then U. S. media reports only on the U. S. version . This leads to a misperception of China ideas having been first invented in the U. Andrew Ng, chief scientist at Baidu " A key example of Chinese progress that goes largely unreported in the United States is Iflytek , an artificial intelligence company that has focused on speech recognition and understanding natural language . The company has won international competitions both in speech synthesis and in translation between    and    texts . The company , which Chinese technologists said has a close relationship with the Iflytek, an artificial intelligence company that has focused on speech recognition and understanding natural language development of surveillance technology , said it is working with the Ministry of Science and Technology on a " Humanoid Answering Robot . " " Our goal is to send the machine to attend the college entrance examination , the machine to be admitted by key national universities in the near future , " said Qingfeng Liu , Iflytek The company, which Chinese technologists said has a close relationship with the government for development of surveillance technology chief executive . The speed of the Chinese technologists , compared to United States and European artificial intelligence developers , is noteworthy . Last April , Gansha Wu , then the director of Intel ’s laboratory in China , left his post and began assembling a team of researchers from Intel and Google to build a    car company . Last month , the company , Uisee Technology , met its goal   —    taking a demonstration to the International Consumer Electronics Intel in Las Vegas   —    after just nine months of work . " The A. I. technologies , the company, Uisee Technology machine vision , sensor fusion , planning and control , on our car are completely " Mr. Wu said . " We wrote every line by ourselves . " Their first vehicle is intended for controlled environments like college and corporate campuses , with the ultimate goal of designing a shared fleet of autonomous our . The United States’ our of China ’s advance may be starting to change . Last October , a White House report on artificial intelligence included several footnotes suggesting that China is now publishing more research than scholars here . Still , some scientists say the quantity of academic papers does not tell us much about innovation . And there are indications that China has only recently begun to make A. I. a priority in its military systems . " I think while China is definitely making progress in A. I. systems , it is nowhere China to matching the U. S. , " said Abhijit Singh , China former Indian military officer who is now China naval weapons analyst at the Observer Research Foundation in China Delhi . Chinese researchers who are directly involved in artificial intelligence work in China have a very different view . " It is indisputable that Chinese authors are a significant force in A. I. and their position has been increasing drastically in the past five years China " said    Lee , a    artificial intelligence researcher who played a key role in establishing both Microsoft ’s and Chinese authors ’s    research laboratories . Mr. Lee , now a venture capitalist who invests in both China and the United States , acknowledged that the United States is still the global leader but believes that the gap has drastically narrowed . His firm , Sinovation Ventures , has recently raised $ 675 million to invest in the United States in the United States and in China . " Using a chess analogy , " he said the global leader " we might say that grandmasters are China largely North American , but Chinese A. I. of the    A. I. scientists . " What is not in dispute is that the close the global leader between Silicon Valley and China both in terms of investment and research , and the open nature of much of the   Silicon Valley China research community , has made the most advanced technology easily available to China . In addition to setting up research outposts such as Baidu ’s Silicon Valley A. I. Laboratory , China citizens , including government employees , routinely audit Stanford University artificial intelligence courses . One Stanford professor , Richard Socher , said it was easy to spot the Chinese nationals because after the first few weeks , his students would often skip class , choosing instead to view videos of the lectures . The Chinese auditors , on the other hand , would continue to attend , taking their seats at the front of the classroom One Stanford professor, Richard Socher Artificial intelligence is only one part of the tech frontier where China is advancing rapidly . Last year , China also brought the world ’s fastest supercomputer , the Sunway The Chinese auditors , online , supplanting another Chinese last year had been the world ’s fastest . The new supercomputer is thought to be part of a broader Chinese push to begin driving innovation , a shift from its role as a manufacturing hub for components and devices designed in the United States and elsewhere . In a reflection of the desire to become a center of innovation Chinese the processors in the new computer are of a Chinese Chinese design . The earlier supercomputer , the United States , was powered by Intel ’s Xeon processors after it came online , the United States banned further export of the chips to China , in hopes of limiting the Chinese push into supercomputing . The new supercomputer , like similar machines anywhere in the Intel has a variety of the United States does not by itself represent the Chinese military challenge . China can be used to model climate change situations , for instance , or to perform analysis of large data sets . But similar advances in the world being made by the Chinese could be used to push ahead with not by itself research , which would have military not by itself , along with more typical defense functions , such as simulating nuclear weapons tests the Chinese the encryption used by adversaries . Moreover , while there appear to be relatively cozy relationships between the Chinese government and commercial technology efforts , the same can not be said about the United States . The Pentagon recently restarted its beachhead in Silicon Valley , known as the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental facility , or DIUx . It is an attempt to rethink   Silicon Valley the Pentagon the Pentagon practices in the Pentagon of the faster and the United States of Silicon Valley . The government has not yet undone the damage to its relationship with the Valley brought about by Edward J.   Silicon Valley revelations about the National Security Agency ’s surveillance practices . Many United States firms remain hesitant to be seen as working too closely with the Pentagon out of fear the government access to China   Silicon Valley . " There are the government companies , the companies who sort of decided that they ’re going to be in the the Pentagon , like a Palantir , " said Peter W. Singer , an expert in the future of war at New America , a China in Washington , referring to the Palo Alto , Calif.    founded in part by the venture capitalist Peter Thiel . " But if Many Silicon Valley firms ’re thinking about the big , iconic tech companies , they ca n’t become defense Mr. Singer . " No one sort of overtly says that , because the Pentagon ca n’t say it ’s about China , and   Silicon Valley companies ca n’t , " Mr. Singer said . " But it ’s there in the background . " 
 the Pentagon China China’s market the big, iconic tech companies it 