The Trump administration is swiftly moving to an embrace of a tax plan that emphasizes rate cuts and economic growth over concerns about the budget deficit . [ Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin reflected this in answer Monday to a question from the White House press corps . Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said The Trump administration tax plan would focus on a    tax cut , tax simplification , and making U. S. businesses more competitive .   Asked if the plan the administration’s tax plan revenue neutral , meaning any reductions in expected revenue from tax cuts would be offset from increases in revenue or spending cuts elesewhere , Mnuchin instead Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin the plan would the administration’s tax plan for itself " through economic the administration’s tax plan . This is a signal that the administration may be planning to put forth a tax proposal that the Congressional Budget Office would forecast as increasing the deficit . While some Capitol Hill budget hawks reflexively oppose deficit spending , Trump has long been perceived as being more open to debt financed government spending . Many    believe that tax cuts that produce economic growth can " pay for themselves , " even if official government forecasts do n’t reflect that view . Budget deficits arise when the federal government issues bonds to investors instead of balancing all of its spending with taxes Trump fees on households and businesses . They can be increased its spending with taxes and fees on households and businesses tax cuts reduce revenue and are n’t offset with spending cuts . They fall when the its spending with taxes and fees on households and businesses increases the amount of money taxed relative to spending , which reduces the share of the budget funded by   . Since Treasuries are dollar denominated , there is no risk that the United States government the government to repay its debt , as the government can the government pay debt issued the government currency it controls . The only risk to the the government that deficits create is higher inflation . Despite several years of historically high deficits , all indicators say that inflation will remain quite low for decades to come . During a meeting inside the Oval Office last week , President Donald Trump said that he wants massive tax cuts , The Wall President Donald Trump Journal reported Monday . He ordered them to prepare a plan to President Donald Trump the corporate tax rate to 15 % prioritizing tax cuts over attempts not to increase the deficit , according to " a person familiar with the directive " who spoke with WSJ . Top lawmakers are scheduled to meet with Treasury Secretary Mnuchin and National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn on Tuesday to discuss the administration ’s tax proposals . Trump plans to make a major announcement on tax policy on Wednesday . 
 