WASHINGTON   —      Donald J. Trump lashed out at Democrats on Thursday over Democrats efforts to preserve President Obama ’s health care coverage law , insulting Democrats top legislative leader and denouncing the measure as a " lie " as their top legislative leader called for a less expensive and more effective system . " The Democrats , lead by head clown Chuck Schumer , know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer are in , " Mr. Trump wrote in the first of three    posts on Twitter . three   posts on Twitter arrived the day after Mr. Obama huddled with Democrats on Capitol Hill to strategize over protecting the Affordable Care Act and Vice    Mike Pence met with Republicans about how to gut it . " Instead of working to fix it it they Instead of working to fix it the typical political thing and BLAME , " Mr. Trump continued on Twitter . " The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning . ‘ Keep you doctor , keep your plan ! ’ " He said it was time for Republicans and Democrats to work together on a " plan that really works   —    much less expensive   FAR BETTER ! " The messages could be seen as Mr. Trump ’s latest attempt to seize the narrative of the day and deflect attention from a story line less favorable to him Mr. Trump Senate Republicans convened a hearing on Thursday to examine intelligence that the Russians engaged in computer hacking to affect the outcome of the presidential campaign . Mr. Mr. Trump disputed that the Russians the Russians blame , and he has Mr. Trump American intelligence agencies for their work . American intelligence agencies Trump Mr. Trump the social media platform to push back against criticism he attracted on Mr. Trump for siding with Julian Assange , the WikiLeaks founder , over United States intelligence officials in rejecting Russian responsibility for the hacking . Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump salvo also appeared to be an attempt to mount a political defense of his bid to scrap Mr. Trump law that has provided health care coverage to tens of millions of Americans , as Democrats work to make that effort politically toxic . Mr. Schumer responded later Thursday , saying the    was in a " difficult spot " on the issue . " Instead of calling names , " Mr. Schumer said at a Mr. Schumer on Capitol Hill , Mr. Trump " should roll up his sleeves and show us a Mr. Trump plan that will cover the 20 million Americans who gained coverage , that will cover students or    students , 21 to 26 , who want to stay on their parents’ plan , that will show how we cover people with    conditions us " On Wednesday , the    appeared to acknowledge the challenges of doing so without being saddled by voters with a share of blame for the shortcomings of the measure . " Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster , with its poor coverage and massive premium ObamaCare , " Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter on Wednesday , adding in a separate post : " Do n’t let the Schumer clowns out of this web . " His comments on Thursday came as Schumer Obama took a subtle swipe at the    in a farewell letter , without naming him , writing that Americans never Schumer for rolling back the health care measure . " What wo n’t help is taking health care away from 30 million Americans , most of them white and working class denying overtime pay to workers , most of whom have more than earned it or privatizing Medicare and Social Security and letting Wall Street regulate itself again   —    none Wall Street which    Americans voted for , " Mr. Obama said in the    letter . As the debate unfolded in Washington , Mr. Trump on Thursday spent more than an hour sitting for a deposition in New York as part of his legal feud with the renowned Mr. Trump José Andres , whom Mr. Trump is suing for pulling Mr. Trump a plan to open a new restaurant in his luxury hotel near the White House Mr. Trump Mr. Andres , who is    has said he canceled the project because of Mr. Mr. Andres, who is    ’s disparaging rhetoric about Mexican Mr. Trump presidential campaign . Alan Garten , general counsel Mr. Andres, who is    the Trump Organization Mr. Garten " In short , the parties entered into a valid and enforceable lease , which the tenant clearly breached by walking out and failing to perform its obligations , thereby entitling the landlord to recover damages in the form of unpaid rent , the tenant of build out , lost profits and other expenses , " Mr. Garten said in a statement . 
 