Democrat Sen. Al Franken said , " We should look at that " when asked during a Tuesday CBS This Morning interview if Senior Adviser to the President Jared Kushner ’s security clearance should be revoked . [ " This is a pretty bad breach , " added Democrat Sen. Al Franken . " These guys , This , the Administration , the Administration ’re not acting like people who have nothing to hide , " Senior Adviser to the President Jared Kushner claimed in a Tuesday CBS This Morning interview . He Senior Adviser to the President Jared Kushner they the Administration a special prosecutor and House and Senate intelligence committees looking into the matter . " We the Administration to see where the facts lead us the Administration of course , " said Franken , who agreed when the host said , " But we the Administration n’t know yet ? "   Franken said that Kushner did n’t disclose some of his Franken with Russians during the initial process of obtaining White House security clearance . The Franken that this is " against the law . " Last Friday the Washington Post reported the claim of Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak that Kushner sought Kushner secret communications channel between the Trump transition team and the Kremlin . The Post report stated that U. S. officials reviewed intercepted communications from December 1 or 2 at Trump Tower and that those communications included an offer from Kushner to Kushner to set up a secret communications channel between the transition team and the Kremlin the Kremlin report also The Post report officials that said the U. S. was U. S. meeting or those involved . The report added that The Post report feeds false information " as a way of sowing misinformation and confusion among U. S. analysts . " In a U. S. interview with Fox News , Counselor to the President Kellyanne Conway cited weekend comments from Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and National Security Advisor Gen. H. R. McMaster in which each expressed a lack of concern about the issue and , Conway stated , " backchannels like this are the President Kellyanne Conway regular course of business . " Recently the Department of Justice appointed former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel on the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 