President Donald Trump ’s aides have reportedly found at least two ways to quietly repeal the Obama administration ’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) program without placing President Donald Trump signature on it . [ Trump President Donald Trump stated that he President Donald Trump not intend to target    " Dreamers "   —    illegal aliens who entered the United States as minors   —    and may allow them "Dreamers"  —   illegal aliens who entered the United States as minors  —    stay and work in the country legally .   But according to a report in the Los Angeles Times , senior Trump President Donald Trump and two immigration policy advisers have examined at least two options for ending DACA that would not directly involve Trump President Donald Trump One of the at least two options for ending DACA that would not directly involve Trump a legal guide that provides detailed information about which people are priorities for deportation . The the Los Angeles Times , " Under that option , Atty . Gen. Jeff Sessions , a vocal critic of deportation relief as a senator , would direct Department of Justice lawyers to review the program , which issues    work permits to people who qualify and keeps them from being categorized as deportation priorities . " After that , if the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) determines that DACA is illegal , they would reportedly the Department of Justice (DOJ) determines that DACA is illegal the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) to stop providing and renewing those work permits . A second option would involve the courts . The Times writes , " A handful of governors are considering a challenge patterned on the 2014 lawsuit filed by several conservative state officials against the Obama administration ’s expansion of deportation protections . If they sue , deportation protections could instruct his lawyers not to defend the program in court , exposing it to indefinite the program by a federal judge . " During Thursday ’s press conference , President Trump said , " We ’re gon na show great heart . DACA is a very , very difficult subject for me , I President Trump tell you . " He added , DACA To me , it President Trump one DACA the most difficult subjects I have because you have these incredible kids . " Trump said , President Trump I love these kids . these incredible kids kids . I have kids and grandkids . And I find it very , very hard doing what the law says exactly to do and you know , the law is rough the law Last week , approximately 680 illegal immigrants were swept up for repatriation as part of a crackdown on criminal illegal aliens living in the United States 161 of them were arrested throughout Southern approximately 680 illegal immigrants . A February 13 statement from the Department of Homeland Security indicated that 75 percent of the 680 illegal immigrants who were taken in by authorities had committed crimes inside the United States . The the United States as these options are being worked out , work permits are still being issued . Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz 
 