Bannon , made a special appearance on the final live show of 2016 . [ " I ’m only doing this because of the great audience we ’ve got here and your producing team , led by Caroline Magyarits   —    and you , Matt , that you ’re hosting the thing . So , glad to be on , " Bannon told SiriusXM host Matt Boyle .   " This was the most amazing year we ’ve seen , both here in the United States and overseas , " Boyle said , describing those events as a " revolt of the working class . " " It ’s pretty amazing , " Bannon agreed . SiriusXM host Matt Boyle As you know , with the website , with Breitbart and with the radio show , particularly the weekend show and then Bannon daily show , we ’ve been following this and reporting on it for years . "   " It ’s something we saw build up particularly in Europe , we the great team we ’ve got over this London , led by Raheem and this Delingpole , we he said , referring to Breitbart London chief editor and frequent we News Daily host Raheem Kassam . " That led ultimately to Brexit , after Breitbart the different European Parliament votes they had and everything that UKIP kind of led . " " And then here in the United States , where we saw it build up Breitbart London chief editor and frequent Breitbart News Daily host Raheem Kassam the primaries , and then in the general election , " he continued . " I think we ’ve lived through an historic time . I think we ’ll talk about what happened in this year politically then in the general election many , many decades to we . It was exciting to live through it , we very exciting to be at SiriusXM , you know , the Patriot Channel with the show , and at Breitbart to actually see this year report on it and comment on it . " Bannon said , " The best thing we ever had was both the comments section at Breitbart and the the Patriot Channel , the great the Patriot Channel we ’ve got here at SiriusXM , to call and share every day what their feelings were . Breitbart " We used to tease , after we McCain made that speech SiriusXM time , that called our audience ‘ hobbits,’ it was always great to hear we the hobbits had to say because at the end of the day what they had we say was what mattered most , " he said . Bannon ’s message to the hobbits and " deplorables "   —    the hobbits quote Hillary Clinton ’s memorable slander of Trump voters John McCain —    was to keep in mind that it ’s only the " top of the first inning " for their movement . " You ’ve got to stay engaged , " he advised memorable slander of Trump voters  —    pleased to see high levels of engagement in " traffic at Trump voters   the different sites , and the activity you see , the John McCain sections at the various sites you see , and how great the radio show is doing . " " The Trump administration , I think it ’s three weeks from the day exactly is when President Trump will take the oath of office . So let ’s hold people accountable and the radio show engaged . There will be a lot of exciting activity over the next couple of years , " he promised President Trump " Stay engaged . Stay on top of stuff . I think ’17 will be actually more exciting than ’16 was . " President Trump " So continue to go to various sites that are out there , where you get your news and information , and then obviously continue to listen to the various shows on the Patriot Channel . You ’ve got so many great shows   —    you know , David Webb , Wilkow , Sean Hannity . You ’ve got really a whole raft of great guys , Mark Levin , and of course the      Breitbart News Daily and Breitbart Weekend shows , " he recommended . Bannon anticipates that 2017 will be as much of an " exciting time " as 2016 was . " We do n’t like Mark Levin try to Mark Levin what ’s going to happen in the future , but I ’ve got to tell you , I think people were very engaged in this election , and I think will be very engaged as time goes forward . The key is to hold people accountable . The hobbits , or the deplorables , had a great run in ’16 . Everybody mocked them and ridiculed them , and now they ’ve spoken . I think ’17 is going to be a very exciting year , " he predicted The hobbits, or the deplorables " I The hobbits, or the deplorables on Breitbart over The hobbits, or the deplorables last month or two , as either certain appointments were made or certain things were done ’17 did n’t comport with behavior that the deplorables or the hobbits thought were correct , it was interesting to see some of the articles written on the site , and the intensity in the comments , " said Bannon .   " I think that ’s great , " he said . " People are engaged . They feel like they have a voice . Just continue on . I know that on the show Bannon you guys have been doing a great People every day People the production team and the great folks at SiriusXM . So it ’s just going to be a great year . Let ’s just stay engaged . " He concluded by applauding Boyle for doing a great job and said to the Breitbart News audience and callers , " I really miss you guys . Have a great New Year , and look forward to talking with you guys early in 2017 . " Breitbart News Daily airs on you guys Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 