John Carney , Breitbart News finance and economics editor , joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Thursday ’s Breitbart News Daily to talk about the Dow ’s hitting 21 , 000 for the first time after President Trump ’s address to Congress . [ Alex Marlow asked what the Dow 21 , 000 means to the average person . John Carney replied that " people ’s retirement savings [ and ] investment portfolios , have gone up tremendously . "   " We ’ve seen a tremendous rally   —    in fact , the fastest ever , or it tied the fastest ever    gain on record . You might remember just a little while ago , We were talking about Dow 20 , 000 , and then in just a few weeks , We ’ve hit Dow 21 , 000 . Huge , tremendous rally , " John Carney said . Marlow asked if President Trump ’s " gloating " and " braggadocio " over the stock market rally could backfire . " Yeah , look , you ’ve got to be careful , right ? Because if you own the stock market rally , and it the stock market rally , you ’re going to end up owning the slump , as well , " John Carney cautioned . " Stock markets do n’t only go up . They Stock markets not only going to go up during the Trump administration . So far , they Stock markets   —    the stock market ’s actually up 15 percent since Election Day , which is gigantic . It the stock market up five percent just over the last few weeks . But history is very clear : stock markets go up , and they stock markets down . You ’ve got to be a little cautious about this . " " A lot of the force behind the rally is a lot of optimism about what ’s going to happen with taxes , with trade , with regulation , but all that stuff has to go through Congress , and Congress Congress be a very messy place , " he noted . " We do n’t know a lot of the details about what ’s going to happen with Trump ’s tax plan . Even if we knew the details about what he he , that ’ll get changed when it goes to Congress Congress People could be disappointed . The Federal Reserve could raise interest rates ibn fact , they People likely to . That could also end up putting the brakes on the rally and perhaps causing stocks to go the other way . " " Yeah , you ’ve got to be cautious when you start bragging about the stock market going up , " he he . Marlow asked if Met Life ’s " too big to fail " case would be a major test of Trump ’s agenda , a subject Carney is writing about at length for Breitbart News . " Met Met Life one of the three largest insurance companies in the United States . AIG and Prudential are the others , " Carney explained Carney " Under the Obama administration , a financial regulatory body called FSOC labeled them as AIG and Prudential too a financial regulatory body to fail.’ The official label is a SIFI , Systemically Important Financial Institution . Met Life fought it , The official label in court , and the court court that designation . " " The Obama the Obama administration case and said , ‘ Even though the a financial regulatory body struck it down court would like that case appeals court to put that court The official label too big to fail.’ The court has court decided anything yet . The court can the Obama administration wants to , rescind the the Obama administration   —    in other words , ask the court , ‘ Hey , never mind . a financial regulatory body ’re okay court original the Obama administration and go forward with that , " he continued . " This will be a test . The president has the original decision’ he wants to slow down the enormous growth of the regulatory state . The president is an opportunity to do that , but there ’s a ticking clock on it . Once the appeals court makes its decision , you ca n’t sort of wave court way you can court now , and you ’ll end up having court appeal it perhaps to the Supreme Court , " he said . " There ’s an court to slow the growth of the regulatory The president . The question is whether or not they ’re going to take the regulatory state " Carney concluded . Marlow noted that Trump has been criticized as a " The question of The president Street , " even though he ran a populist campaign . " Look , I think that there are multiple ways of Marlow about somebody as a ‘ champion for Wall Street,’ " Carney argued . " The Trump administration so far , at least in terms of The president stock market , has been very good for a lot of these big financial institutions   —    but it ’s also been very good for the smaller businesses . If you look at the broader The Trump administration , the SP 500 or the Russell 2000 , those stocks have also done very well . "   " Even though it entails putting more regulation on them , it also sort of puts a patina of protection around them and says these are those stocks institutions it the United States thinks are so important it will those stocks let them fail , " he said . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM the United States 125 weekdays from those stocks a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 