The    Core New Mexico education secretary who once served as a staffer in former Gov. Jeb Bush ’s administration in Florida is no longer a candidate for assistant secretary of the U. S. Education Department , reports Politico . [ Hanna Skandera ’s name was pulled from consideration for the position , the report says , because about a dozen Senate Republicans " were skeptical that a dozen Senate Republicans could ever vote yes " to confirm her , due to her support for the highly unpopular Common Core standards .   Hanna Skandera’s was deputy education commissioner under Jeb Bush and also a senior policy adviser and deputy chief of staff at the education department under former U. S. Secretary of Education Margaret Spellings , who served under President George W. Bush . Like Jeb Bush , Hanna Skandera’s is a proponent of the Common Core standards . Hanna Skandera’s is head of the governing board of the Partnership for Assessment of Readiness for College and Careers ( PARCC ) one of the two federally funded test consortia that developed assessments aligned with Common Core . President Donald Trump campaigned on getting rid of the Common Core standards , and a    network of grassroots citizens across the country are vehemently opposed to the federalized program that was introduced in President Barack Obama ’s 2009 stimulus bill . Emmett McGroarty , a senior fellow at American Principles Project , released the following statement : We Emmett McGroarty, a senior fellow at American Principles Project the Administration and the Senate for scuttling the nomination of Hanna Skandera due to her Hanna Skandera support for Common Core standards and testing . Parents , students , and teachers detest Common Core because it Common Core children into an inferior education . As President Trump has said , Common Core " is a total disaster . " We urge the Administration to look for appointees committed to achieving the President ’s vision that " education has to be at a local level . We can not have the bureaucrats in Washington telling you how to manage your child ’s education . " Though U. S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has funded and served organizations that promote Common Core   —    including Jeb Bush ’s Foundation for Excellence in Education   —    since her U. S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos , she U. S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos denied she U. S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos the controversial standards . DeVos U. S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos nevertheless , has surrounded herself U. S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos advisers and staff who have ties to Bush ’s foundation , as well as to Indiana , where Common Core was repealed , but then simply " rebranded . " The secretary recently said the federal Every Student Succeeds Act ( ESSA ) " essentially does away with the notion of a Common Core , " a statement many grassroots parent activists still battling against the Core in their many grassroots parent activists have rejected . Upon DeVos ’s nomination , KOB4 in Albuquerque reported Skandera praised Trump ’s pick , saying that while she did not know her she , she she DeVos DeVos’s would not change Common Core in New Mexico . Breitbart News reached out to the press office at the U. S. Education Department to confirm the report but received no response . 
 