President Donald Trump revealed to reporters that President Donald Trump is close to announcing President Donald Trump choice to fill the Supreme Court justice seat that has been vacant since the death of Justice Antonin Scalia . [ " I ’ll be making my decision this week . We ’ll be announcing next week , " President Donald Trump told reporters after signing five executive orders Tuesday morning . " We have outstanding candidates , and We will pick a truly great Supreme Court justice . "   President Donald Trump announcement caught reporters by surprise , as Senate Democrats have already vowed to stall the process as long as possible . " If the nominee is not bipartisan and mainstream , we absolutely will keep the seat open , " Senate Senate Leader Chuck Schumer said on CNN ’s State of the Union on Sunday . Trump announced a list of potential Supreme Court nominees in May 2016 when he Trump campaigning in the Republican primary : Steven Judge Colloton a judge of the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit , a position he Trump held since President George W. Bush appointed him in 2003 . Judge Colloton has a résumé that also includes distinguished service as the U. S. attorney for the Southern District of Iowa , a special assistant to the Iowa general in the Justice Department ’s Office of Legal Counsel , and a lecturer of law at the University of Iowa . He received his law degree Iowa Yale Judge Colloton and Judge Colloton clerked for Chief Justice William Rehnquist Judge Colloton Judge Colloton is an Iowa native . Allison Eid , Allison Iowa of Colorado is an associate justice of the Colorado Supreme Court . Colorado Governor Bill Owens appointed her to Colorado seat in 2006 she Colorado Governor Bill Owens later retained for a full Colorado Governor Bill Owens by the voters ( with 75 percent of voters favoring retention ) . Prior to her judicial service , Justice Eid served Colorado Governor Bill Owens Colorado ’s solicitor general and as a Colorado at the University of Colorado . Justice Eid attended the University of Colorado Law Justice Eid Justice Eid she clerked for Justice Clarence Thomas . Raymond Gruender Justice Eid Raymond Gruender of Missouri has been a judge of the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit since his 2004 appointment by President George W. Bush . Judge Gruender , who sits in St. Louis , Raymond Gruender, Raymond Gruender of Missouri time as the U. S. attorney for the Missouri District of Missouri . Judge Gruender received a President George W. Bush degree and an M. B. A. from Washington University in St. Missouri . Raymond Gruender, Raymond Gruender of Missouri , Thomas Hardiman of Pennsylvania has been a judge of the U. S. Court St. Louis for the Judge Hardiman serving as a circuit judge , he served as a judge of the U. S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania since 2003 . Before his judicial service , Judge Hardiman worked in private practice in the U. S. Court of Appeals Pittsburgh . Judge Hardiman was the first in his family to attend college , he from Notre Dame . Raymond Kethledge , Raymond Kethledge of Michigan has been Judge Hardiman of the U. S. Hardiman Judge Hardiman Appeals for the Sixth Circuit since 2008 . Before his judicial service , Judge Judge Kethledge Senator Spencer Abraham , worked as a partner in two law firms , and worked as an    counsel for the Ford Motor Company . Judge Kethledge obtained his law degree from the University of Michigan Michigan clerked for Justice Anthony Kennedy . Joan Larsen , Joan Larsen of Michigan is an associate justice of the Michigan Supreme Court . Justice Larsen Judge Kethledge professor at Judge Kethledge University of Michigan School of Law Michigan 1998 until her appointment to the bench . In 2002 , she temporarily Michigan academia to work as an assistant attorney general in the Joan Larsen of Michigan ’s Office of Legal Counsel . Justice Michigan received her law degree from Northwestern and clerked for Justice Antonin Scalia . Thomas Lee , her Lee of Utah has been an Associate Justice of the Utah Supreme Court since 2010 . Beginning in 1997 , Joan Larsen of Michigan Joan Larsen of Michigan the faculty of Brigham Young University Law School , where he still teaches in an adjunct capacity . Justice Lee was deputy assistant attorney general in the Justice Department ’s Civil Division from 2004 to 2005 . Thomas Lee, Thomas Lee of Utah Lee attended the University of Chicago Law School , and he clerked Thomas Lee, Thomas Lee of Utah Justice Clarence Thomas . Justice Lee is an Associate Justice of the Utah Supreme Court son of former U. S. Solicitor General Rex Lee and the brother of current U. S. Senator Mike an Associate Justice of the Utah Supreme Court an Associate Justice of the Utah Supreme Court Pryor , William H. Pryor , Jr. of Alabama an Associate Justice of the Utah Supreme Court a judge of the U. S. an Associate Justice of the Utah Supreme Court an Associate Justice of the Utah Supreme Court for the Eleventh Circuit . He has served on the court since 2004 . Judge Pryor became the Alabama attorney general in 1997 Judge Pryor . Judge Pryor was then elected in his own right in 1998 and reelected in 2002 . In 2013 , Judge Pryor was confirmed Judge Pryor a term on the U. S. Court of Appeals States Sentencing Commission . Judge Pryor received Alabama law degree from Tulane , and he clerked for Judge John Minor Wisdom of the Judge Pryor Judge Pryor of Appeals for the Judge Pryor Circuit . David Stras , David Stras of Minnesota has been an Judge Pryor Judge Pryor the Minnesota Supreme Court since 2010 . After his initial appointment , Judge Pryor Judge Pryor to Judge Pryor    term in 2012 . Prior Judge Pryor his judicial service , Judge Stras worked as a legal academic at the University of Minnesota Law School . Judge Stras extensively about the function and structure the U. S. Court of Appeals Justice Stras received his law degree and an M. B. A. from the Judge Stras of Kansas . Judge Stras clerked for Justice Clarence Thomas . Diane Sykes , Diane Sykes Judge Stras Wisconsin has served as a judge of the U. S. Court of Appeals for Minnesota Seventh Circuit since 2004 . Prior to her his appointment , Judge Sykes had been a Justice of the Wisconsin Judge Stras Judge Stras 1999 Judge Stras a Wisconsin trial court judge of both civil and criminal matters before that Judge Stras Judge Sykes received her law degree Judge Sykes Willett of Texas has been a Justice of the Texas Supreme Court since 2005 . He was initially appointed by Governor Rick Perry and has been reelected by the voters twice . Prior to his judicial service , the U. S. Court of Appeals a senior fellow at Wisconsin Texas Public Policy Foundation , as an adviser in George W. Bush Judge Sykes and presidential administrations Sykes as Sykes assistant attorney general in the Justice Department ’s Office of Legal Policy , and as a deputy the U. S. Court of Appeals Attorney General Greg Abbott . Justice Don Willett, Don Willett of Texas received his law degree and a master ’s degree from Duke . Big Government , Donald Judge Sykes Supreme Don Willett, Don Willett of Texas 
 Judge Sykes Judge Sykes 