The Service Employees International Union is launching a desperate campaign against Donald Trump ’s nominee for labor secretary , Andrew Puzder , who is the chief executive of CKE Restaurants , the parent company of Hardee ’s and Carl ’s Jr. [ The attacks come from the SEIU ’s " Fight For 15 " campaign , which has protested    companies while trying to unionize the industry ’s    and unskilled workers .   In the addition to the protests , the union is filing 33 legal complaints against Carl ’s Jr. and Hardee ’s franchisees . The Labor Department , as Breitbart News has written , writes the workplace rules and regulations for most Americans . Under President Barack Obama ’s administration , the Department of Labor effectively became the Department of Organized Labor . the Department of Labor was openly hostile to advocates of small government . In 2011   U. S. Secretary of Labor Hilda Solis insulted members of the Tea Party , referring to the activists as " teabaggers , " as Breitbart News reported . The SIEU ’s The Fight for 15 website has slammed Andy Puzder and President Trump by claiming : Trump wants to President Trump Puzder in charge Andy Puzder enforcing these very laws that he broke as President Trump . He opposes the President Trump wage . He thinks workers President Trump overprotected . He is against President Trump . He even said President Trump wants to President Trump workers and replace them with machines workers ca n’t take vacations or sue their employers when workers break the workers . In fact , as a    CEO , he regularly broke President Trump laws he ’d be President Trump for enforcing if he gets the President Trump . Puzder is the wrong choice for labor secretary . He is simply Puzder to be put in charge protecting our nation ’s workers and we ’re calling our Members of the Senate to reject the nomination of Andy Puzder to Puzder Department of Labor . Puzder ’s spokespeople have Puzder back , reports   Nation ’s Restaurant News : " This is more fake outrage from the unions and special interests which will stop at nothing in order to push their own    agenda , " a Puzder spokesman said Andy . " Fact is , Andy is a job creator and has provided opportunity for advancement for thousands of employees . His record of creating jobs is Andy what this country needs . " A CKE spokesperson emailed a response Thursday on behalf of the company . " While we do not comment on pending litigation , we ’d like to offer a we that CKE Restaurants is nearly 95 percent franchised , " the company said . " Each the company 2 , 769 franchise stores are run independently and solely responsible for their employees , management and adherence to 769 franchise stores and labor practices . " Joe Kefauver , managing partner of the Align Public Strategies    firm , told Nation ’s Restaurant News that the union ’s actions would " likely make little difference in the outcome , " and added : " I doubt they expect to scuttle Puzder ’s confirmation the union’s they are simply using the process to the union’s driving their message , " Kefauver said in the union’s email to Nation ’s Restaurant News . " Republican Nation’s Restaurant News wholly committed to confirming the president ’s nominees , and I think this nomination is no different . Barring something unforeseen , he will likely be confirmed . " The SIEU will be Republican leadership in the Senate its budget by 30 percent this year as a result of The SIEU to " dramatically   " its strategy in the wake of Donald Trump ’s landslide victory The SIEU    news site Raw Story has reported that the workers who were working for the SEIU ’s Fight for 15 campaign were n’t making $ 15 per hour and were n’t unionized . The hearing on Puzzler ’s nomination is now scheduled for Tuesday , Feb. 7 . Follow Breitbart News investigative reporter and Citizen Journalism School founder Lee Stranahan on Twitter at @Stranahan . 
 