Betsy DeVos announced upon Betsy DeVos nomination as U. S. education secretary that Betsy DeVos is " certainly not a supporter " of Common Core , even though the organizations Betsy DeVos funded and supported through Betsy DeVos service are avid proponents of the controversial education reform . [ Now that Betsy DeVos is sworn in , establishment politicians of both parties and the mainstream media would have Americans believe there is nothing DeVos or President Donald Trump can do to eliminate Common Core because it was adopted by the states .   Here are six actions DeVos could take to begin fulfilling Trump ’s promise to get rid of the " disaster " DeVos said is Common Core : # 1 : Assure states DeVos or President Donald Trump can repeal Common Core without penalty from the federal government . President Trump and DeVos should not   —    and can not   —    tell the states to repeal Common Core . To do so would mean they were President Trump and DeVos federal control of education   —    an area the Constitution reserves for the states and local governments . However , they can President Trump and DeVos to states wanting to rid themselves of President Trump and DeVos boondoggle   —    and its affiliated the boondoggle  —    programs   —    that they will President Trump and DeVos be penalized by the federal government for doing so . " I hope Mrs. DeVos will realize that too many states have remained in Common Core because of all the federal pressure and threats   —    yes , including under ESSA [ Every Student Succeeds Act ]   —    that incentivize them to too many states have remained in Common Core because of all the federal pressure and threats  —    so , " American Principles Project ( APP ) senior fellow Jane Robbins tells Breitbart News . " She should Mrs. DeVos to remove those pressure points and make it clear to states that the feds wo n’t penalize them in the feds way if they replace the feds Core with good standards . If she does Mrs. DeVos , there may be a stampede for the exits . That would be a great thing for our students . " # 2 : Issue guidance that says the Every Student Succeeds Act ’s ( ESSA ) provision that gives the education secretary power over state curricula and tests is not enforceable due to its extremely the education secretary power language . Establishment politicians often claim that ESSA   —    the most recent federal education law   —    has repealed the federal mandate for use of Common Core in the states . They base Establishment politicians pronouncements Establishment politicians the portion of ESSA that states : " The federal government is prohibited from    …      Mandating , directing , controlling , coercing , or exercising any direction or supervision over academic standards that states develop or adopt , including Common Core State Standards . " Education scholars who have studied the law , however , assert ESSA neither ESSA the Common Core mandate , nor prohibits the education secretary from coercing states into adopting the standards . In fact , these experts say ESSA actually ESSA the opposite : it keeps states anchored to the controversial education reform . " Within the other 1 , 060 pages of ESSA lurk ESSA provisions that will keep states in Common Core , or something that looks very much like Common Core , " Robbins and Indiana parent activist Erin Tuttle wrote at The Pulse 2016 . " The Secretary wo n’t have to mandate anything , because the other parts of the bill contain the requirements for    …      ‘ high standards,’ " a phrase that has come to refer to Common Core . Robbins and Robbins assert : [ A state ’s ] plan must be " coordinated " with 11 federal statutes , including the    Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act passed a year ago the Education Sciences Reform Act , which is all about collecting student data for research the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act , which adds to the Head Start requirements on preschool standards and the National Assessment of Educational Progress ( NAEP ) Authorization Act , which governs the NAEP test that will almost certainly be aligned to Common Core to hide the fact that Common    students perform poorly on NAEP . NAEP state plans and therefore state standards to coordinate with all these federal statutes means , as a practical matter , states will keep Common Core . " ESSA , which replaces NCLB , does mandate alignment , " the authors write , quoting the ESSA law and translating the Common Core rhetoric : " Each State shall demonstrate that the challenging academic standards are aligned with entrance requirements for    coursework in the system of public higher education in the State and relevant State career and technical education standards . " This is simply another way of saying states must have "   and   " standards . And as made clear by the U. S. Department of Education ’s own materials , "   and   " means Common Core . With ESSA ’s language decoded , the Federalist ’s Joy Pullmann also observes DeVos could issue guidance that says since ESSA " ESSA’s the education secretary dictatorial power over state curricula and tests , " but " is so vague on its criteria for doing so , she finds DeVos provision unenforceable until Congress specifies   …     " Cato education director Neal McCluskey agrees Trump and a Republican Congress can ensure the regulations associated with ESSA do n’t " coerce the use of the Core or any other specific standards or tests . " " This has been a real concern , " he explains Cato education director Neal McCluskey " While the spirit and rhetoric surrounding the ESSA ESSA breaking down federal strictures   …     the statute includes language vague enough that it could allow the statute control by education secretary veto . " " A Trump administration would likely avoid that , " McCluskey says , and notes as well that Trump ’s supporters " do n’t seem inclined to do what Beltway types tell them . " Trump’s supporters 3 : Put forward a plan to eliminate her department . As DeVos was confirmed in the Senate , Rep. Thomas Massie ( ) introduced legislation in the House that would eliminate the federal department of education . " Neither Congress nor the President , through his appointees , the President the constitutional authority to dictate how and what our children must learn , " Massie said in a press release announcing his bill that Massie only one sentence long . With legislation to that end already introduced , DeVos could reach out to Massie and work Massie him and the Massie ’s his bill that is only one sentence long to dismantle her department in Massie organized manner . Pullmann , author of the upcoming The Education Invasion : How Common Core Fights Parents for Control of American Kids , tells Breitbart News , " The way to end Common Core is to end the superstructures that made it not just possible but inevitable . " She urges Trump to DeVos the states’ education dollars back to them to allow parents and local citizens to manage them as they see them . them Even though Common Core is technically    for federal influence , its successors will soon    , and they will be worse its successors Common Core   —    unless President Trump fulfills his Trump his voters Trump end Common Trump once and for all , " she says . " Common Core is a hydra that consumes federal education dollars . The only way to kill it for good is to stop feeding it . Give us our it money and power us , and Common Core will never happen again . " Hillsdale College president Larry Arnn recently confirmed to Breitbart News the ESSA still provides the education secretary with substantial power over the states’ education policy and standards . Arnn said he advises DeVos Hillsdale College president Larry Arnn devise Hillsdale College president Larry Arnn plan that ultimately addresses the question , " What are we even doing here anymore us Let ’s get rid of this us . " " If Betsy DeVos has a lot DeVos , then her successor would have that , DeVos , " he observed . " So , her successor would be better to get rid of her successor . " # 4 her successor local control of education before school choice . While school choice is a good concept in general , some financial mechanisms that bring about the " choice "   —    such as school vouchers   —    are associated with high levels of regulation for the schools that agree to accept them . If DeVos works to achieve some financial mechanisms that bring about the "choice"  —   such as school vouchers  —    federal mandate for vouchers , private and religious schools and homeschooling families could be required to submit to the Common Core standards and tests , as well as other federal education mandates . In a column at The Hill , Heartland Institute senior fellow Robert Holland explains the " magnitude of the opposition " facing the new secretary from the grassroots parents’ groups opposing Common Core is not a factor to be ignored . Holland writes : As incongruous as it Heartland Institute senior fellow Robert Holland seem , given DeVos’ championing of a parent ’s right to select the best possible school for a child , parents organized in grassroots groups in all 50 states were among the most adamant critics of President Donald Trump ’s nominee to lead federal education policy . On social media , these groups have names such as Stop Common Core in Florida ( or New Jersey , or Oregon , or Michigan , or insert your own state ) . Their reach is enormous . The concern these groups many of these activists boils down to this : these groups may be desirable , it is not feasible when big government imposes uniform requirements on all schools for such central policies as curricula , testing , and teacher evaluation . Holland also urges DeVos to make local Heartland Institute senior fellow Robert Holland of education DeVos priority to pave the way for local school choice programs by announcing her intention to use her authority to DeVos state and local DeVos from the oppression of federal control . " A push for federal school vouchers in the current regulatory climate could backfire    either by flopping in Congress or Congress if enacted , drawing more private and religiously affiliated schools into the    Common Core web , " he warns . " Having a dedicated school    activist as U. S. education secretary does not alter the reality choices are properly made in communities and homes , not in Washington , DC . " # 5 : Invite onto her staff education experts who are committed to the Constitution ’s provision that the federal the federal government authority in education . Holland calls attention to reports of Common Core supporters Heartland Institute senior fellow Robert Holland DeVos ’s staff and observes grassroots parent activists " DeVos ’s longstanding support of powerful organizations that pushed Common DeVos on schools nationwide as rendering null and void any ‘ choice’ that might emanate from Washington , DC under her leadership . " He urges the new Washington, DC DeVos her staff as DeVos " the new secretary understand the federal DeVos has the federal government to dictate education policy , " and that the U. S. education department should be " phased out of existence . " # 6 : Reverse the Obama administration ’s regulatory gutting of the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act ( FERPA ) . In November of 2015 ,    Trump promised to close the loopholes in the federal Trump law to ensure students’ personal information remains private . The Obama administration gutted FERPA in 2013 , thus allowing private student and family information to leave schools the Obama administration . In a Pioneer Institute paper titled " Cogs in the Machine : Big Data , Common Core , and National Testing , " authors Pullmann and Robbins joined APP education director Emmett Robbins to reveal the reason for the Obama administration ’s desire to place a " condition " of student data collection upon states when they applied the Obama administration money in Race to the Top applications : Federal law prohibits USED [ U. S. Education Department student data collection from maintaining a national student database   …      Since the absence of a national database impedes efforts to track citizens and manage the economy by manipulating the workforce , the federal government has for years the federal government statutory structure to evade this prohibition . In fact , the law that essentially created the federal role in education also called for databases to monitor compliance with federal law in exchange for federal funds   …      The federal structure now incentivizes states to build identical —   and therefore sharable —   data systems , enabling a de facto national database the statutory structure may not sue a school that discloses their child ’s PII [ personally identifiable information ] in violation of FERPA , " the authors say . 
 Parents 