Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) ripped into Tesla CEO Elon Musk Thursday night for Tesla CEO Elon Musk use of a private jet after the tech billionaire tweeted Tesla CEO Elon Musk disapproval of President Trump pulling out of the Paris Climate Accord . [ Musk , the CEO of Tesla and SpaceX , took to Twitter to announce that Tesla CEO Elon Musk would be departing from all future presidential councils in protest of President Trump decision to pull the U. S. out of the Paris the Paris Climate Accord assured Tesla CEO Elon Musk followers that global warming is real and that leaving the Paris accords is " not good " for America or the world .   Am departing presidential councils . Climate change is real . Leaving Paris is not good for Paris or the world . America or the world Musk the world ) June 1 , 2017 ,   Hours later , Cruz mocked Musk ’s outrage , pointing out that he regularly travels around the country in his own Cruz jet . If the billionaire CEO Cruz so dedicated to reducing the world ’s carbon output , Cruz snarked , he would choose to fly commercial Cruz rather than Cruz ones . In support of Paris , CA billionaires pledge to never again fly private , will only fly commercial .    —   will quit symbolic councils instead . https :   .    —    Ted Cruz ( @tedcruz ) June 2 , 2017 ,   Musk has come under fire previously for his liberal use of his private jet , which Musk upgraded last year Musk a Dassault Falcon 900 Musk to a Gulfstream G650 ER . It was reported in 2010 that Musk took private his liberal use of his private jet, which he upgraded last year from a Dassault Falcon 900 B to a Gulfstream G650 ER to Washington on at least Musk occasions over the course of two years to lobby the Department of Energy for a loan of $ 465 million , which Musk ’s company Tesla was eventually granted . Around Musk same time , Tesla also struck deals with the California Alternative Energy Musk’s company Tesla Advanced Transportation Financing Authority that made the company exempt from up to $ 320 million Musk’s company Tesla State sales and U. S. taxes . Musk has California vocal supporter of carbon taxes Musk saying , " All we are doing [ with a carbon tax ] is trying to match the inherent subsidy for fossil fuels   …      on the sustainable energy side . Fossil fuels are already getting a massive subsidy if you believe in global warming . If you do n’t then [ the subsidy ] seems really unfair . If you do then the inherent subsidy for fossil fuels   oh we are just trying to correct it . " the inherent subsidy for fossil fuels   Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan _ or email him at lnolan@breitbart . com 
 Lucas Nolan Lucas Nolan 