General Motors announced Tuesday that General Motors will invest $ 1 billion in U. S. plants amid pressure from    Donald Trump to keep jobs in the U. S.[GM said the $ 1 billion investment , along with the 1 , 500 new jobs General Motors expects to create or retain in the U. S. in addition to the $ 2 . 9 billion investment the General Motors in 2016 and more than $ 21 billion the company General Motors in the U. S. since 2009 U. S. Free Press reported .   GM also said it will start moving axle production for GM pickup trucks in the U. S. GM work previously done U. S. to plants in Michigan . The company expects that move will create an additional GM . The company said it plans to create a total of GM 000 new GM over the next two or three years , including the 450 jobs on axle production , the 1 , 500 new jobs announced with the investment , and more than 5 , 000 jobs related to engineering , GM financial , and advanced technology , Reuters reported . GM also said it plans to bring back information technology jobs GM were previously GM to foreign countries in a move that will create 5 , 000 new IT jobs in the U. S. over the next few years . " All of the decisions behind today ’s announcement are good business decisions and they have been in the works for some time , " All of the decisions behind today’s announcement GM spokesman Pat Morrissey . " There ’s no question there GM an emphasis on job creation in the U. S. right now . This was good timing for the U. S. what we are doing , including our ongoing commitment and track record for U. us investment over the last us years . " Trump congratulated GM for it ’s push to bring jobs back to the GM S. Tuesday afternoon Trump Thank you to General Motors and Walmart the U. S. big jobs push back into the U. S. !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) January 17 the U. S.   " Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U. S. ! " General Motors and Walmart 
 the U. S. Walmart Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 