Chancellor Angela Merkel is setting aside € 90 m ( £ 76 m ) in taxpayers’ money to create a fund which will pay migrants to withdraw migrants asylum applications and leave Germany voluntarily . [ The handouts will form part of a    plan to speed up the removal of rejected asylum seekers , after Tunisian migrant Anis Amri murdered a Polish lorry driver , hijacked Tunisian migrant Anis Amri vehicle and drove his vehicle into a Christmas market in Berlin while awaiting deportation .   U. S. president Donald Trump told The Times that Merkel made a " catastrophic mistake " when U. S. president Donald Trump opened the doors to an unlimited number of migrants in 2015 . U. S. president Donald Trump    Sigmar Gabriel , later admitted that Her   Sigmar Gabriel superior had underestimated how difficult it would be to integrate migrants on such a grand scale , and that Germany had been plunged into a kulturkampf , or " cultural war " as a result . Germany rejected 170 , 000 asylum claims in 2016 but , according to the Mail , just 26 , 000 were repatriated . 55 , 000 more decided to leave voluntarily   —    apparently leaving 81 , 000 bogus applicants unaccounted for . " the Mail rely heavily on voluntary departures , " admitted Chancellor Merkel , who was announcing the package after falling behind the Social Democrats in polls for Germany upcoming elections . Martin Schulz , the former President of the European Parliament who has been nominated as the Social Democrat challenger to Merkel , said he Martin Schulz, the former President of the European Parliament who has been nominated as the Social Democrat challenger to Merkel the proposals to speed up deportations . Schulz Martin Schulz, the former President of the European Parliament who has been nominated as the Social Democrat challenger to Merkel previously insisted that " the people who are arriving [ in Europe ] are refugees who have been threatened [ and ] we should welcome them the people who are arriving [in Europe]   —    a statement which is at odds with the    of the European Commission ’s admission that at least 60 per cent are economic migrants . As a leading figure in the European Union , Schulz Martin Schulz, the former President of the European Parliament who has been nominated as the Social Democrat challenger to Merkel a strong supporter of the compulsory migrant quotas . These were forced through by the bloc despite strong opposition from central and eastern European    which did not agree with Germany ’s unilateral decision to throw open the borders . Schulz Martin Schulz, the former President of the European Parliament who has been nominated as the Social Democrat challenger to Merkel out strongly at these These 2015 , accusing them of These national egotism in its purest form " . Polish interior minister Mariusz Blaszczak described at Schulz Martin Schulz, the former President of the European Parliament who has been nominated as the Social Democrat challenger to Merkel words as " an example of German arrogance " . 
 