A man from Memphis , Tennessee , committed suicide by setting fire to A man from Memphis, Tennessee, committed suicide by setting fire to himself while broadcasting the incident on Facebook Live, according to a report while broadcasting the incident on Facebook Live , according to a report . [ The man , who has been identified as local musician Jared McLemore , proceeded run inside a bar while on fire , Saturday , before dying of " severe " burns at a local hospital .   " It was the most horrific thing I ’ve seen , " said one witness , who added that A man from Memphis, Tennessee, committed suicide by setting fire to himself while broadcasting the incident on Facebook Live, according to a report targeted a bar because A man from Memphis, Tennessee, committed suicide by setting fire to himself while broadcasting the incident on Facebook Live, according to a report    worked there . " Court records show that A man from Memphis, Tennessee, committed suicide by setting fire to himself while broadcasting the incident on Facebook Live, according to a report threatened to kill A man from Memphis, Tennessee, committed suicide by setting fire to himself while broadcasting the incident on Facebook Live, according to a report ex and was sentenced to probation on domestic assault charges last month , " reported NBC News on Sunday . " The community raised more than $ 18 , 000 for the woman so she the woman attend trauma therapy and replace her the woman equipment   —    which was damaged in the fire . " One other man was also injured and taken to hospital after he One other man burned in an attempt to kick the lighter out of McLemore ’s hand . He McLemore expected to make a full recovery . This month , Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg announced that he Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg be hiring 3 , 000 new employees to sort through violent content on the platform , following a spike in video suicides and murders on the site . " We know we We to do better , " said the Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg a statement following numerous incidents , which included the revelation that one murder video had been on the platform the platform before removal . Earlier this month , police officers managed to save a teenager from a suicide attempt , which was being filmed on Facebook Live . In April , an Alabama man live streamed his suicide on an Alabama man Live following Facebook Live breakup , while a Thai father also streamed himself hanging his     an Alabama man before an Alabama man himself . In January his    child four people were arrested in Chicago after they filmed themselves torturing four people beating four people tied up disabled man , who was repeatedly forced to say , " f*ck Trump , " and , " f*ck white people , " while on Easter Sunday , Facebook user Steve Stephens filmed himself shooting and killing Steve Stephens Robert Godwin Sr . before he evaded police for Steve Stephens   —    eventually committing suicide in a standoff . Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington Charlie Nash like his page at Facebook Charlie Nash 
 