Filmmaker Joss Whedon let loose on House Speaker Paul Ryan on Twitter this week , wishing House Speaker Paul Ryan on Twitter an unfortunate death at the hands of a certain horned mammal . [ Violence solves nothing . I want a rhino to fuck @SpeakerRyan to death with a rhino horn because a rhino ’s FUNNY , not because House Speaker Paul Ryan on Twitter ’s a # GOPmurderbro ,   —    Joss Whedon ( @joss ) January 14 , 2017 ,    Whedon   —    a longtime Democratic Party contributor and an outspoken    celebrity activist   —    has been on a social media tear since shortly before the election , when Joss Whedon (@joss) January 14, 2017,   Whedon  —   a longtime Democratic Party contributor and an outspoken   celebrity activist  —    reinstated Joss Whedon (@joss) January 14, 2017,   Whedon  —   a longtime Democratic Party contributor and an outspoken   celebrity activist  —    Twitter account to launch an    political PSA featuring the stars of Joss Whedon (@joss) January 14, 2017,   Whedon  —   a longtime Democratic Party contributor and an outspoken   celebrity activist  —    Avengers movies . Earlier this week , Joss Whedon (@joss) January 14, 2017,   Whedon  —   a longtime Democratic Party contributor and an outspoken   celebrity activist  —    went after actress Nicole Kidman after she said Joss Whedon (@joss) January 14, 2017,   Whedon  —   a longtime Democratic Party contributor and an outspoken   celebrity activist  —    the country should unite in support behind Donald Trump . pic . twitter .    —    Joss Whedon ( @joss ) January 13 , 2017 ,   Perhaps unsurprisingly , Whedon ’s —   Joss Whedon about Ryan drew a swift response from the director Joss Whedon (@joss) January 14, 2017,   Whedon  —   a longtime Democratic Party contributor and an outspoken   celebrity activist  —    followers : @joss Talented writer and director .   Epic films .   Poor judgment . pic . twitter .    —    Ken Zimmern ( @KenZimmern ) January 14 , 2017 ,   . @joss People like you are why I stopped being a Democrat . Get the help you need before someone gets it for you . @SpeakerRyan ,   —    Michelle ( @LessThan1Week ) January 14 , 2017 ,   @joss this is beyond disappointing . You ’re behaving like a child . How is this at all appropriate to say ?   —    Sarah Quinlan ( @sarahmquinlan ) January 14 , 2017 ,   @joss @SpeakerRyan Trump ’s win was worth it just for this . the meltdown is beautiful ,   —    Antoine Burke ( @happyburkean ) January 14 , 2017 ,   Whedon has kept up his political activism since Whedon . Shortly after Trump ’s victory over Trump’s Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton , the filmmaker tweeted that Whedon " not Trump’s allowed " to serve his first term in office Whedon He also compared Trump to Whedon leader Trump’s Hitler and , when Clinton supporters began rioting immediately former Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Trump ’s victory , Trump’s to keep protesting . This is simple : Trump can not CANNOT be Trump’s a term in office . It ’s not about 2018 . This ’s about RIGHT NOW , This —    Joss Whedon ( @joss ) November 14 , 2016 ,   Voter suppressionRussian hackingFBI collusionHe has the officeBUT HE IS NOT WELCOME HEREKeep investigatingKeep protesting#NEVERtrump ,   —    Joss Whedon ( @joss ) November 11 , 2016 ,   Whedon ’s " Important " PSA , released in September , became perhaps the most    celebrity political of the 2016 campaign , having been viewed more than eight million times since it was posted online . In    clip , Avengers stars Robert Downey Jr. Scarlett Johansson , Mark Ruffalo Don Cheadle and a slew of other celebrities remind ordinary Americans that Election Day is on November 8 and that voting is a serious matter .   The ad was widely mocked online , with one advertising company producing a    titled " Thanks Famous Actors " that subsequently went viral online .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 