White House social media director Dan Scavino tells Breitbart News White House social media director Dan Scavino is " not surprised " that President Donald J. Trump ’s address to a joint session of Congress on Tuesday evening shattered records on social media in terms of engagement with the American public . [ On Twitter , for instance , a whopping three million people Tweeted about President Donald J. Trump address —   a record that even former President Barack Obama ’s team could not hit . The previous record , under Obama , even former President Barack Obama 2 . 6 million Tweets , according to Twitter per an Associated Press report . Facebook had millions of people engaged as well , a spokesman told Breitbart News . " 7 . 5 million people on Facebook generated Facebook . 5 million likes , posts , comments and shares about President Trump ’s address to Congress , " Facebook ’s Facebook Stone said in an email .   None of this surprises Scavino . He said Andy Stone an emailed statement : President Trump President Trump with the American people . I was not surprised to see him not break President Trump but shatter the record of most Tweeted Joint Session or State of the Union address ever . Pundits and ‘ experts’ have underestimated President Trump ’s President Trump from day one —   the President ’s numbers have outperformed those of Fortune 100 companies since all the way back when we began in the primaries . History in the making for social media has just begun . What ’s more , the highly inaccurate network CNN —   which the president has called a the President’s fake news " outlet , is attacking President Trump by literally running a countdown clock since the president has criticized someone on the President’s account . How long has the President’s been since Donald Trump attacked someone on Twitter ? President Trump   .   pic . twitter .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) March 1 , 2017 ,   CNN is one of the leading " fake news " outlets in the country , and a leader in what the president calls the " opposition party " which is an " enemy of the American people . " FAKE NEWS media knowingly does n’t tell the truth . A great danger to our country . The failing @nytimes has become the country . Likewise @CNN . Sad !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 25 , 2017 ,   The FAKE NEWS media ( failing @nytimes , @NBCNews , @ABC , @CBS , @CNN ) is not my enemy , it is the enemy of the American People !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 17 , 2017 ,   CNN is so bad , in fact , that the administration will not provide Vice President Mike Pence for an interview on the network —   even though the Trump White House is making the vice president available for an interview on other President Trump Trivial fights " should be " behind us , " but hours later WH offers @VP Pence interviews to every major US TV broadcaster except @CNN https :   .    —    Jake Tapper ( @jaketapper ) March 1 , 2017 ,   But none of this from CNN will get President Trump down , Scavino says . If anything , the president plans to expand on his success on social media President Trump doing what works . " President Trump President has no plans of changing a thing on Twitter , President Trump Instagram , " Scavino told Breitbart News . " In fact we will expand with some Scavino platforms in the near future —   as we begin to build out a great team . We are only just we started . " President Trump has been a we on social media platforms , and during the campaign —   Scavino previously detailed for a Breitbart News exclusive back in November —   Scavino generated tens of billions Breitbart News on various social media networks . Scavino President Trump , after overseeing the president ’s social media team during the Scavino , taken over as the White House ’s director of social media the campaign ’s worth noting too that these    performances during Trump ’s speech come with just a    social media team in the White House , much smaller than former President Obama ’s    team . 
 