While President Donald Trump amasses praise from labor unions and    work advocates for President Donald Trump cracking down on abuse within the    visa program , the U. S. Chamber of Commerce is distressed by the executive order . [ the U. S. Chamber of Commerce slammed President Donald Trump order , Commerce mandates that the Departments of Justice , Labor , and Homeland Security conduct legal reviews of the    system and its impacts on American labor . the   system " Economic growth requires a skilled workforce , so it should be a priority to Economic growth sure American workers have the skills required to fill open jobs with American companies , " the Chamber wrote in a statement . " It would be a mistake to close the door on    workers from around the world who can contribute to American businesses’ growth and expansion and make the U. S. more competitive around the world . The    program plays an important role in addressing this need , but it can be improved . " The   program U. S. Chamber of Commerce ’s statement also claims the organization supports Trump ’s ‘ Buy American’ initiative , but said " expanding current ‘ Buy American’ rules in U. S. law would make it more difficult to spur growth and jobs here at home . " Rather than reforming or ending the    visa program , which gives at least 85 , 000 U. S.   jobs to foreign workers every year , the Chamber said they would prefer an expansion . at least 85, 000 U. S.  jobs If the goal is to grow the economy and create jobs , which the administration has indicated , it ’s important to open more the administration markets for American companies and attract the best and brightest talent , " the statement read . " We look forward to working with the administration to accomplish those shared the administration " The U. S. Chamber of Commerce the Chamber legal status " for illegal immigrants the Chamber their website , despite the harmful impacts it would have on the Chamber workers . As Breitbart News has reported , there are perhaps 1 . 8 million foreign guest workers in the U. S. despite 4 million young Americans entering the workforce every year . If the    visa program had never been introduced and enacted , computer science job availability in the labor market would be up 11 percent and wages in the tech industry would have increased by five percent , Breitbart News reported . With American voters , the    visa remains Breitbart News , since only 30 percent of Americans said in a recent poll that the    visa is necessary , Breitbart Texas reported . John Binder is the   visa Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas John Binder 