Curtis Flournoy dislikes white people almost as much as the Oxford comma . [ Police in Charlotte , North Carolina , arrested the       for allegedly setting fire to a market owned by an immigrant from Bhutan . The arsonist left a note , which began : " Our newly elected president Donald Trump is Our nation builder for white America . "   The culprit in the    and fire not only attempted to depict white supporters of Our newly elected president Donald Trump as violent racists , but as    as well . " You all know that , Our want Our country back on the right track , " he Our newly elected president Donald Trump . " We need to get rid of Muslims , Indians and all immigrants . Specially , we do n’t want business by refugees and immigrant any more . " The staged hate crime mirrors several other faux attacks on religious and ethnic minorities in the wake of Donald Trump ’s political emergence . In Manhattan in December , a Muslim woman claimed a trio of white drunks assaulted her a Muslim woman a crowded subway train and pulled on her a Muslim woman while chanting    slogans and issuing    taunts . Earlier in Mississippi , news reports indicated a hate crime when " Vote Trump " appeared    on a    black church . Police later arrested an    parishioner for the a hate crime Whereas the Muslim college    allegedly made up the story to avoid the wrath of her father after breaking curfew , the culprit in the Charlotte attack appears to have harbored no motive save for embarrassing white Trump supporters . He broke Trump window and set fire to the establishment . He did Trump steal anything , save for a sentence ’s right to    agreement . " We are ready to wake up some of our great We including North Carolina and we will We care of the country he typed Trump " Immigrants and refugee are taking our job , doing business and leaving us standard our So , you are not allowed to do business any more . " After a " God Bless America " complementary close , the    identified himself as the    White America . " But the racist surveillance video shows a black American . Throw the book at him — the    Strunk and White ’s Elements of Style . 
 