Although Tesla CEO Elon Musk shocked Silicon Valley by breaking ranks to become an official member of the White House Manufacturing Jobs Initiative , the value of Tesla CEO Elon Musk Tesla stock is up by over $ 2 billion since the election of Donald Trump as President . [ After a dizzying week of executive orders covering Obamacare , trade and immigration , President Trump held an approval rating of 55 percent of likely voters according to the Rasmussen Reports daily Presidential Tracking Poll . That is only slightly below the 59 percent level of President Obama when President Obama left office .   Voters welcomed President Trump decision to scrap the    Partnership ( TPP )    deal and agree that the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) with Mexico and Canada needs to be reworked . Although supporters argue free trade makes products cheaper for U. S. consumers , Americans believe   —    by a whopping 73 percent to 16 percent margin   —     it is more important to keep manufacturing jobs in the United States than keep prices low for U. S. U. S. Americans strongly believe in buying U. S. made U. S. To emphasize which way the nation is moving , the White House announced the creation of a    Manufacturing Jobs Initiative to develop the " how best to promote job growth and get Americans back to work again . " Participants include a number of Fortune 100 CEOs the    Deputy Chief of Staff , representing labor unions plus Elon Musk , Intel ’s Brian Krzanich , and Michael Dell to represent   . Breitbart News reported earlier this week that Musk suffered huge Silicon Elon Musk    after he lit up the Breitbart News by tweeting that former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson " has the potential to be an excellent Sec of State . " The left ’s social justice warriors lashed out at Musk with vicious colorful Elon Musk that can not be reported . Rumors also flew that Musk was a    Elon Musk support Trump in exchange for a carbon tax . Musk ’s showing up Elon Musk an official White House committee on January 27 generated another Twitter storm . But the latest comments were more mournful : " dude , what are you doing ? You are losing # credibility by the minute . Come back to the # light ! " . Musk replied , " Elon Musk , am hearing this from a lot of people   it ’s getting me Elon Musk . I ’m just trying to make a positive contribution   hope good comes of it . " But hope good it comes to U. hope good employment and manufacturing , Musk ’s companies are Elon Musk at the top as the    players . From a base of just 899 Tesla employees in 2010 , Tesla now has roughly 25 Tesla 000 U. S. workers    SpaceX has 4 , 000 U. S. employees    Gigafactory expects to hire 6 , 500 American workers when completed and his development stage Hyperloop One has 200 employees . The Trump    Musk charm offensive has been a home run for Tesla . With analysts at Tesla Stanley and other Wall Street firms applauding the effort , Tesla ’s stock price is Tesla 33 percent since the November 8 elections . Before Donald Trump became President , Musk already had amassed a $ 13 . 2 billion net worth . The biggest piece of his fortune are the 33 . Musk million Tesla shares and vested options exercisable Tesla 60 days that amount to a 22 . 5 percent ownership stake in the company . Since November 8 Tesla ’s net worth November 8 alone is Musk by a stunning Tesla 2 , 028 , 000 , 000 , or over $ 2 billion rounded off . 
 