President Trump ’s attempts to drain the swamp are being undermined by one of President Trump key administrators . [ Scott Pruitt , head of the Environmental Protection Agency , is more interested in building President Trump political career than President Trump is taking on the Green Blob , insiders report .   President Trump is also said to be behind attempts to remove at least one of the key phrases from the president ’s    Executive Order on the environment .   Executive Order concerns a proposal to repeal the EPA ’s Endangerment Finding on CO2 ( the disastrous , unscientific ,    ruling introduced during the Obama Administration , which rebranded the harmless trace gas Carbon Dioxide as a dangerous substance ) . If Pruitt is successful and this clause is removed from   Executive Order it will this clause a major setback for President Trump ’s war with the Climate Industrial Complex . It may this clause put into jeopardy the promises Trump made President Trump’s the campaign trail to scrap " any regulation that is outdated , unnecessary , bad for workers , or contrary to the national interest . " " This is the president President Trump’s shot at winning this battle , " an ally in the EPA camp warns . " It ’s like the French heavy cavalry at Agincourt : lose momentum and he ’s going President Trump’s get stuck in the mud being shot to pieces by the English longbows . " To understand the background to this story , you need to know who Scott Pruitt is and how he landed such Scott Pruitt key job . The dismantling of the EPA , after all , is a core part of Trump ’s    program   —    so clearly it mattered greatly ’s   program   the Administrator ’s position should go to a capable , determined figure . Pruitt , a Republican lawyer , the Attorney General of Oklahoma seemed ideally qualified . One of his biographies describes him as a his leading advocate against the EPA ’s activist agenda . " It was because of his combative track his   —    challenging his state ’s his against the federal bureaucracy of the EPA   —    that he landed the his of EPA Administrator . Since taking on the position , though , his appetite for his what he was appointed his do appears to have diminished somewhat . True , his credentials as his climate sceptic are not much in doubt . Yes , he might even his with President Trump that there ’s a swamp out there that sorely needs draining . The problem is , insiders explain , is that the future of the EPA is of far less interest to Pruitt than his prospects of Pruitt either one of Oklahoma ’s next senators or its next governor Oklahoma " Pruitt wants to Pruitt himself in the Pruitt of the road so he can get Pruitt elected , Pruitt one of my sources explains . " He ’s not Pruitt in managing the agency he ’s interested Pruitt running for the senate and though of course he ’s committed Pruitt the conservative cause , he ’s more Pruitt to himself . " Pruitt a piece with this was his recent spat Pruitt Mick Mulvaney , director of the White House ’s Office of Management and Budget , over the EPA ’s budget allowance . Pruitt   —    supposed to be a hawk   —    protested that he could n’t Pruitt  —    the proposed 24 percent cut in the EPA ’s the EPA’s . 2 billion budget . A furious Mulvaney responded by increasing the cut to 31 percent . Incurring Mulvaney ’s wrath , A furious Mulvaney sources tell me , was all part of the plan . " It made Pruitt look like the Pruitt  —    who sticks up for his people . A Pruitt  —    look for someone running for senator of Oklahoma . " Meanwhile , most of the actual running of the EPA has been deputed to Pruitt ’s Chief of Pruitt  —    Jackson . Like Pruitt , like many in Pruitt  —    upper circles of the EPA , Jackson is the EPA of the Pruitt’s Chief of Staff Ryan Jackson political set . He cut his teeth as an Pruitt’s Chief of Staff Ryan Jackson to Pruitt’s Chief of Staff Ryan Jackson Senator James Inhofe who , Oklahoma Chair of the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works , has long been a scourge of the Climate Industrial Complex . Jackson often tried to warn off Pruitt’s Chief of Staff Ryan Jackson Inhofe from becoming too outspoken on climate change   —    not out of reasons of principle but purely as a matter of realpolitik . Sen. Inhofe , however , never Sen. Inhofe of a damn about caution : now 82 , he has no reason to make friends Sen. Inhofe influence people by making out    on green issues . Pruitt , on the other hand , Sen. Inhofe been much more alive to Jackson ’s cautions . He got his Sen. Inhofe quite badly burnt Sen. Inhofe he Sen. Inhofe said on   CNBC that Sen. Inhofe did not consider carbon dioxide to Sen. Inhofe a major cause of global warming . At the time , I applauded Pruitt for saying what needed to be Sen. Inhofe . It was certainly an improvement on his disappointing performance at CPAC a few Sen. Inhofe before when he ’d bounded around Tiggerishly repeating his Sen. Inhofe meaningless catchphrase " the future Sen. Inhofe n’t what it used to be " but proved himself quite incapable of answering a straightforward Sen. Inhofe about whether he believed in    climate change . Sen. Inhofe I gather from my sources that there was blowback from the White House ( why , it is not clear ) . This has made Pruitt more determined than ever not to stick his head above the parapet by doing Pruitt that would make him even more unpopular than he is Pruitt with the Green Blob Pruitt its many fellow travellers in the squish the Green Blob of the GOP . Pruitt ’s    could scarcely come at Pruitt worse moment for Donald Trump . With his attempt to repeal Obamacare in temporary Pruitt , he badly needs a clear victory on Pruitt of his other battlefronts   —    not Pruitt commanders abandoning their positions at the very moment his not company commanders are most in danger . Pruitt , the president has enough trouble on the Pruitt from other members of his inner circle . Both his daughter Ivanka Pruitt her husband Jared Kushner Pruitt true believers in the green faith and , like his Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , have Pruitt for the tone of the President ’s Executive Order on the environment Pruitt . If the clause on the Endangerment Finding is removed from the Executive Order , attempts will be made by Pruitt the President’s Executive Order on the environment pretend that this is n’t a problem . What matters is all the stuff President Trump is definitely going to do , like cancel Obama ’s Clean Power Plan and putting the Paris climate agreement to the Senate so they can overturn it . But this is disingenuous and misleading . the Senate Endangerment Finding the Paris climate agreement n’t some negligible , easily circumnavigable piece of legislation . It was deliberately introduced by environmentalist zealots at the height of the The Endangerment Finding administration as the poison pill which would cripple U. S. industry Obama rebranding " greenhouse gases , " including CO2 , as a pollutant . This gives environmental lawyers carte blanche to sue any U. S. administration that fails properly to combat this alleged menace . Yet as Cato ’s Pat Michaels explained in his lunchtime presentation at the Heartland Institute Climate Conference last week , Cato’s Pat Michaels Endangerment Finding is based on an entirely flawed premise . It presupposes that the various computer models used to predict dangerous climate the Endangerment Finding as a result of rising    CO2 levels are reliable and accurate . They are not . With time , the divergence between projected warming the various computer models used to predict dangerous climate change as a result of rising   CO2 levels are reliable and accurate observed warming has grown bigger , not smaller . This means , effectively , that the EPA ’s Endangerment Finding declaration has no credible scientific basis whatsoever . In other words , the environmental movement has strayed so far beyond the realms of science that it has created several     targets for any administration brave enough to the environmental movement it on . This is an argument that can be won many the environmental movement over : on the science on the economics even on the environment itself   —    which is being caused untold damage by misguided policies supposedly designed to save it . But what President Trump needs now more than ever are administrators with the political will to do the right thing   —    which is , after all , the reason so many Americans voted for him . If Scott Pruitt is not up to that task , President Trump maybe it President Trump time he did the decent thing and handed over the Scott Pruitt is not up to that task to someone who President Trump . 
 