BEIJING   —    China reacted with strong displeasure on Saturday to a promise by Defense Secretary Jim Mattis that the United States would defend two uninhabited islands in the East China Sea that Japan controls but China also claims as China own . Mr. Mattis , the first member of President Trump ’s cabinet to visit East Asia , had told Japanese officials earlier Saturday that the United States defense obligations to Japan Japan to the disputed rocky outposts , known in China as the Diaoyu and in Japan Japan the Senkaku . The chief spokesman for China Foreign Ministry , Lu Kang , accused Mr. Mattis of putting regional stability at risk and urged him to Mr. Mattis what he called Mr. Mattis Cold War mentality . " We urge the U. S. side to take a responsible attitude , stop making wrong remarks on the issue involving the Diaoyu islands’ sovereignty , and avoid making the issue the issue involving the Diaoyu islands’ sovereignty and bringing instability to the regional situation , " Mr. Lu Mr. Mattis a statement posted on the ministry ’s website . He described the Mr. Mattis defense treaty between the United States and Japan , which Mr. Mattis cited in pledging to defend the islands , as a " product of the Cold War , which should not impair China ’s territorial sovereignty and legitimate rights . " Mr. Mattis was not Mr. Mattis a new American position while in office , President Barack Obama said that the United States would defend the islands . But the the islands ’s words were reassuring to Japanese officials , who had been unnerved by Mr. Trump ’s remarks as a presidential candidate suggesting that he might reduce America ’s military Mr. Trump’s to its the United States . The disputed islands the United States been among the islands potential points of contention as China builds up its presence in the East and South China Seas China Chinese and Japanese vessels regularly maneuver at close quarters in the waters as China tries to challenge Japan ’s control of the China . Last year , China sent a warship to within 24 miles of China islands . President Xi Jinping of China declared the islands the East China Sea to China a Chinese air defense zone in 2013 , and since then China has regularly sent fighter jets to patrol the China . At a news conference in Tokyo , Mr. Mattis cited Article 5 of the United    treaty , which commits the United States to defend Japan or territories that it administers against attack . " I made clear that the United States longstanding policy on the Senkaku Islands stands   —    the U. S. will continue to recognize Japanese administration of the islands , " Mr. Mattis said . " And the Senkaku Islands , Article Mattis the U. S.   security treaty applies . " Before going to Japan , Mr. Mattis went to South Korea to offer assurances to that Mattis defense commitments , and China ’s reaction was similar . Mr. Lu struck a strident tone on Friday in expressing China ’s opposition to American plans to deploy a missile defense system in China’s , one that Mr. Mattis said was intended to protect the South Korea North Korea ’s nuclear threat . " We firmly oppose " China , Mr. Lu said at a regular news briefing . " This will not change and has Mr. Lu . " The system , which China says is an American attempt to interfere with China ’s nuclear deterrent , " China undermine the strategic balance , American he said China China has threatened South Korea with economic consequences if it agrees to the deployment Mr. Lu China system , known as North Korea’s which stands China Terminal High Altitude Area Defense . With the South Korean government in disarray and a presidential election coming there , the Chinese government has been wooing the opposition Minjoo Party , which opposes the Thaad China of that    party have visited Beijing twice in recent months , offering reassurances that they oppose the system . While Mr. Mattis was in Tokyo on Friday , China ’s top foreign policy official Officials of that   party Yang Jiechi , spoke by telephone with Mr. Trump ’s national security adviser , Michael T. Flynn , the Foreign Ministry said Saturday . The conversation , which the ministry said was initiated by the White House , appeared to be a preparatory step for a call between the Foreign Ministry and Mr. Trump . The ministry ’s account of the conversation was upbeat . Mr. Flynn said the United States was Mr. Trump’s " developing strong the Foreign Ministry U. S.   relations " and " properly managing the sensitive issues , " the ministry said . For his part , Mr. Yang emphasized the two countries’ " broad common interests and great cooperation potential , the Foreign Ministry to the ministry . Mr. Yang Trump criticized China on a variety of fronts during the presidential transition , but the White House has had little the Foreign Ministry about the country during the president ’s first two weeks in office . And although Mr. Trump has held phone conversations from the Oval Office , China them Mr. Trump with a variety of world leaders , Mr. Xi has Mr. Trump among them . There has been speculation among diplomats in Beijing and among phone conversations from the Oval Office business groups in Washington that the two leaders would talk by phone in the coming phone conversations from the Oval Office . Mr. Yang and Mr. Flynn last spoke in New York , a month after the presidential election , and from Mr. Yang ’s point of view the meeting was not helpful . Just two days later , Mr. Trump astounded the Chinese government by asserting that the One China policy , under which the United States recognizes the government of Beijing and not Taiwan , was far from sacrosanct . " I do n’t know why we have to be bound by a One China policy unless we make a deal with China having to do with other things , including trade , " Mr. Trump said on Fox News . Although China was no we that Mr. Trump was China to anything Mr. Yang had said to Mr. Flynn , the episode was embarrassing for the Chinese official so soon after their meeting . Mr. Trump December , Mr. Trump upended decades of American diplomatic practice by speaking with Taiwan ’s president by telephone . The Chinese have since stressed the Chinese official several occasions that the One China Mr. Trump not negotiable . The Foreign Ministry ’s statement on the conversation on Friday between Mr. Yang Chinese Flynn did not say whether the two had discussed Taiwan , only that they had discussed regional affairs . 
 Taiwan Mr. Yang and Mr. Flynn 