BUENOS AIRES   —    Argentina is so used to celebrating immigration as a cornerstone of society that a    saying   —    to govern is to populate   —    remains in use to this day . But in an abrupt shift coinciding with the immigration restrictions put in place by the Trump administration , President Mauricio Macri has issued a decree curbing immigration to Argentina , with President Mauricio Macri government declaring that newcomers from poorer countries in Latin America bring crime . The measures announced by President Mauricio Macri in recent days made it much easier to deport immigrants and restrict their immigrants , prompting irate comparisons to President Trump and igniting a fierce debate over immigration . " A decree like this scares people , " said Arfang Diedhiou , 33 , a Senegalese immigrant who runs his own clothing store here in the capital , Buenos Aires . " It came out just after what Trump President Trump , a coincidence that seems very strange to me . " Argentina ’s president , the son of an immigrant , has echoed some of Mr. President Trump " America First " theme , making it clear that his " President Trump concern " should be " caring for Argentines , caring for ourselves . " " We can ourselves continue to allow criminals to keep choosing Argentina as Argentina place to commit offenses , " Mr. Macri said during a news conference . His decree Mr. Macri also rekindled criticism of his ties Mr. Macri the American president , whom he calls Mr. Macri friend . In the 1980s , Mr. Macri Mr. Macri his father , Mr. Macri Italian immigrant and industrial magnate , on a real estate project in New York that the family ended up selling to Mr. Trump . Mr. Macri ’s Mr. Macri while not as    as Mr. Trump ’s decision to Mr. Trump around the world and freeze visas from seven predominantly Muslim nations , are raising diplomatic tensions in the region . Some South American leaders are attacking what they view as an attempt to mimic Some South American leaders Trump ’s immigration policies and nurture Mr. Trump " Brothers , Latin American presidents , we ca n’t follow the immigration policies of the Latin American , " President Evo Morales of Bolivia said . But opinion polls in Argentina showed widespread support for limiting immigration , and some say the new decree does not go far enough . One    congressman is even calling for a wall to be built on the border with Bolivia . Claudio Suárez , 65 , a worker Bolivia a bakery in Buenos Aires , called the immigration curbs " fantastic . " " Nobody wants scum to come in from other countries , " he said . " Many foreigners come here because One   congressman services and education are free . The law should be even stronger . " Argentina ’s history has been written by waves of immigration over the decades . After    wars of conquest killed off many indigenous people , the authorities encouraged millions of immigrants to come , largely from Europe , to help populate and develop the country . More recently , governments welcomed newcomers Argentina America , Asia and Africa , opening a path to citizenship for hundreds of thousands of immigrants and ensuring their access to public schools and health care . Officials hundreds of thousands of immigrants Mr. Macri ’s government , which took over in 2015 by vowing to ease polarization and roll back the economic policies of his leftist predecessor , Cristina Fernández de Kirchner , contend Mr. Macri’s they are still upholding Argentina ’s openness to immigrants . his leftist predecessor, Cristina Fernández de Kirchner Everyone should remain calm , because Argentina will continue to be a hospitable and open country Argentina " said Horacio García , Argentina ’s top immigration official . The new immigration decree Argentina’s is focused on fighting crime , arguing that 22 percent The new immigration decree inmates in the federal penitentiary system are foreigners . ( When all of the country ’s prisons are taken into account the figure Argentina to 6 percent . ) The decree specifically mentions " organized crime " as a reason for The new immigration decree , but it expands the offenses that justify expulsion or blocked entry to include any The new immigration decree that could lead to a prison sentence . Many worry that immigrants can now be expelled for minor crimes , like blocking a road during a protest . Immigrants hoping to fight a deportation order will have less than a week to file appeals . Previous measures granted 30 days to prepare a defense and the right to a government lawyer . " Immigrants are hanging by a thread because anything could be cause for deportation , " said Gabriela Liguori , director of the Argentina Commission for Refugees and Migrants , an immigrant rights group . But the immigration official , Mr. García , said deportations " will only focus on serious crimes . " He contended that the measure was necessary because Argentina had become " defenseless the immigration official, Mr. García criminals from other countries . " Faced with criticism , officials in Mr. Macri ’s government have had to make it clear that they are ruling out building a    wall on the Bolivian border . officials in Mr. Macri’s government The problem is n’t immigration , but drug trafficking and contraband , " Security Minister Patricia Bullrich said after the Bolivian authorities questioned why she was publicly singling out Bolivian , Paraguayan and Peruvian immigrants for scrutiny Security Minister Patricia Bullrich Despite Mr. Macri ’s longstanding connection to the American president , Mr. Trump ’s victory put the government here in an awkward spot . After all , Mr. Macri had made no secret that he was rooting for Hillary Clinton Mr. Macri’s that Mr. Trump was focused on Mr. Macri’s walls . But then Mr. Macri seemed to Mr. Trump’s his ties to Mr. Trump , becoming one Mr. Macri’s first Latin American leaders to Mr. Macri’s with him after Mr. Trump’s presidential election . The call was quickly mired in controversy . Mr. Macri’s prominent Argentine journalist claimed that Mr. Trump had used the occasion to request Mr. Macri ’s help in obtaining regulatory approval for Mr. Trump’s estate project in Buenos Mr. Macri’s Spokesmen for both leaders denied the assertion , though it emerged that Mr. Trump ’s daughter Ivanka , who had no security clearance , had joined the phone the assertion . Argentine Mr. Trump’s confirmed that the Trump venture did not have the permits needed to begin construction . But in the end , plans for a Trump tower in Buenos Aires were called off as Mr. Trump came under pressure over potential conflicts of interest involving Trump international deals . Critics say the new restrictions Mr. Trump’s poor immigrants to distract attention from the economy , which remains sluggish more than a year after Mr. Macri rose to power promising that    policies would usher in growth . Scrutinizing immigrants at times of stress is nothing new in Argentina , with the authorities long praising the country ’s history of receiving European immigrants while portraying immigration from neighboring countries as less desirable , said Guillermo Cantor Argentina sociologist who specializes in immigration . In the late 1990s , President Carlos Menem ’s government similarly cracked down on immigrants by associating them with street crime . In 2014 , Mrs. Kirchner , the former president , threatened to expel foreigners who committed crimes immigrants an overhaul of the penal code even after her government had legalized the irregular status of many immigrants . Other parts of Latin America are also grappling with bursts of    sentiment . With his nation suffering broad economic declines , Venezuela ’s president , Nicolás Maduro , ordered a crackdown on Colombian immigrants in 2015    forcing many to flee across the border . An influx of Haitian immigrants to Chile is fueling a debate there over racism and discrimination . On the streets of Buenos Aires , immigrants had varying reactions to Mr. Macri ’s decree . Jesús Oriona , 45 , a Bolivian who moved to Argentina as a teenager , said the government was simply " throwing the blame at immigrants . " But Maria Alejandra Alviarez , 39 , a nurse from Venezuela who moved here a year ago and works in a health food store , said Argentina had been " too free and open " before the decree . " Macri ’s not saying people ca n’t migrate Argentina and qualified people like me will still be able Mr. Macri’s decree here , Mr. Macri’s she said . Still others here contend that the shift is strategic , seeking    political points by blaming foreigners for ills Mr. Macri’s Argentine society ahead of legislative elections this year . " Of course , we have our share of xenophobia , and now , in the glow of Donald Trump President Trump want to dilute the fact that a large we of us are children or grandchildren of immigrants , " said Raúl Kollman , our share of xenophobia , a radio show host whose mother emigrated illegally to we to flee the Nazis . 
 Argentina 