Top Chef   host Padma Lakshmi referred to Breitbart Senior editor MILO as a " " listing the riots at UC Berkeley as one of the " victories " of the    resistance . [ The video posted to Top Chef  host Padma Lakshmi Instagram page is a compilation of supposed victories of the    protests that have appeared across the country . The video states , " Think protesting does n’t change anything ? In the last 48 hours the the   resistance won major victories . "   The video The video posted to Lakshmi’s Instagram page credit for the rejection of Betsy Devos by two GOP senators , the cancellation of Donald Trump ’s visit to the    company , however Trump did meet Donald Trump two    executives and Nordstrom cutting ties with Ivanka Trump ’s company despite Nordstrom explicitly stating Nordstrom no boycott affected their decision to no boycott ties with Ivanka ’s company . The video then states , " Berkeley protesters forced the cancellation of a hate speech by    Milo . " The video fails The video that innocent people were pepper sprayed , beaten with bats and chased by angry mobs or that the protest quickly devolved into a full blown riot with masked rioters destroying ATM ’s and Starbucks shops . A video posted by Padma Lakshmi ( @padmalakshmi ) on Feb 4 , 2017 at 7:00am PST ,   The video also fails The video MILO ’s explicit rejection of white supremacy , white nationalism or any form of racism during a speech at UC Colorado Springs , " White pride , white nationalism , white supremacy is n’t the way to go , " he continued . " The white supremacy to go is reminding them and yourselves that you white nationalism, white supremacy be aspiring to values and to ideas . " " You should be focusing on what unites people and not what drives them apart , " MILO people . " You should n’t give a shit about skin color , a shit about sexuality   …      You should n’t give a shit about gender , and you should be deeply suspicious of the people who do . " MILO will be appearing on Justice with Judge Jeanine tonight at 9PM ET on Fox News . 
 