Democrat Jon Ossoff , the candidate who fell short of the    mark needed to capture a House seat in an Atlanta district that has long been a Republican stronghold , serves as the CEO of an investigative film company that has received backing from the    Omidyar Network . [ The Omidyar Network , which is the nonprofit for liberal billionaire eBay founder Pierre Omidyar , has partnered with George Soros ’s Open Society on numerous projects and has given grants to third parties using the    Tides Foundation . Tides is one of the largest donors to    causes in the U. S.   the   Omidyar Network is also a prominent donor to the International    Network , the project of the Poynter Institute for Media Studies that is helping Facebook to determine whether a certain story is " disputed . " Poynter ’s IFCN is also funded by Soros’ Open Society Foundations , as well as by the Bill   Melinda Gates Foundation , Google , and the National Endowment for Democracy . In March , the Omidyar Network also provided the    League ( ADL ) whose chief has baselessly smeared Breitbart News with claims of    associations , with a    seed donation to build a Silicon Valley command center purportedly aimed at combating online hate . Ossoff serves as managing director and CEO of the    Insight TWI ( The World Investigates ) which describes itself as Ossoff "   documentary films and television programmes , specializing in fresh , daring factual content and    journalism . " Continues a company description : " Insight ’s    Peabody , and BAFTA    team has decades of experience working safely in    environments and a focus on immersive storytelling that makes the important interesting . " The company ’s leaders produced " Blood on the Stone , " a documentary that accompanied the DVD for the    " Blood Diamond " movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio . Insight TWI collaborated with with Al Jazeera English to produce an " Africa Investigates " series . In 2014 , the Omidyar Network provided Ossoff ’s Insight TWI with a $ 350 , 000 investment , listing Ossoff specifically Ossoff the award announcement posted on Omidyar ’s website . Regarding the Facebook    project , the    the Omidyar Network a code of five principles for news websites to accept , and Facebook announced it will work with "   the Facebook   project checking organizations " that are signatories to the code of principles . Facebook says that if the " Facebook checking organizations " determine that a certain story is fake , it will get flagged as disputed a certain story , according to the Facebook announcement , " there will Facebook a link to the corresponding article explaining why . Stories that have been disputed may also appear lower in News Feed . " Omidyar also provided the seed capital for the ADL ’s new Silicon Valley command center reportedly aimed at combatting online hate . According to the ADL ’s press release announcing the ADL the ADL the ADL will Omidyar with tech sector leaders the ADL into    options for reducing " online harassment , " including " artificial intelligence , big data ,    reality , and other technologies . " Ossoff    a former aide to Rep. Hank Johnson Ossoff’s attempt to win a House race in Atlanta ’s conservative suburbs . The Democratic Party excitement surrounding Ossoff Ossoff’s bid led the Drudge Report to label him the " Dem Trump slayer " in a banner Ossoff’s . Drudge later mockingly crossed out the words Ossoff’s Dem Trump slayer " as Ossoff ’s chances for victory seemed to have faded . The Washington Post reported on the latest results of Ossoff’s ’s bid : Unofficial returns showed that Ossoff had earned less than 50 percent of the vote , Ossoff’s threshold needed to declare an outright victory Ossoff’s Instead , with 48 . 3 percent , Ossoff was headed to a runoff against Republican Karen Handel , a former Georgia secretary of state and the Ossoff’s GOP    in a special election to replace Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price in Georgia ’s 6th Congressional District . In a statement early Wednesday , Ossoff acknowledged that he had fallen short Georgia " This is already a remarkable victory , " he said Ossoff’s " We Ossoff’s the odds , shattered expectations , and now are ready to fight on Ossoff’s win in June . " Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . With research by Joshua Klein . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 