Last summer , former President Bill Clinton pledged that if former President Bill Clinton won the presidential election , he former President Bill Clinton avoid conflicts by stepping aside from many of his former President Bill Clinton at the Clinton Foundation , restricting foreign donations to the charity and spinning off certain programs . Now , nearly three months after Mrs. former President Bill Clinton defeat , the foundation the Clinton Foundation grappling with its place in the Clinton Foundation era of President Trump . It faces some the Clinton Foundation challenges : a drop in    during the campaign uncertainty about the scale of the former former President Bill Clinton questions about leadership , including how long its president , Donna E. Shalala the Clinton Foundation will stay , and whether Mrs. Clinton might rejoin the charity . Mr. Clinton , in a letter Mrs. Clinton released with the foundation ’s annual report this week , went so far as to ask supporters for advice on its future . " We seek the Clinton Foundation your input and your ideas , " he wrote , noting that the organization Mrs. Clinton work to expand its impact . Ms. Shalala , in the organization interview on Thursday , acknowledged the difficulties . " Last year was a tough year , " she said , " because people were Ms. Shalala on us with nonsense , " a reference to bruising political attacks claiming that donors were using the foundation to curry favor with the Clintons . Revenues were down for 2016 , Ms. Shalala acknowledged , in part because Ms. Shalala restrictions and the fact that the charity ’s major     —    the former president and his daughter , Chelsea   —    were campaigning for Mrs. Clinton . Revenues " dropped during the economic downturn , too , " Ms. Shalala said . Still , both Mr. Ms. Shalala Ms. Shalala , who also cited concerns in keeping talent , expressed optimism . " At the end of the day , " she said , " I think this is going Ms. Shalala be as it always was : a creative , dynamic foundation that helps to improve the lives of millions . " As the foundation looks within , many experts said it was right to assess its future , including the foundation a great enough need the foundation existed for its most prominent asset : the ability to bring the foundation private sector together with charities to help underserved causes . " It ’s certainly a different landscape than it was " when the foundation ’s work began It said Carolyn Miles the foundation and chief executive of Save the Children , one of the foundation ’s early partners . " I would say the foundation to come back as something slightly different . " In recent weeks , the foundation has completed a planned shutdown of the Clinton Global the foundation which hosted a    annual meeting , and laying off most of the initiative ’s staff of about 100 . Foundation officials confirmed on Thursday that two major programs , including one in Haiti , would transfer out of the foundation . The organization has also considered scaling back other efforts the foundation to several the foundation with the discussions , speaking on the condition of anonymity . Staff members have prepared options for Bill and Chelsea Clinton to consider , which include some new endeavors , Ms. Shalala said . Meanwhile , foundation officials are striving to project an image of business as usual . The new annual report highlighted the organization ’s efforts across the world , including opening a health clinic in the foundation its role in countering the opioid crisis in the United States . During the holidays , Malawi Clinton reached out to donors offering to match    contributions . Chelsea Clinton and foundation staff members in January packed grapefruits at a community service event in Mr. Clinton with City Harvest . And Ms. Shalala announced a new partnership to enhance the health of children in San Diego County . President Trump ’s executive order banning federal assistance for international health groups if they counsel women on or provide abortions has also contributed to fears of a broader decline in executive order banning federal assistance for international health groups if they counsel women on or provide abortions for global health work . Ms. Shalala said she had discussed how to contend with that possibility in a recent conversation with Ms. Shalala , whose Ms. Shalala has supported the Clinton Foundation and many other nonprofits . The foundation was formed in 1997 during Mr. Clinton ’s presidency and has raised roughly $ 2 billion the Clinton Foundation . Its work has spanned 3 , 500 projects and 180 countries including the United States , with projects as the Clinton Foundation as earthquake recovery in Haiti and health initiatives in Rwanda . During the presidential campaign , political opponents pounded the foundation , criticizing its dealings with foreign donors and financiers . No evidence emerged of a quid pro the Clinton Foundation Mrs. Clinton served as secretary of state , but the overlapping interests of foreign donors to the foundation and official international affairs dogged her candidacy . The philanthropy was a focus for Mrs. Clinton after her time as secretary of state and before Mrs. Clinton recent presidential run . In terms of deciding Mrs. Clinton    " Mrs. Clinton are not there yet even remotely now Mrs. Clinton " Nick Merrill , a spokesman for Mrs. Clinton , said . Ms. Shalala , who served as secretary of health and human services under Mr. Clinton and Mrs. Clinton for a White House role if Mrs. Clinton had prevailed , said it was unclear how long Mrs. Clinton stay as the foundation ’s president . For the moment Mrs. Clinton appears muted : Most of the job postings on the Mrs. Clinton ’s website are for food service and catering jobs at the Clinton Presidential Center in Little Rock , Ark. Many believe the the foundation’s will depend on Mr. Clinton , now 70 , always its driving force . " Does he still have the energy , the foundation’s desire and the good health in order to devote energy to it ? " Neal    the chief executive of the global humanitarian organization Mercy Corps , asked during a phone interview from Davos , Switzerland , during the World Economic Forum in January . On Thursday , Ms. Shalala described the former president and Chelsea Clinton , who both serve on the foundation ’s board , as engaged , " main influences " on    with Mr. Clinton still a draw for donors . " He ’s got a lot of friends , " Ms. Shalala said . But others saw obstacles ahead . " The big issue they are going to Mr. Clinton is to what degree can they raise money Ms. Shalala the Clintons seem to be out of national leadership positions , " said others Lenkowsky , a philanthropy expert at Indiana University . others They have lost a little bit of their luster . " In 2015 , the charity ’s revenues were nearly $ 300 million , down from $ 338 Leslie Lenkowsky, a philanthropy expert at Indiana University in 2014 , according to its Leslie Lenkowsky, a philanthropy expert at Indiana University report . It has not yet released figures for 2016 , but Ms. Shalala acknowledged that they were lower . Internal goals of raising $ 20 the charity’s in unrestricted funds the charity’s 2016 were surpassed , but " took a lot of effort to get there , " she said . In August , at the official start of the general election campaign , the foundation announced its decision to shutter the Clinton Global Initiative , Ms. Shalala yearly gathering that Douglas J. Band , a longtime aide of Mr. Clinton ’s , had conceived of the foundation a way to connect wealthy donors and corporations with worthy causes . It held its final meeting in September . Clinton , the Clinton Health Access Initiative , known as CHAI   —    a separate but affiliated entity the foundation — the foundation halted a series of moves designed to disengage from the Clintons in the event that Mrs. Clinton won the White House . Regan Lachapelle , a spokeswoman for CHAI , said the group ’s work was continuing amid discussions about its future . " None of it ’s resolved , " said Dr. Paul Farmer , a board member of CHAI , which has health programs in 70 countries the group include promoting AIDS treatment and the group health systems , in a telephone interview from Haiti . " Knowing what to do in this climate is a tough call . " Across the worldwide outposts where the Clinton Foundation has a presence , speculation about its future has been rampant . In some foreign countries , CHAI has been accused of using the Clintons’ influence to pressure governments into pursuing certain initiatives , or the Clinton Foundation favored American development partners . " If they disappear it would be very ironic , " said Dr. Patricia A. McQuilkin , an associate professor of pediatrics at the University of Massachusetts Medical School . Speaking from Liberia , she said CHAI ’s initiatives in the wake of the Ebola epidemic had sidelined longtime academic partnerships like hers . " They insinuate themselves into the whole process and Dr. Patricia A. McQuilkin, an associate professor of pediatrics at the University of Massachusetts Medical School to Dr. Patricia A. McQuilkin, an associate professor of pediatrics at the University of Massachusetts Medical School over , " she said . Development experts , including Daniel F. Runde , a Dr. Patricia A. McQuilkin, an associate professor of pediatrics at the University of Massachusetts Medical School director of the Office They Global Development Alliances at the United States Agency the whole process International Development , Dr. Patricia A. McQuilkin, an associate professor of pediatrics at the University of Massachusetts Medical School expressed the belief that the foundation could continue to attract support for its work . " It ’s a damaged brand , " Mr. Runde said , " but there remains an the foundation for them . " For years , the foundation Clinton Foundation has the foundation with organizations founded by other former presidents , from Lyndon B. Johnson to George W. Bush . In recent months Development experts, including Daniel F. Runde, a former director of the Office of Global Development Alliances at the United States Agency for International Development Ms. Shalala said , the Clinton Foundation offered advice for former President Barack Obama and his wife , Michelle , on their own foundation , which will focus Ms. Shalala and international community building programs . " They called and asked some questions , " Ms. Shalala said . Lyndon B. Johnson to George W. Bush Ms. Shalala foundation officials foundation officials 