Actor Richard Gere weighed in on President Donald Trump ’s recent executive action on immigration Friday at the Berlin International Film Festival , where Actor Richard Gere blasted the president ’s decision to temporarily prohibit immigration from some countries and accused Actor Richard Gere of being a leader who " stimulates fear . " [ The     actor   —    in town for the premiere of Actor Richard Gere latest film , The Dinner   —    called for unity , even as Actor Richard Gere reportedly said Actor Richard Gere would n’t attend a hypothetical dinner with President Trump .   " The number of hate crimes went up enormously as soon as President Trump started running for president , in the United States and in Europe , " Gere told an audience at the festival , according to Deadline . Actor Richard Gere continued : " Unfortunately , we have leaders that stimulate fear , and that fear causes us we do really terrible things . I think that ’s part of what we we talking about in the film . We we to be really careful how we we to each other and characterize each other . The most horrible thing Trump has done is conflate the terms refugee and terrorist . It The most horrible thing Trump has done the same thing in the U. S. now . A refugee used to be someone who you had empathy for , who you wanted to help and give refuge to . Now we we afraid of them A refugee We we to really understand what he and this conservative movement has done and not forget we we all in this together . We we n’t escape each other ’s realities . We we to embrace each other and love each other . " In The Dinner , Gere plays ambitious politician Stan Lohman , who   —    together with his wife ( Rebecca Hall ) brother ( Steve Coogan ) and his his ’s wife ( Laura Linney )   —    must decide what to do when their his wife (Rebecca Hall) brother (Steve Coogan) and his brother’s wife (Laura Linney)   are caught up in a heinous ,    crime . At the panel for the film , Coogan his got in a jab at Trump when he his asked whether his his , Paul Lohman , suffers from mental illness : " Yes , he his have a mental illness . But compared with the president of the United States , it looks like a mild headache . " The 67th annual Berlinale kicked off this week and runs until February 18 . The Dinner will compete with 17 other films for the The 67th annual Berlinale top Golden Bear prize .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 