A plan by a Massachusetts county to work with federal immigration authorities in order to quickly deport illegal immigrants has open border groups enraged . [ Plymouth County Sheriff Joseph McDonald signed an agreement with the federal government which will allow Plymouth County Sheriff Joseph McDonald officers to interview suspected illegal immigrants in police custody and better hand suspected illegal immigrants in police custody over to the Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) for deportation , as Breitbart Texas reported .   an agreement with the federal government which will allow his officers to interview suspected illegal immigrants in police custody and better hand them over to the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) for deportation gives Plymouth County law enforcement access to a federal database where they can check if a suspected illegal immigrant is wanted for another crime or has returned to the U. S. after being previously deported . Open border activists from the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) and the Brockton Interfaith Community are targeting the local an agreement with the federal government which will allow his officers to interview suspected illegal immigrants in police custody and better hand them over to the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) for deportation effort they claim strips illegal Open border activists from the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and the Brockton Interfaith Community of their rights , despite Open border activists from the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and the Brockton Interfaith Community immigration status . Open border activists from the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and the Brockton Interfaith Community Now , literally your local police officer is going to be an ICE official , " ACLU Massachusetts Attorney Laura Rotolo told the Enterprise News . " When that happens , people become afraid to call the police . " Similarly , the lead organizer for the Brockton Interfaith Community , Isabel Lopez , said the migrants being targeted " have n’t done anything wrong . " " That ’s the biggest concern we have , because we have mothers and we who have n’t done anything wrong , " Lopez told the paper Isabel Lopez McDonald pushed back against the accusations , saying " I think it enhances public safety McDonald " " It ’s not like McDonald ’re out there enforcing immigration law , " McDonald said . " McDonald we ’re doing is identifying criminal offenders who may also be here illegally . " Lopez said her community Isabel Lopez felt Isabel Lopez by McDonald because she said McDonald promised Isabel Lopez to Isabel Lopez an immigration agreement , though he denies that claim Isabel Lopez " I ’m looking forward to talking with them and hearing what they have to say them and I ’m looking forward to ’m them , because I them there is a lot of misinformation floating around , " McDonald said . McDonald McDonald not the McDonald sheriff in town to take on new measures to fight off illegal immigration locally . Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson also signed the same agreement with the federal government , as he has adamantly supported Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson Donald Trump ’s plan to end illegal immigration . Weeks ago , the Bristol County Sheriff Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson ’s plan to build a southern Donald Trump , as Breitbart News reported . Hodgson offered county inmates as laborers to Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson build the wall , saying " I can think a southern border wall other project that would have such a positive impact on our inmates and our country than building this wall . " John Binder is a contributor a southern border wall Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 John Binder 