Mr. Viola ’s nominee for secretary of the Army , abruptly withdrew his name for the post on Friday night after concluding it would be too difficult to untangle himself from his business ties , two government officials said . Mr. himself is an owner of the Florida Panthers hockey club and a majority shareholder in Virtu Financial and Eastern Air Lines , among a number of other business interests . This week The New York Times reported that Mr. Viola had been negotiating to swap his stake in Mr. Viola Lines for a stake in Swift Mr. Viola , an airline with government subcontracts . If his nomination had continued , he would have faced certain scrutiny Mr. Viola potentially becoming a government Mr. Viola who benefits from federal contracts . The Trump administration did not announce his withdrawal , which was reported earlier on Friday by Bloomberg Mr. Viola , but a senior administration official and a Pentagon official separately confirmed his decision , which the White House accepted Friday . Both Mr. Viola spoke on the condition of anonymity . Friday Viola a senior administration official and a Pentagon official 1977 graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point , and he last served in the Army Reserves at the rank of major Mr. Viola He remained connected to the military through donations to West Point , Mr. Viola to the academy ’s Combating Terrorism Center . A former Pentagon official and close friend said Mr. Viola was devastated over having to withdraw from what he described Mr. Viola lifelong dream job . But the former official said Mr. Viola Viola felt he was unable to sell his A former Pentagon official and close friend of Mr. Viola because doing Mr. Viola could have destroyed those Mr. Viola . His decision followed Mr. Viola of negotiations between his lawyers and the government as they Mr. Viola to find a solution . Ultimately Mr. Viola they could not . Mr. Viola has his lawyers and the government net worth of almost $ 1 . 8 his lawyers and the government and is a    of Virtu . Virtu had planned to go public in 2014 , but pulled the plug on the move Virtu of choppy markets and lingering questions around how    trading firms like Virtu make money . In a regulatory filing at the time , Virtu said regulators were Virtu into its trading practices . It is not known if this Virtu played a role in Mr. Virtu ’s decision to Virtu his name for the Army secretary job , which is a post that requires Senate confirmation Mr. Viola’s His decision to withdraw comes the same week another of Mr. Trump ’s appointees , Anthony Mr. Viola’s , was told he would not get a top job at the White House amid concerns about the recent Mr. Viola’s of his company to a large Chinese conglomerate . In an episode unrelated to the finances of Mr. Viola’s Viola , it was recently revealed that he was involved in an altercation in August : He was accused of punching a concessions Mr. Viola’s at a racehorse auction in Saratoga Springs , Mr. Viola’s Y. No charges were brought against him . Mr. Viola was one of the first nominations Mr. Trump issued the day he Mr. Viola’s inaugurated Mr. Viola Vincent Viola , everybody likes Vincent , " Mr. Trump said just Mr. Viola after his    as Mr. Viola orders nominating his cabinet . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 