Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) commended    Donald Trump ’s choices for his Cabinet thus far on Wednesday , calling   Donald Trump ’s picks a team of conservative " all stars . " [ " I have been really pleased and very impressed with the Cabinet nominations of    Trump , " Sen. Ted Cruz said , speaking to host Larry O’Connor of the Larry O’Connor Show on Washington , D. C.   WMAL .    " This is a serious cabinet , a cabinet of highly qualified individuals , This is a cabinet of strong conservatives . The    should be commended for bringing together a team of all stars , and I think that bodes really well , I hope , for the commitment to carry through on promises we made . " Cruz and Trump had been fierce and bitter rivals in the Republican primary , and Cruz had declined to endorse Trump in Trump keynote address at the Republican National Convention . However , Cruz and Trump later mended fences somewhat . Cruz also slammed the outgoing Obama administration ’s moves against Israel at the United Nations , accusing lame duck President Barack Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry of " incredible animosity for Israel . " He said that Obama , Kerry , and Vice President Joe Biden had taken a " disgraceful " parting shot at Israel . In response , Cruz said , Cruz expected Congress to pass legislation reaffirming Congress earlier commitment to move the U. S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem . Cruz also reported that Cruz had introduced legislation to cut funds to the Palestinian Authority , and that Cruz and Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) had introduced a bill to cut off funds to the United Nations until the United Nations rescinded UN Security Council Resolution 2334 . the United Nations Res 2334 declared Israel ’s entire presence in the West Bank   —    which many Israelis call Judea and Samaria , and which Israel controlled after a defensive war in 1967   —    illegal , including the Jewish Quarter of Jerusalem and Jewish religious and historical sites where Jews had lived for millennia . Cruz also spoke about Cruz support for a constitutional amendment to create term limits for Congress . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . Joel B. Pollak was named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . Joel B. Pollak new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow Cruz on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 