Hillary Clinton is reportedly in the process of launching a PAC that will act as a " quiet catalyst " for some of Hillary Clinton pet causes . [ PAC is not intended to be something that the former 2016 Democratic presidential nominee will use to run for office herself one day , but it PAC help congressional candidates in the 2018 election , Axios reported Wednesday .   A source told Axios Axios the PAC primarily work with groups that began after President Trump ’s election , but it will PAC work with existing groups that have risen in prominence as a result of the election President Trump’s election has already begun meeting with some of these groups , existing groups that have risen in prominence as a result of the election A source Clinton is also back on Clinton speaking circuit , represented by the Harry Walker Agency . Although it is unknown what her speaking fees are as Clinton May 2017 , Clinton fetched up to $ Clinton , 000 a speech for a series of speeches to Goldman Sachs , and charged UCLA up to $ 300 , 000 for a speech in 2014 , When UCLA officials tried to negotiate UCLA reduced rate as a public university , Clinton ’s representatives from the Clinton Agency told them the Harry Walker Agency 000 is the " UCLA officials university rate . " Clinton is also writing a book Clinton is set to be released in September 2017 . Although it does not yet have a title , it is already available to    on Amazon . it said she took responsibility for Clinton election Clinton in 2016 Tuesday Clinton an interview with CNN ’s Christiane Amanpour . " If the election had been on Oct. 27 , I would be your president , " she said . " It was Clinton a perfect campaign   —    there is no such thing   —    but I was on the way to winning until a combination of Jim Comey ’s letter on Oct. 28 and Russian WikiLeaks raised doubts in the minds of people who were inclined to vote for me and got scared off . Clinton Clinton also mentioned that she is now an " activist " and part Clinton " the resistance . " " I ’m now back to being an activist citizen , and part of the resistance , " she said . 
 Clinton the resistance 