TEL AVIV   —    Radio talk show star Mark Levin slammed President Donald Trump for playing " footsie " with " known terrorist " Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , saying , " This is turning into Obama 2 . 0 . " [ On "known terrorist" Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas program on Monday , Radio talk show star Mark Levin also criticized President Donald Trump for seemingly being on the road to backtracking on Radio talk show star Mark Levin campaign promise to move the U. S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem .   Listen below : " Why is the president of the United States playing footsie with Abbas , who is a known terrorist ? " Radio talk show star Mark Levin asked . " Abbas dresses nicely , Abbas comes to the U. S. and Abbas makes what people consider reasonable demands and then when Abbas goes back , the [ PA ] continue[s ] to fund terrorism , people continue to encourage people children in elementary schools   —    and even in preschool   —    to become suicide bombers . I ’m not even talking about Hamas , I ’m talking about Fatah   —    the moderates ! " Abbas , who Levin notes received his PhD for a thesis denying the Holocaust , is a " gruesome , loathsome , genocidal maniac who is treated as if his ’s some kind of statesman . " Trump met with Abbas on May 3 in Washington and is due to meet Trump again next week in Bethlehem during Trump visit to Israel . According to Levin , Trump " may not be informed " and instead has been placing Levin trust in people like Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and " military bureaucrat " H. R. McMaster , Trump ’s national security advisor , both of whom , Levin argued , are " pushing the agenda " that a two state solution is still possible . Levin said , " So quickly and easily has the president of the United States fallen into the lap of the leftists , of the bureaucrats , of the State Department , of the swamp . " Moroever , Levin said , despite Trump’s ’s " vigorous and unequivocal " campaign pledge to move the U. S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , Levin now appears to be " betraying that promise . " " Why did the president of the United States say he the president of the United States move our the U. S. embassy from Tel Aviv Jerusalem when Jerusalem the president of the United States n’t mean it ? " he the president of the United States . Levin referred to Tillerson ’s remarks to NBC ’s Meet the Press   —    an interview the radio host said was " an abomination "   —    in which the secretary of state said the impact of an embassy move on a future peace deal was being considered and the president " was listening to input from all interested parties . " " What is the president ’s obsession now with a peace negotiation ? Where did this come from ? In many respects a two state solution for Israel is a final solution for Israel , Israel Levin said . Later on the show , Levin lambasted Levin for using the phrase " Israel and Israel " when the latter does not yet exist , saying Tillerson " Tillerson just given the Palestinians , effectively , a country . " " I am stunned . I am shocked at how quickly the president of the United States reversed course and appears to have sold out . " I hope I ’m wrong . I hope I ’m wrong ’m Nothing effectively has been done yet , but this is really quite shocking to me . ’m 
 