Monday on his nationally syndicated radio show , conservative talker Rush Limbaugh maintained a House Intelligence Committee hearing that featured testimony from FBI Director James Comey and NSA Director Michael Rogers was meant to send a message to Trump   .   conservative talker Rush Limbaugh argued that although there were some good questions from Republicans members during the hearing , it was meant to be a warning shot at Trump   —    allow Washington Republicans to run the town or face possible impeachment . Partial transcript as follows ( courtesy of RushLimbaugh . com ) : These hearings today , what happened last week and the week before that , what happened during the transition period   …      What all of this is can be explained simply by saying , " Look at how terrified they are in the    York establishment , of Donald Trump and draining the swamp . " The Never Trumpers on both sides of the aisle . There are conservative Never Trumpers today celebrating over the fact that Comey made it official that there ’s an investigation of Trump and colluding with the Donald Trump . These people know that there there’s an investigation of Trump and colluding with the Russians any evidence of this , but that does n’t matter . What everybody in Washington supports is the smearing , the slander , and the libel of Donald Trump . And these Donald Trump ? The FBI director , James Comey , is trying to save the jobs of a lot of people . He ’s trying to save the careers The FBI director, James Comey a whole lot of people   —    his included   —    in , The FBI director, James Comey think , an inappropriate way . And the Republicans in this committee ? Look folks , I ’ve been waiting . I ’ve been patiently waiting . I ’ve been trying to hold it , keep the powder dry . this committee the Republicans on this committee   …      I know this committee , and they ’re gon na this committee on all day . But so far , outside of Trey Gowdy and a question from Peter King and Devin Nunes the chairman , there just has n’t been much . For example , " Are you still investigating the Clinton Foundation , Director Comey ? " " I ca n’t say . " By the way , Comey said he got special permission to reveal this Comey . Comey gave him that special permission ? He said he went Comey special permission to reveal this investigation Justice Comey Who Comey over there ? Who runs that ? That it would be Jeff Sessions . The Trump administration itself granted permission for Comey to announce this Trump administration ) Comey , no . My point there is that there ’s no attempted    of anything going on there . The Trump administration could very well have said , Jeff Sessions could have said Trump administration , look , Jeff Sessions just like you Comey last summer about Hillary : We do n’t detail ongoing investigations . " But he today was given permission to do just Trump administration Comey and he ’s running with it . And the whole Comey of this today   —    and , by the way , it does n’t mean I ’m not gon na go through this and give you what the real news of these hearings is today and what the backdrop of all this is . Because there ’s a really salient factor that ’s driving this from the Democrat side that is never going to be reported or commented on , which I ’m going to touch on myself today . But , as I say , the purpose of this is to further the the whole point of this today  —    that Trump is illegitimate , that he should not be president , that his election was the result of tampering by the Russians Trump So the objective is that Trump Trump stops this reform business he ’s got , stops this     stuff , and starts Trump the Washington Republicans run the Trump again , or they ’re gon na impeach him . That ’s the message being sent today : " You the Washington Republicans straighten up and fly Trump or you ’re gone . " " We ’re coming for you , " is the message of these hearings today . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 