New York Mayor Bill DeBlasio told CNN that New York Mayor Bill DeBlasio approves of the idea of shielding from deportation any illegal alien arrested for drunk driving . [ During an interview on CNN ’s State of the Union , host Jake Tapper pointed out to New York Mayor Bill DeBlasio that the City of New York refuses to cooperate with the federal government to deport illegal aliens who have been convicted of drunk driving and grand larceny . Tapper host Jake Tapper on to ask why the the City of New York so quick to shield such dangerous criminals from deportation .   Tapper host Jake Tapper asked DeBlasio New York Mayor Bill DeBlasio a response to the recent order President Donald Trump signed stating that federal grant money will be stripped " from the sanctuary states and cities that harbor illegal immigrants . " DeBlasio New York Mayor Bill DeBlasio the move and insisted he New York Mayor Bill DeBlasio " tearing families apart " over a " small offense " such as drunk driving . DeBlasio New York Mayor Bill DeBlasio these " small " crimes do n’t merit deportation , but for " any serious and violent crime , we ’re going to work with " the federal government . Still , DeBlasio New York Mayor Bill DeBlasio that drunk driving could easily be seen as a lesser offense . " Drunk driving that does not lead to any other negative outcome , I could define as that , " DeBlasio New York Mayor Bill DeBlasio before going on to say , " Someone commits a minor offense   …      let ’s say someone went through a stop sign , they could be deported for that and their family they be torn apart and you could have children left behind where the breadwinner in the family their family back to a home country , that is not good for anyone . " Of course , if someone is picked up and scheduled for deportation after being detained during a traffic stop , it is n’t the running of a stop sign that gets him deported it someone being in the country illegally a home country driving is not generally seen as a " small offense . " Nearly 10 , 000 Americans are killed by drunk drivers every year , according to The Hill newspaper . Indeed , for years many activists have criticized what they feel are chronically many activists drunk driving laws in many states in the U. S. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 