Outsourcing firms , which supply major U. S. companies with thousands of foreign workers , are being    by the Trump White House . [ During a the Trump White House briefing on the issue of the    visa , where some 650 , 000 foreign workers are in the U. S. at any given moment , specifically mentioned three outsourcing firms that are working to replace Americans with foreign labor : Tata Consultancy Services , Infosys , and Cognizant .   " Just to illustrate a little bit more how the lottery works    —    so some companies oftentimes are called outsourcing firms , " the White the Trump White House statement reads . " You may know their names well , but like the top recipients of the    visa are companies like Tata , Infosys , Cognizant   —    they will the top recipients of the   visa for a very large number of visas , more than they get the top recipients of the   visa by putting extra tickets in the lottery raffle , if you will , and then they ’ll the top recipients of the   visa the lion ’s share of visas " the statement continues . " Which is very different than I think how most people think of the    program   —    they imagine how most people for more   —    being for   —    again , they would how most people of it as it for skilled domestic work , rather than contract work . " " And those three companies are companies that have an average wage for H1B visas between $ 60 , 000 and $ 65 , 000 , " the statement read . " By contrast , the median Silicon Valley software engineer ’s wage is probably around $ 150 , 000 . " The White House briefing went on to call out the abuses associated with the    visa program , where companies like MassMutual Insurance hires Cognizant to fire hundreds of their American companies like MassMutual Insurance to hire cheaper , foreign workers to do their jobs foreign workers " And you ’ve seen some of these    examples where you have career employees at a company who have been working there for 10 , 20 years , and then they get career employees off and they hire career employees contracting firm using H1B workers at much less pay , " the statement said . " And again , this is an issue that labor unions have called attention to for a long time . " The White House also mentioned that reforms of the    visa and other foreign guest worker visa programs must be accomplished through rulemaking , executive orders , and Congress . Attorney John Miano , who    the    exposé Sold Out with Michelle Malkin , told Breitbart Texas that the move by the Trump Administration is a step in the right direction , but said it was not the      to reform . " It ’s it step in the right direction that they ’re calling attention to problems in the program . You ca n’t criticize them for they that , " Miano said . This year alone , Infosys , Tata Consulting Service , and Cognizant asked for a combined total of almost 44 , 000    visas , something Miano says Miano a misuse of what the program the program for . " One of the things is that we have this whole business of importing labor to fill jobs , " Miano told Breitbart Miano . " If this was supposed to be for jobs that Americans ca n’t fill , then this whole system of contract labor should not exist in   . A lot of companies are doing this . It ’s becoming this brokerage . " While the Trump Administration issued an executive order demanding a legal review by the Department of Justice , the Department of Homeland Security and the Labor Department into abuses by    visa program , as Breitbart News reported , Miano says more must be done . " In reality , you have to tackle them by going through the regulations . They ’re hundreds them pages long . It takes an army of lawyers , " Miano said . Miano The big problems in this program ,   visa program does n’t have the power to fix , a lot of this has to be done by Congress . " John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at John Binder . 
 