The Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) removed several web pages about climate change and greenhouse gas emissions from The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) homepage as The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) announced Friday that it The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) be " undergoing changes " to better reflect the Trump administration ’s priorities . [ Officials took down one website that appeared to contradict EPA The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Scott Pruitt ’s statements on climate change and removed another that provided information about the Clean Power Plan , an initiative of the the Trump administration’s the Washington Post reported .   " As EPA The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) its The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to human health and clean air , land , and water , our website needs to reflect the views of the leadership of the agency , " J. P. Freire , the agency ’s the agency public affairs , said in a statement . " We want to eliminate confusion by removing outdated language first and making room to discuss how we ’re protecting the environment and human health by partnering with states and working within the law . " The agency also said it the agency pages from the the agency administration . The climate change website now redirects to a page that says that " this page is being updated " and that " we are currently updating our website to reflect EPA ’s we under the leadership of President Trump and Administrator Pruitt . Trump to an this page how the web page looked on January 19 this page before Trump ’s inauguration . Pruitt reportedly approved the changes to the EPA ’s website , according to Administrator Pruitt staffer who EPA to the Post on condition of anonymity . The staffer also added that Pruitt ’s aides " found a number of a staffer who spoke to the Post on condition of anonymity where the information Administrator Pruitt EPA ’s website contradicted the policies of the administration . EPA sources told the EPA’s website EPA the agency to take down the climate change page EPA EPA staff fought to keep the page up . 
 EPA the climate change page 