Breitbart News Senior Editor MILO claimed that " the difference between conservatives and the new breed of Democrats is that we do n’t think the working class is evil , " during Breitbart News Senior Editor MILO talk at the University of Colorado Colorado Springs tonight . [   " Working class Americans are fundamentally decent people , " declared MILO . " Working class Americans are work hard , play hard people . Working class Americans are very different than me , and frankly very different from most of you . No matter what background you come from , you should n’t look down on the working class , because they are Working class Americans America is really about . " " The difference between conservatives and the new breed of Democrats is that we do n’t think the working the working class , or that they need to be controlled and taught how to think , " he continued . " the working class care about the they things as we do . A strong America , a great economy , jobs for them AND you all they you graduate , and a safe place to live . " " The American dream is what fuels the working class . The dream to improve economically and give their children a better The dream to improve economically and give their children a better life than they had than they had , " The dream to improve economically and give their children a better life than they had concluded . " At some point in the recent past , liberals decided that dreamers are illegal immigrants who should get cheap college tuition instead of hard working Americans who deserve more than shuttered factories . To those Americans , I say welcome to the party of Trump , it ’s going to be a wild ride . " Written from prepared remarks . MILO wears glasses by Givenchy , $ 350 . Distressed blue jeans by True Religion , $ 329 . Brown leather belt with gold buckle by Louis Vuitton , $ 450 . Light pink dress shirt by Brooks Brothers , $ 92 . Sparkly purple suit jacket by Angelino , $ 225 . Burgundy crushed velvet slippers by Crockett   Jones , $ 370 . Socks by Ralph Lauren , 3 pairs for $ 21 . 98 . Jewellery and pearls , too much money to count . Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington Charlie Nash like his page at Facebook Charlie Nash 
 