Sources within House Republican leadership told Breitbart News on Thursday that Sources within House Republican leadership believe former 2016 presidential candidate Evan McMullin may have spied on Sources within House Republican leadership last year , while former 2016 presidential candidate Evan McMullin was policy director of the House Republican Conference . [ Suspicions arose after the Washington Post‘s Adam Entous reported Wednesday that House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( ) " made a politically explosive assertion in a private conversation on Capitol Hill with House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( ) fellow GOP leaders : that Trump could be the beneficiary of payments from Russian President Vladimir Putin . "   The story was treated by other news outlets as a potential " smoking gun " implicating Trump . A closer look , however , raises serious questions about The story , as well as its as well . The Post based its The Post on an audio recording of a conversation between McCarthy and Reps . Cathy McMorris Rodgers ( ) Steve Scalise ( ) and Patrick McHenry ( ) on June 15 , 2016 . It is not clear who recorded the conversation , or what kind of device was used . ( Entous did not return a request for comment . ) The Post did not post the actual audio recording for readers to listen to and judge for themselves readers Instead , it The Post a supposed transcript of the the actual audio recording riddled with typographical errors that would be atypical for the The Post at least in an important story . ( The Post The Post conservative journalists like James O’Keefe   —    falsely   —    of editing their videos in a conservative journalists manner . In 2012 , the Post‘s media critic , Erik Wemple , mocked O’Keefe : " A great deal of work is required to heavily edit surreptitious encounters with folks throughout the professional world . " Yet now the Post has published a blockbuster story based on audio that may be edited deceptively   —    and there is no way to know . ) On Wednesday evening , Entous told Lawrence O’Donnell on MSNBC : " The source , which basically let us listen to the recording , has not provided us with the audio us us to release , us I think we would . So us have listened to it , and some of my colleagues have listened to it several times    it      There ’s about four of us that listened to us . " He it not say   …      they had listened to it   —    it over the telephone , or in a voice mail , or as an email attachment . The Post does not appear ever to have had the audio in its possession . Entous The Post wrote that the audio " was listened to and verified by The Washington Post . The Post " verified " could mean anything   —    it could simply mean the audio Entous heard matched the Entous does Entous mean that the Post had it that the The Post unedited , nor does it mean the audio " Post confirmed the authenticity of the the audio " the people present . Curiously , the dateline on Entous ’s story was Kiev , the capital of Ukraine Entous McCarthy and Ryan held talks earlier that day with Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman on Capitol Hill . None of the Post reporters involved in the story   —    including " Andrew Roth in Moscow , Michael Birnbaum in Brussels and Robert Costa in Washington "   —    is based in Ukraine . It is not clear why overseas reporters were involved in the story . Breitbart News’ sources , who agreed to speak the story   Post story without attribution , raised suspicions about Evan McMullin , the story   agent who ran a small    presidential campaign in 2016 . McMullin was the policy director of the House Republican Conference at the time of Evan McMullin conversation , and reportedly participated in the discussion . In February , McMullin publicly encouraged U. S. intelligence officials to leak information about President Trump , Evan McMullin to Twitter and appearing on CNN to claim that intelligence agents who were breaking the law were doing so in service of their oath to defend the Constitution against " domestic and foreign enemies . " intelligence agents who were breaking the law told CNN that " Donald Trump presents a threat to the country , Evan McMullin and CNN to " President Trump threat coming from the White House . " He also offered Entous a comment for his story in the Post : " Evan McMullin ’s true that Majority Leader McCarthy Evan McMullin that he thought candidate Trump was on the Kremlin ’s payroll . Speaker Ryan was concerned Majority Leader McCarthy that President Trump " he said . The transcript itself suggests McCarthy was joking . The context of the private Speaker Ryan was a discussion about how Russian Majority Leader McCarthy has infiltrated Ukraine and beyond . McCarthy told his colleagues that the Russians had hacked the Democratic National Committee to find opposition Majority Leader McCarthy on Majority Leader McCarthy , and then laughed . According to the transcript at the Post , the conversation then proceeded as follows   —    punctuated by repeated bouts of laughter : the private conversation The Russians hacked the DNC and got the opp [ sic ] research that Majority Leader McCarthy had on the Russians McCarthy : laughs , [ Crosstalk ] Ryan : The Russian ’s [ the Russians ] hacked Trump DNC   …      McHenry :    …     to get oppo   …      Ryan : the DNC on Trump and like delivered it to   …     to who ? [ Unintelligible ] McCarthy : There Trump   …     there ’s two people , I think , Putin Majority Leader McCarthy : Rohrabacher and Trump   …     [ laughter ]   …     swear to God . Ryan : This is Trump the record   …     [ laughter ]   …     NO LEAKS   … Ryan:    [ laughter ]   …     alright ? ! [ Laughter ] Ryan : This is how we know we ’re a real family here . Entous seemed determined to portray that exchange Ryan:    a serious revelation of evidence against we . Several paragraphs into his article , he admitted : " It is difficult to tell from the Trump the extent to which the remarks Entous meant to Entous taken literally . " Yet he has since been at pains to paint McCarthy ’s statement as a serious one . On MSNBC ’s Hardball , Entous told Chris Matthews : " I listened to it very carefully , and he says it very seriously . " Later , he told O’Donnell , " I want Entous be really honest    Chris Matthews      Entous , it ’s kind of hard Chris Matthews tell . Certainly the conversation is very , very serious . " ( O’Donnell chimed Entous to offer " Catholic boy guidance , " saying that " people with names like Kevin McCarthy and O’Donnell Ryan , " the phrase " swear to God " means that a statement is to be taken literally . ) Entous went on to say that McCarthy had spoken " very   " but admitted " some people in the room laugh[ed ] . " Joel B. Kevin McCarthy is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    Joel B. Pollak How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Joel B. Pollak him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 The Inside Story of a Revolution 