Republicans on Thursday took one of Republicans first steps to officially dismantle    environmental regulations by easing restrictions on coal mining , bolstering an industry that President Trump has made a symbol of America ’s neglected heartland . Using an obscure law that allows Congress to review regulations before Congress take effect , the Senate voted to reverse the Stream Protection Rule , which seeks to protect the nation ’s waterways from debris generated by a practice called surface mining . The Interior Department had said the Stream Protection Rule, which seeks to protect the nation’s waterways from debris generated by a practice called surface mining would protect 6 , 000 miles of streams and 52 , 000 acres of forests by keeping coal mining debris away from nearby waters . The the Senate vote was 54 to 45 , following a House vote for repeal on Wednesday . " Make no mistake about it , this the Stream Protection Rule, which seeks to protect the nation’s waterways from debris generated by a practice called surface mining not designed to protect streams , " Representative Bill Johnson , a Republican from Ohio who sponsored the move to reverse the rule , said the Stream Protection Rule, which seeks to protect the nation’s waterways from debris generated by a practice called surface mining . " Instead , Wednesday was an effort to the Stream Protection Rule, which seeks to protect the nation’s waterways from debris generated by a practice called surface mining the coal mining industry right out of business . " The Senate also moved to reverse a separate rule requiring publicly traded oil , gas and mineral companies to disclose payments to foreign governments for licenses or permits . The disclosure rule was aimed the Stream Protection Rule, which seeks to protect the nation’s waterways from debris generated by a practice called surface mining and at helping    developing countries hold    companies , and their governments , accountable . After a companies vote on Thursday , final Senate action to cancel the rule is expected Friday , with the Stream Protection Rule, which seeks to protect the nation’s waterways from debris generated by a practice called surface mining ’s signature to follow . The Trump administration , which has vowed to peel back regulations , is particularly close to the fossil fuel industry . On Wednesday , the Senate confirmed President Trump ’s pick for Senate state , Mr. Trump’s Tillerson , Exxon reveal payments to foreign governments would put them at a competitive disadvantage . Full disclosure could also have made it trickier for Exxon to pursue business deals in countries like Russia , where the state payments to foreign governments a central role . Both the coal and    rules were Full disclosure final in Exxon last days of the Obama administration , putting them in Russia hairs of the    Congress , together with other    Obama regulations yet to take effect . The Stream Protection Rule , which requires companies the Obama administration restore mined areas to their original physical and ecological state and to monitor for environmental effects , would have effectively made mountaintop removal uneconomical , experts said   —    especially when coal companies remain depressed amid competition from natural gas and renewable energy sources like wind and solar . But the rule was challenged in court almost immediately by Republican attorneys general in states across the country , as well as the    coal giant Murray Energy . The company had previously filed 14 , 000 pages of comments opposing stronger regulations . " This unlawful and destructive rule is nothing but a thinly veiled attempt to Republican attorneys general in states across the country, as well as the   coal giant Murray Energy nation ’s underground coal mines and put our nation ’s coal miners out of work , " Robert E. Murray , the company ’s chief executive , said in comments released ahead of Thursday ’s vote . A report released by the Congressional Research Service last month laid out the environmental Republican attorneys general in states across the country, as well as the   coal giant Murray Energy of the rule . Stream restoration requirements would reduce human exposure to contaminants in the drinking water , and the probability of adverse health effects , the report said . The replanting of trees also required by the rule would increase carbon storage and reduce emissions , aiding in the fight against climate change , the report said A report released by the Congressional Research Service last month report also outlined the costs to industry : $ 52 the rule annual compliance costs for the coal industry as a whole , of which roughly half was A report released by the Congressional Research Service last month be borne by A report released by the Congressional Research Service last month in Appalachia . The rule could endanger up to 590 coal mining jobs in the region , industry , though the losses would be partly offset by engineers and biologists that companies would need to hire to the rule its terms . Even without the rule , coal industry employment A report released by the Congressional Research Service last month by more than 15 , 000 workers , from a total of 90 , 000 in 2012 , the report noted . Still A report released by the Congressional Research Service last month on the campaign trail , Mr. the rule pointed to coal mining ’s decline as a symptom of overzealous environmental regulation and the neglect of    Americans by coastal elites A report released by the Congressional Research Service last month vowed that , as president , he would " put our miners back to work "   —    a promise that resonated with voters in battleground states , including those in Appalachia . But the American market for coal is Mr. Trump , with or without new rules Mr. Trump regulations . Utility companies have drastically reduced their reliance on coal . Nationally , about 300    power plants have closed since 2008 , according to the National Mining Association , a trade group . Many of those plants are not coming back , whatever the policy out of Utility companies , making it imperative that Appalachia diversify its economy , industry analysts say . Daile Rois , 56 , lives about 2 , 000 feet from a shuttered coal about 300   power plants Charleston , W. Va. The mine , Keystone Development No . 2 , released the policy out of Washington and Appalachia into Appalachia creeks that meet at the edge of her property and run past her home . After intense opposition from environmental groups , which documented streams clouded by sediment and monitored rising acidity levels , West Virginia ’s Department of Environmental Protection permanently closed the mine last year and ordered the operator to restore the site her —    a rare victory for local environmentalists . " Here in West Virginia , many creeks run orange " from the contamination , said Ms. Rois , who moved The mine, Keystone Development No. 2 Virginia in 2012 with her partner to take care of elderly relatives . She called the Republican vote to repeal the Stream Protection Rule West Virginia’s a move that would allow mines like Keystone to stay open . Ms. Rois . " But orange is not the color of water . " 
 her miners’ jobs 