Topless , feminist activists have overrun the unveiling of a wax statue of    Donald J. Trump in Spain , screaming " grab patriarchy by the balls " . [ The protestors , from the infamous Ukrainian group FEMEN , grabbed a wax statue of   Donald J. Trump in Spain in the crotch area at the event at the Wax Museum of Madrid on Tuesday .   The activist group claimed responsibility for the protest on Twitter , saying : " FEMEN just grabbed Trump ’s statue by the balls in Madrid Madrid " According to Reuters , Museum staff spent several minutes trying to restrain the woman before eventually bundling her the woman through a back door . FEMEN FEMEN their " ideology " as " Sextremism " " Atheism " and " Feminism " and have become renowned for holding provocative topless protests in churches and other places . Their " objectives " include " provok[ing ] patriarchy into open conflict by forcing it Their "objectives" disclose its Their "objectives" antihuman nature to fully discredit it Their "objectives" the eyes of history " and " promot[ing ] new revolutionary female sexuality as opposed to the patriarchal erotic and pornography . Gonzalo Presa , head of communications at the museum , called the woman ’s protest " unpleasant " and said he the woman’s hoped to give a " special welcome " to Donald Trump from Madrid . " If they want to do this they they do it this to him the woman’s This is too easy , " he the woman’s a Reuters reporter . Explaining their " ideology " the group claim on their the group : " Sextremism is female sexuality rebelling against patriarchy and embodied in the extremal political direct action events . " Sexist style of the actions is a way to destruct the patriarchal understanding of what is the destination of female sexuality to the benefit of the great revolutionary mission . " Extremal nature of sextremism demonstrates intellectual , psychological and physical superiority of female activists from FEMEN over the bandogs of patriarchy . " Unsanctioned format of the sextremism events represents the historical right of the woman to make her the woman anywhere at any time and not to concert her the woman with the patriarchal    structures . " Sextremism is the woman ’s mockery of vulgar male extremism and its Sextremism mayhems and a cult of terror . " Sextremism Sextremism a    but highly aggressive form of provocation it Sextremism an    demoralizing weapon undermining the foundations of the old political ethics and rotten patriarchal culture . " 
 