The disruptions caused by protesters at Los Angeles International airport caused ESPN host Sage Steele to miss a flight . Now ESPN host Sage Steele is under attack for jumping to Instagram to rail about the protests that caused ESPN host Sage Steele such inconvenience . [ On Friday , President Trump issued President Trump temporary moratorium on immigration from a list of seven countries the Obama administration had flagged as " countries of concern " back in 2015 . Almost immediately liberal activists flooded into several big city airports across the country to protest the order .   One of those groups of disruptors descended upon LAX just as NBA Countdown host Steele was attempting to catch a flight , the Philadelphia Inquirer reported . Steele complained that the protesters caused Steele to walk nearly two miles in order to catch a flight to Houston and delayed Steele long enough for Steele to miss a flight to Houston . Steele felt exasperated enough to jump on Steele Instagram account and decry the protesters for causing " elderly and parents with small children " to have to walk long distances to reach flights . " I love witnessing people exercise their right people protest ! But it saddened me to see the joy on their faces people that they were people in disrupting so many people ’s travel plans , " she added .   But not long after posting her complaint she some of her sports she colleagues began to slam her for she the protesters . On Twitter , Sports Illustrated writer Michael Silver slapped Steele , saying the protesters the protesters right " for doing what they did . the protesters standing up for what ’s right provokes inconvenience and all   …      https :   .    —    Michael Silver ( Michael Silver January 30 , 2017 ,   Steele replied that Silver Steele n’t Sports Illustrated writer Michael Silver read what she wrote . @MikeSilver Steele , more effective ways to do it , Silver !     my post .   Do n’t worry   —    we can arm wrestle over it this week in Houston ,   —    Sage Steele ( @sagesteele ) January 30 , 2017 ,   Julie    another wealthy , white reporter for ESPN , also chided Steele for her Instagram Steele . Steele understand the inconvenience of missing a flight etc , but why people are protesting    inhumane    is much bigger    that . https :   .    —    Julie    ( @JSB_TV ) January 30 , 2017 ,   Steele again replied that Steele must have missed the part where she said she supports    protesting    their political ideals and told    to    her Instagam post .    has engaged in Steele debate in the past . Last year she slammed the players Steele the national anthem , warning people to " look up the word democracy . " Hey @MikeEvans13 _ look up definition of the word DEMOCRACY   remember this pic while    your right to protest # perspective pic . twitter .    —    Sage Steele ( @sagesteele ) November 14 , 2016 ,   The ESPNer also slammed African Americans for attacking other African Americans for having African Americans run contrary to the    wisdom . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 