A bill to curtail the number of Americans being replaced by foreign guest workers through the    visa " would have zero impact " on the program , according to an expert on the issue . [ Reps . Derek Kilmer ( ) and Doug Collins ( ) have reintroduced the " Keeping American Jobs Act " which Reps. Derek Kilmer ( ) and Doug Collins ( ) claim will tackle abuses of the    foreign guest worker visa .   " The Keeping American Jobs Act protects American workers by preventing bad actors from abusing the system in order to offshore jobs , " Doug Collins ( ) told Live Mint . " Companies have the opportunity to bring workers from overseas on    visas in the event that qualified Americans are n’t available , but we ca n’t allow the law to be exploited to displace American workers and send American workers jobs abroad , " Doug Collins ( ) continued . But , NumbersUSA ’s Director of Government Relations Rosemary Jenks said the congressmen are " misunderstanding " what the    visa program actually does , as far as Americans being replaced by cheaper , foreign workers . " This does n’t have any impact on outsourcing jobs , " NumbersUSA’s Director of Government Relations Rosemary Jenks told Breitbart Texas . " ’s are coming here . This shows a misunderstanding of the entire    program .    has nothing to do with moving jobs abroad . " Some 85 , 000 foreign workers are allotted jobs in the U. S. every year under the    visa program , often leaving Americans to train their replacements . NumbersUSA’s Director of Government Relations Rosemary Jenks told Breitbart Texas that this    bill is not actually reform at all , and instead is " just another case of Members of Congress being sadly confused . " " This is pathetic , " NumbersUSA’s Director of Government Relations Rosemary Jenks said . They need to actually understand what the    program is . This would have zero impact . " The this   bill that it would this   bill prevent the transfer of knowledge from United States workers for the purpose of facilitating their jobs United States workers moved abroad . " Nonetheless , while U. S. jobs have been shipped overseas in order for companies to pay less for workers , that issue is entirely unrelated to the abuses of the    visa . The    the   visa unpopular with American voters . As Breitbart Texas reported , only 30 percent of Americans say companies bringing in foreign workers to fill jobs is necessary . Additionally , some 44 percent said those foreign workers take jobs away . The vast majority of Americans also said the number of    visas allotted every year to companies should either be decreased or kept at the current levels . The use of the    visa was panned by President Donald Trump on the campaign trail last year , often holding rallies with fired Disney and tech industry employees who were forced to train their replacements . However , White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer has said the    abuses are not a reform priority for the Trump Administration this year , as last year reported . John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas @JxhnBinder . John Binder 