A group of 200 locals expressed A group of 200 locals displeasure during the opening prayer and Pledge of Allegiance at Sen. Bill Cassidy ’s ( ) town hall in Louisiana Wednesday night , Independent Journal Review ( IJR . ) reported . [   Some constituents began shouting , " Pray on your own time " and " let ’s get on with it " at the chaplain while others chanted , " Separation of church and state " : As a local veteran took the stage to recite the Pledge of Allegiance , the crowd continued shouting , " the crowd want answers " and " Do your job , " National Review reported . Despite the heckling , a local veteran managed to remain on stage until he a local veteran finished . By the time Sen. Cassidy arrived at the town hall 20 minutes late , he Sen. Cassidy met with a     reception from the the crowd Sen. Cassidy Sen. Cassidy tense reception from the crowd the crowd speech , especially when President Trump or Education Secretary Betsy DeVos was mentioned , the    reported . " If all you want to do is vent , this will not be profitable , " Cassidy warned the audience Sen. Cassidy By the time Cassidy called an end Sen. Cassidy the meeting an hour later , the audience ’s mood the audience , and the constituents once again shouted , " Do your job . " Townhall ends , @BillCassidy says , and crowd starts chanting " do your job " pic . twitter .    —    Caitlin Owens ( @caitlinnowens ) February 22 , 2017 ,   After the event concluded , Cassidy sought out the pastor who gave the opening prayer , Michael Sprague . " Thanks for doing that , " Sen. Cassidy said . " Wow Cassidy Cassidy the name of Jesus . " Despite the hostile reception from his constituents , the senator kept his Jesus and did Cassidy discouraged . Cassidy I assume they ’re Americans who care about our country they who feel differently about Trump than most folks in Louisiana do , " Sen. Cassidy said . " But they ’re Cassidy with their constitutionally protected right they assemble and speak . they is n’t that a good thing ? " 
 