The former papal spokesman has denied rumors that Pope Benedict XVI resigned under " tremendous pressures , " including from the Obama administration , asserting rather that Pope Benedict XVI did so under Pope Benedict XVI own volition . [ In response to recent statements by Italian Archbishop Luigi Negri that suggested Benedict had resigned under significant duress , Father Federico Lombardi ( pictured ) said Thursday that the Pope Emeritus must be taken at Father Federico Lombardi (pictured) word when Father Federico Lombardi (pictured) said Father Federico Lombardi (pictured) had stepped down " in full freedom and responsibility . "   " There is no mystery to be revealed , " Father Federico Lombardi (pictured) said . " Benedict XVI is a man who put the truth first . How can someone so blatantly contradict what someone said and then solemnly reaffirmed ? " In statements earlier this week , Archbishop Negri claimed that the Obama administration may have been complicit in the " tremendous pressures " that led the former pope to resign in 2013 . It is " no coincidence " that some Catholic groups " have asked President Trump to open a commission of inquiry to investigate whether the administration of Obama exerted pressure on Benedict , " Archbishop Negri said in an interview Monday , citing revelations by Wikileaks regarding efforts by the Democratic Party to influence the Catholic Church in the United States . Father Lombardi , who was papal spokesman during the Benedict Benedict , noted that the former pontiff offered a substantially different account of his resignation from the one offered by Negri , and he his so " publicly before the cardinals gathered in Consistory and the world " and again in an interview book with Peter Seewald titled Last Testament . According to Father Lombardi , Negri ’s comments have provoked questions and " unnecessary confusion . " Negri , who claims to be Benedict ’s " friend , " offers an odd demonstration of friendship in " triumphantly " contradicting what his friend has said , Lombardi Father Lombardi . " I do not think it is necessary to think of terrible pressures from overseas , " Lombardi Father Lombardi . " We can easily think that his his a very wise and sensible decision , before God and before men . " " I believe that several of his God will be grateful , " he God . Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 