Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) started off Monday night ’s CNN town hall with Chris Cuomo delivering biting words against    Donald Trump , calling Chris Cuomo a " pathological liar , " before going on to praise Chris Cuomo for winning the presidency when an audience member asked Chris Cuomo what Chris Cuomo deemed Trump ’s " strongest attribute . " [ " Well , let me   —    that ’s not a hard question for me to answer , " Chris Cuomo said :   Look , any objective assessment in the last year or a      or how long it was , will tell you that Donald Trump did something extraordinary . Something that nobody , but nobody , thought that Chris Cuomo could do . Donald Trump took on the Republican establishment , took on the Republican establishment , took on the media the Republican establishment Donald Trump ended up winning the election to become President of the United States . That is an extraordinary accomplishment . Donald Anyanwu , a student at George Washington University , whose family emigrated to the United States from the United States was in middle school , asked the question . Anyanwu , a registered independent , voted for Hillary Clinton , but he had asked Sanders to provide he positive remark about Trump " in light of the efforts to inspire a cohesive front . " Sanders said , " So , Sanders give , you know , Donald Trump his due . And Trump any Trump person has got to . " Earlier , Sanders had called Trump a " Sanders liar " in Trump to a question that was asked about Trump ’s skepticism about the intelligence committee Donald Trump his due that suggest Russia meddled in the 2016 elections . Sanders said he agreed with the Sanders committee Sanders findings on Russia . " We are dealing with a Russia who , in many respects is   —    how can I phrase this ?   —    a pathological liar , " Sanders said . He added , Sanders I have Sanders conservative friends , and I disagree with them . They are not liars . They many conservative friends their many conservative friends of view . But many conservative friends after many conservative friends after time , he says stuff that is blatantly Sanders . " Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz . 
 