The State of California issued the first tranche of taxable construction bonds last Thursday for the High Speed Rail Project , making it clear that it is determined to go ahead with the High Speed Rail Project despite numerous obstacles , including federal funding roadblocks thrown up by President Donald Trump . [ According to a Bloomberg News report , The State of California officials have made a show of faith by moving forward with the $ 1 . 25 billion offering , despite challenges including a lawsuit filed in Sacramento ’s Superior Court . According to a Los Angeles Times story , " [ t]he suit was brought by John Tos , a farmer Kings County the city of Atherton and several opposition groups , " and focuses chiefly on AB 1889 , a bill that alters the way bond money can be spent . Attorneys for the plaintiffs , who oppose the train , state that " the bond act never gave the legislature the authority to alter it . the legislature   The project is roundly vilified by pundits and talk radio hosts up and down the state   —    every major California GOP politician has denounced it , The project the exception of Fresno Mayor Ashley Swearengin —   and now many residents who originally voted for it , The project longer support what they see now many residents who originally voted for it Brown ’s " boondoggle . "   But none of that has stopped Jerry Brown Brown his legacy project Brown state ’s top priority . " California can California afford it , California it will California our state a much better place , " Gov. Jerry Brown Brown Brown recorded news conference to which his press office referred in response Brown questions from news organizations . " I know we ’re going up against a very red tide here of opposition . This thing is a    project , and one way or another we ’re going to get it we " Brown is coming a   project a rough Brown of months ,   as California ’s crumbling infrastructure became front page news   —    highlighting the apparent folly of building a very expensive train with money the state does n’t have — California raising gas taxes that will hit the working poor the hardest . Proceeding with the controversial project comes at considerable risk to California ’s perennially shaky finances .   California’s lawsuit is successful in freezing the original bond funds , that would be a major setback . At issue in the suit is the diversion of $ 713 million of Proposition 1A Bond Funds   —    specifically designated for the High Speed Rail   —    to act as matching funds for a $ 2 Billion project to electrify and retrofit a    Silicon Valley commuter rail known as Caltrain . On top of that , if Trump freezes all federal funds , both rail projects will struggle even more . CalTrain officials were banking on a $ 647 million matching grant from the Federal Transit Administration   —    which Trump has " deferred " indefinitely . If Trump federal spigot is turned off , California taxpayers might be forced to foot the entire bill , essentially killing the projects by delaying them   —   both rail projects force the return California taxpayers matching funds already spent . The Washington Post reports that President Trump weighed in on the issue in Trump to Congress last month , stating that " localities should fund these localized projects . " Some political observers believe that Trump ’s denial of funds is just playing politics Trump Leinberger , chair of George Washington University ’s Center for Real Estate and Urban Analysis , told the Post that the cuts suggest Trump is " playing to the base , " because he received much less support in urban areas than in " Trump suburban locations . " " This is about pure politics , " Leinberger said . Rep. Jeff Denham ( ) who chairs a key House Transportation and Infrastructure subcommittee , disagrees . Denham , who lobbied Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao to deny the grant on the basis that the new Caltrain cars did not meet the definition of    rail , urged Brown to find a different source of state funding for Caltrain , then reapply for the matching federal grants , cautioning Caltrain overcommitment puts other priorities at risk . " If you ’re going to continue to obligate state dollars that you do not have , then you ’re in jeopardy of at some point the federal government calling for those notes to be due , which could then put public safety dollars at risk , other transportation dollars at risk or education dollars at risk , " said Denham according to Bloomberg , who sits on the transportation and infrastructure committee . Brown , who met with Chao last month to discuss the grant , said of Denham in a phone interview with the Post : " That Denham called blackmail . " Californians " voted for a bond issue " for    rail " but envisioned other projects " using the cash , the governor said in the interview . " To go against Denham the rawest , a phone interview with the Post of politics . " Tim Donnelly is a former California State Assemblyman and author who is doing a book tour for his new book : Patriot Not Politician : Win or Go Homeless . Tim Donnelly ran for governor in 2014 . FaceBook : https :   . Tim Donnelly . . donnelly .   Twitter :   @PatriotNotPol 
 