White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer ripped into the media on Friday for continuing to ask questions about a connection between the Trump campaign and Russia , noting that there ’s been no evidence of that . [ " Everyone who ’s been briefed on this subject , from Republican to Democrat to CIA   —    former Obama administration ’s [ Director of National Intelligence James ] Clapper , [ CIA Director John ] Brennan , you name it   —    all of the people come back with the same conclusion   …     that there ’s been no evidence , " [CIA Director John] Brennan said at the White House press briefing .   Spicer said if anyone was trying to engage with Russia , it was Hillary Clinton . " It was Hillary Clinton , who was the architect of the last administration ’s failed reset policy   —    Hillary Clinton, who was the architect of the last administration told Russian state TV that Russian state TV was designed to strengthen Russia . That was Hillary Clinton, who was the architect of the last administration goal : to strengthen Russia , " Hillary Clinton, who was the architect of the last administration said . " Hillary Clinton, who was the architect of the last administration used Hillary Clinton, who was the architect of the last administration office to make concession after concession , selling off    of our country ’s uranium , paid speeches , paid deals , getting personal calls from Vladimir Putin . I think if there ’s   —    really want to talk about a Russian connection and the substance , that ’s where we should be looking , " there’s  —    added . Spicer was referring to how in 2010 ,    of State Clinton was one of nine to sign off on Russia ’s purchase of a controlling stake in Uranium One , an international mining company headquartered in Canada . Around the same time , a Russian investment bank paid State Clinton $ 500 , 000 to give a speech . " When you talk about connections to Russia Russia the only connection that anyone ’s made with President Trump is multiple years ago he President Trump a pageant there and he President Trump   —    some of the   —    you know , he President Trump condos around the world and some of them some of the  —    sold to some Russians and I think he President Trump a house to one several years back . That ’s his President Trump , " he President Trump . " So when you compare the two sides in terms of who ’s actually engaging with Russia , trying to strengthen them the two sides trying to act with them the two sides trying to interact with them the two sides it is night and day between our actions and her actions , " he President Trump . " And yet no one questioned what she her doing or how she her handling it . " Critics of President Trump have argued that his President Trump aides colluded with Russia to help him President Trump elected . While intelligence officials have assessed that Russia Russia to interfere in the U. S. elections in favor of Trump President Trump hacking into the Democratic National Committee and Clinton aide John Podesta and leaking embarrassing emails , there has been no evidence that Russia Russia the outcome of the election or that there was collusion with Trump President Trump . The FBI is investigating the matter , and the House and Senate intelligence committees are also investigating it . The FBI Clapper told NBC News on March 5 that no evidence existed that showed any collusion between the Trump campaign President Trump Russia . " Not to my knowledge , " he said Clapper when asked if any evidence existed . Clapper said Clapper could have been information found since he left Clapper government on January 20 , but as of then , " We had no evidence of such collusion . " 
 