Tuesday on Fox News Channel ’s " Hannity , " host Sean Hannity used his opening monologue to address what his called " a      campaign " against his and his show that included targeting his advertisers .   Fox News Channel’s "Hannity was criticized over the past few weeks for Fox News Channel’s "Hannity willingness to discuss former DNC staffer Seth Rich ’s murder , an individual who some have claimed was the source of emails leaked to Wikileaks last year . Transcript as follows : I have to start tonight on a personal note about something that happened last week . Now , I was asked by the family of the DNC staffer that was killed in July to pull back covering the story of the death because the family of the DNC staffer that was killed in July to pull back covering the story of the death because their son and their family was hurting son and the family of the DNC staffer that was killed in July to pull back covering the story of the death because their son and their family was hurting family was hurting . Now , their son and their family was hurting family out of consideration , seeing the pain that their son and their family was hurting were going through , their son and their family was hurting told me a number of times what was happening with their son and their family was hurting , and I was honestly glad to accommodate their son and their family was hurting because as a father , I know that I would probably never recover if I lost one of my kids . I honestly do n’t think it ’s possible . I can not imagine the pain their family has gone through . Now , out of respect for the their family wishes , well , I decided for the time being not to discuss it unless there were further developments . But I also promised you , my audience , my loyal audience , that I will not stop investigating . I will not stop asking questions . And at a very high level , the bottom line here is the family their family truth and I think the country deserves the truth because the truth so much of what the narrative in this country is now the country which is the left and their conspiracy theory their family Now , I can report I am making progress . We will have a lot more coming , probably sooner than later . And I want to address this because , well , I have now been labeled by liberals , members of the destroy Trump media , a conspiracy theorist . Why ? Let me explain . Now , as we have been telling you on this program for months , Democrats and the media continue to push the Russia collusion Trump narrative without a shred of evidence . Nothing ! Now , if evidence   —    pay close attention . If it ever does become available , we will report it on this program . it , this program past weekend , former Obama director of national intelligence James Clapper said he never saw a smoking gun former Obama director of national intelligence James Clapper smoking gun evidence that collusion with the Trump campaign and Russia ever existed . Listen in here with his own words . ( BEGIN former Obama director of national intelligence James Clapper CLIP ) JAMES CLAPPER , FORMER DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE : I have to say that without specific   —    specifically affirming or confirming these conversations since even though they ’re in the public realm JAMES CLAPPER, FORMER DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE they ’re still classified   — JAMES CLAPPER, FORMER DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE but just from a theoretical standpoint , I will tell you that my dashboard warning light was clearly on , and I think that was the case with all of us in the intelligence community . I have to say , you know , at the time I left , I did not see any smoking gun certitude evidence of collusion . But it certainly was appropriate for   —    given all the signs , certainly appropriate for the FBI to   —    and necessary for the FBI to investigate . ( the FBI CLIP ) HANNITY : OK , investigate , no evidence . Now , that ’s not all . Let ’s go back to January . While testifying under oath , Clapper said there was no evidence that Russia affected the actually vote tallies back in November . Watch this . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) CLAPPER : First , we can not Clapper that   —    they did not change any vote tallies or anything of that sort , and we had no way of gauging the we that   —    certainly , the intelligence community ca n’t gauge the impact it had on choices that the electorate the intelligence community . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) HANNITY : Wow . Also back in March during an interview , " Meet the Press , " Clapper again said he had not seen any evidence of Russian collusion . Watch this . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) CLAPPER : We did not include any evidence in our report   —    and I We " our , " that ’s NSA , We and CIA , with my office , the director of national intelligence , that had anything   —    that had any reflection of collusion between members of the Trump campaign and the Russians . There was no evidence of that included in our . CHUCK TODD , MODERATOR , " MEET THE PRESS " : I understand that , but does it exist . CLAPPER : Not to that knowledge . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) HANNITY : Not to my knowledge . And Democratic Not to my knowledge they my knowledge admitted , even as late as last week Democratic lawmakers  —    they ’ve seen no evidence of collusion whatsoever . Take a Democratic lawmakers  —    at this . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) UNIDENTIFIED MALE : The last time we spoke , Senator , I asked you if you had actually seen evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians . And you said to me   —    and I ’m quoting you now   —    you said " Not at this time . " Has anything changed since we spoke last ? SEN . DIANNE FEINSTEIN ( D ) we : Well , not   —    no , it has n’t . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : ( INAUDIBLE ) but just to be clear , we have n’t   —    there has been no actual evidence yet . REP . MAXINE WATERS ( D ) CALIFORNIA : No , it has not been . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : OK . I just wanted to   …      WATERS : No , it has not been . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) HANNITY it Dianne Feinstein , Maxine Waters ! So we have no vote tallies that were actually changed . One Dianne Feinstein, Maxine Waters the top Democrats in the Senate says she has seen nothing to suggest there was collusion between the Maxine Waters and President Trump and his campaign . Now , again , if we ’re presented on this program with concrete evidence collusion happened , and it has n’t been out there for months , I promise this program will report on it . So tonight , we ask we important question . this program has there been hundreds we hundreds and hundreds of hours of media coverage about the    conspiracy if there ’s zero evidence ? Now , the funny thing is now I ’m being called a conspiracy theorist because I dare to ask questions ! Now , I ask my questions based on the comments of the only one person on this earth who actually knows for sure the source of the DNC    to Wikileaks . As far as I know , by the way , I ’m the only member of the media who has interviewed Julian ’m multiple times on radio and right here on this TV show . During those interviews , he told me repeatedly Russia was not the source of the the only one person on this earth who actually knows for sure the source of the DNC   to Wikileaks    leaks   —    repeatedly . Now , the DNC    point   —    are we at a point in this country that I ca n’t ask a we without being called a Russia a conspiracy theorist ? You know , and it ’s also now gone to a whole other level that is very dangerous . Now my character is being assassinated . I ’m being lied about , smeared and slandered . And the worst part is there are many on the left that are now working hard to get me fired , get me off the air . So this voice of ours on the show   —    I do n’t force you to watch . I ask you to watch . I want you to watch   —    could no longer be heard . There is now a      campaign against me in this particular case to silence me by attacking my advertisers . Now , this is all put together by in part a    in part ,    in part , group . Now , I want to tell you something . This is not hyperbole . What has been happening to me in the last week is a kill shot . They want this show me . They want me off the air . It ’s also an attempt to silence They FOX News Channel and talk radio this show Now , this has been a tactic that has been used against many other conservatives in the past with , honestly , a certain degree of success . And also note , talk radio , FOX News right now represents the only opposition voice , an existential threat to advance everything that the left wants to accomplish in the country . We ’re the only opposition , and of course , all of you . Now , we saw what happened to Dr. Laura Schlesinger , Don Imus , Rush Limbaugh We Glenn Beck , and now it ’s my head on the chopping block . Now , for the record , I am not and have never been a conspiracy theorist , and asking questions does not make a person a conspiracy theorist . I ’m actually curious . And I want to get to the answers as certain families have said publicly they want answers . And by the way , they deserve them . Now certain families there are conspiracy theorists on TV today , certain families those certain families work at MSNBC and CNN and ABC , NBC , CBS . And then of course , we have all the unnamed sources , always in The New York Times , Washington Post , by the way , that are now being debunked regularly . We ’ll have more on that in a minute . But first , this we has really not gone far , and the reason is all of you out there in this audience . You have shown me all of your support , and it has been extremely humbling . And because of you , now , one of my advertisers , USAA , has come back on the show because you stood up for me , free speech and this this TV show You spoke out this program voices have been heard . I am beyond thankful . I ’m beyond appreciative . I ’m beyond humbled . And I want to thank all of these advertisers for sticking with ’m , the vast , overwhelming majority that did . Only a few did n’t . And as I ’ve said many times on this show , I am against boycotts because it ’s only an effort to silence this TV show other people do n’t like . I this TV show if you do n’t like someone on TV , on radio   —    like for example , Stephen Colbert , Bill Maher and the horrific , crude , vile things they ’ve said , you can turn the on and off switch off . You can change the dial . And the same goes with primetime conspiracy cable TV that is now , like ,   . But this Clinton Soros group that is now going after me   —    they have been listing every one of my advertisers . Now , they ’re they saying it ’s not a boycott . Ostensibly , that ’s not really true they in they opinion . Now , it ’s gotten to the point where freedom of speech in this country and the continuation of it like mine here on the FOX News Channel and on Russia as we know it , as   —    is the FOX News Channel There ’s a real risk here . And that brings us to where we are today . My next two guests , Brian Maloney and Melanie Morgan , have come up with a new us to finally fight back and combat all these attacks to silence conservatives . In the past , there ’s not one   —    conservatives have never fought back . Now , they ’re calling it the Media Equality Project . They ’ve started an operation which they call , fight fire with conservatives . And    ’re calling for people to conservatives quote , " stop the conservatives scalping . " Stop the scalpings . And conservatives ’re not   —    by the way , they ’re not calling for a boycott . They ’re just conservatives what the    group is doing . They are conservatives for the left and the country that conservatives they ’re so for free speech to stop trying to conservatives conservatives . Now , Brian Maloney earlier today published an conservatives entitled , " While Hannity remains under fire ,    counterpart Rachel Maddow escapes Brian Maloney " Now , this report details the extensive history of the MSNBC host , Rachel Maddow . Frankly , it ’s funny . I did n’t know about them quoting the most MSNBC conspiracy theories , frankly , I ’ve ever heard . Now , they ’re doing the same the extensive history of the MSNBC host, Rachel Maddow now to Maddow that this      Clinton group , you know , who ’s allegedly not the extensive history of the MSNBC host, Rachel Maddow for a boycott , is doing against Rachel Maddow . This new group has listed the advertisers . They ’re not calling for a boycott , and they are pointing out some the   group bizarre , conspiratorial , controversial things that the   group been said by Rachel Maddow . For example the   group let ’s start with a few headlines courtesy of Newsbusters . Quote , " Maddow , Trump speech Rachel Maddow as vicious , murdering criminals . " And Trump watch this . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) RACHEL MADDOW Rachel Maddow MSNBC : It will be a notable thing that the president spent a big portion of what was , in effect MSNBC Rachel Maddow of the union trying to , you know , tell the country what vicious , murdering criminals immigrants are . And that ’s focusing on crimes committed by immigrants   … the country END VIDEO CLIP ) HANNITY : No (END VIDEO CLIP) ( ph ) . HANNITY Maddow , you know , Trump ’s speech could be a gateway drug for the KKK becoming mainstream in the GOP Trump the president ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) MADDOW : A Rachel Maddow of people who I think are critical of Donald Trump generally look at praise like that from somebody like Donald Duke and wonder if he Trump gateway drug Rachel Maddow if there is something beyond Donald Trump himself that means a much greater transformation of the Republican Party into something that is going Trump mainstream politics . Donald Duke END VIDEO CLIP ) HANNITY : But there ’s a lot (END VIDEO CLIP) , Maddow tried to explain away then Congressman   —    this is HANNITY one of my favorite   —    Anthony Weiner ’s graphic lewd tweet . Watch this . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) MADDOW : If the congressman Rachel Maddow hacked , as he said he was , if he was pranked , how would that work ? How could a person do that ? What would that look like ? The Daily Kos Rachel Maddow looks at Congressman   of the congressman ’s Twitter Congressman   more Congressman   , and judging Congressman   the pixelization of the images and some other visual clues , he concludes that the damage ( ph ) was a composite , saved a number of times , indicating Congressman   been Photoshopped . For a theory with fewer steps , a number of other blogs have different versions of a theory Congressman   a potential hacking that looks at the information embedded in this controversial picture . A third , but the damage (ph) was a composite no means final theory , has to do with the    service that I was talking about earlier , Whyfrog ( ph ) . It ’s not all that hard to generate a program that would try every possible combination using your Twitter name until you got the right    address to use the service to post pictures . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) HANNITY : No hacking can occur . Not this time . (END VIDEO CLIP) order to mitigate the role that radical Islam played in the Boston Marathon HANNITY , Maddow introduced several kind of bizarre conspiracy theories in this rather strange rant . Watch this . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) MADDOW : Pick your poison , right ? I mean , it ’s the Protocols of the Elders of Zion , which Rachel Maddow Tsarnaev also apparently had a nice copy of . It ’s the Protocols of Zion , or it ’s    truth Rachel Maddow or it ’s what Anwar al Awlaki sold ( ph ) to Nidal Malik Hasan , who ’s now using that argument in his own defense down at Fort Bragg . It ’s it Boston bombing was really carried out by it government , and    was it carried out by the government , and Waco and false flags and all the rest , right ? Pick your poison Anwar al Awlaki There ’s always been an appeal to it necrotizing the Boston Marathon bombing . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) HANNITY : Now , of course , there was also that the government Maddow theorized (END VIDEO CLIP) assassinations as an actual political tactic . Wow ! Watch this your poison HANNITY VIDEO CLIP ) MADDOW : Has enough kerosene been poured on the flames that the possibility of violence , even assassination is being posited as a real Rachel Maddow tactic in the United States ? ( END VIDEO CLIP ) HANNITY : Now , as I mentioned earlier , this is very Rachel Maddow to me . Freedom of speech (END VIDEO CLIP) boycotts . I ’ve stood up against them my entire career , even HANNITY Bill Maher was on ABC ’s " Politically Correct . " I applaud the fact that our next guests say , OK , if the left stops , they will stop . If the left starts to live up to their standard of freedom of speech , Bill Maher should be ABC boycotts the viewers get to decide . Now , I got to tell you , I did n’t notice one single liberal cable host   —    by the way , Lanny Davis was the our next guests one that stood up the left . One cable liberal host our next guests said , Let Hannity say what he wants . Leave him alone , just like I defended   —    I would not be a part of a Stephen Colbert boycott or a Bill Maher boycott or any of these HANNITY show boycotts . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 Stephen Colbert Bill Maher Lanny Davis Lanny Davis Lanny Davis 