Tuesday on MSNBC ’s " For the Record with Greta , " while discussing today ’s confirmation hearing of    Donald Trump ’s pick for Attorney General , Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken ( ) said Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken was " very troubled " over what Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken described as Sessions " exaggerating , misrepresenting " Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken handling of civil rights cases .   Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken said , " We have another day of hearings and I ’m going to reserve until I ’m able to absorb everything . I was very troubled by the answers to my lines of questioning , particularly on Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken exaggerating , misrepresenting Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken history in terms of civil rights cases . Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken claimed in Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken questionnaire that Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken had had a personal   —    Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken had personally supervised or personal activity on a number of civil rights cases that Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken later had to produce an addenda to that and   —    addendum   —    and Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken did exaggerate his history . People who worked on the cases that Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken named that Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken had personal experience on , they People who worked on the cases that he named that he had personal experience on not know Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken or that they People who worked on the cases that he named that he had personal experience on not   —    Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken had done nothing on those cases . " Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken added,"He was n’t necessarily bringing the case , Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken was signed on . Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken said that I filed 20 to 30 civil rights cases involved in desegregating schools and other things and that ’s not true as far as we can tell . And then Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken said that Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken had personal   —    Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken had personally taken an active part . Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken was asked to name the ten cases Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken had strong personal role in and Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken named four civil rights cases . It does n’t appear Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken had anything to do with them other than having Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) Sen. Al Franken name filed on them them " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 