Hollywood stars rushed to social media to fire off hot takes and commentary about former FBI director James Comey ’s testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday . [ From memes of Netflix ’s House of Cards’ corrupt President Frank Underwood to    Twitter screeds from the likes of actor John Cusack and comedian Billy Eichner , celebrities were piling on President Donald Trump during the hearing .   Below is a roundup of the most absurd ravings from    Hollywood elites . 1 . Actor John Cusack , who repeatedly ended his tweets with " impeach , " suggested in a tweet that Comey ’s testimony made Comey look more presidential than President Donald Trump . " Comey Comey’s how a president is supposed to    trump a    repubs hanging all there hopes on the words I hope   —    context setting , " the actor wrote . Comey Comey’s how a president is supposed to       a    repubs hanging all there hopes on the words I hope   —    context setting ,   —    John Cusack ( @johncusack ) June 8 , 2017 ,   2 . " This is basically a domestic abuse case , " the official Twitter account for the TBS show Full Frontal with Samantha Bee tweeted Thursday in response to an earlier message posted by Donald Trump Jr. This is basically a domestic abuse case . https :   .    —    Full Frontal ( @FullFrontalSamB ) June 8 , 2017 ,   3 . Meanwhile , the official account for Late Night with Seth Meyers poked fun at Trump ’s son , Eric Trump . James Comey is the worst thing to happen to Donald Trump’s the doctor said , " it ’s an Eric ! " # ComeyDay ,   —    Late Night ( @LateNightSeth ) June 8 , 2017 ,   4 . Elsewhere , longtime Trump enemy Rosie O’Donnell accused the president of " defaming " her as longtime Trump enemy Rosie O’Donnell had longtime Trump enemy Rosie O’Donnell defamed " Comey . James Comey defamed comey   —    he defamed longtime Trump enemy Rosie O’Donnell   —    he ’s longtime Trump enemy Rosie O’Donnell 2 defame # OBAMACARE   —    calling it a death spiral "   —    a BLATANT LIE   —    do n’t believe him EVER longtime Trump enemy Rosie O’Donnell   —    ROSIE ( @Rosie ) June 8 , 2017 ,   5 . Actress Minnie Driver announced via Twitter that she was Actress Minnie Driver Thursday ’s hearing wearing a bizarre outfit featuring pictures of former president Barack Obama all over it . " Just so you have a clear visual of how 44 and I are watching # ComeyDay , " she tweeted Actress Minnie Driver Just so you have a clear visual of how 44 and I are watching # ComeyDay pic #ComeyDay twitter .    —    Minnie Driver ( @driverminnie ) June 8 , 2017 ,   6 . Comedian Billy Eichner blasted President Trump , calling him a Comedian Billy Eichner disgusting creepy piece of sh*t . " My verdict : Donald Trump President Trump disgusting creepy piece of shit . CASE CLOSED .   —    billy eichner ( @billyeichner ) June 8 , 2017 ,   7 . And then there was Avengers star Chris Evans , who took a break from bashing President Trump to President Trump president to    the proceedings : I ’ve never wanted Trump to tweet so President Trump in my entire life . Pick your phone up ! Do it ! ! DO IT ! ! ! it   —    Chris Evans ( @ChrisEvans ) June 8 , 2017 ,     Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 