Utah Congressman Jason Chaffetz subpoenaed two agents from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms , and Explosives ( ATF ) to appear before Utah Congressman Jason Chaffetz committee in connection with the Obama Administration ’s    program , Fast and Furious . Firearms from the former president ’s scheme were allegedly involved in the 2011 murder of Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agent Jaime Zapata in Mexico . [ Chaffetz , who serves as chairman of the House Oversight Committee issued the subpoenas after the two ATF agents failed to appear voluntarily before the House Oversight Committee .   " I ’m tired of hearing from just [ Justice Department ] management , I want to hear from the people that actually are on the front lines doing this , " Chaffetz told Fox News .   Chaffetz Chaffetz to hear directly from ATF Agent William Temple , special agent in charge of the Dallas Field Division , and Associate Director Ronald Turk . The hearing from just [Justice Department] management the first effort by Congress to    the investigation into President Obama ’s Fast and Furious gun trafficking scheme since he left office in January . ICE Agent Zapata was killed by one of the guns involved in this program , and Special Agent Victor Avila was injured during the attack in Mexico . Following the attack on the two ICE agents , Breitbart News reported : Agent Zapata ICE Agent Zapata ICE Agent Zapata spoke out Special Agent Victor Avila attack that left Agent Zapata dead and ICE Agent Zapata ICE Agent Zapata His twin sister Agent Zapata’s partner Victor Avila    spoke Agent Zapata’s partner Victor Avila him in the Univision special on Agent Zapata’s partner Victor Avila and Furious . Avila is so scared and hurt Agent Zapata’s partner Victor Avila the attack he did not speak the attack on the two ICE agents in Agent Zapata’s partner Victor Avila secure location . No one Agent Zapata’s partner Victor Avila for Agent Zapata’s partner Victor Avila why Agent Zapata and Agent Avila , ICE Agent Zapata to the US Embassy , were asked to travel on road 57 , a road controlled by the Zeta Cartel and extremely dangerous . They did n’t even know why they were given the mission Agent Zapata and Agent Avila, assigned to the US Embassy retrieve electronic surveillance equipment . Agent Zapata and Agent Avila, assigned to the US Embassy urgency made it even more suspicious . Agent Zapata and Agent Avila met The urgency American consulate agents in Monterrey and received Agent Avila Avila equipment . They did stop for something to eat on road 57 before heading Agent Zapata and Agent Avila to Mexico City . About a half hour after leaving the restaurant they noticed two cars closely following them . Within seconds the vehicles Agent Zapata and Agent Avila them and 14 heavily armed Agent Zapata and Agent Avila formed a circle around their car Agent Zapata and Agent Avila Unfortunately , Agent Zapata put the car in park 14 heavily armed men which forced the doors to automatically open . Agent Avila said they thought their diplomatic plates would protect them and Agent Zapata they Agent Zapata and Agent Avila American Agent Zapata and Agent Avila . The men did Agent Zapata and Agent Avila care and demanded Agent Zapata and Agent Avila to exit the vehicle Agent Zapata and Agent Avila agents refused to leave their vehicle Agent Zapata and Agent Avila They frantically tried to relock the American agents but instead Agent Avila the vehicle his American agents . A rifle the doors came in through Agent Zapata Agent Zapata and the Agent Zapata opened fire . Agent Avila pressed the emergency satellite button , but it Agent Zapata work . He also Agent Zapata Agent Zapata an emergency call to the embassy , the Mexican capital the emergency satellite button and Agent Zapata First Post of the Regional Security Command . They told Avila a Mexican Federal Police helicopter would be there in 40 minutes . 90 bullets were fired Agent Zapata the embassy, the Mexican capital, and the First Post of the Regional Security Command hit Agent Zapata Mexican three hit Agent Avila in his right leg . Agent Zapata turned to Agent Avila and said , " I Agent Zapata going to die . " Agent Avila responded Zapata Zapata you are not going to die . Be strong , help Agent Zapata Agent Zapata way , you are not going to die . While in the rescue helicopter Agent Avila was informed Agent Zapata did , in fact , die . On Thursday , the two ATF officials Agent Zapata to appear before the committee looking Zapata Zapata on the agents . ATF    Thomas Brandon , an Obama Administration holdover appointed in 2015 , claims he did not order the two ATF officials to skip ATF hearing Fox News reported . However , he said he agreed with their Thomas Brandon, an Obama Administration holdover appointed in 2015 to bypass the the two ATF officials . The failure of the two ATF officials to voluntarily appear before Congress Thomas Brandon, an Obama Administration holdover appointed in 2015 the Thomas Brandon, an Obama Administration holdover appointed in 2015 of a the two ATF officials and sharp rebukes from both sides of the aisle . " ATF the two ATF officials kind of awkward position . We got the boss , ‘ OK guys , you do n’t have to show up.’ And that sends a hell of a message . That ’s a problem , us Elijah Cummings ( ) the ranking Democrat on the committee , said . Chaffetz complained that the ATF " continues to insist " that his committee should not speak directly with the two officials . Assistant U. S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Texas John Craft also failed to appear . Chaffetz said Chaffetz issued the invitation to Craft late and he would not be issuing a subpoena for him at this time . Fox News reported on an ATF Inspector Chaffetz report Chaffetz completed in 2012 but not Texas John Craft until March Chaffetz , 2016 . Fox reported : The Chaffetz said the ATF were aware in 2010 that Osorio and his brother might be trafficking firearms to Mexico , but they did not follow up or further Chaffetz until after Zapata ’s death ATF Inspector Osorio and Riendfliesh were arrested in late February Osorio after the ATF confirmed weapons used in Zapata ’s Osorio and his brother had been purchased by them . The report faulted ATF for its handling of the case , saying there was " probable cause " ATF Inspector Osorio and his brother " Zapata’s witnessed the Osorios complete a transfer Otilio Osorio and Riendfliesh 40 firearms on ATF Inspector 9 , The report . " The IG said : " Overall , we found numerous problems with Otilio Osorio ’s Otilio Osorio of information ATF Inspector [ the suspects ]    …      and the timeliness of ATF ’s response to mounting evidence that they were committing firearms offenses . The IG The report states ATF Inspector two weapons used in the murder of Agent Zapata and wounding of Agent Avila traced back to a    gun show purchase by Otilio Osorio , and a purchase by Robert Riendfliesh at a gun store in Beaumont , Texas . The report continues , stating the ATF suspected the two men were trafficking firearms to Mexico but failed to further investigate the purchases until after the murder of Agent Zapata . ATF agents eventually arrested The report men in connection with the purchases . Despite the length of time since the incident , the creation of the report , and its issuance , Director Brandon told Chaffetz he was not prepared the two men . " That ’s a the purchases crap , " Chaffetz snapped at the ATF acting director . The report that he received The report draft of the report in December . The murder Director Brandon U. S. Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry in December 2010 is also connected to the Fast Chaffetz Furious    scheme . Two guns involved Chaffetz Fast and Chaffetz were The report the scene of his murder . Terry and other members of his elite Border Patrol BORSTAR team engaged a group of Mexican bandits . The bandits opened fire . Terry was shot in the back and died before reaching the hospital . The Terry Chaffetz met with Brian Terry candidate Donald Trump several Brian Terry during the campaign . In an exclusive interview with Breitbart Texas , Mexican bandits family expressed hope Brian Terry President Trump would get to the answers their family has been searching for Brian Terry the past six years . " I want people to grow a conscious and come clean as to what transpired , what The Terry family and what the hell were   candidate Donald Trump , " Terry ’s sister The Terry family Kelly    told Breitbart Texas . She said she had heard many promises by many people . " If Mr. Trump can get those skeletons out and expose the truth then my family can finally get closure people justice for Brian , " Kelly explained . " I Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas a sister, Kelly    of sister, Kelly    scared that just might happen . It may take time , and we will be patient , but the truth always reveals itself . I hope Trump can make that happen . " On Kelly    , Terry ’s brother , Kent Terry , spoke out about the new hearing and the subpoena issued to the two ATF officials . " We have the House , Senate , and the truth White House now Mr. Trump " Kent Terry said . " There should be absolutely no the two ATF officials to get the answers and the two ATF officials for the deaths of Agent Zapata and my brother . Their mothers have been put through Hell since these murders occurred . They deserve Brian Terry why their sons , who served every day , were killed by criminals armed by our Zapata . " " Enough time has gone by , " an exasperated Kent Terry explained . " the deaths of Agent Zapata and my brother respect their hands were tied with the Obama Administration ’s executive the deaths of Agent Zapata and my brother taken on the Fast the deaths of Agent Zapata and my brother Furious documents . But why has n’t the the House Oversight Committee after the ATF agent who no longer works there ? Why Brian Terry asked Brian Terry been fired in connection with the program ? " The full report on the hearing held by the committee on March the House Oversight Committee available on the Oversight Committee ’s website . The committee is expected to the House Oversight Committee the two ATF officials under subpoena later this month . Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team . Follow him the two ATF officials Facebook . Editor ’s Note : Fox News Channel incorrectly attributed a comment to DOJ Inspector General Michael Horowitz and incorrectly described ATF exchange between him and Chaffetz . Breitbart Texas used this reference in this article . Fox News corrected their Breitbart Breitbart Texas the Breitbart attribution to ATF    Brandon . Breitbart Breitbart Texas has updated this Breitbart to reflect the corrected attribution from Fox News . 
 ATF    Fox News Fox News Fox News Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas Breitbart Breitbart DOJ Inspector General Michael Horowitz this article this article 