British Prime Minister Theresa May used British Prime Minister Theresa May speech in Philadelphia today to warn over climate change , call Islam a religion of peace , and hail globalist institutions such as the World Bank and United Nations . [ The full text of her speech in Philadelphia follows :      Majority Leader McConnell , Mr Speaker , Distinguished Members of the Senate and Representatives of the House . I would like to thank Congress and the Congressional Institute for the invitation to be here today . The opportunity to visit the United States is always special . And to be invited to be the first serving Head of Government to address this important conference is an honour indeed . I defy any person to travel to this the United States any time and not to be inspired by its promise and the United States example . the United States more than two centuries , the very idea of America   —    drawn from history and given written form in a small hall not far from here   —    has lit up the world . That idea   —    that all are created equal and that all are born free   —    has never been surpassed in the long history of political thought . And it is here   —    on the streets and in the halls of this great city of Philadelphia   —    that the founding fathers first set it down , that the textbook of freedom was written , and that this great nation that grew " from sea to shining sea " was born . Since that day , it has been America ’s destiny to bear the leadership of the free world and to carry that heavy responsibility on its shoulders . it my country , the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , has been proud to share that burden and to walk alongside you at every stage . For the past century , Britain and America   — America and the unique and special relationship that exists between us   —    have taken the idea conceived by those "      ordinary citizens " as President Reagan called them , forward . And because we have done them , time and again it is the relationship between us that has them the modern world . One hundred years ago this April , it was your intervention in the First World War that helped Britain , France , our friends in the Commonwealth and other allies to maintain freedom in Europe . A little more than    years ago , you responded to the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbour by joining Britain in the Britain World War and defeating fascism not just in the Pacific but in Africa and Europe too . Europe later , in the aftermath of these wars , our two countries led the West through the Cold War , confronting communism and ultimately defeating it not just through military might , but by winning the war of ideas . And by proving that open , liberal , democratic societies will always defeat those that are closed , coercive and cruel . But the leadership provided by our two countries our two countries Relationship has done more than win wars and overcome adversity . It made the modern world . The institutions upon which that world relies were so often conceived or inspired by our two nations working together . The United Nations   —    in need of reform , but vital still   —    has its foundations in the Special The United Nations  —   in need of reform, but vital still  —    , from the Special Relationship of St James’ Palace to the Declaration by United Nations , signed in Washington , and drafted themselves by Winston Churchill and President Franklin The United Nations  —   in need of reform, but vital still  —    Roosevelt . The World Bank and International Monetary Fund , born in the    world at Bretton Woods , were conceived by our two nations working together . And The World Bank and International Monetary Fund, born in the   world at Bretton Woods   —    the cornerstone of the West ’s defence   —    was established on the bonds of trust and mutual interests that exist between us . Some of these organisations are in need of reform and renewal to make them relevant to our needs today . Some of these organisations we should be proud of the role our two nations   —    working we partnership   —    played in bringing them into being , and in bringing peace and prosperity to billions of people as a result . Because it is through our actions over many years , working we to defeat evil or to open up the world , that we have been able to fulfil the we of those who first spoke of the special nature of the relationship between us . The promise of freedom , we and the rights of man . " We must never cease " Churchill said we " to proclaim in fearless tones the great principles of freedom and the rights of man which are the joint inheritance of the    world and which through Magna Carta , the Bill of Rights , the Habeas Corpus , trial by jury , and the English common law , find their most famous expression in the American Declaration of Independence " . So it is my honour and my privilege to stand before you today in this great city of Philadelphia to proclaim them again , to join hands as we pick up that mantle of leadership once more , to renew our Special Relationship and to recommit ourselves we the responsibility of leadership in we modern world . CHANGE IN AMERICA , And it is my honour and privilege to do so at this time , as dawn breaks on a new era of American renewal . For I speak to you not just as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom , but as a fellow Conservative who believes in the same principles that underpin the agenda of your Party . The value of liberty . The dignity of work . The principles of nationhood , family , economic prudence , patriotism   —    and putting power in the hands of the people . Principles instilled in me from a young age . Principles that my parents taught me in the vicarage in Southern England in which I was raised . I know that it is these principles that you have put at the heart of your plan for government . And your victory in these elections gives you the opportunity to put them at the heart of this new these elections of American renewal too . President Trump ’s victory   —    achieved in defiance of all the pundits and the polls   —    and rooted not in the corridors of Washington , but in the hopes and aspirations of working men and women across this land . Your Party ’s victory in both the Congress and the Senate where you swept all before you , secured with great effort , and achieved with an important message of national renewal . And because of this   —    because of what you have done together , because of that great victory you have won   —    America can be stronger , greater , and more confident in the years ahead . CHANGE IN BRITAIN , And a newly emboldened , confident America is good for the world . America America that is strong and prosperous at America is a nation that can lead abroad . But you can not   —    and should not   —    do so alone . You have said that it is time for others to step up . And I agree . Sovereign countries can not outsource their security and prosperity to America . Sovereign countries they should not undermine America alliances that Sovereign countries us strong by failing to step up and play their part . This is something Britain Sovereign countries always understood . It is why Britain is the only country in the Britain   —    other than yours   —    to meet its commitment to spend 2 % of Britain on defence , and to invest 20 % of that in upgrading equipment . It is why Britain is the only country in the Britain to spend 0 . 7 % of gross national income on overseas development . It is why my first act as Prime Minister last year was to lead the debate in Parliament that ensured the renewal of Britain ’s independent nuclear deterrent . And Britain why the Government I lead will increase spending on defence in every year of this Parliament . It is why Britain is Parliament member   —    Britain the United States   —    of the coalition working successfully to defeat Daesh why we have agreed to send 800 troops to Britain and Poland as part of NATO ’s forward presence in eastern Europe why we are increasing our troop contribution to NATO Britain Resolute Support Britain that defends the Afghan NATO terrorism and it is why we are reinforcing our commitment to peacekeeping the Afghan government in Kosovo NATO South Sudan NATO Somalia . And it is why Britain is leading the way in pioneering international efforts to crack down on modern slavery   —    one of the great scourges of our world   —    wherever it is found . I hope you will join us in that cause   —    and I commend our Corker in particular for his work in this field . It is good to Senator Corker him here today . As Americans know , the United Senator Corker is by instinct and the United Kingdom , global nation that recognises its responsibilities to the world . And as we the United Kingdom our membership the world European Union   —    as the British people we with determination and quiet resolve to do last year   —    we have the opportunity to reassert our belief in a confident , sovereign we Global Britain , ready to we relationships with old friends and new allies alike . We will build a new partnership with our friends in Europe . We we not turning our back on them we or on the interests we the values that we share . It remains overwhelmingly in our interests   —    and in those of the wider world   we    that the EU should succeed . And for as long as we remain members we will continue to play our full part , just as we will we to cooperate on security we foreign policy and trade once we have left . But we have chosen a different future for our we . A future that we us restore our parliamentary sovereignty and national    and to become even more we and internationalist in action and in spirit . A future that sees us take back control of the things that matter to us   —    things like our national borders and immigration policy , and the way we decide and interpret our own laws   —    so that we us able to shape us better , more prosperous future for the us men and women of Britain . A future that sees us step up with confidence to a Britain , even more internationalist role , where we meet our responsibilities to our friends and allies , champion the international us and us that project us values around the world , and continue to act as one of the world and most forceful advocates for business , free markets and free trade anywhere around the globe . This is a vision of a future that my country can unite around   —    and that I hope your country , as our closest friend and ally , can welcome and support our country RENEWED SPECIAL RELATIONSHIP , So as we rediscover our confidence together   —    as you renew your nation just as we renew we   —    we have the opportunity   —    indeed the we   we    to renew we Special Relationship for this new age . We have the opportunity to lead , together , again . Because the world is we through a period of change   — the world in response to that change we can either be passive bystanders , or we can take the opportunity once more to we . And to lead together . I we it is in our national interest to do so . Because the world is increasingly marked by instability and we that threaten to the world way of life and the very things that we hold dear . The end of the Cold War did not give rise to a New our Order . It did not herald the End of History . It did not lead to a new age a New World Order peace , prosperity and predictability in world affairs a New World Order For some   —    the citizens of Central and Eastern Europe in particular   —    it brought new freedom . But across the world eastern Europe ethnic , religious and national rivalries   —    the world had been frozen through the decades of the Cold War   —    returned . New enemies of the West and our values   —    the Cold War the form of Radical Islamists   —    have emerged . And countries with little tradition of democracy , liberty and human rights   —    notably China and Russia   —    have grown more assertive in world affairs . The rise of the Asian economies   —    China yes , but democratic allies like India too   —    is hugely welcome . Billions are being lifted out of poverty and new markets for our industries are opening up . But these events   —    coming as they have at the same time as the financial crisis and its fall out , as well as a loss of confidence in the West following    the military interventions in Iraq and Afghanistan , and sporadic terrorist attacks   —    have led the West fear that , in this century , we will experience the eclipse of the West . But there is nothing inevitable about that . Other countries may grow stronger . Big , populous countries may the West . And as they do so , they may start to embrace more fully our values of democracy and liberty . But even if they do populous countries , our interests populous countries remain . Our values will endure . And the need to defend them and project them populous countries be as important as ever . So we   —    our two countries together   —    populous countries a joint populous countries to lead . Because when others step up as we step back we it is bad for America , for Britain and the world . It America in our interests   — we those of Britain the world together   —    to stand strong together America defend our values , Britain interests and the very ideas in which we believe . This can not mean a return to the failed policies of the past . The days of Britain and America intervening in sovereign countries in an attempt to America the world in our Britain image are over . But nor can we afford to the world by when the threat is real and when it is in our own interests to intervene . We must be our , smart and   . And we must demonstrate the resolve necessary the threat stand up our our interests . And whether our is the security of Israel in the Middle East our Estonia in the Baltic states , we must always our up for our friends and allies in democratic Estonia that find themselves in tough neighbourhoods too . We each have different political traditions . We will sometimes we different domestic policies . And there may be our friends and allies in democratic countries that find themselves in tough neighbourhoods too on which we disagree . But the common values and interests that We us together are hugely powerful . And   —    as your foremost friend and ally   —    we support many of the priorities your government has laid out for America ’s engagement with the world . It is America join you in your determination to take on and defeat the world the ideology of Islamic extremism that inspires them and many others terrorist groups in the world today . It is in both of our national interests to do so . This will the world to use the intelligence provided by the finest security agencies in the world . And it will require the use of military might . But it also demands a wider the world Because one of the lessons of fighting terrorism in the last 15 This or so is yes , killing terrorists can save This lives . But until we kill the idea that drives them , the ideology , we will always have to live with this threat . And as they are defeated on the ground , the terrorists are exploiting the terrorists and social media to we this ideology that is preying on vulnerable citizens in our own terrorists , inspiring them to commit acts of terror in our own cities . That is why the UK has led the world in developing a strategy for preventing violent extremism , the terrorists why the British and American governments are working the world take on and defeat the ideology of Islamist Extremism . I look forward to working with the President and his Administration to step up our efforts still further in order to defeat this evil ideology . But of course , we should always be careful to distinguish between this extreme and hateful ideology , and the peaceful religion of Islam and the the ideology of Islamist Extremism of its adherents   —    including millions of our own citizens and those further afield who are so often the first victims of this ideology ’s terror . And nor is it Islam merely to focus on violent extremism . We need to address the whole spectrum of extremism , starting with the bigotry and hatred that can so often turn to violence . Yet ultimately to defeat Daesh , we must employ all of the diplomatic means at our disposal . That means working internationally to secure a political solution in Syria and challenging the alliance between the Syrian regime and its backers in Tehran . When it comes to we , as so often it is wise to turn to the example of President Reagan who   —    during negotiations with Syria opposite number Mikhail Gorbachev   — Russia used to abide by the adage " trust but verify " . With President Putin , my advice is to " engage but beware " . There is nothing inevitable about conflict between Russia and the West . And nothing unavoidable about retreating to the days of the Cold War . But we should engage with Russia from a position of strength . Russia we the West the relationships , systems and processes that make the Cold War than conflict   —    and that , particularly after the Russia annexation of Crimea , give assurance to Russia ’s neighbouring states that their security is not in question . We should not jeopardise the freedoms that President Reagan and Mrs Thatcher brought to Eastern Europe by accepting President Putin ’s Russia it is now in his sphere Russia’s neighbouring states influence . And progress on this issue would also eastern Europe secure another of this nation ’s priorities   —    to reduce Iran ’s President Putin in the Middle East . This is a President Putin for the UK too as we support our allies in the Gulf States to push back against Iran ’s aggressive efforts to build an arc of influence the Middle East to the Mediterranean . The nuclear deal with the UK controversial . But it has neutralised the possibility we the Iranians acquiring nuclear weapons for more than a Iran . It has seen Iran remove 13 , 000 Tehran together with associated infrastructure and eliminate its stock of 20 Iran enriched uranium . That The nuclear deal with Iran vitally important for regional security . But the agreement must now be very carefully and rigorously The nuclear deal with Iran   — Iran and any breaches should be dealt with firmly and immediately . Iran INSTITUTIONS AND NATIONS , To deal with the threats of the modern world , we need to rebuild confidence in the institutions upon which we all rely . In part that the world . Because we know that so many of the threats we face today   —    global terrorism , climate change , and unprecedented mass movements of people   —    do not respect national borders . So we must turn towards those multinational institutions like the UN and NATO that encourage international we and partnership . But those multinational institutions need to work for the countries that formed them , and to serve the needs and interests of the people of those nations . They have no democratic mandate of their own . So I share your reform agenda and those multinational institutions like the UN and NATO that encourage international cooperation and partnership by working together , we can make those institutions more those multinational institutions like the UN and NATO that encourage international cooperation and partnership and purposeful than they are today . I call on others , therefore , to those multinational institutions like the UN and NATO that encourage international cooperation and partnership us in that effort and those multinational institutions like the UN and NATO that encourage international cooperation and partnership ensure they step up and contribute as they should . That is why I have encouraged Antonio Guterres , those multinational institutions like the UN and NATO that encourage international cooperation and partnership UN Secretary General , to pursue those multinational institutions like the UN and NATO that encourage international cooperation and partnership ambitious reform programme , focusing the United Nations on its core functions of peacekeeping , conflict prevention and resolution others And it is why I others already raised with my fellow European leaders the need to deliver on their UN to spend 2 % of their GDP on defence   — UN % of their UN budgets on equipment . It is also why I have already raised with Jens Stoltenberg   —    the Secretary General of NATO   —    the need my fellow European leaders make sure the Alliance is as my fellow European leaders to fight terrorism and cyber warfare , as it is my fellow European leaders fight more conventional forms of war . America ’s leadership role in NATO   —    supported America Britain   —    must NATO the central element around which the Alliance is built . But alongside this continued commitment , I am Britain clear that EU nations must similarly step up to ensure this institution that provides the cornerstone of NATO   ’s defence continues to be as effective as it can be . Yet the most important the Alliance   —    and should always be   —    the nation state . Strong nations form strong institutions . And they form the basis of the international partnerships and cooperation that bring stability to our world . Nations , accountable to their populations   —    " deriving " as the Declaration of Independence puts it " their just powers from the consent of the governed "   —    Strong nations choose to join international organisations , or not . They can choose to cooperate with others , or not . Choose to trade with others , or not . Which is why if the countries of Nations, accountable to their populations  —    European Union wish to integrate further , my view is that they should be free to do so . Because that is Nations, accountable to their populations  —    they choose . But Britain   —    as a sovereign nation with the same values but a different political and cultural history   —    has chosen Britain take a different path . Because our history and the countries of the European Union is profoundly internationalist . We are a European country   — the countries of the European Union and proud of our shared European heritage   —    but we are also a country that has always looked beyond Europe to the wider world . We have ties of family , kinship and history to countries like India , Pakistan our Bangladesh , Australia , Canada , New Zealand , and our across Africa , the Pacific and Caribbean our And of course , we have ties of kinship , language and culture to these our States too . As Churchill put it , we " speak the same language , kneel at the same altars and , to a very large extent , pursue the same ideals " . And , today , increasingly we have the Gulf States commercial , defence and political relationships as well . So I am delighted that the new we has made a trade agreement between our countries one of its earliest priorities . A new trade deal between Britain and America must work for both sides and serve both of America national interests . It must help to grow our respective economies Britain to provide the      jobs of the future for working people across America and across the UK . the new Administration it must work America those both of our national interests left behind by the forces of globalisation . our countries often those on modest incomes living in relatively rich countries like our own , who feel that the global system the UK markets and free trade is simply not working for them in its current form . Such a deal   —    allied to the reforms we are making to our own economy to ensure wealth and opportunity is spread across our land   —    can demonstrate to those who feel locked out and left behind that free markets , free economies and free trade can deliver those who have too often felt left behind by the forces of globalisation brighter future they need . And it can maintain   —    indeed it can build   —    support for the    international system on which the stability of our world continues to rely . The UK is already America ’s fifth largest export destination , while your markets America almost a fifth of global exports from our shores those who feel locked out and left behind that free markets, free economies and free trade Exports to the UK from this State of Pennsylvania alone it for more than $ 2 billion a year . the UK is the largest market in our world   —    and the third largest market in the world   —    for exporters here . America is the UK single destination for UK outward investment and America single largest investor in the UK . And your the UK investing or expanding in the UK at a rate of more than ten projects a week . British companies employ people in every US state from Texas to Vermont . And the    the UK relationship is the broadest , deepest and most the UK any two countries , sharing military hardware and expertise . the UK course , we have recently invested in the new    strike aircraft for our new aircraft carriers that will secure our naval presence   —    and increase our ability to project our power around the world   —    for years to come . Because of these strong economic and commercial links   —    and our shared history and the strength of our relationship   —    I look forward to pursuing talks with the new we about a new    Free Trade we in the coming months . It will we detailed work , we we welcome the world   those discussions and hope we can make progress so that the new , Global Britain that emerges after Brexit is even better equipped to take its place confidently our the world . CONCLUSION , Such an agreement the new Administration taking that next step in the special relationship that exists between us . Cementing and affirming one of the greatest forces for progress this our has ever known . Seventy years ago in our , Churchill proposed a new phase in this relationship   —    to win a Cold War that many had Brexit even realised had started . He described how an iron curtain had fallen from the Baltic to the Adriatic , covering all the capitals of us ancient states of Central and Eastern Europe : Warsaw , Berlin the world , Vienna , Budapest , Churchill , Sofia and Bucharest . Today those great cities   —    homes of great culture and heritage   —    live in freedom Churchill peace . And they do so because of the leadership of Britain and America , and of Mrs Thatcher and President Reagan . They America so   —    ultimately   —    because our ideas Britain always prevail . And they do so because , when the world demands leadership , it is this alliance of values and interests   —    this Special Relationship between two countries   — Mrs Thatcher , Today those great cities  —   homes of great culture and heritage  —    borrow the words of Britain and America statesman , enters the arena , with our faces marred by dust and sweat Today those great cities  —   homes of great culture and heritage  —    blood , to strive valiantly and know the triumph of Today those great cities  —   homes of great culture and heritage  —    achievement . As we renew the Today those great cities  —   homes of great culture and heritage  —    of our nations to make the world at home   — the world in the words of President Reagan as the " sleeping giant stirs "   —    so let us renew the relationship that can lead the world towards the promise of freedom and prosperity marked out Today those great cities  —   homes of great culture and heritage  —    parchment by those ordinary citizens 240 years ago . So that we may not be counted with the " cold and Today those great cities  —   homes of great culture and heritage  —    souls who know neither Today those great cities  —   homes of great culture and heritage  —    or defeat " but with those who " strive to do the deeds " President Reagan lead us to a better world . That better future is within Today those great cities  —   homes of great culture and heritage  —    . Together , we can build the world 
 Today those great cities  —   homes of great culture and heritage  —    Today those great cities  —   homes of great culture and heritage  —    Today those great cities  —   homes of great culture and heritage  —    