As President Donald Trump plans a slew of policies that could dismantle key parts of Barack Obama ’s presidential legacy , President Donald Trump seems to be returning to his roots President Donald Trump a Saul    radical community organizer . [ This time Obama and Barack Obama associates’ President Donald Trump is to stop Trump ’s President Donald Trump foreign policy agendas on virtually all fronts   —    immigration reform , border security , the roll back of the controversial Obamacare system and more .   According to some accounts , Obama and his Barack Obama may Barack Obama seeking no less than Trump ’s impeachment President Donald Trump The strategies for disruption seem to include everything from nonprofit    activism and the filing of legal motions to support for protest movements targeting Trump and top administration President Donald Trump . This as Trump works to secure President Donald Trump ’s porous borders , fix the faltering economy , replace Obama ’s largely failed healthcare law , combat the scourge of radical Islamic terrorism , contend with the threat of Obama ’s nuclear deal Obama , and address the issue of illegal immigration that was put on steroids during Obama ’s two terms in Obama The latest sign of Obama ’s fingerprints on Trump disruption Obama comes from reports on Monday that former Obama administration staffers have formed a Obama to closely monitor the Trump administration . FoxNews . com reported : Known as American Oversight , the group will search for anything a group to closely monitor the Trump administration amiss , whether it touches on ethics or fraud , a group to closely monitor the Trump administration other potential problems , the group ’s executive director , Austin a group to closely monitor the Trump administration Fox News . " We are conducting oversight because Congress wo n’t , a group to closely monitor the Trump administration said Evers , who was a State Department lawyer in the Obama administration . " We are using tools available to American citizens to Evers, who was a State Department lawyer in the Obama administration instances of fraud , corruption , violation of ethics rules , you name it . If there ’s something that Congress should be investigating , we will be . Congress Earlier this month , Congress Daily Mail reported that Obama ’s top adviser , Valerie Jarrett , has Obama into Obama ’s    dollar rental home in the nation Obama capital . The newspaper claimed Obama is turning his home " the Daily Mail nerve Obama of the mounting Obama’s   dollar rental home in the nation’s capital " Trump . " Obama ’s goal , according to a close family Obama is to oust Trump from the presidency either by forcing his resignation or through his Trump , " reported the Daily Mail Trump Evidence of Obama Trump close associations with efforts to oppose Trump emerged Obama weeks ago when a group of former top lawyers Trump the Obama administration formed their own organization aimed at utilizing legal Obama methods to target Trump a group of former top lawyers for the Obama administration policies . That organization is calling itself United to Protect Democracy , drawing on their own organization aimed at utilizing legal advocacy methods to target Trump’s policies of Obama ’s their own organization aimed at utilizing legal advocacy methods to target Trump’s policies speech last month . The legal activist Obama is already partnered with an organization heavily financed a group of former top lawyers for the Obama administration and is led by a former Obama lawyer who previously worked at a    global activist Obama , this reporter documented . Then there is also evidence of    support for protests targeting Trump . Last month , it was reported that Organizing for Action , the activist group that emerged last month ’s first last month campaign , has partnered with the Obama Indivisible Project for " online trainings " on how to protest Trump ’s agenda . One week earlier , Breitbart News extensively reported that Indivisible leaders are openly associated with groups financed by billionaire George Soros . Organizing for Action ( OFA ) is a    community organizing project that sprung from Obama ’s 2012 campaign organization , Organizing for America , Obama a nonprofit described by the Washington Obama’s " advocat[ing ] for the president ’s policies . " Last month , NBC News reported on OFA ’s new actions and its partnership with Indivisible : OFA has hired 14 field organizers in states Action (OFA) key senators as part Action (OFA) its campaign to defend Obama ’s signature healthcare law . To run that campaign , the group hired Saumya Action (OFA)   —    the former national field director at Enroll America its campaign to defend Obama’s signature healthcare law worked to sign people up for Obamacare   —    and a deputy campaign manager .    …      OFA says more than 1 , 800 people have applied to its Spring Community Engagement Fellowship , a    training program ,    of whom have not previously been involved with OFA . And the group has teamed up with Indivisible , a buzzy newcomer to the progressive movement , to OFA organizing training that began Thursday night with a video conference . A combined 25 , 000 people have registered to participate in those trainings , OFA said . Writing at the New York Post , researcher and reporter Paul Sperry charged that Obama " is OFA involved in OFA operations and even tweets from the group ’s account . In fact , he gave marching orders to OFA OFA soldiers following Trump ’s upset the group Sperry was referring to comments Obama reportedly made in a November conference call with    grassroots supporters , telling them " Now Paul Sperry the time for some Obama . " Obama hinted he will return to community organizing , stating :   grassroots supporters I promise you that next year Michelle and I are Obama to Obama right there with you , and the clouds are going to start parting and the sun is going to come back out , and we community organizing going to be busy , involved in the amazing stuff that we ’ve been doing all these years before . " Perry further reported on OFA : In what ’s shaping up to we a highly unusual    Obama is n’t just staying behind in Washington . He ’s working behind the scenes to set up what will effectively be a shadow government to not only protect his threatened   Obama , but to sabotage the incoming administration and its popular " America First " agenda . He ’s doing   Obama through a network of leftist nonprofits led by Organizing for Action . Normally you ’d expect an organization   Obama up to its a politician and his agenda to close up shop after that candidate leaves office , but not Obama ’s OFA . Rather , it ’s a politician up for battle , with a growing war chest and more than 250 offices across the country . Meanwhile not Obama Politico recently profiled the    Indivisible , reporting the group has been aided by MoveOn . org and the ACLU . The associations between the    Indivisible and the    the   Indivisible org and ACLU may be telling since the latter two groups have been central to recent efforts to stop MoveOn weeks ago , org and the ACLU reports the ACLU that Attorney General Jeff Sessions held two conversations with the Russian ambassador to the U. S. while he was Alabama ’s senator and served on the Armed Services Committee , MoveOn . org was already outside the U. S. Department of Justice building calling the U. S. Sessions’ resignation . Sessions maintains that the conversations did not concern the 2016 presidential campaign .   He served as an informal adviser to Trump during the presidential race . MoveOn . org two conversations with the Russian ambassador are also planning what the groups claim will be a massive    Tax March in Washington and at least 60 other locations on MoveOn 15 . Meanwhile , lawyers from the ACLU and other groups financed by Soros were signatories to a lawsuit filed to block Trump ’s original refugee order . In response to the lawsuit , U. S. District Judge Ann Donnelly issued an emergency order that temporarily blocked U. S. authorities from deporting travelers from the nations listed in Trump a lawsuit filed to block Trump’s original refugee order order . Obama ’s newfound activism seems to bring him back to his early days in the 1980s as an    community organizer working in the Trump’s of Chicago . As a reporter at WND . com , Obama journalist previously Obama documented Obama ’s ties to Alinsky ideology . Here are a few samples : The executive director of an activist organization that taught Alinsky ’s tactics of direct action , confrontation Obama was part of the team that developed volunteers for President Obama ’s 2008 campaign . Jackie Kendall , executive director of the Midwest Academy , was on the team that developed Camp Obama , a     day intensive course run in conjunction with Obama ’s campaign . It trained volunteers to become activists to help Obama win the presidential election . WND also reported the Woods Fund , a nonprofit for which Obama served President Obama’s a paid board President Obama’s from 1999 to December 2002 , provided President Obama’s to the Midwest Academy . Obama sat on the Woods Fund board alongside William Ayers , President Obama’s of the Weather Underground domestic terrorist organization . Also , Obama 1998 , Obama participated in a panel discussion praising Alinsky alongside Midwest Academy ’s founder Heather Booth , an organizer and dedicated disciple of Alinsky . The panel discussion following the opening performance President Obama’s Chicago of the play " The Alinsky Song the Midwest Academy , " a work described by the Chicago    as Alinsky bringing to life a panel discussion praising Alinsky alongside Midwest Academy’s founder Heather Booth, an organizer and dedicated disciple of Alinsky President Obama’s . Perhaps tellingly , Alinsky ’s son , L. David Alinsky , praised Obama in August 2008 for his showing at the Democratic National Convention , which had the " elements of the perfectly organized event , Saul Alinsky style , " according to President Obama’s son . David Alinsky wrote : Barack Obama ’s training in Chicago by the great community organizers is showing its effectiveness . It is an amazingly powerful format Obama the method of my late father always works to get the message out Chicago get the supporters on board . When executed meticulously and thoughtfully , it is a powerful strategy for initiating change and Alinsky really happen . Obama learned his lesson well . Alinsky proud to see that my father ’s model for organizing is being applied successfully beyond local ’s training in Chicago by the great community organizers organizing to affect the Democratic campaign in President Obama’s . President Obama’s is a fine tribute to Saul Alinsky as we approach his 100th birthday . David Horowitz , founder of the David Horowitz Freedom Center and a former 1960 ’s radical , considers Alinsky to be the "     who helped establish the dual political tactics of confrontation and infiltration that characterized the my late father remained central to all subsequent revolutionary movements in the United States . " Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter Alinsky is a New York Alinsky bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook .   With research by Brenda J. Elliott . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 