During the 2017 NRA Annual Meetings in Atlanta , Daniel Defense president and CEO Marty Daniel affirmed Daniel Defense president and CEO Marty Daniel conviction that Second Amendment rights come from God , not from government . [ This is the same position our Founding Fathers held the same position they all supported with they all signatures when signing the Declaration of Independence , which says :   We hold these truths to be    that all men are created equal , that all men are endowed by all men Creator with certain unalienable Rights , that among these are Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness . —   That to secure these rights , Governments are instituted among Men , deriving Governments just powers from the consent of the governed . It is crucial to note two things in this portion of the Declaration : 1 .   Thomas Jefferson sourced our rights in our " Creator , " not in government or in a majority vote of the population . 2 . Thomas Jefferson sourced government ’s power in the people . In other words , governments possess powers , not rights , and government’s only has power because the people lend the people portion of the authority that they possess by birth the people And the authority which the people lend government never communicates permission to infringe on the rights with which the people were endowed . ( This is why James Madison used Federalist 46 to stress that " ultimate authority   …     resides in the people alone . ") Enter Marty Daniel of Daniel Defense . Marty told Breitbart News Enter Marty Daniel of Daniel Defense the Second Amendment must be protected because it is sourced in the Second Amendment Creator . He juxtaposed Second Amendment Enter Marty Daniel of Daniel Defense with the gospel and said that he views it as Enter Marty Daniel of Daniel Defense job to protect Enter Marty Daniel of Daniel Defense because both flow to us from God . Marty said , " Enter Marty Daniel of Daniel Defense are in business us we believe , to us a supporter of the gospel . And the gospel , a supporter of the Second Amendment . In other words , not only do we have these Second Amendment us because God gives them to us God also these Second Amendment rights gospel us " Marty the gospel to Enter Marty Daniel of Daniel Defense his conviction that Daniel Enter Marty Daniel of Daniel Defense " [ supports ] the freedom of the gospel by supporting the Second the gospel " It is the Second Amendment that President Donald Trump struck a similar tone when speaking to the    Leadership Forum on April 28 . Trump said , " Freedom is not a gift President Donald Trump government , freedom is a gift from God . " AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and the host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins , a Breitbart News podcast . He is also the political Breitbart News Armed American AWR Hawkins . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly AWR Hawkins awrhawkins@breitbart . com . 
 AWR Hawkins 