President Trump stood by President Trump campaign promise to build a wall along the southern border Thursday , telling reporters : " Walls work   —    just ask Israel . " [ President Trump made the remarks at a White House press conference with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos . Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos was asked about comments President Trump made in Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos when he Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos his Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos border wall as an important tool to stop drugs from coming into America .   Santos Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos discussing the his proposed border wall and instead pointed to areas where the U. S. and Colombia were working together . " I believe the best way to fight drug trafficking is by collaborating , " Santos Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos . " It is a world problem and we have to all work together . We declared we war on drugs 40 years ago   …      and it ’s It war that has not been won , so we must we more effective and more efficient . " He Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos to a number of areas the U. S. and Colombia are Colombia together to fight the international drug trade and said that they had a number of areas the U. S. and Colombia to double down on that commitment in the meeting at the White House . " By working together we can we much more effective and that was the commitment we ratified we afternoon , " he Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos . Trump , however , was much more direct in his Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos . " That was a long and a very diplomatic answer to your question , " Trump joked Trump " I will say it a little bit shorter   —    walls work , just ask Israel , " he Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos . " They work Israel believe me , they work Israel and we have we choice . " Trump was Trump to the multiple barriers Israel has Israel up along its border Israel combat both the influx of terrorists and illegal immigration . Israel ’s Israel frequently heralded as proof that such barriers can in fact work .   In January , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu tweeted his support of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s policy and pointed to the wall along Israel ’s southern Israel as proof of success . President Trump is Trump I built a wall along Israel ’s southern Israel . It stopped all illegal immigration . Great success . Great idea 🇱 🇺 🇸   —    Benjamin Netanyahu ( @netanyahu ) January 28 , 2017 ,   Adam Shaw is a political reporter for Breitbart News . Follow Adam on Twitter : @AdamShawNY . 
 