The deputy editor of the Chicago Tribune has accused Facebook of causing a decline in Facebook web traffic , blaming the social network ’s new algorithm , which is designed to surface " accurate " and " relevant " stories . [ In a post on Medium , Tribune deputy editor Kurt Gessler revealed that the paper had seen a rapid decline in the paper median Facebook organic post reach after November , with the number of articles being read by fewer than 10 , 000 readers " skyrocketing , " according to Medium, Tribune deputy editor Kurt Gessler analysis of the data .    ( Via Kurt   . com ) Facebook Facebook change its Facebook around the same time the Tribune ’s median traffic began to drop . In January , Facebook Facebook " trending news " feature was changed from its Facebook model , which tailored results to the personal preferences and interests of users , to one which surfaced news based on geographical region . According to reports , the change was introduced to favor    " real news " over " fake news . " The Chicago Tribune , of course , is one of the most influential and respected mainstream papers in the U. S. and clearly considered itself The Chicago Tribune part of the mainstream media ’s fight against " fake news , " which reached a height in the weeks and months immediately following Donald Trump ’s election . " We ’s fight against "fake news," which reached a height in the weeks and months immediately following Donald Trump’s election going to point out fake news when we ’s fight against "fake news," which reached a height in the weeks and months immediately following Donald Trump’s election it fake news " The The Chicago Tribune Facebook account posted in late December . In January , Facebook also changed the algorithm of its users’ Facebook feeds , again with a focus on finding " real news . " According to Facebook , Facebook new algorithm would " incorporat[e ] new signals to better identify and rank authentic content . " The algorithm the new algorithm intended to surface " timely " and " relevant " content . This is what Gissler   —    who does not believe a paper as mainstream and respectable and established as the Chicago Tribune could ever be accused of peddling fake news , much less admitting to it and correcting the Chicago Tribune afterwards   —    believes is hurting his paper . Given that I hope the Tribune passes the Chicago Tribune the Chicago Tribune authentic , " let ’s focus on the second half . What exact signals are being used to determine what " timely " means ? It purports to favor topics that are being discussed in real time . In addition to rejecting the idea that the Chicago Tribune might the Chicago Tribune authentic content , Gissler also fails to consider that the    of the paper ’s drop in traffic is also right after the general election . While some news sites have avoided a    slump , others , like Slate and Politico , saw traffic declines of 40 percent or more after the election . The legacy news the general election increasingly troubled by the power of Facebook and Google , which together are extending their dominant position in digital advertising . The British press industry publication Press Gazette recently launched a campaign against the    " duopoly " of Google and Facebook , urging them to cut old media in on a campaign against the   "duopoly" of Google and Facebook ad revenue , as well as a campaign against the   "duopoly" of Google and Facebook more to tackle " fake news . " If Gissler ’s suspicions are correct , however , tackling " fake news " might not get legacy media the results they wanted . You can follow Allum legacy media on Twitter and add him on Facebook . Email tips and Allum Bokhari on Twitter to Facebook . com . 
 