Talk show host Chelsea Handler called President Donald Trump a " f*cking loser " at a benefit for the Los Angeles Public Library Saturday night , as Chelsea Handler joked that Trump ’s bestselling book The Art of the Deal had made a significant " impact " on Chelsea Handler life . [ " I think the way we have come together is so inspiring , " the     Chelsea host said at the Young Literati Toast in Los Angeles , according to the Hollywood Reporter .   " I would have hoped that would have happened before the election , but I ’ll f*cking take the election because the election ’s so much better to be friends with people you would never talk to before just because we all know that Donald Trump is a f*cking loser , " she added . The Saturday night event , held by the Library Foundation of Los Angeles to benefit the L. A. Public Library , saw a number of celebrities   —    including Silicon Valley star Kumail Nanjiani , Veep‘s Timothy Simons and Fresh Off the Boat actress Constance Wu   —    read excerpts from books that have inspired them . " I was browsing through the books in the the L. A. Public Library came across a book that would change the course of my life forever , " Handler reportedly said about The Art of the Deal , Trump ’s 1987 bestseller . " The story of this man Handler , successes and setbacks were exactly what I needed because of the impact it has made in my life my life According to THR , the money raised at Saturday ’s event will go to pay for the establishment of    Student Zones at the library , where children can have access to computers , school supplies , and tutoring . Handler has been a Handler critic of the president , and has extended her criticism to members Handler Trump ’s family . At the Sundance Film Festival in January   —    where the talk show host led a Women ’s March protest against Trump   —    Handler said she would never interview Handler Lady Melania Trump Trump   barely Handler English . " The First Lady reportedly speaks five languages Trump   , Handler attacked Trump ’s Handler grandchild in a tweet but misspelled Trump   word " genes , " leading Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump to respond to her with the correct spelling .    Follow Daniel Trump   on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 