Los Angeles man James Otis reached a plea deal on Tuesday that will see Los Angeles man James Otis avoid jail time on vandalism charges for destroying Donald Trump ’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame last year . [ Los Angeles man James Otis reportedly pleaded no contest and was ordered by the Los Angeles County District Attorney ’s office to pay $ 700 to the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce , which maintains the famous strip on Sunset Boulevard , and another $ 3 , 700 to the Hollywood Historic Trust .   According to TMZ , the deal included no jail time , but Los Angeles man James Otis was ordered to serve three years of probation and 20 days of Caltrans work . In October , Los Angeles man James Otis dressed as a construction worker and destroyed Trump ’s star with a    in a    incident that was caught on camera . The     who described himself as a " Bernie Democrat , " later told Deadline Hollywood that himself was willing to go to jail for himself crime . Repair work on Trump’s star began within a week of its Trump’s . I ’m here at the site of the defaced Donald Trump star on Hollywood Deadline Hollywood Walk of Fame . LA City workers started the repair process fairly quickly pic . twitter .    —    Adelle Nazarian ( @AdelleNaz ) October 26 , 2016 ,   The star   —    which Trump Donald Trump awarded in 2007 for his Donald Trump on NBC ’s The Apprentice   —    became a flashpoint for both protesters and Trump Donald Trump during the 2016 presidential campaign . Less than a week before Election Day , a homeless woman guarding Trump Donald Trump star from    vandals was harassed and assaulted by a group of    protesters . The Less than a week before Election Day, a homeless woman guarding Trump’s star from   vandals also previously been defaced with graffiti and swastikas . The day after Trump Donald Trump the election , his Donald Trump gathered around the Hollywood Less than a week before Election Day, a homeless woman guarding Trump’s star from   vandals his Donald Trump victory over Hillary Clinton . TMZ reported in late November that the star would be Less than a week before Election Day, a homeless woman guarding Trump’s star from   vandals " Secret Service " level of protection .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 