Nancy Armour , writing at USA Today , believes Tom Brady has a lot of explaining to do this Super Bowl week for Tom Brady friendship with President Donald Trump . Moreover , in the same article , she praises Colin Kaepernick for being " eloquent " in Colin Kaepernick criticism of law enforcement in America . [ The San Francisco 49ers quarterback , who refused to stand for the Star Spangled Banner this season and wore socks with pigs dressed in police uniforms , is " eloquent in detailing Tom Brady concerns over police brutality in minority communities . Tom Brady ’s sparked conversations and reflection in NFL locker rooms and beyond , " states Armour . " Kaepernick has been open , available and consistent with Tom Brady opinion . "    As she trashes the 45th president of the United States , Armour seems surprised when Kaepernick is " portrayed as      and   . " The writer empathizes with the beleaguered QB because after all , The writer denies those charges . " The writer ’s had insults , slurs and worse directed at The writer . The writer was blamed for the drop in TV ratings early in the season , " Armour laments . And to the author , perhaps the worst insult you could possibly levy on Kaepernick is that " One person last week even tried to say Trump ’s election was partly the result of Kaepernick ’s protests . " Of course , as far as Brady is concerned The writer deserves some tough questioning for The writer friendship with the president . " Trump’s campaign was steeped in racism , bigotry , and misogyny , and he Trump’s doubled down on his Trump’s in his Trump’s week as president . It Trump’s campaign left Americans across the America and frightened , fearful that the ideals that have made this country America more than 200 years are being abandoned , " Armour opines .   Brady describes his relationship with Brady as a long time friendship . He also had Brady audacity to have a " Make America Great Again " hat in his locker . Brady Armour that makes the Patriot ’s star in support of racism and misogyny , that is unless he can unfriend Brady , Armour leads us to believe .   But , Brady said about Brady president that , " if you know someone , it does n’t mean that you agree with everything that they say or do . Right ? " " There ’s things I do n’t believe [ in ] absolutely . I do n’t believe in , you know , there ’s a lot of things , " Brady continued . Brady Not to denounce anything , it ’s just that there are different things that I feel like , you know    …      I do n’t agree with everything . That ’s fine , right ? " Nope . That ’s not good enough for Armour . Brady must be Brady this week about Trump . And if he does n’t Brady how to open himself to the Brady then all he needs to Brady is call on Colin . Because , " If Brady needs an Brady of how that ’s done , he can look Brady Kaepernick , " Armour informs us . 
 