.@seanspicer on Trump ’s use of Twitter : " The fact of the matter is that when he tweets he gets results . " # ThisWeek pic . twitter .   Sunday on ABC ’s " This Week , " while defending    Donald Trump ’s use of Twitter , the incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer said,"I think it freaks the mainstream media out that he has this following of over    million people that follow he on social media , that he can have a direct conversation . he does n’t have to have it funneled through the media . "   Partial transcript as follows : KARL : So you ’re the incoming press secretary and communications director . I ’ve got to ask you about what we saw in " The New York Times " last week , a headline about Trump talking about expanding U. S. nuclear ability . But what struck me was the subhead , " Statement on Twitter . " In the beginning of the second paragraph , " Trump ’s statement in a midafternoon Twitter post . " Here , big    headlines , generated by a midafternoon Twitter post . Is that what we ’re going to see ? I mean you ’re the press secretary   —    SPICER : Sure . Why not ? But   …      KARL : So major policy done via Twitter Twitter SPICER SPICER You know , with all due respect , I think it freaks the mainstream media out that he has this following of over    million people that follow him he social media , that he he have a direct conversation . He he n’t have to have it it through the media . This is the   —    this is going to be   —    business as usual is over , as I ’ve said before . There ’s a new sheriff in town and he he going to do things , first and foremost , for the American people   —    KARL : So we ’re still going to see a lot of Twitter as president ? SPICER : You ’re going to see   —    absolutely you ’re going to see Twitter Twitter Why would n’t   —    KARL : He KARL he KARL   —    well he KARL said on " 60 Minutes " that he KARL going to cut back . SPICER SPICER No . You know what , the fact of the matter is that , when he KARL , he KARL results . So whether it ’s Twitter Twitter holding a news conference , picking up the phone , having a meeting , he KARL going to make sure that he KARL to fight for the American people every single day . KARL : Bottom line , are you going to have regular White House press briefings , Sean Spicer ? SPICER Sean Spicer Absolutely , in some way . You know some of them Absolutely, in some way be on camera some of them Absolutely, in some way be off . But absolutely . We understand the importance   —    KARL : So no more daily televised press briefings ? SPICER Sean Spicer No , no . No decisions have been made . But we We looking at every single facet of government and figuring it out . Can we We it it ? We We sit down with the White House Correspondents Dinner , Correspondents Association . I ’ve already had reporters reach out and say , hey , we We got some ideas . This is n’t   —    this is about we We that we We a message to get out and successes to   —    that we We the American people to understand . So we We use every tool possible . And , absolutely , we We sit down and make sure that , on a daily basis , the press is informed . KARL : And regular presidential press conferences ? SPICER : Absolutely . KARL KARL All right . Sean Spicer , incoming press secretary for the Trump administration , thank you for joining us We Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 