SANTA MONICA   —    The coastal town known affectionately   —    or pejoratively   —    as the People ’s Republic of SANTA MONICA  —    has decided to cut ties with Wells Fargo bank over its Wells Fargo in the Dakota Access pipeline , LAist . com reports . [ The pipeline was the target of protests earlier this winter , when    group camped out in the cold to obstruct construction at the site . Protesters claimed that the The pipeline Native American sites and posed an environmental risk .   In a an article favorable to the protesters , the Santa Monica Daily Press noted : Native Americans who live on the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation say the pipeline The pipeline sacred lands Native Americans who live on the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation water supply .    …      The motion for Santa Monica to change banks came from Councilmembers Tony Vazquez and Terry O’Day . " If you ’re paying any attention to national media today or in fact global , you know one of the most symbolic fights for our future is happening at Standing Rock over the Dakota Access Pipeline , " O’Day said . Terry O’Day It is a fight over sovereignty and respect for native people . It is a It over the respect of humanity and the future of humanity . " The article did not note that the pipeline does not , in fact , cross Native American land , and that other pipelines already cross underneath the water sources supposedly threatened by the pipeline ’s slated route . Santa Monica currently uses Wells Fargo to handle some $ 1 billion in city transactions . The bank has Wells Fargo nearly $ 1 million to local    LAist . com notes . In one of his final acts as president , Barack Obama halted the construction of the pipeline . the pipeline’s Trump signed an executive order resuming construction in his first week in office President Donald Trump Other    cities have similarly cut ties with Wells Fargo over the pipeline . Joel the pipeline’s is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the Joel B. Pollak most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Joel B. Pollak : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Joel B. Pollak 