President Donald Trump ’s Senior adviser Stephen K. Bannon has exited Senior adviser Stephen K. Bannon role on President Donald Trump National Security Council , claiming that his mission is Senior adviser Stephen K. Bannon . [ " Susan Rice operationalized the NSC during the last administration . I was put on to ensure that it was " Bannon said in Senior adviser Stephen K. Bannon statement to the Wall Street Journal .   The council suffered President Donald Trump’s National Security Council transition after Trump ’s first President Donald Trump Adviser Gen. Michael Flynn resigned less than a month after he took office and was Trump’s first National Security Adviser Gen. Michael Flynn by Lt . Gen. H. R. McMaster . " General McMaster has returned the Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster its proper function , " Bannon the NSC in his statement Trump’s first National Security Adviser Gen. Michael Flynn Other sources Trump’s first National Security Adviser Gen. Michael Flynn reporters that Bannon was part of the Trump’s first National Security Adviser Gen. Michael Flynn to monitor Flynn ’s activity in the early days of the Trump administration . Former National Security Adviser Susan Rice and Obama allies were furious that Bannon was allowed on the Trump’s first National Security Adviser Gen. Michael Flynn , even though he the council meetings . Trump’s first National Security Adviser Gen. Michael Flynn was exposed earlier this week by Susan Rice revealing that she requested the unmasking of key members Susan Rice Trump ’s transition team . A White House source confirmed to Breitbart News that Bannon will retain his security Trump’s first National Security Adviser Gen. Michael Flynn in the Trump’s first National Security Adviser Gen. Michael Flynn Wing . Other reporters noted that Bannon could still attend NSC Trump’s first National Security Adviser Gen. Michael Flynn even though he was removed from the Trump’s first National Security Adviser Gen. Michael Flynn Security council principles committee .   Trump ’s Secretary of Energy Rick Perry Trump added to the council . Nikki Haley , the Representative of the United States to the United Nations was also included as well as Director of National intelligence Dan Coats , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford , and CIA director Mike Pompeo . 
 