It is gratifying to watch the media suddenly discover such concepts as the independence of the judiciary , conflicts of interest , and press freedom . For the eight years of President Barack Obama ’s tenure , the media treated conservatives who raised those concerns as racists , or cranks , or both . [ Now   —    as predicted   —       are suddenly en vogue . The media pounce on every Tweet   —    every joke   —    as an sign of the imminent , lawless tyranny that President Donald Trump will foist upon us all .   Not so fast . And not without an apology first   —    from all of you , from every single journalist who covered up Obama ’s abuses , from every    " good government " champion who looked the other way , from every pundit that    the IRS scandal or excused Hillary ’s email server or said nothing when " stimulus " cash went to Obama ’s cronies and political allies . I ’m talking about people like Norm Eisen , who left Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington ( CREW ) to become Obama’s ethics czar . There , he opened White House visitor logs to the public   —    a new policy that Obama relied upon , for years , to claim that his he the most transparent administration in history . Except , as Andrew Breitbart pointed out , once you found someone ’s name on the White House visitor , the White House would not tell you whether they were the White House that person , or someone else . Meanwhile , Obama staffers simply took to meeting lobbyists and other dubious characters across the street . Eisen has suddenly surfaced as a talking head on television , blasting the Trump administration ’s supposed conflicts of interest . He was Eisen high dudgeon on Thursday morning over Kellyanne Conway ’s joke on Fox   Friends   —    " Go buy Ivanka ’s stuff "   —    which was a response to controversy over whether Nordstrom pulled Ivanka Trump ’s products for political or business reasons . Yet Eisen and his ilk Eisen silent in 2012 when President Obama touted J. P. Morgan bank , where his own J. P. Morgan sat . My Breitbart News colleague Peter Schweizer is concerned that President Trump and his staff My Breitbart News colleague Peter Schweizer have crossed a line in their defense President Trump and his staff Ivanka Trump . He is My Breitbart News colleague Peter Schweizer to make that criticism , because he spent My Breitbart News colleague Peter Schweizer past several years documenting conflicts of interest by members of both parties . In 2011 , when Schweizer revealed Peter Schweizer 80 % of the loans made by President Obama ’s Department of Energy went to campaign donors , most of the people complaining today about a Tweet were saying nothing . Eisen told MSNBC on Thursday that President Trump Trump’s He added Eisen Trump ’s President Trump of the courts was unprecedented : " We have n’t seen this in a White House , " he said Eisen Perhaps Eisen was Eisen busy enjoying Prague to notice in 2012 when Obama warned the Supreme Court not to overturn Obamacare . Or maybe he slept Eisen the State of the Union in 2010 , when Obama rebuked the Supreme Court for Citizens United . On that occasion , the media had Obama lot the Supreme Court —    not about Obama ’s appalling insult to judicial independence , but about Justice Samuel Alito , who shook Obama head and mouthed the words " not true " as Obama distorted the opinion of the Court . So supine was the press under Obama that Obama barely bothered to defend themselves , the Supreme Court the administration spied on them Obama lied about trying to prosecute them . When they they complained , it was about access to they ’s golf games on vacation . they wrongs do they make a right . And Obama is no better for a Republican president than a Democratic one to mock the judiciary , to attack the media , or to make public statements for private benefit . But some of us   —    myself included   —    were critical of both Obama and Trump in those areas , long before the mainstream media suddenly discovered their principles Obama Most have failed to own up to their past negligence   —    or complicity . Obama and Trump owe America an apology before their criticisms can be Obama and Trump seriously . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     Obama and Trump Breitbart News . He was Obama and Trump one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new Joel B. Pollak , How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery Joel B. Pollak Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 