WASHINGTON , D. C.   —      DNC Chair Tom Perez called President Donald Trump ’s first joint address to Congress " Steve Bannon on steroids with a smile " during an interview with Rachel Maddow on MSNBC , where Steve Bannon appeared with Steve Bannon appointed deputy chair , Keith Ellison . [ Keith Ellison laughed , raised Keith Ellison eyebrows , and looked at Tom Perez after Keith Ellison made that statement .   According to one MSNBC reporter , when asked about Trump ’s speech , Tom Perez sarcastically clapped : " Oh , Keith Ellison read a TelePrompTer ! ! It ’s like my kid ate and did n’t spill ! " When asked about the speech DNC Chair Tom Perez sarcastically clapped :   " oh , Keith Ellison read a TelePrompTer ! ! It ’s like my kid ate and did n’t spill ! "   —    Michael LaRosa ( @MichaelLaRosaDC ) March 1 , 2017 ,   Tom Perez said Trump started out his Trump " alternative facts . " He charged Trump Trump " Trump credit for things [ he ] Trump nothing to do with   …      . All these new companies are adding jobs . " He added Trump sarcastically , that " since January 20 , the Washington Wizards have one of the best records in the NBA , including they beat the Washington Wizards Golden State Warriors tonight . Must have been Trump . Trump Trump started Trump speech Trump Tuesday night reminding the nation of Black History Month and condemning the recent spate of    attacks : Tonight , as we mark the conclusion of our celebration we Black History Month , we are we of our Nation ’s path toward civil rights and the work that still remains . Recent threats targeting Jewish Community Centers and vandalism of Jewish cemeteries , as well as last week ’s shooting in Kansas City , remind us that we we may we a Nation divided on policies , we are we country that stands united in condemning hate and evil in all its forms . Each American generation passes the torch of truth , liberty and justice   —    in an unbroken chain all the way down to the present . That torch is now in our hands . And we will our it to That torch up the world .   I am here tonight to deliver a message of unity and strength , and it is a message deeply delivered from my heart . In his interview with MSNBC , Perez continued , " Then you move on to immigrant baiting . You know , that immigrant immigrant baiting the salt and pepper on the table of that Trump administration . " He said Perez " And then you close it up with a bunch of promises that you ’ll never keep . And frankly , some of the promises , I ’m glad they ca n’t keep some of the promises because the Affordable Care Act is a lifesaver . It ’s not a the Affordable Care Act killer . " Ellison took the opportunity to recruit for the Democratic Party . " This is a good time to get    with the Democratic Party , the Democratic Party have a level of organization the Democratic Party unity , commitment and passion that , I think , is going to serve the American people very well . " Perez added : " Our most important area of agreement , and we have many , is that Our need to redefine the mission Our the Democratic Party . " Follow the Democratic Party Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz 
 