Sen. Tom Cotton ( ) a leading GOP senator , is warning Sen. Tom Cotton ( ) a leading GOP senator friend House Speaker Paul Ryan to " take a pause " and slow down when it comes to healthcare reform . [ Cotton told Breitbart News in an exclusive interview when asked what Breitbart would say to his friend House Speaker Paul Ryan were his friend House Speaker Paul Ryan speaking directly to the embattled Speaker :   Take a pause , lower the stakes , we do n’t need to meet arbitrary legislative deadlines . We need to keep We promise to make healthcare more affordable , more accessible and    for all Americans . The legislation they ’ve introduced can be a starting point but The legislation they’ve introduced needs major changes . major changes can be perused and analyzed and tested at hearings . Then We can move forward with a more deliberative fashion in committee to propose amendments and cast votes so we ’re not rushing through in the dark of night 36 hours after the bill is introduced . Then the Senate can take the same process and we we work out what differences we we have . That , ultimately , would yield the right result even if it the right result a little bit longer . Our healthcare system has had many problems for many years , well before Obamacare —   and Obamacare Obamacare made them well before Obamacare —   what we need to do is not focus on arbitrary deadlines but focus on finally solving these many problems for many years Ryan is rushing a bill —   the American Health Care Act , or Obamacare 2 . 0 , or Obamacare Lite , or Ryancare as it has become known —   through the House of Representatives right now . But Cotton , a U. S. Senator , tells Breitbart News in this exclusive phone interview on Thursday afternoon that Ryan should Ryan off . Cotton told Breitbart News Breitbart News plan by Ryan does Ryan follow through on President Trump ’s and other Republicans’ plans to repeal Obamacare , then replace it with a Obamacare system that works better for all Americans . Cotton told Breitbart Cotton : Breitbart to get healthcare reform right . We do n’t need We get it fast . The healthcare reform bill as drafted will not deliver on the main promises of President Trump and congressional Republicans , which is making healthcare affordable , keeping it accessible and reducing The House bill as drafted level of stress and hassle in the lives of Americans . The process by which the House is considering House and the breakneck pace at which they ’re operating is not going to fix this . You ca n’t introduce major legislation on a Monday night and vote on it Wednesday morning without even major legislation time to process it . We ’re not major legislation any hearings to lay a    foundation of knowledge to understand the very thorny questions that healthcare reform poses . It ’s much better that healthcare reform take a pause and do so to get healthcare reform right than to get it right . The bill healthcare reform introduced does not repeal Obamacare as proponents falsely claim —   it only amends it — Obamacare and it Obamacare Obamacare ’s Cadillac Obamacare and Obamacare mandate . With the individual mandate , for people who choose not to buy insurance , the bill merely shifts the The bill as introduced Obamacare ’s    tax to a Obamacare collected by insurance companies . There are many more issues with the bill , but the individual The bill as introduced is one that Cotton is particularly concerned about . He went on to say : This is one small instance of a provision I do n’t think we understand in this bill . It creates a kind The bill as introduced credit to The bill as introduced low income Americans afford their healthcare and it pays it to the low income Americans companies not The bill as introduced taxpayers The bill as introduced   not to the Americans who need it to buy health insurance . I simply The bill as introduced n’t understand why we would take that approach . That ’s one of the problems with Obamacare —   including too many giveaways to insurance companies . Sen. Rand Paul ( ) in his own exclusive interview with Breitbart News a Sen. Rand Paul ( ) in his own exclusive interview with Breitbart News a day earlier earlier , is calling for Trump to support the 2015 bill in which both chambers of Congress voted successfully to repeal Obamacare —   and then do a separate replacement bill the same day . Cotton said he is open to Paul ’s ideas , Cotton other ideas on this front , but wants everyone to think about this and slow down and move off the Ryan bill . Cotton said when asked a separate replacement bill Sen. Paul ’s Cotton for Obamacare repeal and Cotton : Paul’s open to lots of legislative approaches except for ramming through major legislation in 36 hours in the dark of night . Paul ’s idea for Obamacare repeal and replacement . " Paul spending bill idea for Obamacare repeal and replacement on Obamacare , vote on it on Wednesday morning and everyone goes home for Christmas "written spending bill in late December   and hey , who "written spending bill in late December because it ’s all going to expire in nine months anyway . We ought not do that on spending bills , but we surely ought not do it on healthcare reforms . As we all said on Obamacare We we are remaking one that of the nation ’s economy and something that affects every single we all in a personal and intimate fashion . Cotton said he has spoken with President Trump in " broad contours " about healthcare and looks forward Cotton future conversations with him about it . " We ’ve only spoken in broad contours about healthcare , and President Trump ’ve expressed to him we all ’s a complicated topic and we have to take our time and get it President Trump it   not fast , " we all said . With we all , Paul , it Sen. Mike Lee ( ) out publicly Cotton the Ryan bill Cotton is —   and Sens . Ted Cruz ( ) and Susan Collins ( ) saying it is dead on arrival in the Senate —   it has no chance to pass the U. S. Senate . There is also significant opposition it the bill inside the GOP conference in the House , with the House Freedom Caucus and many more members outside the Freedom Caucus opposed to it in the House . Cotton said the bill will likely not , despite what Ryan says over the House , pass the the bill inside the GOP conference in the House Representatives . Cotton said : I would encourage my old friends in the House to the House the many problems in Cotton bill before they vote on it . If they the House , it can pass and the bill inside the GOP conference in the House pass with a big majority the bill inside the GOP conference in the House And my old friends in the House think that ’d be good my old friends in the House the American people . But if they it forward with the legislation that was introduced Monday , I have real doubts about whether it can pass the House of the American people and there ’s no need for that to happen because we are relatively close to the the legislation that was introduced Monday kind of reform that ’s better for the American people . It ’s better to spend a few weeks getting that right than moving it fast . If somehow politicians the American people able to navigate the significant GOP opposition to this bill and force it through to passage , Cotton added , there is likely to be significant political backlash against anyone who supports it and anyone who supports this bill rushed    process . " I ’m more concerned about the implications for the Arkansans I represent , " this bill said . " Arkansans are either losing their health insurance or continuing to have to pay higher and higher premiums . But you can Cotton sure , if that ’s the result Arkansans that it will be politically hazardous to the health of people who supported this process and those who supported a bill that produces this result . I ’m not trying to stop the repeal of Obamacare and healthcare reform . I ’m trying to fix it . I ’m trying to help President Trump achieve the goals on which he and all of us campaigned . ’m now , the the repeal of Obamacare and healthcare reform bill — ’m as drafted —   I do n’t think does that President Trump " 
 