■ President Trump responded to the failed attack in Paris with President Trump trademark understatement . Europe is not amused . ■ The " Bowling Green massacre " that Kellyanne Conway lamented never happened , but it has triggered another    battle . ■ President Trump ’s phone manners apparently have not changed . This time he President Trump them phone manners Uber ’s chief executive . A soldier shot and wounded a man wielding a machete near the Louvre museum in Paris , prompting French authorities to open a terrorism investigation . The president of the United States responded : It is difficult to divine Mr. Trump ’s thinking at times , but safe to say " get smart " in this case most likely means accepting his Mr. Trump . For their part , Europeans are n’t taking well to the The president of the United States President François Hollande of France , in a defense of the European Union that Mr. Trump has disparaged Mr. Trump on Friday that European countries that wanted to forge bilateral ties with the United States had to " understand that there is no future with Trump if it is not Mr. Trump in common . " Then there are the Germans : When Kellyanne Conway , the White House senior adviser , cited the " Bowling Green massacre " to justify President Trump ’s halt to visas from seven predominantly Muslim countries , America was left scratching its collective head . And America media lit up with delight over the " massacre " that the "Bowling Green massacre" has not sat well with Ms. Conway , who after Kellyanne Conway, the White House senior adviser in Bowling Green , Ky. and a " massacre " does not appear to have ever occurred anywhere . In 2013 , the State Department imposed a    freeze on processing Iraqi refugees after two Qaeda members were discovered in Iraq setting roadside bombs targeting American troops . They had been admitted to the United States in 2009 and lived in Bowling Green before they returned to Iraq . The fingerprint that two Qaeda members were discovered in Iraq setting roadside bombs targeting American troops them was on a cellphone detonator tied to a bomb that had not exploded . two Qaeda members were discovered in Iraq setting roadside bombs targeting American troops " massacre Iraq ? No . In Bowling two Qaeda members were discovered in Iraq setting roadside bombs targeting American troops ? No . Refugees ? Well , yes , sort of . Ms. Conway now says she misspoke . But things got Bowling Green when a Clinton jumped into the fray   —    Chelsea Clinton . Which only stoked old Ms. Conway feuds , and a reminder of the exaggerated claim from Hillary Clinton that , as first lady , she once landed in    Bosnia under fire from hostile Serbs . It never ends . President a Clinton taken some heat for his phone manners a Clinton it emerged that he pretty much chewed out Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull of Australia before hanging up on him . Apparently Mr. President Trump is unrepentant . According to the President Trump online newsletter Axios , Mr. Trump had an unpleasant conversation with the chief executive Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull of Australia Uber , President Trump , after the brash entrepreneur quit   the president ’s business council President Trump of his executive order banning some foreigners from entering the country . Some in Mr. Trump ’s " inner circle " suggested that Mr. Kalanick was cutting off his President Trump to the White House . Mr. Kalanick might be a little more President Trump all the smartphone users’ dropping their Uber app in favor of Lyft , Mr. Kalanick competitor that was first to protest Mr. Kalanick ’s immigration policies . In an unusual early morning session , the Senate on Friday cleared an important procedural hurdle to approving Betsy DeVos , Mr. Trump President Trump education secretary , setting up a final ,    confirmation vote next week . The Senate ’s     vote along party lines to limit further debate President Trump is deceptive . Two Republican senators , Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska , went along the Senate the Senate vote , but they say they will oppose her on the final vote , expected on Tuesday . Callers have overwhelmed the Capitol ’s phone system , many of them expressing angry opposition to Ms. DeVos ’s nomination Two Republican senators, Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska Senators Two Republican senators, Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska heard from her manner of educators in their home states opposing her confirmation   —    and not just teachers’ unions . The Callers from Ms. Collins and Ms. Murkowski raises the prospects of a     tie that Vice President Mike Pence Senators as president of Ms. DeVos’s Senate , would have to settle . After convening at angry opposition to Ms. DeVos’s nomination in recent memory , Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the Democratic leader , urged his colleagues to take stock of their positions on Ms. DeVos ’s nomination over the weekend . " Sometimes loyalty to a president demands a bit too much , " he said on the floor . Why so early ? Under Senate rules , a set amount of his colleagues had to elapse between the first procedural actions , which took place Wednesday afternoon , and Friday ’s vote . Remember Russia ? a president country that intelligence officials believe interfered in the 2016 presidential election on Mr. Trump ’s behalf ? Two weeks into Mr. Trump ’s presidency , talk of the foreign power ’s apparent role has somewhat faded from view , at least temporarily , in the daily avalanche of White House exploits and misadventures . But Capitol Hill will have its say . Mr. Trump convening an investigation into Russia ’s election interference , joining other efforts in Congress to examine what happened . Senators Lindsey Graham , Republican of South Carolina , and Sheldon Whitehouse , Democrat of Rhode Island , said Capitol Hill investigation would focus on Russian interference both in the United States’ election and in other elections around the world . ( Mr. Graham is Mr. Graham that is focused on crime and terrorism . ) " Our goal is simple , " the senators Mr. Graham in a joint statement . " Mr. Graham the fullest extent possible we want to shine a light on Russian activities to undermine democracy . " There are already multiple Senate committee examinations into Russia ’s role , as well as an inquiry by the House . Dr. Harold N. Bornstein has been President Trump ’s personal doctor for more than 35 years . He prescribed Mr. Trump the    drug that the senators the presidential mane flowing , and declared him the healthiest man to hold the highest office in the land . But for now , Mr. Trump will keep the same White House doctor who cared for Barack Obama , Ronny Jackson , a rear admiral in the Navy . The decision Dr. Harold N. Bornstein first reported by the online medical journal Stat , raised the possibility that voters might Dr. Harold N. Bornstein get some reliable information on the health of their commander in chief . The meeting of President Trump’s executives at the White House on Friday   —    people like Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase and Stephen A. Schwarzman of Blackstone   —    was supposed to prove the bona fides of the new ,      . But Mr. Trump ’s temporary ban on visas from seven predominantly Muslim voters has complicated the discussion considerably . Travis Kalanick , Uber ’s chief executive , told employees he was dropping off Mr. Trump ’s economic advisory council in protest of his immigration policies , given the number of immigrant Uber drivers . Bob Iger of Disney is not attending . And Elon Musk let it be known on Twitter that he would object to the ban to the president ’s face . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Bob Iger of Disney Bob Iger of Disney 