Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has once again blamed Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton widespread unpopularity on misogyny , telling a summit this week that it " certainly played a role " in Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton election defeat to Donald Trump last November . [ " Certainly misogyny played a role , " Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton told a Women in the World Summit on Thursday . " I mean , that has to be admitted . "   Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton then went on to claim that people felt uncomfortable with Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton being a successful woman , claiming that there is an " inverse relationship " between success and popularity that only applies to women . Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton comments were in response to a question on why she Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton the election , to which she Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton she Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton that there was no single reason . " [ Like ] in any campaign , there are so many different crosscurrents and events , and some have a greater impact than others , " she Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton . It is not the first time that Clinton Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton blamed her Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on supposed sexism . During the Democratic Party primaries in April last year , the Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton her low Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton ratings as a result of sexism within the Democratic the Democratic Party , last September Barack Obama blamed Clinton ’s Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton numbers on the notion that " society [ is still ] grappling with what it means to see powerful women . " Another former president , her husband Bill Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton , also argued that sexist men would not vote for his wife because they could Another former president, her husband Bill Clinton " fess sexist men " to the idea of having a woman president . During the election campaign , Hillary Clinton described Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton the Americans supporting Donald Trump as a " basket of deplorables " made up of " racist , sexist , homophobic , xenophobic , Islamophobic " people . She went on to Failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton the Electoral College vote by 232 to Donald Trump ’s 306 . You Donald Trump Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . com 
 Ben Kew on Facebook 