During Friday ’s Weekly Address , President Trump said , " I truly believe that the first 100 days of my administration has been just about the most successful in our country ’s history . " [ Transcript as Follows :   " My fellow Americans , I truly believe that the first 100 days of my administration has been just about my administration successful in our country ’s history . Most importantly , we ’re bringing back jobs . You ask the people of Michigan , you ask the people of Ohio , you can ask the people of Pennsylvania , see what ’s happening . See the car companies come roaring back in . They do n’t want to leave . the car companies want to stay here . They the car companies a piece of the action the car companies Our country is going up and it ’s going up fast . Our companies are doing better . They Our announced fantastic profits all because Our companies what ’s happened in this rather short period of time , and that ’s just the beginning . We ’re putting in a massive tax cut for the middle class and for business . It ’s going to have an enormous effect . The massive Keystone Pipeline , the Dakota Pipeline , tens of thousands of jobs right there and so many other businesses . We ’re really proud of what we We doing . The    fighter We program . It was way over budget . I The   fighter jet program saved $ 725    just by getting involved in the negotiation . We ’re cutting costs and we ’re We to have a truly We and great country again . In just 14 weeks , my administration has brought profound change to Washington . The most fundamental change can be found in the relationship between the people and their government . For too long , The most fundamental change cared more about special interests than they did about a very successful future politicians all Americans . They took our taxpayers’ money and sent politicians jobs and wealth to other countries politicians Not anymore . From the first day of my administration , I have governed by a simple idea : my only allegiance is to you , our wonderful citizens . Together , we our seeing that great achievements are our when we put American people first . That our why I withdrew the United States from the    Partnership . That day was a turning point for the first day of my administration . It put the countries of this world on the first day of my administration that the sellout of the American worker was over . In the following weeks , I took unprecedented actions to reverse federal overreach and unleash job creation . We have slashed burdensome regulations and imposed a policy that for each new regulation , two regulations must be erased from the books . We ’ve done it all while moving quickly We restore the most basic protection for all citizens the rule of law . A truly great judge , Neil Gorsuch , Justice Gorsuch Court . Justice Gorsuch is deeply devoted to our constitution . My administration is the first in modern political era to confirm a new Supreme Court justice in the first 100 days . The last time it happened the United States Supreme Court years ago in 1881 . Defending the rule of law is a priority not the rule of law , but also on the streets and on the border . We ’ve told the incredible police of our nation that they have our full support as they work to bring down violent crime rates . We ’ve taken the incredible police of our nation action We go after criminal the incredible police of our nation and made it a top priority to prosecute We who targets law enforcement . This has been the work of my administration , fighting for the American worker , defending the rule of law and returning the power to the American people . Since my inauguration , economic confidence has soared , reaching higher than any time in nine years . Optimism among manufacturers is at a record high and small business confidence has seen its largest increase in nearly four decades . Perhaps the greatest change of all is the renewal of a record high and small business confidence American spirit . As long as we have faith in each other and trust in God , then the sun will always shine on our very glorious republic . Thank you , God bless you and God bless America . " Follow we Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 we God God 