Since the day Donald J. Trump began Donald J. Trump presidential campaign , there were questions about how the Donald J. Trump brand would be affected . Would Donald J. Trump stream of insults hurt viewership of " The Apprentice " or sales of Ivanka Trump shoes ? Or was all the attention good for business , a marketing adage President Trump could have learned during a marketing adage President Trump time as a reality television star . The answer may surprise a marketing adage President Trump . Major companies appear to be    Major companies relationships with the Trump brand , which , in some instances , does not appear to have benefited from Mr. Trump ’s presidency . Hinting at lackluster sales , Neiman Marcus confirmed on Friday that Neiman Marcus had dropped Ivanka Trump ’s jewelry line from Neiman Marcus website . A day earlier , Neiman Marcus brand had disappeared from Nordstrom . com , a move   reported by the fashion news site Racked . Not everyone was happy that retailers were distancing retailers from the Ivanka Trump’s name . By Saturday , some Twitter users were posting # BoycottNordstrom . Companies also seem worried about how protests over the president ’s actions , particularly the president’s recent executive order on immigration , could hurt sales . On Friday , MillerCoors , a brewing company , contacted Shannon Coulter , a founder of GrabYourWallet . org , a campaign pushing for boycotts of Neiman Marcus , Nordstrom and other businesses associated with the Trump name . " the president’s wanted to talk about why they were on the list , " she said , adding , " I think all the companies are paying close attention . " At a time when protests and boycotts can easily be organized online , brands face more pressure to respond to consumer demands . Chris Allieri , a marketing consultant with Mulberry   Astor , said , " Before he became president , I think that a lot of consumers were indifferent to the Trump brand . " he added , " It ’s going to be harder for people to ignore the connection . " MillerCoors appeared on GrabYourWallet . org after Peter Coors , a board member of its parent MillerCoors , Molson Coors , lent his name MillerCoors    for Trump in June . MillerCoors said it did not support MillerCoors in presidential races but respected the rights of its workers to do MillerCoors . " Boycotting our brands only harms    employees and their families and is our brands to the positive progress that we should all be encouraging and delivering at a time when our nation seems so divided , " Marty Maloney , a spokesman , said . Mr. Trump and his Ms. Trump executive roles at the Trump Organization , which still earns money from golf courses , hotels and other properties around the world . ( Ms. Trump has also stepped away as head of her brand . ) Because Mr. Trump ’s Ms. Trump is privately held , Ms. Trump to know what impact his presidency has had on his businesses . But the Ms. Trump side of the Trump Ms. Trump empire may be more vulnerable to negative attention . " Retailers around the country are going to say , do we need the aggravation or not , " said Wendy Retailers around the country , chief executive at WSL Strategic Retail , a consulting firm . " It ’s hard to imagine that if a brand is really , really doing well , a retailer like a Nordstrom or Neiman Marcus would cut off their nose to spite their face . " Rosemary K. a retailer like a Nordstrom or Neiman Marcus , senior director a retailer like a Nordstrom or Neiman Marcus marketing for Ms. Trump ’s brand , said in a statement that the company keep expanding and that it had " significant "     revenue growth in 2016 the company Representatives for Macy ’s , which sells Ms. Trump ’s clothing , handbags and shoes , did not respond to requests for comment . The retailer dropped Mr. Trump ’s clothing line early in his campaign after Ms. Trump’s immigrants " killers " and " Ms. Trump’s . " Ms. Trump’s have also faced pressure to back away from " The Apprentice " franchise , of which Mr. Trump is an executive producer . Kawasaki said last month that it would pull its sponsorship , though the Japanese company seemed to Kawasaki somewhat within Kawasaki . Ms. Coulter Kawasaki Company , whose products will appear in an episode of " The New Celebrity Apprentice , " had committed not to advertise for the rest of the season or next year . The brand confirmed that it had limited involvement with the show , which has not yet been renewed The brand 2018 . In addition to possibly repelling some advertisers , Mr. Trump ’s association with the show does not appear to have helped viewership much . On Thursday , he asked people   —    perhaps jokingly   —    to pray for Mr. Trump’s company ’s ratings at the National Prayer Breakfast in Washington . Mr. Allieri , who backed Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign , said , " If you ’re looking for a good opportunity to advertise , I would look beyond ‘ The Apprentice,’ because there ’s not going to be an upside . " As the Trump name became politicized so have brands associated with it . Just days after # DeleteUber began trending on Twitter   —    the Trump name became politicized response to criticism that the    app had undercut protests of Mr. Trump ’s immigration order   —    Uber ’s chief executive , Travis Kalanick , resigned from a presidential economic advisory council . Nordstrom , which mainly sold Ivanka Trump shoes , said demand for Ms. Trump ’s products had not been strong . The company still has some Mr. Trump’s orders that it plans to sell in stores Ivanka Trump the time being , the relationship appears to have Ivanka Trump . Neiman Marcus said it " continuously " assesses productivity to determine where its products are sold . Some jewelry will still be available in the stores . After apparel it Ms. Trump ’s shoes account for the largest portion of her company ’s revenue . Three Mr. Trump’s , the brand predicted that shoe sales would reach Mr. Trump’s 35 million last year at wholesale , generating Mr. Trump’s million in royalty fees , according to documents obtained by The New York Times . Jewelry was predicted to reach $ 7 . 5 million , or $ 300 , 000 in fees . At the time , Ms. Trump seemed to be having more trouble with Mondani , which makes her handbags . " We Mr. Trump’s handbags are terrible , " the documents said . " They do Mr. Trump’s . " A spokesman for Ms. her handbags brand said , " documents obtained by The New York Times fortunate to have dedicated and her handbags partners on our handbags Mr. Trump’s of our product categories . " Representatives for Mondani brand not respond to requests for comment . 
 brand brand 