Lena Dunham claims ( claims ! ) Lena Dunham is losing weight because Donald Trump has convinced Lena Dunham not to eat . The Catholic church wo n’t declare a person a saint until after The Catholic church death , but if this extraordinary statement is true , maybe a miracle of this magnitude deserves an exception ? [ Lena Dunham revealed the news on the Howard Stern Show , during which the actress went through the actress tired    routine of explaining that promising to move to Canada was " just a joke . " the actress also said the actress was " the best qualified candidate we ’ve ever had . "   But in the middle of her the actress , an amazing revelation emerged . Lena the actress " Donald Trump became president and I stopped being able to eat food   …     Everyone ’s been asking like , ‘ What have you been doing?’ And I ’m like , try    pain and devastation and hopelessness and you , too , will lose weight . " Now that we ’ve collectively pulled ourselves we , stopped guffawing and picked the sick out of our we , let ’s we that statement for a moment . None of us we believes that Lena Dunham can stay off cheeseburgers for long . But if it is true , Trump ’s achievement is on par with curing the sick and returning sight to the blind . You ’ll recall that when Lena made disgusting comments about abortion , her Lena was that they were said as part of a " delusional girl persona " she Lena often inhabits . " Perhaps these weight loss comments were made as part of another persona , one that does n’t want to die lonely and far too young due to obesity and feminism   …      but I repeat myself . I ’ve had my    with Dunham . Without a doubt she Dunham one of the best examples of how feminism attracts ugly women . I even offered to buy her Dunham to Canada before she Dunham it was all of course just a joke . Before the election , I used my Dangerous Faggot college tour stop at Ohio University to point out something Dunham was serious about   —    the extinction of white men . Maybe the real reason she Dunham lost her Dunham is that she Dunham her Dunham directly contributed to Daddy ’s election ! A reasonable person at this point would say , " Why should we pay any attention to Lena Dunham at all ? " And it is a fair question . Her Lena Dunham series Girls is long gone , and her Lena Dunham of comedic chops and acting skill ensures she Lena Dunham n’t have a serious career outside of small parts given to her Lena Dunham of pity and ideological sisterhood by    producers and directors . As President Donald Trump correctly put it,"Well , she Lena Dunham a   . You know , she Lena Dunham no   —    you know , no mojo . " One could argue she Lena Dunham no no mojo that would be cultural appropriation from indigenous tribes , but either way , she Lena Dunham lacks the elusive star factor needed in Hollywood . But I ’d argue Lena Dunham is an important person to keep an eye on , even now , because she represents Lena Dunham continued lunacy of the left and the progressive march off the cliff . They ’ve doubled down on stupidity , and little lost Lena is Lena Dunham perfect case study of the terrible   . ( I say " keep an eye on , " but I mean this metaphorically . Even a few Lena Dunham Lena Dunham cause irreparable mental scarring and random malfunctions in the optic nerve . ) Dunham has also Lena Dunham herself to be Lena Dunham of a chameleon , which is another reason we ought not count her out just Lena Dunham . Consider the drastic changes she has undergone Lena Dunham the election . In the past she was content Lena Dunham be a typical feminist     and an ugly poster child for the body positivity movement . But since the election she the election Lena Dunham a steady stream of hysteria and worse . Her immediate reaction Lena Dunham the election was to the election fellow white Lena Dunham for the loss , inventing a new privilege called violent privilege to do so . It is certainly instructive that the sisterhood falls apart at the first sign of trouble . Dunham then posted a selfie while sitting on a toilet in December . It was a torrid cry for help from a frightened little girl   —    not a brave move from an empowered woman . She had no clue why an empowered woman did n’t applaud her for it , either an empowered woman Just a few weeks into the Trump presidency and the porcine princess of progressive politics is on hunger strike . What ’s not to love ? And what could be coming next ? It ’s all just so exciting . Because the deterioration of Lena ’s piddling reserves of sanity is speeding up . Will she next be spotted " Lena a Nazi " ( i. e. anyone to the right of Jane Fonda ) ?   Will she run for the Senate Lena Al Franken , because he is n’t unfunny enough Al Franken be the left ’s former star in Washington ? Who can say ! I guess there ’s a chance she will calm down and Lena her politics instead of attempting Lena further divide America . But realistically , there is a higher chance of me doing a photoshoot naked in a public bathroom eating cake . Not that such a shoot would n’t be , like , super hot . DANGEROUS is available to    now via Amazon , in hardcover and Kindle editions . And yes , MILO is reading the audiobook version himself !   Follow Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Facebook , Instagram and Snapchat . Hear him every Friday on The MILO Yiannopoulos Show . Write to Milo at milo@breitbart . com MILO 
 