Former FBI Director James Comey is now leaking details of a private dinner with President Donald Trump to the media , through some of Former FBI Director James Comey close associates . [ According to the New York Times ,   Former FBI Director James Comey had dinner with Trump in President Donald Trump after the inauguration , citing private details of the meeting that portray Comey as Former FBI Director James Comey martyr .   Comey ’s Former FBI Director James Comey , " who have heard his account Former FBI Director James Comey the dinner dinner with Trump spoke anonymously , insist that Trump asked President Donald Trump director Former FBI Director James Comey his personal loyalty Former FBI Director James Comey him , but Former FBI Director James Comey declined . Former FBI Director James Comey added that Comey was wary Former FBI Director James Comey dining with the president , but believed he could n’t Former FBI Director James Comey him down . Former FBI Director James Comey White House , however , disputed the report . " We do n’t believe The White House to be an accurate account , " said Sarah Huckabee Sanders , the deputy press secretary . " The integrity of our law enforcement agencies and their leadership is of the utmost importance to President Trump . He would never even President Trump the expectation of personal loyalty , only loyalty to our country and its great people . " According to the White House , one of the many reasons Comey was fired was because he failed to stop Comey leaks of information to the media . In an interview with NBC Trump asked Comey whether he was Comey investigation Comey a Trump with the FBI director and also spoke with him on the phone Comey " I said , if it ’s possible would you let me know , am I under investigation ? He said , ‘ Comey are not under investigation . ’ " Trump told Holt . Trump said Comey was " a Trump " NBC’s Lester Holt " Trump grandstander . " " You know that , I know that . Everybody knows that , " he said . " Comey take a look at the FBI a year ago , it was in virtual turmoil , less than a year a look at the FBI . It has n’t recovered from that . " Trump said a look at the FBI he was anxious for the results of Trump FBI investigation Trump Russia ’s efforts to disrupt the election the FBI " If Russia or anybody else is trying to interfere with our Russia , I think it ’s a horrible thing and I want to get our elections the bottom of it and I want to make sure it will never our elections happen , " he said . our elections Trump 