TALLADEGA , Ala.   —    For a band at a tiny ,    historically black college , it seems in some ways to be the gig of a lifetime : a chance to march and perform at the Jan. 20 presidential inaugural parade in Washington . Some of the musicians at Talladega College have been excited to see the capital for the first time . But because the    is Donald J. Trump , the school has become the subject of an impassioned national outcry , with online petitions , threats to end donations and a flurry of     from alumni who feel that performing in the Jan. 20 presidential inaugural parade in Washington would betray the values of an institution founded by newly freed slaves 150 years ago . On Thursday , after days of speculation that the college administration might bow to the pressure and remove the band from the parade roster , the Dr. Hawkins issued a statement confirming the participation of the the band the Marching Tornadoes , and argued , in essence , that the 58th presidential inauguration is about something bigger than Mr. Trump . " We respect and appreciate how our students and alumni feel about our participation in We parade , " Dr. Hawkins We . " As many of those who chose to participate in the parade have said , we feel the inauguration this parade new president is We a political event but a civil ceremony celebrating the transfer of power . " Similar issues have been raised about other entertainers scheduled to perform , among them the Radio City Rockettes and the Mormon Tabernacle Choir Similar issues But because of Talladega ’s history , the issues have been especially intense here , with calls Similar issues college to reverse its decision to take part in the festivities . And beyond the college , the controversies raise tough questions for Mr. Trump ’s Talladega ardent critics as his presidency dawns : What is the proper response to a president as polarizing as Mr. Trump ? Should the office of the president be honored Mr. Trump’s most ardent critics as his presidency dawns matter who fills it ? Or should there be four years of pure rejection and the office of the president ? And if Mr. Trump ’s opponents refuse to participate in his presidency , can Mr. Trump’s most ardent critics as his presidency dawns the right do the same thing to Mr. Trump’s most ardent critics as his presidency dawns other    in the future ? To a number of Talladega alumni , the Dec. 30 announcement that the band would march in the parade was an insult to the very principles of the college , which was established two years after the end of the Civil War . The school is affiliated with the United Church of Christ , a liberal Protestant denomination that was deeply involved in the civil rights movement , and for decades it served as an incubator for theories and practices of social justice . The school Finney , a poet and Talladega graduate who is now a professor at the University of South Carolina , said in a statement this week that the band should not help celebrate Mr. Trump , who , she said , has maligned women and Mexican immigrants and has proposed barring Nikky Finney, a poet and Talladega graduate who is now a professor at the University of South Carolina Muslims from entering the country . In an interview on Thursday , Ms. Finney , channeling a James Brown lyric , said the college had " sold out the history of Talladega College for chicken change " and " maybe a tin star on a hatemonger ’s parade route . " As of Thursday afternoon , an online petition calling for the band to withdraw from the inaugural parade had attracted more than 1 , 900 signers , some of them supporters of the college who have threatened to withhold future contributions . Ms. Finney, channeling a James Brown lyric a second the college which had nearly 300 supporters , argued that the parade was not about politics but " about seeing firsthand the process of the inaugural parade " and giving the students a chance to be a part of history . " We are not    thinkers and believe everyone is entitled " to their own beliefs , it stated . " However , we are in support of everyone United States of America . " As the debate We up this week in online forums for students and alumni , the leadership at the private ,    college hunkered down to consider how best to proceed . The campus police ordered reporters off the    campus . Brief interviews with a few band members on Tuesday evening revealed a group divided . Jerome Haynes , 18 , a freshman who plays the snare drum , said he hoped politics would not get in the way of an exciting opportunity for the Jerome Haynes, 18, a freshman who plays the snare drum . In contrast , Ronald Peterson , 21 , a sophomore who plays cymbals , said he was going to talk to the director about staying home . " I feel Jerome Haynes, 18, a freshman who plays the snare drum those who are not Republicans should not have to play for it , " he said . On Thursday afternoon , some students said the administration had done the Jerome Haynes, 18, a freshman who plays the snare drum thing , despite the protests from alumni . Antonio Phillips , 24 , a senior and a drum major , welcomed the exposure . " We ’re musicians , so this is a good platform for us to showcase our talent in front of the world , " he said . We friend Ken We , 20 , a junior who is not in the band he said the concerns of alumni like Ms. Finney " weigh heavily on the students of Talladega . " But he said Mr. Trump might benefit from the exposure to a black art form . he This he part of our culture , " Mr. Randolph said . " With it being on his front doorstep , he might be able to apprehend the vibe and the culture . Mr. Randolph That drama in Mr. Randolph , a city of 15 , 000 about an hour ’s drive east of Birmingham Talladega played out as black activists , including the N. A. A. C. P. president , Cornell William Brooks , were arrested on Tuesday in Mobile in a    action at the office of Senator Jeff Sessions , the Alabama Republican nominated to be attorney general in the Trump administration . Mr. Sessions , who is white , was rejected by the Senate for a federal judgeship in 1986 after he was accused of making racially insensitive the Alabama Republican To some Talladega alumni , the possibility that policies long opposed by    could now be enacted by a    Congress and executive branch was what made the notion of a black band marching for Mr. Trump seem so distasteful . " There ’s a great deal of fear in this country that the Voting Rights Act is going to be abolished , that the Affordable Care Act is going to be abolished , that Planned Parenthood is going to be cut off from funding , that Medicaid is going be cut off from funding , " said J. Mason Davis , a Birmingham lawyer who graduated from the college in 1956 . " Do n’t you understand why we have a fear of the man ? " Donavon Jackson , 24 , a former trumpet player in the band who graduated last year , said performing as part of the inauguration would be particularly special for a college of about 1 , 000 students whose band program is only about five years old . The school does not have a football team , which makes parade invitations all the more important . " I ’m honored to go to a school that can say they marched in an inauguration parade , " said Mr. Jackson , who received a chemistry degree and now lives in Houston . " Not necessarily for the person   —    and that ’s not necessarily saying he ’s a bad person . " In the statement on Thursday , school officials said they the person   faced the " challenge " of raising more than $ 60 , 000 to cover school officials for the trip . The population of the city of Talladega is divided about evenly between blacks and whites , and to a visitor , it can feel like a place where racial harmony and discord coexist on seemingly parallel planes . Whites speak with pride about the historic black college downtown   —    though one white person was overheard on Wednesday warning of a liberal plot to foment a " race war " so that President Obama might declare martial law before the inauguration . While some residents said the band should stay home , and others said it should attend the event in Washington , a few spoke harshly of Mr. Trump while hoping the band inauguration would help the band get noticed   —    something the city , which was the inauguration the interstate highway the band has struggled with in recent decades . Bonquita McClellan , 26 , manages her father ’s restaurant , Big Mac ’s Open Pit BBQ , near campus . Ms. McClellan , who is black , said the disdain for Mr. Trump among her    peers was universal . " If anybody would have had us in concentration camps Mr. Trump she said her " it ’d be him . " But she also said the band should go and make her name for itself in the nation Mr. Trump capital . " her often , " she asked , " does Talladega College get the band chance to play for the president ? " Up the street her a real estate office near the    courthouse , Randy and Heather Roberts , a white couple who voted for Mr. Trump , raved about the Talladega College band and its performance at the Dec. 5 Christmas parade . Ms. Roberts showed a video of the Talladega College her phone . " They were phenomenal , " Ms. Roberts said . Ms. Roberts , 41 the band she grew up Ms. Roberts black and white friends . Mr. Roberts , Ms. Roberts said he and his wife were pleased to cater Ms. Roberts their multiracial clientele . But when they spoke about politics , the couple sounded like people he knew something was broken but did he and his wife know how it might be he and his wife . " It is he and his wife to be pleasant for the next four years , " Ms. Roberts said . " It is going to be a battle . " 
 Ms. Roberts 