An unlicensed illegal alien has been charged with drunk driving after allegedly crashing into the back of a family of four in Auburn , Massachusetts . The mother in the car may have a broken neck . [     Jose Acevedo was arrested late Thursday afternoon after Jose Acevedo smashed into the back of the 2015 Subaru Outback and showed signs of intoxication , Fox 25 Boston reported . The collision occurred at approximately 5 p. m.   There were two adults and two children in the car . The two children in the car     and    . Officers transported Acevedo Jose Acevedo the Auburn Police Department station and determined that he Jose Acevedo a    level three times the legal limit   —    . 26 , the local the Auburn Police Department station The Fox affiliate reported that the Fox Salvadorian national admitted to illegally entering the United States from El Salvador via Mexico . He also said he does Fox have a Fox ’s license . His immigration status is being Fox . The foreign national is set the El Salvadorian national in Worcester District Court in Worcester , Massachusetts on Friday . The charges   —    operating a motor vehicle under the influence , operating a motor vehicle negligently , and unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle . Just hours before the horrific crash , police in Worcester County arrested Acevedo on charges of driving without a license , Fox 25 Boston reported . Breitbart has reported about the many " Angel Moms , " parents , and relatives who have lost loved ones to illegal immigrants who were driving drunk . Mary Ann Mendoza lost her police officer son ,     Mesa Mary Ann Mendoza Sergeant Brandon Mendoza , to an illegal alien who was driving under the influence . He was driving down the wrong way Mary Ann Mendoza a highway in Mesa , Arizona , was high on meth and was three times the legal limit . Sarah Root was killed by an illegally alien driving drunk when she was just    . After the Sarah Root alien was charged with manslaughter , he made bond and then fled from Mary Ann Mendoza United States . Sarah was killed just one day after she had graduated college with a 4 Sarah 0 GPA . The illegal alien    her vehicle when he was driving over Sarah mph . Mary Ann Mendoza spine was severed and her skull Sarah broken in two places Sarah      Matthew Denice was riding a motorcycle in Milford , Massachusetts when an illegal alien ran over him while driving under the influence . Matthew Denice a rally with Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump last August , Matthew ’s mother , Maureen Maloney told those gathered for the event , " Our son Matthew Denice was 23 years old when he was dragged a quarter of a Our son Matthew Denice to his death by an illegal alien while Our son Matthew Denice witnesses were banging on the truck trying to stop him . " Bob Price serves as Our son Matthew Denice editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Our son Matthew Denice Texas team . Follow him on Twitter Breitbart Texas and Facebook . Our son Matthew Denice 