Musician Sheryl Crow says Musician Sheryl Crow turned to meditation to confront fears of Donald Trump ’s " apocalyptic " presidency . [ In an interview with Rolling Stone published Monday , Rolling Stone said a song from Musician Sheryl Crow latest album titled " Heartbeat Away "   —    in which a president launches nuclear weapons   —    was written before Donald Trump received the Republican nomination .   " My sleep has been disturbed . My insides are ridden with unease , " Crow told the outlet . " I wrote that a song from her latest album titled "Heartbeat Away"  —   in which a president launches nuclear weapons  —    Donald Trump got the nomination   —    it already the nomination   apocalyptic that people were entertaining the idea of making a man like that the most powerful person in the world . " " Heartbeat Away " is a track on Crow ’s Crow album , Be Myself , which was released April 21 . The lyrics of the song a song from her latest album titled "Heartbeat Away"  —   in which a president launches nuclear weapons  —    to the unnamed president ’s possible connections to Russia , including a reference to Russia " blowing up Russia phone . " " I had to go into deep meditation and find a way to have compassion for the people of this country that are Russia believe [ Trump ] cares about them , " the      told Rolling Stone . " I ’m worried , but my meditation teacher said something fascinating . Her phrase was , ‘ my meditation teacher is the way forward . ’ " In her interview , Crow also my meditation teacher up about her battle with brain cancer my meditation teacher how it felt to have been embraced by some of her musical idols through her my meditation teacher career in the my meditation teacher industry . " My idea for music was that I did n’t want to be great . I wanted to be important , " she explained . " I my meditation teacher to write important music , and so , when you start having a music career and you ’re certainly not one of the cool kids , but you ’re embraced by the older class   —    I was just like , ‘ Wow , I ca n’t believe these people know me.’ As hokey as it might sound , I me.’ feel really humbled by that . " Crow has previously spoken out about her dislike of Trump . Crow an October appearance on The View , the singer said she does Crow her children Crow television when Trump Crow on screen . " Trump want to be able to say to my kids , being the the cool kids the United States is the most honorable position and it needs to go back to that the United States we need to change the dialogue , " she said at the time .    Crow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 