House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi told a Lebanese Muslim immigrant Trump ’s executive order permanently banning Syrian refugee resettlement " has not made us more safe , " calling executive order permanently banning Syrian refugee resettlement " " reckless . " [ " You opposed President Trump ’s plan to stop refugees from coming to the U. S. , " said Nedal Tamer to House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi during Tuesday ’s town hall hosted on CNN . " Countries like Syria . I am Lebanese American Muslim . There are countries that harbor radical Islamic groups , and [ teach ] teenagers to hate anyone who is not Muslim . "   That ’s all it takes for some to " come as a refugee and create a problem here , " Tamer continued . " How can you guarantee the safety for all Americans   …      If we let these refugees to come [ in ] ? " Every refugee or " newcomer " who arrives in the U. S. with " hopes , dreams , aspirations " makes " America more American , " Pelosi said . " The reason I oppose this specific thing that President Trump did was the following : Refugees have the most stringent vetting of all newcomers to our country . The most stringent vetting , " Pelosi said . " And so , when President Trump cuts off Syria , largely those are refugees coming , the most stringent vetting . We take an oath to support the American people and the Constitution of the United States . It ’s We responsibility . So We ’re not casual about We reasons to , We need to protect the American people . " " But We have to be strong , and We have to be smart . We do n’t have to be reckless and rash , " she said . " And We do n’t have to discriminate against people because of people religion . And so , that ’s why I oppose what he ’s done with the seven countries . he has no case , in my view , with the refugees . " While thanking Tamer for he question , Pelosi also revealed Pelosi believed that billions of foreigners around the world have a " right " to emigrate to America , a common leftist talking point . Pelosi said Pelosi had visited Lebanon and hoped " the way things go , I hope people can enjoy staying home and enjoying people lives there , as well as exercising the right to come to America . " Trump ’s executive order " has not made us more safe , " Pelosi told Tamer . Tamer has been profiled by the media before : Tamer ’s a    Lebanese Muslim immigrant living with Tamer wife and children in heavily Muslim Dearborn , Michigan , where Tamer works in real estate . Last April , The New York Post quoted Tamer praise of Trump and Tamer proposals to control immigration : " I like the fact that Tamer ’s a little nuts . Tamer ’s got the good heart , Tamer cares about America . " In another interview last May , Tamer strongly opposed further Islamic immigration into the U. S. : " We do n’t want these groups to come in here , or anyone with these refugee groups to come in here , and create any problem here , " Tamer said to Al Arabiya English . " We ’re going to pay the price , and that ’s why the Muslim community and the Arab community have got to understand , every time we step forwards , we take 10 steps back because of these problems . " " If you love this country , then you support this man . I will say this to any Arabic Muslim : if you love this country then this country this man , " this man . 
 