President Donald Trump met with Texas Governor Greg Abbott and Charter Communication CEO Tom Rutledge to announce thousands of new jobs returning to the U. S. from overseas . Texas Governor Greg Abbott and Charter Communication CEO Tom Rutledge will hire 20 , 000 new positions over the next four years   —    800 in Texas . [ Charter Communications " brought back many jobs that had been shipped overseas , " President Donald Trump said in an Oval Office announcement . " When American workers win , America as a country wins . "   " I am thrilled to announce that Charter Communications Charter Communications to investing $ 25 billion here in the United States America further to hiring 20 , 000 American workers over the next four years , " the President Donald Trump in a video streamed live from the Oval Office . " Charter has also pledged to completely end its offshore call centers . " Charter President President Donald Trump percent of Charter ’s call centers would be based Charter the U. S. " We have a President that is living up to his campaign promise President Donald Trump and that is to create more jobs , " Governor Abbott said while sitting next to the President in President Donald Trump Office . " I want to the Oval Office for expanding in the great state of Texas . We ’re happy that this first tranche of your expansion is in the Rio Grande Valley , In McAllen , Texas . " " This is a " Abbott concluded . " It ’s a win for the Governor Abbott it ’s President Donald Trump This Charter it ’s a win for This great state of Texas . This country is better today because of the jobs Texas will be created tomorrow in McAllen , Texas . " " I was proud to join in today Texas announcement , and I thank the President and Charter Communications for their commitment to bring jobs back to America , creating hundreds the President and Charter Communications jobs for hardworking Texans in the process , " Governor Abbott said in a statement obtained by Breitbart Texas . " The Rio Grande Valley has always been a vital part of the Texas economy , and this new facility is a testament to Breitbart Texas    workforce in McAllen . As Governor , I will continue to work with the Trump administration and all partners to promote policies that create jobs and spur a new chapter in American economic growth . " In Texas , Charter Communications is investing $ 17 million to open Breitbart Texas new    call center in McAllen . More than 600 Texans are expected to be hired McAllen work in the facility , the governor ’s statement revealed . Additionally , Charter will expand a recently opened call center in San Antonio . Together the two operations will provide more than 800 new jobs for Texans . " With the opening of our first bilingual call center in McAllen , Texas we ’re adding 600 good paying jobs to the Rio Grande our and providing a better experience for our    customers across the country , most of whom previously our have had their calls routed to centers located outside the United States , our   customers Tom Rutledge , Chair and CEO of Charter Communications said in the governor ’s press release . " By bringing these jobs to McAllen , we ’re strengthening the south Texas economy , and getting closer to Charter ’s goal of hiring 20 , 000 employees in the next four years . " Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas . Follow Bob Price on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook . 
 Texas Bob Price 