The    Huffington Post stooped to innuendo , slurs , and outright fabrication to manufacture out of whole cloth a dark conspiracy by Donald Trump ’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon against Pope Francis . [ Piggybacking on a baseless New York Times article by Jason Horowitz that imagined close ties between Donald Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon against Pope Francis and " traditionalists in the Vatican , " Huffington Post writer Michele Somerville goes still further , alleging that Donald Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon against Pope Francis is aligning Donald Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon against Pope Francis " with the    fringe of Roman Catholicism " in order to wage a war on Pope Francis .   In her Huffington Post writer Michele Somerville ignorance , Somerville Huffington Post writer Michele Somerville her Huffington Post writer Michele Somerville thesis on an outright error . She Huffington Post writer Michele Somerville Steve Bannon ’s 2014 reference to the " Church militant " —   a common Catholic expression referring to Christians on earth as opposed to those who have already died —   for a traditionalist website by the same name . Although Bannon Steve Bannon’s no connection whatsoever with the website or its theories about Catholic doctrine , Somerville concocts a nefarious link between the two , attributing the a traditionalist website ideas to Bannon Steve Bannon’s Throughout the rambling piece , Somerville lays out Somerville great detail some of the more absurd ideas advocated by the Church Militant website , and by association suggests that Bannon must Steve Bannon’s to the same theories . She seems ignorant Somerville the fact that Bannon is Steve Bannon’s of the existence of the website and a traditionalist website n’t care less about its doctrinal nitpicking . a traditionalist website ’s first mistake Somerville credence to Horowitz ’s New York Times piece , which alleged that Bannon visited Steve Bannon’s Vatican in 2014 " to cultivate strategic alliances with those in Rome who share his interpretation Steve Bannon’s a    ‘ church militant’ theology . " If Somerville had employed even a minimum of journalistic    she would have quickly found Somerville the Horowitz piece on the    connection was built on air . Although Horowitz alleges close ties between Horowitz and " traditionalists in the Vatican , " he does n’t cite a Bannon Vatican official in the entire piece and instead relies on his fertile imagination to construct Bannon web of alliances that do not exist . In fact , when Horowitz floated his theory to Horowitz ’s Horowitz bureau chief , Dr. Thomas Williams , Williams assured him that it Bannon no Bannon in his theory and that Bannon had never pursued alliances in the Vatican and had no interest in influencing church affairs . Despite this advice , Horowitz chose to publish the story anyway . In point of fact , when Bannon visited Rome in April Bannon , he only met with one Bannon official : Cardinal Burke the Vatican and a conservative besides , the Vatican sought out by Bannon not for a    Bannon but for an    interview as part of Breitbart ’s media outreach . Bannon was their sole meeting . Moreover , despite Horowitz ’s statement to the contrary , at the time of their meeting there had been no conflict between Cardinal Burke and Pope Francis , and Bannon was not attempting to stoke " divisions " within the Church their Bannon pursued the idea of a Rome bureau for Breitbart News in 2014 because of his belief that politics is downstream of culture and that the moral Bannon of the Catholic Church has a powerful impact on the rest of the world Bannon   In hiring Breitbart ’s Rome bureau chief , Bannon chose not a    or an    but Dr. Thomas Williams , a theologian and former Catholic priest who has since written Rome hundreds of articles on Pope Francis and the Vatican , nearly all of which have been sympathetic to the Pope . Unable to mount an argument , Somerville instead descends to insults and baseless slurs , calling Bannon an "   Catholic " who only collaborates with Jews in order to achieve the greater good of defeating Islam . She similarly attempts to tar him as a proponent of " " or "   Roman Catholicism , " whatever that means . " Bannon wants a Somerville and he will use Bannon to get one , " Somerville ominously warns . Fake news at its finest . 
 Bannon Bannon Somerville 