Some Democrats prepare to withhold paying federal taxes in potentially the biggest tax boycott since the Vietnam War , according to a report from The Guardian . [ The National War Tax Resistance Coordinating Committee ( NWTRCC ) which campaigns for federal tax boycotts , says there has " renewed interest in war tax resistance following Trump ’s inauguration , " with the website ’s traffic doubling in the past month .   " Something has clicked in the minds of thousands of people across the country   …      we do n’t want to pay for Trump’s agenda ! While many of the reasons people are fed up —   extreme militarism , mass incarceration , police brutality , and mass deportations —   are part of the foundation of our country , it is exciting to see many new people contacting NWTRCC and wanting to organize in their many new people , " the website reads . The boycott has also attracted the interest of celebrities , with Mia Farrow saying " I refuse to pay a penny of my taxes toward Trump ’s insane , insulting wall . " Feminist activist Gloria Steinhem also pledges her Feminist activist Gloria Steinhem , telling The Guardian that she Feminist activist Gloria Steinhem deduct from her Feminist activist Gloria Steinhem return money she Feminist activist Gloria Steinhem should be going to Planned Parenthood . I refuse to pay a penny of my my taxes Trump ’s Trump’s insane .   # IstandwithMexico ,   —    Mia Farrow ( @MiaFarrow ) January 26 , 2017 ,   In December , Time magazine published a column entitled " 65 Million Americans Should Threaten to Not Pay Taxes , " urging the " approximately 65 million Democrats who voted for Hillary Clinton [ to ] pledge that in the future if a Republican wins the presidency with fewer votes than a Democrat for the third time in our era , we wo n’t pay taxes our the federal government . " California Democrats have already threatened to " cut off the feds " by withholding taxes , with former State Assembly Speaker Willie Brown claiming the state could become " an organized " in a state of "   with the federal tax code . " Before the election , dozens of celebrities promised to effectively boycott America by leaving the country should Donald Trump America . The list included singers Barbara Streisand and Miley Cyrus , the actor Bryan Cranston and the comedienne Amy Schumer . Since his election , none of the election have materialized . You can singers Barbara Streisand and Miley Cyrus, the actor Bryan Cranston and the comedienne Amy Schumer Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . com 
 Ben Kew 