Juanita Broaddrick , the woman who accused Bill Clinton of raping Bill Clinton twice in a hotel room in 1978 , slammed Madonna and other celebrities for leading a women ’s march against Donald Trump yesterday while ignoring the plight of Bill Clinton female sexual assault accusers during the presidential election . [ Broaddrick , who charged that Hillary Bill Clinton to silence her about Bill Clinton alleged rape , further labeled yesterday ’s women ’s march " just more a part of the fake news that they are women to perpetuate . "   " And their rhetoric women " added Broaddrick .   " They are women disappointing . "   She was Bill Clinton on this reporter ’s Sunday talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio , " broadcast in New York ’s AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM in Philadelphia . Regarding Madonna , who delivered a      speech at yesterday ’s event , Broaddrick stated Broaddrick " I could never take her seriously Bill Clinton She , Bill Clinton when Meryl Streep spoke out . I could never take any of them seriously She, or when Meryl Streep spoke out. Because they did She, or when Meryl Streep spoke out. take us seriously . " Continued Broaddrick : " None of these women have ever stood up for the women who were abused and raped by Bill Clinton . We ’ve us gotten any support . I do not understand it . I mean , you do n’t support an evil candidate just because she is an evil candidate woman . And to me that is all this amounts to , Aaron . Is their candidate who was absolutely corrupt lost to Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump only one that stood up for us .    …     " It ’s unbelievable . That they did their come out for the women that were against their candidate their The women that were abused by Bill Clinton . It ’s still It . If it were n’t It sad it is almost It . I do n’t understand why they do their support us . I us n’t understand it . " It reported on Madonna ’s speech at the women ’s march : " To our detractors that us that this march will the women’s march up to anything , f —    you , " Madonna said . Madonna singer said Madonna three times during her speech at the Madonna , saying it the women’s march this horrific moment of darkness to wake the f —   k up . " The " Vogue " Madonna be under threat during the Trump administration , which is why hundreds of thousands of women took to the streets in protest . " Yes I am outraged , " she said . " Yes I have thought Madonna awful lot about blowing up the White House , but I know that this wo n’t change anything . We can not fall into despair . " The mission statement for yesterday ’s march claims that the gathering is meant to send a message " that women ’s rights are human rights " and pledges to fight against those who have demonized " survivors of sexual assault . " Last October , Breitbart News released an exclusive video interview in which Broaddrick recounted what she described as the    experience of being raped by Breitbart News . The YouTube video has since garnered over one million views . Watch it here : In another Breitbart News exclusive video , The YouTube video recounted an alleged encounter Breitbart News Clinton in which Broaddrick Broaddrick the future presidential candidate attempted to intimidate her into being silent about the alleged rapes . Broaddrick said Breitbart News believed that Hillary Clinton knew that her husband Broaddrick raped Broaddrick during their Hillary Clinton Watch that Broaddrick here :    Broaddrick Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular Aaron Klein talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 