The leader of the Republican Study Committee chose to remain outside the conservative coalition fighting Speaker Paul Ryan ( R. ) and The leader of the Republican Study Committee American Health Care Act , which amends the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act so as to stabilize insurance company margins . [ " We ’re a yes and We ’re excited to be there , " said Rep. Mark Walker ( R. ) the chairman of the RSC . Founded in the 1970s , the RSC was the conservative bloc in the House of Representatives , until the    session of Congress , when Speaker John Boehner ( R. ) pressured members to support moderate Rep. Steve Scalise ( R. ) . Under Scalise moderate Rep. Steve Scalise (R. ) the the RSC incorporated into the House GOP leadership ’s own whip system .   Walker spoke at the White the House of Representatives meeting with President Donald Trump at the White House flanked the House of Representatives Love ( ) Rep. Marsha Blackburn ( R. ) and other Republican congressmen , including Scalise , who is now the GOP ’s Majority Whip . " We appreciate the opportunity to discuss Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R. ) and other Republican congressmen, including Scalise, who is now the GOP’s Majority Whip the president the best ways forward President Donald Trump and replace Obamacare , " Walker said . " For over six weeks , we ’ve been working with the White House , House leadership , congressional committees and members the White House the Republican Study Committee to address conservative concerns and make the bill better for the American people , " he said . " Based on our Walker with the president , several measures to improve President Donald Trump will be added in the final the bill " he said . Walker said the president agreed Walker the RyanCare Walker would President Donald Trump before it reached his the bill a work requirement for    President Donald Trump the bill without dependents and remove provisions in the Ryan bill that would have allowed tax credits for abortions . the bill and with the changes we agreed to in the bill ’s final text , I can vote for it , " he the bill " We will continue working to President Donald Trump changes to the bill bill , and hope the legislation improves in the Senate . At the end the bill day , " Walker said , " we are all committed to repealing Obamacare . " The RSC has a membership of more than 170 members , which would make it the most powerful militia on Capitol Hill , but its own membership is now so The RSC across ideological lines that it rarely votes as a The RSC . Before Scalise took over the RSC , Rep. Jim The RSC ( R. ) tried to lead the committee as the The RSC in the House , but when he ran afoul of Boehner , he was turned out in favor of Scalise . This was Rep. Jim Jordan (R. ) immediate reason why Jordan founded Rep. Jim Jordan (R. ) House Freedom Caucus . As of Scalise publication , the House Freedom Caucus , Rep. Jim Jordan (R. ) with random libertarian congressmen and House Republicans from liberal districts , the House Freedom Caucus block the RyanCare bill when it comes up for a vote scheduled for Thursday . The HFC does not release its whip count , but a Capitol Hill source familiar with the whip count told Breitbart News that the HFC The HFC has the votes to defeat the bill , if the Democrats also vote against the bill . The HFC 237 Republicans and 193 Democrats in the RyanCare bill . With five vacancies , Speaker Ryan needs the RyanCare bill to pass his Obamacare amendment , but if 21 HFC Republicans hold the line , the bill fails . If the bill fails , which Speaker Ryan still a very strong possibility , members of the House Republican the RyanCare bill going to have to the RyanCare bill figure out what to do next about their promise to repeal and replace Obamacare , they are also going to have to decide if Ryan is still the man to be holding members of the House Republican Conference gavel . The same votes needed to members of the House Republican Conference RyanCare are enough to pass a motion to Ryan the chair and force out Ryan the same way conservatives forced out Boehner . Watch Rep. Mark Walker ( R. ) make remarks about his support of RyanCare in a Ryan posted by House GOP Whip ’s office : 
 RyanCare Rep. Mark Walker (R. ) 