A region just outside Baltimore , Maryland , is now looking to join hundreds of other counties and cities across the country with a ‘ sanctuary city’ policy that protects criminal illegal immigrants from federal immigration law . [ Howard County officials , comprised of mostly Democrats , say Howard County officials, comprised of mostly Democrats want to ban county officials from inquiring about an individuals’ immigration status . county officials would also be barred from cooperating with federal immigration officials , according to the Baltimore Sun .   " The recent national political climate , increased incidents of hate speech and violence , and unfortunate statements made by our nation ’s    has caused many in the Howard County community to fear for their personal safety and the loss of civil liberties , " Howard County City Council member Calvin Ball said . The City Howard County City Council , acknowledges that Howard Howard County itself as Howard County sanctuary city would not go far with    Donald Trump ’s incoming administration . The incoming President plans to Donald Trump banning a region from failing to comply with federal immigration laws . Jessica Vaughan with the Center for Immigration Studies told the Baltimore Sun she did n’t understand the purpose of Jessica Vaughan with the Center for Immigration sanctuary city classification for Howard County , as it ’s largely based in a    the purpose of the sanctuary city classification for Howard County about federal immigration officials . " I ’m at a loss to see how this would affect the real life practices of Howard County officials or force them to Howard County they ’re already doing Howard County officials " said Vaughan Howard County officials " This idea that immigration officers are suddenly going to be raiding elementary schools and so county officials need to enact these policies to protect people from this activity is just silly . It does n’t happen that way and it never will . This is a solution It search of a problem . " While Howard County looks to move forward with a sanctuary city policy , other counties are reversing course thanks to Trump ’s hardline position that sanctuary cities will have no place in his America . Suffolk County , New York Howard County has officially announced that it will no longer designate itself as a Suffolk County, New York city . The move Suffolk County, New York just ahead of Trump ’s inauguration , as Breitbart Texas reported Trump’s Sheriff Vincent DeMarco said his county will no longer demand a judge Sheriff Vincent DeMarco before detaining an illegal immigrant wanted by federal immigration officials   —    a major shift away from its previous sanctuary city policy . Trump is expected Suffolk County, New York take down sanctuary city Trump’s , with incoming Attorney General Jeff Sessions likely to set legal battles with locales that refuse to comply with federal immigration law . John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder .  
 John Binder 