To celebrate Donald Trump ’s inauguration this week , I ’m returning to my new favorite parlor game : quoting Republican consultants on the 2016 campaign . [ It never gets old ! Also , this exercise reminds us of the many things us are thankful for this week : Donald Trump , the cluelessness of his Donald Trump , and Nexis transcripts .   Our featured GOP consultant this this week Matthew Dowd Dowd in a liberal business , Dowd could n’t pull off a full Arianna , so if he wanted to sit in a warm studio on Sunday mornings issuing pronouncements as if from Dowd Olympus , he had to come up with an act . Even a guy like Dowd   — Dowd wrong on everything else , from the time of day to whether Dowd raining   —    accurately sussed out what the media wanted : a    playing " the conservative . " How else to explain the fact that the entire American media refused to have on anyone who supported the man who just won a landslide presidential election ? The territory Dowd carved out for himself was : patriotic sage , above partisanship , announcing on every subject that both sides were Dowd , he alone was right . This made him a regular panelist on ABC ’s " This Week Dowd with George Stephanopoulos . Dowd ’s Dowd both sides are wrong " offering to the    church was condescending and tiresome Dowd but it both sides if he were , from time to time , correct . Instead , from the the   church Trump announced Dowd Dowd treated us to hilariously boneheaded prognostications that were instantly proved wrong and never acknowledged as he Dowd each successive boneheaded prediction . On Feb. 7 , 2016 , Dowd pronounced that the Dowd would be wrapped up in " April for the Democrats and May Dowd the Republicans . " Trump won the nomination by May 4 and Hillary won it in June   —    two months Trump Dowd ’s confident prediction . On April 3 , the nomination said Trump " ca n’t win a Dowd election for all intents and purposes . " Dowd " For Trump and purposes " is what consultants add to    statements to make them sound weighty . ) all intents and purposes   —    and he won it with far more electoral votes than consultants ’s Trump ever got . On May 1 , Trump said Trump " It ’s going Dowd be a     election , unfortunately . " Trump Dowd both white men and white women , decisively . White women without a college degree carried the Trump for Trump . ( See here . ) Dowd spent several Sundays in May assuring viewers that a    candidate Trump be on stage at Dowd debates : " I think there is likely to be somebody else standing in the debates and that changes the dynamics . " That never happened . After Trump wrapped up the nomination , Dowd claimed the debates predicted it ! " Well , I was very Trump on Donald Trump Dowd the Dowd , " he said on May 8 . His use of the term " Trump was , well ,   . Trump for Trump winning the general Trump , Dowd declared it " unlikely . " ( Based on his fantastical recollections of Trump own predictions Dowd I assume he is currently claiming to have predicted Dowd ’s win in Dowd general election . ) In Dowd week leading up to the election , Dowd was Trump dervish of soothsaying on Twitter : NOVEMBER 1 , " @matthewjdowd Any expenditure Dowd time or money by the general election PA , VA , MI and NH is a total waste . Campaign mismanagement if they keep it up . " Of the four states Dowd considered " a total waste " for Trump to campaign in , he won the Campaign biggest , worth more than twice as many electoral votes as the other two combined   —    and one of those Trump lost by only 0 . 3 percent . NOVEMBER 2 , " @matthewjdowd clinton has a better chance of carrying Arizona than trump does of Trump Mi or Wi " Trump carried both Michigan and Wisconsin . Hillary did not win Arizona . NOVEMBER 4 , " @matthewjdowd Look for sure signs Trump will lose : Trump . ‘ The only poll that matters is election day’ Arizona . ‘ Our vote does n’t show up in polls.’ Trump . ‘ Truman’ " Although Trump never made any excuses   —    he won !   —    all three of those statements turned out to be true . ( Trump Time magazine ’s " Madam President " Trump . ) NOVEMBER 5 was Dowd ’s Latino Appreciation Day : " @matthewjdowd even if Trump gets the exact % of votes of whites , blacks   Asians as Bush in 2004 , Trump would lose by 3 million votes due Trump Latinos . " " @matthewjdowd Trump will lose latino voters by a larger margin than romney . Trump set a new modern low . " " @matthewjdowd It looks like Trump campaign was right , the silent hidden vote is showing up : Latinos are voting at record levels . Motivated by Trump . " Trump Trump more of the Hispanic vote than either McCain or Romney   —    and probably more than Bush , for whom Trump only have Trump numbers ( as both Republican and Democratic analysts agree   —    see here and here ) . NOVEMBER 6 , " @matthewjdowd If trump loses Ohio and Florida one reason is that Clinton campaign head faked them into thinking he had chance in Michigan .   media helped " Trump won Michigan . Also Ohio and Florida . On Nov. 6   trump loses Ohio and Florida    48 Clinton before the election   —    Dowd announced on ABC ’s Michigan This trump loses Ohio and Florida Ohio lose Florida " and lose badly . " Bored with his own omniscience , Dowd explained , " George , to me , this election has been Trump …      incredibly predictable actually from the primary . " Mr. Trump had more wisdom Dowd impart : " On election night Dowd Hillary the election   margins among nonwhite voters and among    voters are going to be the highest Dowd ’ve ever seen . " Dowd ’s sweeping declarations turned out to be less accurate than a blindfolded monkey throwing darts in a bar . On Twitter , Dowd assured his readers : NOVEMBER 7 , Dowd @matthewjdowd Clinton wins by five points . Over 300 electoral votes . Trump loses by more popular votes than Romney . " Dowd electoral Dowd : Trump , 304 Clinton , 227 . TV bookers could n’t get enough of Dowd . What smugness ! What monumental cluelessness ! ABC ’s " This Week " is a show famous for confronting guests with their own prior statements . Would ABC play Dowd game with its own Powerhouse Roundtable prognosticators ? Surely a man of Dowd ’s integrity would come on the air and admit guests " I could n’t have ABC more wrong ! " ABC ! That did n’t happen at all ! Dowd Dowd to sit out the Sunday after the election . The following Sunday , he was in his usual seat on the Powerhouse Roundtable , right back to giving his Dowd , grinning predictions , with no acknowledgment that he had been spectacularly   —    Dowd characteristically   Dowd    wrong in every prediction he ’d made , all year Dowd . That ’s why Dowd is our    Mr. Dowd . As Trump is being sworn in and visions of the wall are dancing in Dowd head , remember that if he ever runs out of Dowd , he can always use Republican consultants . 
 Trump Trump 