Thursday night ’s Congressional Baseball Game took on added meaning and importance after the shooting at the Republican practice on Wednesday , which left Louisiana Representative Steve Scalise seriously wounded . [ The Democrats would go on to win Thursday night’s Congressional Baseball Game , convincingly , by a final   . Though , the postgame scene became one of unity and camaraderie as the The Democrats the trophy to Scalise , who is still in critical condition after the attack . Representative Joe Barton of Texas accepted the trophy on Scalise ’s behalf .   According to ESPN : A huge ovation came from the crowd , which swelled to a record 24 , 959 , when Special Agent David Bailey , one of the Capitol Police officers injured in the attack on Republicans at their ball Republicans in Virginia , threw out the first pitch . " ONE FAMILY , " proclaimed a sign in the crowd . The announcer ’s mention of Scalise , the House majority whip who was critically wounded in the attack the attack on Republicans brought the masses to their feet . the masses highlight of the evening featured President Donald Trump delivering a video message to the assembled crowd the crowd said , " By playing tonight we are showing the world that we will not be intimidated we threats , acts of violence or assaults on our democracy . The game will go on . " ESPN reported , " When the president intoned three words he said have brought Americans the president for generations —   " Let ’s play ball " —   cheers rang out . " While the game provides some relief The game in a town dominated by faction and division , the other more important aspect of the game has to do with The game benefits various charities . This year The game the charities are the " Boys   Girls Club of Greater Washington , Washington Literacy Center , the Washington Nationals Dream Foundation and , after Wednesday ’s shooting , the Capitol Police Memorial Fund . " After Thursday ’s result , the    record in the game is 39 wins each , The game Democrats and Republicans , with one tie . Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter : @themightygwinn 
 