WASHINGTON   —    President Trump loves to set the day ’s narrative at dawn , but the deeper story of President Trump White House is best told at night . Aides confer in the dark because Aides can not figure out how to operate the light switches in the cabinet room . Visitors conclude Visitors meetings and then wander around , testing doorknobs until finding one that leads to an exit . In a darkened , mostly empty West Wing , President Trump ’s provocative chief strategist , Stephen K. Bannon , finishes another    day planning new lines of attack . Usually around 6:30 p. m. or sometimes later , Mr. President Trump upstairs to the residence to recharge , vent and intermittently use Twitter . With his wife President Trump Melania , and young son , Barron , staying in New York , he is President Trump always by himself , President Trump in the protective presence of his imposing President Trump aide and former security chief , Keith Schiller . When Mr. Trump President Trump watching television in his bathrobe or President Trump his phone reaching President Trump to old campaign hands and advisers , he will sometimes President Trump off to explore the unfamiliar surroundings of his new home President Trump During his first two President Trump weeks in office , Mr. Trump , an outsider president working with a surprisingly small crew of no more than a    empowered aides with virtually no familiarity with the workings of the White House or federal government , sent shock waves at home and overseas with a succession of executive orders designed to fulfill campaign promises and taunt foreign leaders . " We are moving big and we are moving We , " Mr. Bannon said , when asked about the upheaval of the first two weeks . " We did n’t We here to do small things . " But one thing has become apparent to both his allies and his opponents : his it comes to governing , speed does not always guarantee success . The bungled rollout of his executive order barring immigrants from seven predominantly Muslim countries , a flurry of other miscues and embarrassments , and an approval rating lower than that of any comparable    president in the history of polling have Mr. Trump and his top staff his an improvisational approach to governing that mirrors his chaotic presidential his , administration officials and Trump insiders said . This account of the early days Mr. Trump interviews with dozens of government officials , congressional aides , former staff members and other observers of the new administration , many of whom requested anonymity . At the center of the story , according to these sources , is a president determined to go big but increasingly frustrated by the efforts of his small team to contain the backlash . " What are we going to do about this ? " Mr. Trump pointedly asked an aide last week , a period of turmoil briefly interrupted by the successful rollout of his Supreme Court selection , Judge Neil M. Gorsuch . Mr. Trump Ruddy , the chief executive of Newsmax Media and Mr. Ruddy , the success of this is going to be the poll numbers . If they continue to be weak or go lower , then the president ’s going to have to bear some responsibility for that . " " I personally the poll numbers that they ’re missing the big picture here , " Mr. Ruddy said of Mr. Trump ’s staff . " Now he ’s so caught up , the poll numbers administration is so caught up in turmoil , perceived chaos , that the Democrats smell blood , the protesters Mr. Ruddy the media smell blood . " One former staff member likened the aggressive approach of the first two weeks to    but said the president ’s team had stormed the beaches without any plan for a longer war . Clashes among staff are common in the opening days of every administration , but they have seldom been so public and so pronounced this early . " This is a president who came to Washington vowing to shake up the Clashes among staff , and this is what it looks like . It ’s going this be a little sloppy , there are going to be conflicts , " said Ari this , President George W. Bush ’s it press secretary . All this is happening as Mr. Trump , a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits , adjusts to a new job , life and city . Cloistered in the White House , he now has little access to his fans and supporters   —    an important source of feedback and validation   —    and feels increasingly Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city by the pressures of the Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city and the constant presence of protests , one of the reasons he was forced to scrap a planned trip to Milwaukee last week . For a sense of what is happening outside , he watches cable , Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city at night and during the day   —    too much in the eyes of some aides   —    often Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city a bitter     of critics like CNN ’s Don Lemon . Until the past few days , Mr. Trump was telling his friends and advisers that he believed the opening stages of his presidency were going well . " Did you hear that Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city guy thinks it Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city been terrible ! " Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city Trump said mockingly to other Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city when one dissenting view was voiced last week during a West Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city . But his opinion has begun to change Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city relentless parade of bad headlines . Mr. Trump got away from the White House this weekend for the first time since Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city inauguration , spending it in Palm Beach , Fla. at his private club Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city posting Twitter messages angrily   —    and in personal terms   —    Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city the federal judge who put a nationwide halt on the Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city ban . Mr. Bannon and Reince Priebus , the two clashing power centers , traveled with him . By then , the president , for whom chains of command and policy minutiae rarely meant much , was demanding that Mr. Priebus begin to put in effect Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city much more conventional White House protocol that had been taken for granted in previous administrations : From now on , Mr. Trump would be looped in on the drafting of executive orders much earlier in the process . Another change will be a new set of checks on the previously unfettered power enjoyed by Mr. Bannon and the White House policy director , Stephen Miller , who oversees the implementation of the orders and who received the brunt of the internal and public criticism for the rollout of the travel ban . Mr. Priebus has told Mr. Trump and Mr. Bannon that the administration needs to rethink its policy and communications operation in the wake of embarrassing revelations that key details of the orders were withheld from agencies , White House staff and Republican congressional leaders like the administration Paul D. Ryan . Mr. Priebus has also created a    checklist for the the orders any new initiatives that includes signoff from the communications department and the White House staff secretary , Robert Porter , according to several aides familiar with the process . Mr. Priebus bristles at the perception that he occupies a diminished perch in the White House pecking order compared with previous chiefs . But for the moment , Mr. Bannon remains the Mr. Priebus dominant adviser , despite Mr. Trump Mr. Priebus anger that he was not fully briefed on details of the executive order he signed giving his chief strategist a Mr. Priebus the National Security Council , a greater source of frustration to the president than Mr. Priebus fallout from the travel ban . It is partly because Mr. Priebus is seen Mr. Priebus having a clear vision on policy . But it is also because others who had been the president’s fill major roles have been less confident in asserting their power . Mr. Priebus Kushner , Mr. Trump ’s     occupies a central role in the administration and has been present at most major decisions and photo ops , but he is a father of others who had been expected to fill major roles children who has taken to life in Washington , and , along with his wife , Ivanka Trump , has already been spotted at events around town . Mr. Mr. Trump’s     has rushed into the vacuum , telling allies that he and Mr. Miller have a brief window in Mr. Trump’s     to push through their vision of Mr. Trump ’s economic nationalism . Mr. Bannon Mr. Trump’s     website , Breitbart , was a magnet for white nationalists Mr. Trump’s     xenophobic speech , has also tried to reassure official Washington . He he and Mr. Miller been careful to build bridges with the Republican establishment , especially Mr. Ryan   —    whom he once described as " the enemy " and vowed to force out . He now talks Mr. Bannon, whose website, Breitbart, was a magnet for white nationalists and xenophobic speech with Mr. Ryan to coordinate strategy or plot their planned overhaul of the tax code . Before he Mr. Bannon, whose website, Breitbart, was a magnet for white nationalists and xenophobic speech ousted in November as transition chief , Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey Mr. Bannon, whose website, Breitbart, was a magnet for white nationalists and xenophobic speech the Trump adviser with Trump most government experience , helped prepare a detailed staffing and implementation plan in line with Mr. Bannon, whose website, Breitbart, was a magnet for white nationalists and xenophobic speech kickoff strategies of previous Republican presidents . It was discarded   —    a senior Trump aide made Trump show of tossing it into a garbage can   —    for a strategy that prioritized the daily release of dramatic executive orders to put opponents on the defensive . Mr. Christie , who agrees in principle with the It strokes of Mr. Trump ’s immigration policy , says the president has been let down by his staff . " The president deserves better than the Mr. Christie the president a policy that , in my the president , is significantly more effective than what he had proposed during the campaign , yet because of the president botched implementation , they allowed his opponents to attack him by calling it a Muslim ban . the president In the past few days , Mr. Trump ’s team has stressed its cohesion and the president challenges of    the president administration that few outside its group ever thought would exist . " This team the past few days foxhole Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city campaign , " said Sean he’s put forward a policy that, in my opinion, is significantly more effective than what he had proposed during the campaign, yet because of the botched implementation , the White House press secretary . " We moved into the White House as a unified team committed to enacting the president ’s agenda . " As part of Mr. Trump ’s Oval Office renovation , he    the White House chairs be placed in a semicircle Mr. Trump’s team now the White House Trump Tower fashion , with the campaign newspapers . They are Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city Mr. Spicer also a Mr. Trump’s team that in the White House , the Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city always outlast the people seated in them . But finding enough skilled players to fill key slots has not been Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city is serving double duty as communications director , a key planning position , in addition to engaging in     the White House news media . Mr. Trump , several aides said , is used to quarterbacking four hardback chairs be placed in a semicircle around his Resolute Desk now heaped, in Trump Tower fashion, with memos and newspapers own media strategy , and did not see the value of hiring an outsider . An early plan was to give the communications job to Kellyanne Conway , his the seats Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city and top TV surrogate , but the demands of the Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city would have conflicted with Ms. Conway ’s other duties as a    adviser to Mr. Trump with Oval Office    privileges , according to one aide . Mr. Trump remains intensely focused on his brand , but the demands of the job mean he spends less time monitoring the news media   —    although he recently Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city    TV in his private dining room so he can watch the Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city eating lunch . He often Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city to wait until the end of the communications job before Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city through news clips with Mr. Spicer , marking the ones he Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city not like with a big arrow Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city black Sharpie   — Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city though he almost always makes time to monitor Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city Spicer ’s performance the demands of the job him to offer praise or criticism , a West Wing aide said . Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city to the Oval Office say Mr. Trump is obsessed with the décor   — Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city it is both a totem of a victory that validates him as a serious person and Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city    backdrop   Mr. Spicer so he has told his West Wing schedule as many televised events in Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city as possible . To pass the time between meetings , Mr. Trump gives quick Mr. Spicer , highlighting Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city Mr. Trump’s staff has made after initially expecting he would have to pay for Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city himself . Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city his desk are portraits of Presidents Thomas Jefferson and Andrew Jackson . He will linger on the opulence of the Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city golden drapes , which he told a recent visitor were Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city used by Franklin D. Roosevelt Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city in fact were patterned for Bill Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city . For Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city man who sometimes has trouble concentrating on policy memos , Mr. Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city his private dining room to page through a book that offered him 17 window covering Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city . Ultimately , this is very much the White House that Mr. Trump wanted to build . But while his Resolute Desk reckons with the effect he is having on the presidency , Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city adjusting to the effect of the presidency on him . Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city is now a public employee . And the only boss Mr. Trump ever had in Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city was his father , a the White House president still treats with deep Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city . With most of his belongings Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city New York , the only family picture on the Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city behind Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city Trump ’s desk is the president     photograph of that boss , Frederick Christ Trump . Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city Mr. Trump, a man of flexible ideology but fixed habits, adjusts to a new job, life and city his Resolute Desk the presidency 