( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . President Donald Trump got into Twitter spats with the Iranian government , the University of California , Berkeley and Arnold Schwarzenegger . The issues ranged from missile tests to free speech to TV ratings . Speaking to a gathering of religious leaders in Washington , President Donald Trump brushed aside criticism and pledged to " destroy " a law restricting political speech by    churches , a potentially huge victory for the religious right . Late Thursday , he President Donald Trump shifted his President Donald Trump on Israel , warning Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to hold off on settlement construction . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Defense Secretary Jim Mattis visited South Korea , his Defense Secretary Jim Mattis stop on an Asia trip meant to reassure U. S. allies . But his Defense Secretary Jim Mattis was overshadowed by news of Mr. Trump ’s testy phone call with the leader of Australia over the weekend . He Defense Secretary Jim Mattis with Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull over an agreement to take in 1 , 250 refugees . European leaders are gathering in Malta to discuss a crisis that has unexpectedly overtaken the agenda : the newly unpredictable United States . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . The administration amended its The administration order to allow U. S. entry to the families of Iraqi interpreters who served the U. S. government and military forces . But tumult over the its immigration order to allow U. S. entry to the families of Iraqi interpreters who served the U. S. government and military forces . The C. E. O. of Uber is stepping down from the president ’s economic advisory council , saying he did The C. E. O. of Uber want his participation The C. E. O. of Uber be mistaken for support . Somali refugees in Kenya suddenly robbed of hope say they fear Somali refugees in Kenya from    militants . And tens of thousands of people from the seven countries named in the executive order are effectively stuck in the U. S. because the State Department revoked their visas tens of thousands of people from the seven countries named in the executive order —    without notifying them . their visas   _ _ _ _ 4 . It is n’t clear exactly what happened during the    standoff at a prison in Smyrna , Del. But when authorities used a backhoe to storm it at a backhoe , they found authorities hostage corrections officer unresponsive . He was a hostage corrections officer pronounced dead . Sgt . Steven Floyd had worked for the Department of Correction for 16 years . Details of his death a hostage corrections officer not released , and officials said they were officials all 120 inmates as suspects . A woman who worked as a counselor was not only unharmed , she had A woman who worked as a counselor protected by the inmates all 120 inmates inmates’ grievances included allegations of mistreatment and a lack of educational and rehabilitation programs . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Several community groups in Michigan and Minnesota are rejecting hundreds of thousands of dollars in federal aid to fight violent extremism . The money comes from Homeland Security grants to counter recruitment by terrorist and white supremacist groups . But the community groups Several community groups in Michigan and Minnesota reports that the Trump administration is considering reshaping the program to target only Muslims . _ _ _ _ _   6 . The Super Bowl , scheduled for Sunday night in Houston , is infused with national politics like never before . During Fox ’s pregame telecast , Bill O’Reilly will interview Mr. Trump , who is a friend of the Patriots’ owner , coach and star player . There may be protests outside the stadium , or at the halftime show . Lady Gaga remained coy about the plans for her halftime performance . Fox Lady Gaga the N. F. Fox are trying to keep game commercials apolitical . A lumber company ’s ad depicting a mother and daughter who encounter a wall during an arduous journey north was nixed . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Snapchat ’s parent company filed paperwork for its public stock offering . Snapchat’s parent company the filing does not indicate a price for an initial public offering , Snap is expected to seek a market valuation of more than $ 20 billion from investors . The move puts the company ’s     chief executive , Evan Spiegel , in the spotlight . The chairman of Google is calling him the next Gates or The chairman of Google . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . " . " That ’s our critic , describing " I Am Not Your Negro , " a new documentary about James Baldwin . " Whatever you think about the past and future of what used to be called ‘ race relations’   —    white supremacy and the resistance to it , in plainer English   —    this movie will make you think again , and may even change your mind . " _ _ _ _ _ 9 . A happy ending : A woman gravely injured in the Boston Marathon bombing is about to marry the firefighter who rescued her . This week , A woman gravely injured in the Boston Marathon bombing both walked up the 1 , 576 steps of the Empire State Building , she with a prosthetic leg A woman gravely injured in the Boston Marathon bombing he with his firefighting gear on , he benefit the Challenged Athlete Foundation . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , new research suggests a surprising function for sleep : to forget . Pruning synapses that grow exuberantly to store the day ’s memories appears to be a biological necessity , protecting important moments but making space for new knowledge in the brain ’s hard drive . " You can forget in a smart way , " one researcher said . Hope you get some rest . Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted Your Evening Briefing a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 