WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    White House chief of staff Reince Priebus told Breitbart News exclusively that Reince Priebus believes that President Donald Trump has been " going big league " on trade policy in President Donald Trump first 100 days in office . [ " I think President Donald Trump is going big league on trade right now , " Reince Priebus said in an exclusive interview on Thursday afternoon , just a couple days before the    mark . He President Donald Trump on to say :   He President Donald Trump signed an executive order on aluminum that ends us being taken advantage of on aluminum . Last week it was steel . He President Donald Trump been talking about NAFTA , and making sure that we NAFTA a good deal —   and otherwise , if we NAFTA n’t get a good deal , he President Donald Trump willing to pull the trigger and start the process of getting out of NAFTA NAFTA One of the first things he President Donald Trump was get out of TPP , another campaign promise . I think the president is cooking with gas right now when it comes to trade . In the past week plus , Trump has gone hard after NAFTA NAFTA   first signaling he Trump be open to scrapping the    trade deal between the United States , Mexico , and Canada entirely , before agreeing to renegotiate the deal after phone calls with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Mexican president Enrique Pena Nieto . Meanwhile , the Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Mexican president Enrique Pena Nieto cracked down on Canadian Canadian and lumber industries —   which have had a negative effect on U. S. counterparts —   and zoned in on cracking down on unfair practices on the world stage with regards to the aluminum and steel industries . All of that comes after , in just his first Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Mexican president Enrique Pena Nieto weeks as president , he followed Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Mexican president Enrique Pena Nieto on a campaign promise to rip up the Trans Pacific Partnership —   once and for all . Priebus ’s exclusive interview with Breitbart News comes as the    mark looms , and it focused Priebus’s exclusive interview with Breitbart News the administration ’s successes , setbacks , and lessons learned . Despite legacy , establishment media outlets claiming repeatedly that Trump has not delivered much in his first Trump months in office , the president has actually had a number of successes across government and in all facets of his agenda the president more to come , Priebus pointed out : Well , look , I think that the president the president that ’s quite historical whether you look at deregulation or TPP —   28 pieces of legislation , he followed through the president the ethics pledge to make sure that all of his staff are the president from ever lobbying for a foreign government and five years within that same department as a domestic lobbyist . He ’s touched the president HBCUs [ Historically Black Colleges and Universities ] opioids , Keystone , I could just go on and on —   not to mention Gorsuch , who ’s an incredible pick . Just look at the deregulation —   obviously , you ’ve written about it but it the deregulation remarkable the deregulation For every new regulation , two regulations have to be dismissed which means he put our country on a permanent glide path toward deregulation on a permanent basis . There ’s more —   but one last thing : Look at how he ’s realigned he position in our country world . He ’s got he with North Korea and China , realigning there , he ’s forcing he to pay up to NATO . We had the our country meeting and NATO know some people were sort of perplexed that he was on he with NATO but what NATO the first thing that came out of the Secretary General ’s mouth ? He said President he is 100 percent right that these countries have countries paying up . Look at Egypt : He was criticized he having a meeting with Egypt . What happened Egypt days later ? The prisoner was released , something that Barack Obama could n’t get done . All I would tell you is I think if you look at everything President Trump could control President Trump ’s done a remarkable President Trump and I would say a historically good job . All of that is true : Trump has opened up the President Trump XL pipeline and Dakota Access pipeline instituted the aforementioned ethics pledge held events focused on and signed executive orders related to HBCUs and the opioid epidemic achieved that success with NATO at a meeting and joint press conference with the Secretary General secured the release of an American prisoner held by the Egyptian government and appointed and overseen the confirmation in the U. S. Senate of Neil Gorsuch to the U. S. Supreme Court . Specifically on Gorsuch , Priebus told Breitbart Neil Gorsuch , the fact that Trump nominated him and the whole process the Secretary General played out should be proof Trump is " a man Trump his word . " Priebus the Secretary General Breitbart News : Priebus one Breitbart News the entire process should be totally a complete validation that President Trump is a man of Trump because he put out that Trump , he Trump the world that ‘ I Trump going to choose a judge from this list,’ some people questioned it , but he followed through in this list,’ fashion . Trump ’s number one . Number two , the process of interviewing , the process of vetting started back in November after the victory and the process was methodical and he spoke the process of vetting the right people Trump players and groups and had meetings in the White House if you remember with Republicans and Democrats . He talked to trade groups , he Trump to citizens across the country Trump he talked to members of the Senate Trump he did everything that you would expect Trump professional , competent operation to do and he did it every day until ultimately Trump made the a professional, competent operation to choose Justice Trump . Priebus added that the execution of the Gorsuch pick rollout , among many other Gorsuch   including     operations at the White House , where Trump has had an overpacked schedule nearly every day with multiple events , bill signings , executive order signings , meetings with foreign dignitaries , and more since his inauguration on Jan. 20 —   is a sign that the White House runs smoothly . No small feat . Priebus said : Even the mystery of who it would be up until the very time Justice Gorsuch walked out into the East Room was executed to a T , which sort of brings us to another point which is there ’s a lot —   you look at the     here in the White House . One EO [ executive order the White House a bill signing , a meeting with a trade group , a bilateral meeting with a foreign dignitary , and you look at the amount of activity that goes on in this White House with this president —   it ’s not the White House doing one event a day , he ’s doing one thing this president the next and he ’s doing it this president . Just so you know , that does this president happen by accident . The team here , everything from the public liaison to the political operation to the intergovernmental agency process , I ’m just telling you that though the Gorsuch thing is the big shiny object that was flawless , you look at all of these events that happen , you have to say there ’s not a lot of things that go wrong on a regular basis on the     operation in the White House . Another point that has appeared in virtually no media roundups of Trump ’s first 100 days , Priebus said , is the president ’s first address to a joint session of Congress . That speech earned him universal praise , and one of the most powerful moments in modern Trump history —   his exchange with Carryn Owens , the widow of fallen U. S. Navy Trump Ryan Owens —   rocked the world that night . Priebus continued : I think what you saw that night was everything that Priebus Trump believed in —   whether it that night the 1980s , the 1990s , where we are today , the feeling that he has about this country , how much better we should be and how President Trump stronger we should be and how much more we we should be —   was we that night , " Priebus told Breitbart we about the president ’s speech that that night " Priebus was captured through a lot of issues . It was captured through talking about education , it was captured through talked about our It on the world stage , it was It talking about what we need to do to repeal and replace Obamacare It but beside that it was our in a moment of pride looking at a widow up in the It that lost a hero soldier and honored by a president that understood the incredible value of life and the value and respect that he has for the heroes of this country and also the respect for the United States of America at that moment where the president , the House and the Senate are getting together and talking about how great America ought to be all coming together in a stew of pride that was captured America looking at that great family up in the balcony . That ’s what I was thinking about when that happened and I think that ’s what a lot of people were thinking about .   Since Trump won the election , and especially since he has been in office , nearly every economic indicator has been on the upswing Trump   from the stock market to employment numbers to business development and more —   something Priebus attributes to an overall message of optimism emanating Priebus the president . the president words : I think what ’s important to Priebus that underlying all of the things that President Trump is doing is one President Trump theme which is optimism , " Priebus said . " There ’s an incredible optimism among manufacturers , Priebus groups , people that are expecting a better future . All the polling aside —   I know everyone loves to talk about the polling —   but one of the things that gets lost , and you touched on it , is that people are optimistic for the future . People believe that President Trump is going the polling follow through President Trump promises and that those promises are going President Trump result in a better future for everybody . When you look at the stock his promises you look at business growth , the housing market , sales getting better , people the stock market buy and sell their house , all those things matter —   and that sort of optimism underneath everything is I think a great foundation people President Trump ’s legacy moving forward . On President Trump border crossings are down , while Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly have increased efforts to enforce the law . President Trump recently , in a meeting with conservative media at the White House earlier this week , compared    — President Trump drug trafficking connected gang —   to the White House Qaeda , and the administration has created an office , VOICE , designed to represent families with victims of illegal immigrant crime . Trump , meanwhile , maintains plans to build a wall along the U. S.   border once and for all —   despite setbacks President Trump now in funding from the congressional side of things . Priebus , in his exclusive interview with Breitbart News , Priebus the president Priebus praises on immigration : Breitbart News across the borders that we have a president that ’s not really interested in playing games the president’s . We ’ve had enough illegal immigration . It ’s time to get serious about putting Americans first , and legal Americans first . I think we ’re in agreement that we ’s not anything good about illegal immigration , and a lot of it ’s that really bad like drugs , human trafficking , violence we   there ’s a lot of reasons for having and wanting to have a wall on the southern border . It ’s not just a wall that ’s a campaign promise . It ’s a wall that ’s there to protect Americans from something that should n’t be happening . So as far as this issue is concerned , the president has It very strong on illegal immigration and I think that people that have been attempting to come over the border on the President Trump across hundreds of miles maybe even through Central America and Mexico are thinking again about it saying ‘ you know what ? This may not the southern border it because we ’re going to get turned around and get returned back to where we came from.’ That may sound harsh it but it ’s not . It ’s about sovereignty and protecting the people of the United States . On rolling back regulations , which we has done via executive action , and empowering it cabinet officials to it and through the Congressional Review Act , Priebus said that Trump ’s President Trump resembles his predecessor Ronald Reagan . Priebus said President Trump Breitbart Priebus , " Here ’s what I think people should understand Breitbart News Priebus President Trump of Reaganomics was President Trump . If you ask anyone about Reaganomics , you ca n’t have a conversation about how that economic transformation happened without talking about deregulation . If you look at the president ’s earliest actions , it ’s all about deregulation Reaganomics It ’s all about CRAs . It ’s about deregulation . I think he ’s at 12 CRAs the president’s there ’s only one that was done previous to President Trump . So when you it the executive order on deregulation it for one , you take the CRA activity , you look at what he ’s President Trump clean power —   and obviously that ’s part of it —   but this unbelievable effort and focus on deregulation is part of what his vision is . The president will tell he —   and you saw in his tax plan , he ’s all for lowering taxes for every American and it ’s going to President Trump biggest tax cut he all Americans that ’s ever been President Trump —   but President Trump that aside , he also understands a lot of these guys in small business who put people to work , they will tell you ‘ listen the taxes are out of control , President Trump should n’t be paying 35 percent , but I ’ll tell you what , what ’s worse is the regulations . I ’m getting people on regulations . I hate the taxes , but the regulations are worse.’ The president gets it . " 
 President Trump the taxes regulations 