Republican leaders are trying to line up votes for another Obamacare repeal bill , with a vote possibly coming later this week . It ’s also possible the new repeal effort will collapse , sending legislators back to the drawing board . Here are some principles to keep in mind , based on what Republicans have been saying to Republicans constituents since 2010 , and what happened when Republicans made Republicans first run at repeal in 2017 . [ Take your time : Congressional Republicans and the White House have already paid the political price for the failure of Congressional Republicans and the White House first repeal effort . Congressional Republicans and the White House bought Congressional Republicans and the White House time , which Congressional Republicans and the White House should invest wisely . Granted , something needs to be done before the insurance industry implodes completely , but there is enough time to craft a good bill .       ’s also important to take the time needed to sell a good bill , to both legislators and their constituents . President Obama put a great deal of effort behind the politics of pushing Obamacare through . He President Obama interest in managing the program after it passed , leading to the inexcusable launch debacle , but no one can fault him President Obama a lack of hard work and careful preparation in guiding the Affordable Care Act through Congress . The American people should be brought on board with a combination of fearless , trenchant criticism of Obamacare plus touting the benefits of the repeal bill . The previous effort had all the energy and enthusiasm of a petulant child reluctantly taking his medicine . Sure , everything Obama and his Obama said about the Affordable Care Act in 2009 and 2010 was a lie , but they everything Obama and his cronies with vigor and conviction .   Conservatives mock Big Government leftists for their Conservatives , and for appalling results that make a mockery of their Conservatives sense of superiority , but one should never underestimate the appeal of the moral conviction that animates the Left . They Conservatives absolutely convinced they Conservatives doing the right thing   —    they Conservatives occasionally dip a toe into religious rhetoric and claim they Conservatives doing the Lord ’s work   —    and anyone who opposes them Conservatives a monster .   Conversely , congressional Republicans and the Trump White House displayed no air of conviction during the first Obamacare repeal debacle . They congressional Republicans and the Trump White House like they congressional Republicans and the Trump White House checking off a box on a    list . They congressional Republicans and the Trump White House insincere . It brought the party some    ribbing for never being serious about its the party promises to repeal Obamacare over the ears , or the many phony bills they the party to Obama ’s veto pen .   Time and political effort are needed to lay the groundwork for a repeal bill the public will take seriously . Democrats will act like crusading heroes trying to prevent the selfish Republicans from killing poor people by taking away their poor people care . Conviction and moral preening will come easily to the other side . If Republicans ca n’t muster a comparable level of moral authority , they Republicans as well skip a political battle they Republicans destined to lose . Part of the price paid for the hasty initial effort to repeal Obamacare was a significant slide in GOP poll numbers on health care a slide helped along by    theatrics at town hall meetings . Efforts by political action groups to pressure Republican legislators into climbing back aboard the repeal train are misguided . Pressure the Democrats , make recalcitrant Republicans feel like this is a fight they the Democrats win , and they the Democrats get back on board . Promote the free market and attack collectivism : One of the big problems with that first doomed effort is that it conceded too many vital arguments about health insurance reform to the the Democrats The most crucial of these arguments too many vital arguments about health insurance reform false belief that insurance ( and medicine itself ) can not be entrusted to the free market . This contention is the gateway on the road that leads inexorably to the eternal hell of    nationalized medicine . Most Republicans love to talk about the superior efficiency of the free market the free market , and the moral superiority of free capitalist choices over collectivist solutions imposed by force . Sadly , that conviction tends to evaporate when leftists start yelling about how conservatives enjoy killing people by taking away their " free " benefits people Conceding the point that    capitalism is cruel and mercilessly exploitative is dangerous , and will presage the loss of much more than the freedom to buy decent insurance at reasonable prices . The Left uses healthcare as its wedge issue to indict The Left as cruelty because it knows people have strong freedom responses to the prospect of poor and sick people " left to die . " It knows the public believes everyone involved in medicine and health insurance is making obscene profits . It knows few voters truly It medical science . They ’re understandably afraid of few voters sick , and they find the huge and few voters medical industry incomprehensible . They do n’t understand why few voters tiny little pill , or half an hour of a doctor ’s time , has to cost so much . The crucial weakness of healthcare capitalism , exploited relentlessly by the Left , is that people do n’t view medicine as a commodity . They think it should be people to the laws of supply and demand because everyone needs it . Paying for medical treatment is not celebrated as scoring a hot deal for a great product , the way people think of purchasing retail goods , even really expensive items like houses and cars . Buying medicine feels more like losing a bet , getting penalized , adding the insult of medical bills to the injury of sickness . People have been persuaded not to view health insurance as a commodity , either . No one really enjoys " shopping for a good deal " in health insurance , because they do n’t understand the health insurance of the industry , let alone the complexities of the medical treatment paid for by insurance plans . ( It ’s interesting that the Affordable Care Act hucksters felt the need to weave capitalist language about freedom of choice and a positive Obamacare " shopping " experience into their pitch , risibly comparing Obamacare "shopping" ACA web exchanges to shopping at Amazon . com . They know it ’s important Obamacare "shopping" flatter Americans’ vestigial appreciation for free markets , even as they plot to subvert and Obamacare "shopping" them . ) One of Obamacare "shopping" most effective arguments against those who insist healthcare is a " right " that should be provided for " free " or at heavily subsidized prices by the State , is to ask them why the even more those who insist healthcare essential need for food should not be satisfied the same way . They never have a good those who insist healthcare for why food should n’t be provided by the government , even though most people need food even more urgently than medicine or health insurance . The reason for their silence is the lingering even though most people need food even more urgently than medicine or health insurance fear that voters know exactly what happens when governments handle food distribution . Nobody wants to schlep to a grim    food dispensary to wander among bare shelves with ration card in hand .   And yet , that ’s precisely what is happening to health insurance under Obamacare . We did n’t get a rainbow of choices between competitive plans at great prices . We ’ve got insurers bailing We of the market left and right , leaving effective monopolies in some areas . Prices are way up , and quality is down . Only lavish subsidies hide the real price of Obamacare insurance plans   … Obamacare turning    Americans into welfare dependents in the process . Fight for capitalism and free markets , Republicans . Show people that you truly understand and believe in their power and righteousness . people and insurance were ripened for takeover by decades of Big Government meddling to drive up prices , separating buyers from providers with layers of bureaucracy . Reverse that process , let honest competition bring prices down for everyone , and then make reasonable accommodations for the small number of truly needy customers who can not afford even those low prices . Shift the political center of gravity : Ever since the Tea Party wave election in 2010 , pundits have debated the political wisdom of Obamacare . Democrats paid an enormous political price in 2010 , 2014 , and arguably 2016 for passing the bill , but they also got something in Democrats for that price . It was no small achievement : they might have changed the Democrats between American citizens and their government forever . Obamacare Democrats government control over Obamacare major sector of the U. S. economy , gobbling up student loans along the way . As noted above , it has turned a vast Obamacare of the middle class into welfare dependents , which gives the Party of the State future leverage over their votes . The loss of essential insurance subsidies can and will be used as a threat against voters who dare to call for smaller government . The first dollar of spending cuts will be portrayed as coming out of insurance subsidies , much as we currently hear that the first dollar of spending The first dollar of spending cuts firefighters , and paramedics will get pink slips . Obamacare is the largest single step the Left has ever taken The Left dream of total control over medicine , forever . Countries Obamacare socialized health care tend not to have significant " conservative " parties , in any sense Americans of 2008 or earlier would recognize . When the State controls the very health the State citizens , nationalizing the vast amount the State money and authority represented by the medical community , it no longer has any reason to the State the wrath of those citizens .   We ’re getting a taste of that right now with the Obamacare repeal drama . The the Affordable Care Act have been unpopular throughout its life , but the Affordable Care Act commands more than the Affordable Care Act money and influence to defend itself .   Was the Affordable Care Act of that worth Democrats losing the House and Senate for a few years , especially when the Republican majorities were mostly occupied with trying to slow Barack President Obama roll ? Was it worth the surprising loss of the White House to Donald Trump ? If the Republicans still ca n’t repeal the ACA even with the House , Senate , and White House , the price that will be extracted from them by angry Senate dismayed GOP voters will offset some GOP the Democrats’ losses . The the Republicans still can’t repeal the ACA even with the House, Senate, and White House lost their entire    the Democrats Obama , the Democrats the party Obama to the the party It ’s much too early to judge whether that The Left bug in the Obamacare program , or a feature , especially since they dragged a good deal of the electorate to the Left in their wake . They reasonably hope they moved the " The Left of political possibility " permanently , while their they setbacks will they be reversed they Democrats did something big with Obamacare and paid a big price . they ’s a strategy likely to achieve Obamacare success against opponents who only pay small prices to accomplish small things . This is not just a policy argument , but a clash of philosophies . If the GOP tinkers with a few policy details while leaving the core philosophy behind Obamacare intact , any victory they might claim will prove to be   . Obamacare n’t become accomplices to Obamacare : Ever since the passage of the Affordable Care Act , the Affordable Care Act to Obamacare some Republican fingerprints on it . They love to complain about Republican resistance to the Obama agenda as the driving force behind Obamacare ’s Obama , but that ’s Democrats smokescreen to distract the American people from the cold Obamacare hard truth that it ’s a 100 percent Democrat program . If Republicans cave into Democrat pressure to " fix " the Affordable Care Act , they will instantly the Affordable Care Act its failure . Contrary to what some of the squishier Republicans the Affordable Care Act be thinking , that will not make Republicans less likely to blame them for everything that goes wrong with health care . Quite the reverse . Future political campaigns will be fought over which party is a better Democrats for the    corporatist health insurance industry that both parties ratified . Republicans are not likely to win that argument , and they ’ll have a hard time resisting Democrat pressure to expand the system they signed on to . Do n’t be intimidated by factoids about people Republicans losing insurance " : When Barack Democrat President Obama biggest lie in modern Republicans history   —    " If you like your plan , you can keep your plan "   —    his primary goal President Obama to falsely portray the Affordable Care Act as a voluntary program . He boasted the the Affordable Care Act a your plan that Americans would voluntarily abandon their      plans and buy his plans instead President Obama He promised better President Obama at lower prices . Obama a voluntary program President Obama had a secondary purpose   —    he needed to President Obama Americans many people would lose their insurance under his plan . President Obama of people lost their insurance plans because of the Affordable Care Act . Quite a few people have lost more than one insurance the Affordable Care Act disruptions how many people the market since 2010 .   The total number Millions of people lost plans is hotly debated , but it surely compares to phony Democrat talking points about how many Americans would supposedly lose coverage under current repeal proposals . It ’s not reasonable to assume that all of those losses would be catastrophic The total number of lost plans permanent , any more than it is reasonable to say Obamacare ’s destroyed insurance plans do n’t count at all The total number of lost plans most of those people eventually found other coverage . Democrats claim the number of people who Obamacare insurance under the Affordable Care Act is irrelevant because most of them ended up buying new ( and very often the Affordable Care Act replace their lost coverage . Senator Ted Cruz ( ) once compared this to vandals smashing windows , offering to sell replacement windows to their people who lost insurance under the Affordable Care Act , and bragging about the high volume of window sales under their business people who lost insurance under the Affordable Care Act . The same is true of any Obamacare repeal proposal   —    most of the people who " lose " insurance vandals smashing windows obtain new plans , and if the free market is allowed to function properly Obamacare those plans will be cheaper and better . Republicans should always and everywhere push back against the false narrative that insurance lost under Obamacare does n’t count because most of the losses were temporary , but only insurance new plans be lost under repeal proposals counts , and all of those losses must Obamacare treated as permanent .   If that ridiculous argument is n’t killed during the Obamacare repeal debate , reformers will face a new version of it every time they attempt to scale all of those losses . It the losses key element of the Obamacare progressive " strategy to ensure that ground seized by the State is never returned to the people .   Another aspect of that that ridiculous argument isn’t killed during the Obamacare repeal debate is the reformers that only benefits provided or subsidized by the that ridiculous argument isn’t killed during the Obamacare repeal debate really count . Expecting the State pay for their own stuff is tantamount to " denying them access " to whatever progressives think they have a " right the government . the "progressive" strategy to ensure that ground seized by the State ideological weapon was rolled out in a big way during the 2012 presidential campaign , but many Republicans seem to have people its significance or dismissed the " paying people my own contraceptives = oppression " people as too silly to merit a response .   They were wrong , and if they do n’t persuade voters to resume viewing health insurance as a market commodity instead of Republicans " right " that should be administered by the sacred temples of the holy State , they ’re going to have a hard many Republicans restoring what the Obama Democrats many Republicans President Obama from the private sector . Bring back    analysis : Politicians are eternally at war with two key economic the Democrats law of supply and demand , and    analysis . In voters daily lives , people understand that costs are important , even when a particular good or service is highly desirable . Politicians specialize in making them forget such common sense , stampeding voters into agreeing that certain goals are so righteous or urgent that cost is irrelevant . Those who ask hard questions about the cost or wastefulness of sacred government programs are denounced as heartless penny pinchers .   It matters very Politicians that Obamacare is absurdly expensive and wasteful . That ’s real money being siphoned from our productive private economy and thrown around by the bureaucracy . A repeal plan that saves American taxpayers billions of dollars is a good thing and Obamacare be promoted to the people who pay all those taxes , insurance premiums , and deductibles as such . During the previous Obamacare repeal effort , the Congressional Budget Office said the repeal bill would increase the number of people without health insurance by 24 million while saving $ 337 billion . Cries of " Obamacare million people will lose insurance under the GOP plan ! " were highly dishonest   —    that ’s not actually what CBO A repeal plan that saves American taxpayers billions of dollars    but just for the sake of argument , divide $ 337 billion by 24 million people and you come up with over $ 14 , 000 a head . A repeal plan that saves American taxpayers billions of dollars speak well of Obamacare ’s cost efficiency , does it ?   The amount paid per individual " helped " by the Affordable Care Act is ludicrous . Republicans should never tire of pointing that out . Using the free market to the Affordable Care Act Obamacare affordable for everyone , and Obamacare spending more modest sums to help the needy obtain those reasonably priced goods , is far more efficient than a bloated ,    government control scheme , and it ’s far more respectful of our money and freedom to boot . Attack the core rationales of Obamacare : Speaking of    analysis , one of the core rationales for the Affordable Care Act   —    almost the only convincing point in its favor , for many average Americans   —    was the Affordable Care Act care for free at hospitals Obamacare because they are not allowed to the Affordable Care Act sick people away . The rest of us were supposedly paying an exorbitant cost for this " " through taxes and higher insurance premiums . Imposing a government regulatory scheme that forces everyone to buy insurance makes sense to many    Americans , at least in theory . The Obama White House President Obama    as a uninsured people hidden tax " of at least $ 1 , 000 a year on every American insurance customer . How else could we possibly alleviate the    crisis , without tossing uninsured sick people onto the streets ? Versions of this argument are heard to this very day , even though Obamacare supposedly " fixed " the    problem   —    that was one of its primary objectives , along with ensuring access to insurance for people with    conditions , who are guaranteed    that callous insurance companies would rather not cover Obamacare reasonable prices . Neither one of those core issues was remotely as serious as Democrats made them out to be , and Obamacare is not the optimal means of addressing either . This is partly a matter of    analysis : total up the time and money spent on Obamacare compliance , divide by the number of people who were truly    by    insurance , and you could afford to not Obamacare cover those peoples’ insurance needs Democrats buy each one of them a    car . Research produced late in the Obamacare debate showed that    was Obamacare as big of a problem as we were led to believe   —    certainly not a $ 1 , 000 secret tax , or a problem big enough to justify the costs in dollars and Obamacare imposed by the Affordable Care Act . It those peoples’ insurance needs easy for Democrats to exaggerate the size of the problem because the insurance industry and its lobbyists have always pushed    mythology as a the Affordable Care Act insurance premiums . Everyone involved in dumping Obamacare on us knew    was a seemingly logical argument they could sell to a vast number of moderate voters . It was even invoked as an argument in favor of preserving the individual mandate before the Supreme Court . There are much less expensive It intrusive ways we could address the problem Obamacare —    and frankly , Obamacare is n’t really addressing it , because reports from    Obama Administration itself found uninsured Everyone involved in dumping Obamacare on us to hospital emergency rooms had scarcely been reduced at all    One of the big reasons for that is something Democrats are extremely reluctant to talk about : a great deal of the    burden comes Obamacare illegal immigrants . Another reason is that even people who have insurance will rush to the the problem   room instead of waiting for their    doctors to become available . Republicans should mercilessly hammer the fact that Obamacare did very little to address one of the key arguments presented in its favor . Also , zero in on the fact that much of the " increased coverage " provided by Obamacare is really coming from Medicaid , and speak fearlessly about the problems facing that program   — even people who have insurance from Obamacare crises to the poor access to doctors it offers many enrollees . Obamacare out that if Democrats wanted to radically expand Medicaid , they should have honestly discussed it with the American Obamacare in 2009 and 2010 , rather than hiding behind the smokescreen of private insurance reform . Covering people with    conditions is a much more complicated issue . Again , it ’s popular with Americans because they think it just does n’t make sense to leave people with serious health conditions without access Medicaid affordable Democrats   —    even though selling coverage to people who are guaranteed to generate more costs than income does n’t really fit the logical definition of " insurance . "   Be honest with the American people : We ought to be more focused on Americans affordable health care for patients with    conditions , instead of cramming them into the same market that sells bona fide " insurance " against the risk of illness and injury to healthy customers . Forcing insurance companies to cover the cost of care for customers with existing conditions , and allowing them the American people costs through a mixture of taxpayer subsidies and higher premiums for everyone else , is a far more serious " " problem than the American people one employed as a sales pitch for Obamacare . Republican reformers should stress the need for more honesty in our opaque and confusing medical and insurance systems , which became even more opaque under Obama ’s plan President Obama The insurance companies costs of medicine are more obscure than ever to average consumers , and the network of shifted and hidden costs Obamacare cover them is more complex . Be honest about the needs of people with    conditions , and healthy people who ca n’t afford even the inexpensive coverage that true market competition will provide .   Present the taxpayers with a clean , understandable invoice for handling the needs of those people , in the most streamlined and efficient manner possible , with the lowest bureaucratic overhead . average consumers n’t fumble around with schemes to give them " insurance "   —    worry about the medical care they need , and how our society can best provide it . Let the cost be spread thin , fair , and clear among us all .   We ’ll pay it . If there ’s one thing polls have proven beyond question , it ’s that Americans do not want sick people to lack schemes care , or be financially ruined by paying for it . schemes political class needs to stop dreaming up elegant schemes "insurance"   pick our pockets and line the pockets of their cronies . Just give us an honest , our plan to "insurance"   what the American people have clearly stated they want to do . there’s one thing polls n’t be afraid to take a few hits : Those who cringe at the first sign of a raised fist rarely win fights . The previous repeal effort would have given us Obamacare Lite , and yet its authors and supporters our pockets still excoriated as inhuman monsters by the Left , their modest restructuring of the American people Act depicted as a plot the American people murder the poor .   This should serve as yet another lesson   —    why are any more needed ?   —    that no matter what Republicans do , they ’ll be hit with a cyclone of hysterical    attacks Obamacare Lite the Left , especially in the current hyperventilating " Resistance " political environment its authors and supporters   That means even the smallest reform will carry much the same political price as a major overhaul . So why not swing for the fences and do something truly meaningful ? Why should n’t the GOP focus on giving its voters what Republicans want , instead of worrying about tantrums from the people who lost the last election ? Why make deals to appease an opposition that can not be appeased ? Republican strategists should be able to learn a lot by studying the last repeal battle . It should be easy to anticipate Democrat and media lines of attack against a bold repeal plan . Be ready the GOP those attacks its voters sharp responses , focused on selling the GOP plan to voters who clearly believe Obamacare is n’t the best way to handle health insurance . Be prepared to shoot down misleading factoids and relentlessly hammer everything people do n’t like about the    insurance landscape .   Repetition is your friend , Republicans   —    look at how relentlessly Democrats jackhammered away at every weak spot in the health care system when they were a bold repeal plan for passing the Affordable Care Act . ( Of course , they were well prepared for the effort because many of those weaknesses were deliberately created by government regulations over a span of decades   — the Affordable Care Act hitting weak spots it had long ago created . ) 
 The previous repeal effort the Left the Left your friend, Republicans   your friend, Republicans   