Virginia Republican Rep. Dave Brat told reporters in a hallway just off the House floor that Virginia Republican Rep. Dave Brat is confused by President Donald Trump ’s tweets attacking the House Freedom Caucus for hindering President Donald Trump’s agenda —   specifically the American Health Care Act , or Ryancare . [ " I do n’t know who has his ear , " said Brat , who is a member of the House the House Freedom Caucus part of the HFC team negotiating with the White House and the House Republican leadership to amend the Ryancare bill .   " I do n’t think he is hearing that we his trying to serve him a victory —   his ? —   Right now , this bill is at 17 the Ryancare bill the polls , and that ’s not a winner . " The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they do n’t get on the The Freedom Caucus ,   fast . We must fight them ,   The Freedom Caucus , in The Freedom Caucus !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 30 , 2017 ,   Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) pulled the bill from the House floor Friday minutes before it was sure to be defeated . The Ryancare bill is a modification the bill from the House floor Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act that created Obamacare . Although it was pulled from the floor , it the bill from the House floor still active legislation the House floor to the bill from the House floor ’s amendments from the chairmen of the Ways and Means , Energy and Commerce , and Budget committees , as well as changes made by the House Rules Committee , which reports the bill to the House floor with its final language . Brat said the key to the House floor the American Health Care Act is to correct Obamacare provisions that drove up premiums , but in the current language in the Ryancare bill , premiums would still go up 10 percent or 15 percent . " Right now , no young person can go out and buy a cheap insurance policy —   by law , " he said . " The federal regulations and mandates no young person you from shopping across state lines , which President Trump campaigned on . " The president campaigned all over the country and told President Trump audience that he would repeal Obamacare . Brat said the House Freedom President Trump is staying true to the president ’s campaign promises , which were not reflected President Trump bill . See my statement on the American Health Care Act # AHCA https :   .    —    Rep. Dave Brat ( @RepDaveBrat ) March 25 , 2017 ,   Another problem with the speaker ’s bill was that it was rushed through in a the Ryancare bill three weeks from Ryan releasing the Ryancare bill text of the bill to what would have been a vote on the House floor . " the Ryancare bill have a good process , it will result in a good policy and then , that ’s good politics , " he said . 
 