Former Vice President Joe Biden launched a new political action committee Thursday   —    a move certain to stoke rumors that Former Vice President Joe Biden has Former Vice President Joe Biden eyes on a 2020 presidential run . [ Former Vice President Joe Biden unveiled the " American Possibilities " PAC , giving the former Delaware Democrat the ability to rub shoulders with donors and help candidates in upcoming congressional and gubernatorial races .   " It ’s time to reach deep into the soul of this country and once again give everyone   —    and I mean everyone   —    the opportunity to achieve the impossible . It ’s time to look beyond    news cycles and    arguments . It ’s time to treat each other with dignity and respect . Not as opponents , but as fellow Americans . Because that ’s what we are , " Biden says in a statement on the website . " This is a time for big dreams and American possibilities . If that ’s what you believe   —    and you ’re ready to help elect folks who believe that , and to support groups and causes that embody that spirit   —    then I ’m asking you to join me today . " However , the creation of the PAC will also serve to increase speculation he is eyeing a potential 2020 run   —    nurturing the support of donors and candidates that he will need to clinch the nomination . The New York Times reported that Biden has tapped Greg Schultz , a former aide and a veteran of President Obama ’s presidential campaigns , to lead the organization . Biden ran unsuccessfully for the Democratic nomination in 1988 and 2008 Biden . Biden also considered running in 2015 as a primary challenger to eventual Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton   —    but eventually chose not to . Biden has since expressed regret over that decision , and has said that Biden " never thought [ Hillary Clinton ] was a great candidate . "   " I thought I was a great candidate , " Biden said at a Las Vegas conference in May. Biden has the potential to be a tricky opponent for President Trump . Biden run would likely be a more centrist campaign than other potential 2020 candidates   —    such as liberal firebrand Sen. Elizabeth Warren . Biden could also challenge President Trump ’s hold over    white working class areas in places such as Pennsylvania and Michigan   —    states central to President Trump 2016 victory . The New York Times reported ahead of the announcement that Biden is frustrated that Clinton lost , particularly her Clinton to pick up votes from white    voters . Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York . Follow Adam Adam Shaw Twitter : @AdamShawNY 
 