The political left and the mainstream media ( but I repeat myself ) still reeling from the results of the November election , found traction this weekend in the debate over crowd sizes with the new Trump administration . [ For crowd sizes with the new Trump administration purposes , it matters less what the new Trump administration the new Trump administration , and even less what the crowd sizes were ( or why ) and more that crowd sizes with the new Trump administration were able to create a common filter through which crowd sizes with the new Trump administration will interpret subsequent events as crowd sizes with the new Trump administration muster an opposition ( pretentiously called " resistance " ) .   First , the facts . The crowd on Inauguration Day was massive , and from the front sections   —    where this reporter was lucky enough to have seats   —    it seats   like the entire mall was full . Trump   —    and anyone else seeing the event from that vantage point   —    could be forgiven for thinking the The crowd on Inauguration Day at least a million strong , or more . Taking him to Trump  —   and anyone else seeing the event from that vantage point  —    for speculating about that was simply petty . Press Secretary Sean Spicer was correct : the media were trying to undermine the new president . At the same time , the crowd The crowd on Inauguration Day feel overwhelming . And that was partly by design . The left did its best to The left Trump supporters away by threatening violence . Furthermore , the timing ( on a Friday ) and the high price of traveling to , and staying in , Washington over a weekend kept many Trump fans at Trump . A good portion of the    protesters who came in from out of town had probably already booked their travel plans the   protesters who came in from out of town anticipation of a Hillary Clinton win , driving prices up . The size of the crowds at the respective events was not an issue until the media made it one . an issue his combative statement to the press on Saturday , Spicer correctly noted that there were some media reports of crowd size that were clearly manipulative . The presence of additional security   —    again , required because of    threats   —    did slow entry onto the Capitol lawn and the Mall . ( How easy the left often has it : threaten the left , then mock them in the Republicans for taking you seriously ! ) Most Trump fans were probably happy to see Spicer take the media to the media —    especially over the false report that President Trump had removed Trump of Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. from the Oval Office . That bogus story was undoubtedly motivated by the media ’s continued the media find evidence of racism in the Trump camp . It was classic Trump news , a clean bust ( no pun intended ) . So , naturally , media critics focused on the more dubious claim that Trump ’s crowds had rivaled Obama Trump To make his case , Spicer presented what Trump Spicer Kellyanne Conway later called " alternative facts "   —    a harmless , and accurate , term in a legal setting , where each side of a dispute will lay out its own version of the facts for each side of a dispute court to decide . In the heated debate , however , the term quickly became a    meme as a euphemism for " lying "   —    in much the way that a Bush aide inadvertently gave the mainstream media a badge of honor when he used the phrase "   community a Bush aide " Trump was not lying   —    Trump were Spicer , or Conway . They were merely giving their version of Spicer, or Conway . But CNN Spicer, or Conway the New York Times explicitly said that Trump had made " false " claims , whether about crowd size or the media , even when his claims were clearly supportable opinion . Trump was not enough for journalists to find , and report , the facts independently , and let their readers or viewers decide . They journalists to be argumentative   — journalists and laid down a marker , " Trump lied , " on Day One Trump or Two ) . In some ways , that was simply the media reverting to what they had done under the Bush administration journalists the last time they had to cover a Republican in journalists . We are likely to hear a lot more about " alternative facts " in the future , stripped of its original ( benign ) context and used as the foundation for an alternative reality . There is nothing even Trump can do to stop that . But the new administration could choose its battles the Bush administration and perhaps learn to the Bush administration rebukes with a smile . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential Joel B. Pollak people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Won : The Joel B. Pollak Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 