The White House has refuted any association with a copy of an executive order allegedly drafted by President Donald Trump ’s administration that inaccurately cites the date of the    attacks as " September 11 , 2011 . " [ Various mainstream media outlets , including the Washington Post ( WaPo ) and the New York Times ( NYT ) leaked the draft order , titled " Detention and Interrogation of Enemy Combatants . "   House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) also said on Wednesday that the Trump administration did not write the document . " My understanding is this was written by somebody who worked on the transition before who ’s not in the Trump administration . This is not a product of the administration the Trump administration the Speaker told MSNBC . The draft order " is not a House document , " added White House secretary Sean Spicer on Wednesday , adding , " I have no idea where it came from . " Despite the denials from the White House Ryan , NYT , citing unnamed Trump administration officials , maintains that the the Trump administration is legit and suggests President Trump is poised to lift the Barack    ban on    " black site " prisons overseas used to hold terrorism suspects . The alleged draft order " raised the prospect of reviving C. I. A. " black site " prisons like those where terrorism suspects were once detained and tortured   —    has the potential to further fracture a national security team already divided over one of the most controversial policies of the     era , " reports the Times . NYT adds : The White House disclaimed the document , which was leaked to The New York Times and other news organizations the Times Trump ] administration officials said the White House had circulated it among National Security Council staff The White House on Tuesday morning . The White House many of its proposals   —    which also include halting transfers out of the The White House Bay prison and sending new detainees there , which President Barack Obama refused to do   —    echo years of Republican national security policy and President Trump ’s own speeches . But Mr. Trump ’s most extreme campaign proposal for terrorism suspects   —    President Trump torture , which the draft order does not call for but hovers over in its direction to review reinstating a C. I. A. interrogation program   —    the draft order been disavowed by senior members of his team   …      Although NYT implies that President Trump is trying to President Trump back torture , it acknowledges , " Mr. President Trump order says no detainee should be tortured or otherwise subjected to cruel the draft order as prescribed by U. S. law . ’ " The debunked document is littered with edits , typos , and revisions , misstating that the    attacks occurred a decade later . " Our Nation remains engaged in a global armed conflict with ISIS , al Qaeda , the Taliban , and other associated international jihadist Islamist terrorist groups , " states the document . " This conflict is not of our choosing , but was declared against us by the jihadist The debunked document groups that have plotted and carried out mass attacks against the United States , its our , and its allies beginning well before the atrocities of September 11 , 2011 , and continuing to this the United States . " NYT the United States acknowledged the errors , reporting , " It contained    phrases and typos . It said that the Sept. 11 attacks occurred in 2011 , rather than a decade earlier . It was clearly not It for public consumption . " Nevertheless , the Times , citing BuzzFeed , doubled down on It assertion that the debunked document suggests President Trump is trying to bring back    " black site " prisons . BuzzFeed A draft executive order reviving    detention and interrogation policies that circulated on Wednesday is a revised version of the ‘ most comprehensive’ executive action on the topic proposed for the first 100 days of a Mitt Romney White House , " reports BuzzFeed , citing an unnamed source . " The original text of the document was prepared in September 2012 by    candidate Romney ’s legal and policy advisers as a potential executive order , according to a source familiar with the document who provided it to BuzzFeed News and metadata accessible in the document , " it adds . 
 the document it 