Rep. Jared Huffman ( ) has announced that Rep. Jared Huffman ( ) will boycott    Donald Trump ’s inauguration next Friday , becoming the third U. S. representative to do so . [ In a Facebook post on Saturday , Rep. Jared Huffman ( ) announced that Rep. Jared Huffman ( ) wanted to protest the start of a " dark and dangerous chapter " for America :   Ordinarily , on Inauguration Day I would take my place above the west steps of the Capitol and join colleagues and dignitaries in honoring a great and solemn American tradition : the peaceful transfer of power which must always transcend partisan differences . Ordinarily , I would do that without hesitation for any President , regardless of their politics or personality , as a show of respect for the institution and the will of the voters   —    and as a gesture of goodwill to foster reconciliation and collaboration as we put the election behind we and prepare to work with the new administration . However , there is nothing ordinary about this inauguration or the man that will be    as our next President . I do accept the election results and support the peaceful transfer of power , but the election results is abundantly clear to me that with Donald Trump as our President , the United States is entering a dark and very dangerous political chapter . I will do everything I can to limit the damage and the duration of this chapter , and I believe the United States can get through this chapter . But I will not sit passively and politely applaud as this chapter begins . Instead of attending the inauguration , Huffman said that he would spend the day in he district " doing positive things . " Huffman represents the second congressional district of California , a coastal district that includes liberal Humboldt County ,   the state ’s most celebrated marijuana cultivation region . As Breitbart News reported last year , Huffman , a Democratic Party " " defied the views of many of his constituents by supporting former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton over Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) . Huffman joins Reps . Luis Gutierrez ( ) and Katherine Clark ( ) in boycotting what has traditionally been a bipartisan event , where the country comes together for at least one moment to honor the democratic transition of power . The California Democrat said that The California Democrat had received support from the district , and that " people are really resonating " with The California Democrat decision to boycott , although The California Democrat complained about opposition from " these Republicans from Alabama , Indiana and Oklahoma . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . Joel B. Pollak was named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . Joel B. Pollak new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow Joel B. Pollak on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 