Vice President Mike Pence took the argument for the House Republican Leadership ’s " American Health Care Act " to Americans on a warehouse floor in Kentucky on Saturday morning , admitting that there would be a " battle " in Washington , D. C. over the bill and that they " need every Republican in Congress " to get it passed . [ Pence called Kentucky " a textbook example of Obamacare ’s failures " as Obamacare spoke to the crowd of about 100 on the floor of a Harshaw Trane warehouse . Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin introduced Pence , and Pence returned praise for Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin during Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin speech that centered around the new healthcare bill .   Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin made the statement after highlighting health insurance woes from around the country like premiums up 25 percent on average around the country in just 2016 . Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin said millions have lost their millions and their millions , and Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin spoke of    of American counties with only one insurance company available to them millions " which essentially means they millions no choice at all . " " The Obamacare nightmare is about to end , " Pence promised the Kentucky crowd on Saturday . " Virtually every promise of Obamacare has been broken . " The vice president detailed premium increases of an average 24 percent last year in Kentucky Kentucky He " The vice president detailed premium increases of an average 24 percent last year in Kentucky that some plans spiked more than 47 percent . Pence Pence : Nearly half of the state has only one health insurer to choose from and next year , Humana , headquartered right here in Louisville , is pulling out of Kentucky Kentucky Obamacare exchange . Today , one third of the the state on Medicaid , and as your governor has said over and over again , it ’s Medicaid , and Medicaid here Medicaid Kentucky Kentucky threatening to bankrupt this state the state over the bill has come from both conservative Republicans and Democrats . House and Senate conservatives have proclaimed that the leadership ’s new bill , released on Monday , does not fully repeal and replace the Obamacare plan that Democrats continue to cling to . Members of the House Freedom Caucus , including Sen. Dr. Rand Paul and others , have introduced their own clean Members of the House Freedom Caucus, including Sen. Dr. Rand Paul and others and replace bills . President Donald Trump has welcomed discussions for better solutions as his administration has President Donald Trump support for the House Republican Leadership bill . Pence publicly thanked Kentucky Congressman Brett Guthrie , who was in attendance , for his strong support President Donald Trump Obamacare repeal and replace . The vice president President Donald Trump knows not every politician President Donald Trump the plan . Kentucky Congressmen Andy Barr was Kentucky in attendance . He pledged that the plan Kentucky Congressmen Andy Barr repeal the the plan individual and employer mandates and penalties of Obamacare . Conservative members of Obamacare have criticized the House Leadership plan for provisions that they say create new mandates and Conservative members of Congress . Pence said that the House leadership plan will remove the plan Obamacare tax increases . Pence Obamacare that there would be tax credits to Pence Americans afford health insurance , that    conditions will still be covered , and American adult children can remain on their parents’ health insurance until they are 26 . American adult children have been lauded as their parents’ health insurance aspects of Obamacare . He declared that the states will be given freedom and flexibility with Medicaid . Vice President Pence added , " It ’s competition between the states that will give the American people better healthcare choices " and " finally allow Americans to purchase health insurance across state lines the way you buy life insurance , the way you buy car insurance . " " The way to lower the price of health insurance is to create a national marketplace and give Americans more choices to buy the insurance they want , not the insurance that the government Americans them to have , " said Pence . " Americans is going to be a battle in Washington , D. C. , " he resolved . " For us to seize this D. C. to   repeal and replace Obamacare once and for all , we need every Republican in Congress , and we us counting on Kentucky . " Pence continued us I want to assure the people Pence Kentucky who might be looking on this morning . Kentucky ’re going to work with the Congress and work with our agency at Health Congress Congress , and we We going to have an orderly transition to a We healthcare system that makes affordable , high quality health insurance available for every American . We ’re going to make the best healthcare system in We world even better . Pence went on to laud the president ’s plans Pence cut taxes for working families and small businesses , roll back regulations , and " rebuild America " to provide the best bridges , highways , and airports we have ever had . He highlighted Trump ’s concern for the safety and security the president’s Americans , support for law enforcement , and the military . He reassured that the administration is working with Immigration and the president’s Enforcement to get criminal illegal aliens off American streets . The vice president lauded Trump ’s choice of Neil Gorsuch the president’s late Antonin Scalia Trump’s Supreme Court of the United States . In the course of the speech , Pence also heralded new jobs numbers that revealed 235 , 000 jobs were added in the month of February alone , Trump ’s first full month as President of the United States . " Trump’s economy is coming back and coming back the United States said Pence . " We ’ve come to a pivotal moment in our nation ’s history Pence " the vice president said as he closed . Pence implored the crowd and all Americans President of the United States the effort to move President of the United States Pence Republican Leadership plan to repeal and replace Obamacare . " We need every    American to join with us in this effort to Make America Great Again . We need all of you to stand We , speak out , to let your voice be We . " " We need you to tell the world that we can do better , " Pence said , We to health care , a growing economy We and standing tall and strong in the world . " We can restore this country   —    put it back to a the world a brighter future . " Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana . this country   