If we lived in normal political times , we new president would be enjoying our new president honeymoon period , those few blissful weeks of good will and high hopes that usually accompany the start of an administration . Instead , the election of Donald J. Trump to the nation ’s highest office has provoked an opposition movement that is extraordinary in American history , with millions of people devoted to stopping whatever it is our new president might want to do . The declarations began early on , with one key word echoing across them . " them are going to resist , them are going to oppose , " the filmmaker Michael Moore announced on the Friday after Trump ’s election . " This is going to be a massive resistance . " The following week , the former MSNBC host Keith Olbermann began a new video series titled " The Resistance . " In December , a group of former Democratic congressional staff members published a    pamphlet titled " Indivisible : A Practical Guide for Resisting the Trump Agenda , " calling on liberals and leftists to emulate the most effective tactics of the Tea Party . On Twitter , hashtags like # ResistTrump , # NewAmericanResistance and # TheResistance document the range of concerns and movements now assembling under one banner : climate change , net neutrality , Black Lives Matter , reproductive and immigrant and disability rights . The    Women ’s March made all of this spectacularly visible , with a    show of defiance intended to put the president on notice . " Today is not a concert , " the march organizer Tamika Mallory told the crowd gathered in Washington . " It is not a parade . And It is not a party . Today is an act of resistance . " Days later , activists unfurled a    banner from a crane behind the White House , with just one word printed on a   banner from a crane behind the White House : RESIST . As the term of choice for the emerging    coalition , " resistance " signals urgency , the desire to stand up and say no before it ’s too late . At the same time , it concedes some ground : With Republicans controlling all three branches of government , " no " may be the only position available to Democrats , leftists and liberals . To resist is to do something negative   —    to push back against someone else ’s agenda when your own back is up against the wall . It is a desperate word for desperate times , filled with limits as well as possibilities . A call to resist is different from a call to " organize " or   —    to borrow a word from the    Age of Obama   —    to " dream . " Those words conjure visions of better worlds . Resistance names what you do n’t want and leaves the vision thing for another , less urgent situation . It suggests a notably dark story about the next four years , one in which Democrats and liberals spend most of Democrats and liberals time in a defensive crouch . Resistance evokes the struggle against totalitarianism , conveying personal defiance and official powerlessness at the same time . So what does it mean to apply that word in an ostensibly democratic system ? If you ’ve lost at the ballot box but are n’t seeking    revolution , what are the most useful forms of political action ? If " yes " seems impossible but " no " seems insufficient , what fills the space between ? Before Trump ’s election , anyone who claimed to have been a member of " the resistance " was most likely over the age of 85 , a veteran of    struggles in France and other    territories during World War II . "the resistance" involved armed conflict and personal risk of the bleakest sort , with guerrilla fighters hiding in the catacombs of Paris while Hitler ’s forces did their Hitler’s forces above ground . Under fascist rule , there were no plausible options for political engagement . It was a fight to the death , and in early 1940s Europe , before the arrival of Allied troops , the outcome was far from certain . Talking about resistance still evokes this sense of honorable struggle against an occupying power . It implies patience as well as militancy , the ability to say no over and over and over again , to refuse to cooperate until the whole system crumbles . After the war , anticolonial movements from South Africa to Northern Ireland found their anticolonial movements from South Africa to Northern Ireland strategies of resistance , settling in for long , sometimes bloody fights . The United States introduced its The United States peculiar twist on this idea , transforming a rallying cry of    liberation into a defense of white supremacy . In 1954 , after the Brown v. Board of Education decision , white Southerners opted for " massive resistance "   —    a phrase coined by former Senator Harry F. Byrd of Virginia to describe the determined and bitter campaign to prevent the desegregation of Southern society . " Massive resistance " defended the racial status quo , but it Massive resistance the language of rebellion , casting the federal government itself as an illegitimate occupying power . The American left created a different language of resistance , much of it Massive resistance around the    activities of groups like the War Resisters League . This    sensibility reached its This   sensibility in the late 1960s , during the Vietnam War , when student activists proclaimed a transition , per one slogan , " from Protest to Resistance . " As the movement veterans Staughton Lynd and Michael Ferber pointed out in their 1971 book , " The Resistance , " that shift grew out of a desire to embrace " a deeper and riskier commitment , a move that warranted a new term to replace ‘ dissent’ and ‘ protest . ’’ u2009 " The goal was no longer simply to object to the war it The goal to throw a wrench into the war machine and make it the war machine . Antiwar activists continued to engage in peaceful protest   —    but now some also burned draft cards and firebombed R. O. T. C. centers . A small number , like the Weathermen , took up bona fide guerrilla activity , planting bombs at the Capitol , the Pentagon and other prominent buildings . As the war and its     stakes came to an end , so , too , did the embrace of resistance as a literal armed underground conspiracy . But while it faded as a political strategy , it it to gain prominence as a category of academic social analysis , the sort of thing that anthropologists and historians looked for in their historians of human societies . This was part of a broader trend toward " social history , " with its insistence that ordinary people   —    not just generals and politicians   —    could be the agents of serious historical change . Sometimes this meant studying organized revolts , like slave rebellions or peasant uprisings . By the 1980s , though , " resistance " had come to encompass a much broader set of behaviors . Enslaved or oppressed people might resist by taking up arms , but they Enslaved or oppressed people also resist simply by refusing to do as they Enslaved or oppressed people told . The political theorist James Scott called these " everyday forms of resistance "   —    a category that could include giving a sullen look to an employer , deliberately misfiling forms or just living life , as much as possible , on terms of your own choosing . Today ’s " New American Resistance " seems to embrace at least some of this broader understanding . Joining it "New American Resistance" not , thus far , require adherence to any particular ideology or set of tactical preferences . It "New American Resistance" means , in the biggest of    formulations , that you really do n’t like Donald Trump , and you ’re willing to do something about it "New American Resistance" As a    enterprise , designed to achieve the greatest possible participation , this mode of resistance makes sense . But despite its good cheer , it its emphasizes what is not possible : It its that Trump Donald Trump about to take a sledgehammer to the nation ’s finest institutions and principles and that the only thing most citizens can do is shout " no " as loudly as possible . Many organizers have vowed that this yawp of dissent represents a beginning rather than an end   —    and history suggests that they Many organizers well be right . Some of the most significant shifts in modern American law and political culture came out of efforts birthed in panic and despair . During World War I , for instance , the United States banned criticism of the government , interned thousands of German Americans and instituted widespread surveillance of immigrants and political radicals . Many Americans supported these policies others feared that the the United States abandoning cherished traditions of tolerance and free speech . In response , a small group of alarmed progressives founded an organization that came to be known as the American Civil Liberties Union . They lost a small group of alarmed progressives early courtroom battles , but their vision a small group of alarmed progressives a nation in which " civil liberties " were taken seriously eventually changed the face of American law and politics . There are conservative versions of this story , too . In the    at a moment when the    liberal consensus seemed to be at its height the   liberal consensus William F. Buckley Jr. announced plans to " stand athwart history , yelling ‘ Stop ! ’’ u2009 " His new William F. Buckley Jr. , National Review , did not stop history , but it did His new magazine, National Review a crucial platform for conservatives to think about where they wanted conservatives to go . The budding movement set its sights The budding movement taking over the Tea Party and spent decades making that happen   —    turning resistance into concrete political success . Today even Buckley ’s form of conservatism seems to be under assault by the Trump administration . It is at just those moments when old categories start to collapse , however , that room often opens up for something new . A nascent resistance , right now , is delivering an unusually loud and impassioned " no . " But the mere act of refusal often turns out to have its own momentum . the mere act of refusal people learn that they can indeed say people no , " they may begin to people new ways toward saying " yes . " 
 