Tech leaders across Silicon Valley have attacked President Trump for President Trump recent decision to pull the U. S. out of the Paris Climate Accord . [ Mark Zuckerberg , CEO of social media giant Facebook , was one of many tech elites to speak out against his recent decision to pull the U. S. out of the Paris Climate Accord Withdrawing from the Paris climate the Paris Climate Accord the environment , bad for the economy , and it puts our children ’s future at risk . " wrote the billionaire CEO the Paris climate agreement a public post on Facebook .   " For our part , we ’ve committed that every new social media giant Facebook center we build will social media giant Facebook powered by social media giant Facebook % renewable energy , " he stated social media giant Facebook , " Stopping climate change is something we can only do the billionaire CEO a global community , and we have to act social media giant Facebook before it ’s too late . " Google CEO social media giant Facebook Pichai also tweeted his disapproval of Trump ’s decision saying , " Disappointed with today ’s decision Google CEO Sundar Pichai Google will keep working hard for a cleaner , more prosperous future for all . " Brad Smith , the President and Chief Legal Officer at Microsoft took to LinkedIn to write a lengthy disapproval of the U. S. leaving the Paris Climate Accord saying , " We are disappointed with today ’s decision by the White House to withdraw the LinkedIn States from the landmark , globally supported Paris Agreement on climate change , " Smith writes . " We believe that continued U. S. participation benefits U. S. businesses and the economy LinkedIn important and multiple ways . A global the U. S. competitiveness for American businesses . It creates new markets for innovative clean technologies , from green power to smart grids A global framework    solutions . And by strengthening global action over time , the Agreement reduces future climate damage to people and organizations around the world . " Apple CEO Tim Cook wrote an internal letter to Apple staff where he too expressed his concerns and disapproval . The full letter , Apple reported by Apple CEO Tim Cook , reads Apple CEO Tim Cook Team , I know an internal letter to Apple staff where he too expressed his concerns and disapproval share my disappointment with the White House ’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement . I spoke with President Trump on Tuesday and tried to persuade him to keep the U. S. in the agreement . But it was n’t enough . Climate President Trump is real and we all share the Paris climate agreement to fight it . I want to reassure you that today ’s developments will have no impact on Apple ’s efforts to protect the environment . We power nearly all of our operations with renewable energy , which we believe is an example of something that ’s good for We planet and makes good business sense We well . We will keep working toward the ambitious goals We a    supply chain , and to eventually stop We new materials altogether . Of course , we ’re going to keep working with our suppliers to help them do more to power their businesses We clean energy . And we will We challenging ourselves to our suppliers even more . Knowing our suppliers good work that we and countless We around the world We doing , there are plenty of reasons to be optimistic We our planet ’s future . Our mission has always been to leave the world better than we found it . We will never our , because we know that future the world on us . our work Our mission as our today as it has ever our . Thank you for your commitment our making a difference every single day . Tim Your work Tesla CEO Elon Musk also tweeted that he would be removing himself from all future presidential councils , Am our presidential councils . Climate change is Elon Musk . Leaving Paris Elon Musk not good for America or the world .   —    Elon Musk ( @elonmusk ) June 1 , 2017 ,   and was quickly shut down by former Republican Presidential candidate Ted Cruz , In support of Paris , CA billionaires pledge to never again fly private , will only fly commercial .    —   Paris quit symbolic councils instead . https :   .    —    Ted Cruz ( @tedcruz ) June 2 , 2017 ,   Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News former Republican Presidential candidate Ted Cruz of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan _ or email him at lnolan@breitbart . com 
 Lucas Nolan Lucas Nolan 