BEIJING   —    President Trump may not be known for President Trump diplomacy , but someone in President Trump family appears to be picking up the slack . That would be Arabella , President Trump     granddaughter . A video of Arabella singing " Happy New Year " in Chinese has gone viral on social media in China . Arabella has been taking Chinese lessons . Arabella mother , Ivanka Trump , posted the song on her Arabella account on Thursday . " Arabella Arabella a song she Arabella for # ChineseNewYear . Wishing everyone an amazing year to come during these days of celebration , " Ms. Arabella on her account her Instagram account appeared Arabella a black cardigan with ornate pockets and skinny black pants , and she played Arabella a Chinese marionette as she sang Arabella On Weibo , China ’s version of Twitter , more than 60 , 000 people said they liked Arabella more than 60, 000 people Arabella Some of them said they much more than 60, 000 people her Some of them Mr. Arabella , who has stirred the    relationship over Taiwan and the South China Sea , among other things . " The granddaughter is much more sensible , " said one . Another Weibo user noted , " Her Mandarin is perfect The granddaughter " Some people were more critical : " So you want to get the Chinese off your back with just this song ? " However , this was not Arabella ’s first diplomatic coup this week . On Wednesday evening , she and her mother Arabella up Arabella a New Year ’s reception at the Chinese Embassy in Washington . A beaming Chinese ambassador , Cui Tiankai , escorted the pair around the party , as Arabella , decked out Arabella red dress with a big bow at her neck , played Arabella Chinese traditional arts that were on display . China ’s official broadcaster , CCTV , showed the     team at the reception on its    news broadcast China’s Thursday . The usually stern    newspaper Global Times almost gushed . " Her appearance at the Arabella Embassy , endowed with a certain political and diplomatic significance , could be invigorating to the   . S. relationship , " the paper said of Ms. Trump ’s embassy visit , with Arabella in tow . 
 