During Friday ’s Weekly Address , President Trump said , " the first budget we are releasing provides a firm new foundation for the safety , and also for jobs and prosperity for all Americans in the years to come . "   Transcript as Follows : " My fellow Americans , Each month families across the country work very , very hard to balance My fellow Americans, Each month families across the country budgets and to make the tough choices necessary to take care of My fellow Americans, Each month families across the country loved ones and to give My fellow Americans, Each month families across the country children opportunities My fellow Americans, Each month families across the country never had before . This is who we are as Americans   —    we take pride in leaving each new generation a better country than the one we inherited . Yet for decades , Washington has refused to make the tough choices . As a result , the American Dream has slipped from the grasp of more and more of our people . This has to change . We need a government that spends on the right things   —    the safety , security , and    of our people   —    and stops the waste and abuse of taxpayer funds , whether in America or in global projects overseas   —    of which , perhaps , there are too many . My administration is laying a new foundation to build a future of economic prosperity and achieve American Greatness . The budget we are proposing will reverse economic stagnation and open the path to millions of new jobs for American workers . We will balance The budget we are proposing without making cuts in Social Security and Medicare . We We achieve our We by doing exactly what you do in your home : setting priorities , cutting the fat , and growing new opportunities . And the big thing for me is economic growth , which is not possible without safety and security . We We grow our We it our economy growing already . It our economy grow faster than you ’ve seen it our economy decades . That is why our We reverses years of cuts to our We that have made us We safe in a more dangerous world . We We going to make sure the men and women on the front lines of freedom have the tools they the men and women on the front lines of freedom to keep us We and totally secure . At home , we We going to give our We officers   —    who have done an incredible job   —    and our We Patrol agents   —    who are amazing people   —    everything they amazing people   to end the lawlessness once and for all . It is our moral duty to keep our our safe and free , and to protect the right of every American to pursue their our citizens . We our n’t want    roving our our , we our getting rid of them our streets the thousands , they our streets going to be out of here . But I ’m proud to tell you that the first budget we are releasing provides a firm new foundation for the safety , and also for jobs and prosperity for all Americans in the years to come . Thank you very much . You ’re going to love the end result . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 