The Senate Judiciary Committee , in a      vote Monday , has passed Judge Neil Gorsuch , President Donald Trump ’s nominee to replace conservative stalwart Justice Antonin Scalia , setting up a full Senate confirmation vote for April 7 . [ The vote sets the stage for a clash on Senate rules for Supreme Court nominees . At least Senate Democrats , now including Sen. Jon Tester ( ) whose state President Trump won by over twenty points , and Senators Patrick Leahy ( ) Mark Warner ( ) and Diane Feinstein ( ) who announced their opposition to Gorsuch at the hearing , have now expressed their their to initiate the first partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee in American history .   Despite Sen. Michael Bennet ( ) who told the Colorado Independent that he will not filibuster his he Coloradan Gorsuch , and three Democrats who have said they Democrats support Gorsuch , Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) now appears to have the votes needed to prevent a vote for cloture and a full Senate Senate on Gorsuch Gorsuch confirmation under current rules . Senate Senate changed Senate Senate in 2013 to allow a simple majority to trigger a full Senate Senate on    Court nominees . Increasing numbers of Republicans , including Senate Senate Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) appear poised to use the same " Constitutional Option " for Supreme   Court in order to ensure Gorsuch ’s confirmation . During Monday ’s final Judiciary Committee meeting on Gorsuch , Sen. Lindsay Graham ( ) reiterated Republican willingness to revert to the constitutional option . " We ’ve had one successful filibuster of a Supreme Court   Court that was that was bipartisan with Abe Fortas . By the end of the week , that will still be the case , " he told the Abe Fortas with Judiciary Committee . Democrats on the Committee used their Judiciary Committee to air Democrats on the Committee grievances with Trump ’s Democrats on the Committee for the high court . Sen. Dick Durbin ( ) went so far as to call the Federalist Society , an association of conservative lawyers that endorsed Gorsuch , a " special interest group " and launched into an extended diatribe against the validity of judicial originalism , the idea that the constitution and laws ought to be interpreted according to the original intentions of the drafters . Durbin quoted the late liberal Sen. Dick Durbin Court Justice William Brennen as calling the very idea judges can find the intention of the Founders as " arrogance cloaked in humility . " Sen. Chris Coons ( ) who had held out on supporting the proposed filibuster and was posited as a possible partner in a deal to save the    cloture requirement , used the Committee meeting to come out against an up or down vote on Gorsuch . " I am not ready to end debate on this issue , so I will be voting against cloture unless we are able , as a body , to find a way to sit down and avoid the ‘ nuclear option,’ " he told the Committee . Gorsuch John Committee ) downplayed the idea the increasingly likely constitutional option to confirm Gorsuch on a simple majority vote Gorsuch a stark break with Senate tradition . " I disagree with those who say this is the end of the Senate as we know it Senate is a restoration of the status quo ante , before our Democratic colleagues erected this artificial sixty vote requirement . " The Committee also approved Deputy Attorney General nominee Rod Rosenstein with some Democratic support and Rachel Brand , nominee for Associate Attorney General , along a    vote . 
 