President Donald Trump devoted Friday ’s weekly White House address to praising Judge Neil Gorsuch , President Donald Trump nominee to fill the seat of beloved conservative Justice Antonin Scalia , and pushing for President Donald Trump speedy confirmation by the Senate . [ " Judge Gorsuch is incredibly qualified , Judge Gorsuch has a sterling record , Judge Gorsuch was confirmed unanimously to the Court of Appeals , " President Donald Trump said , making his President Donald Trump to the nation as a showdown over Senate the Senate rules draws closer . " Judge Judge Gorsuch is about more than his incredible qualifications Judge Gorsuch It ’s about Judge Gorsuch’s nomination our republic , " he President Donald Trump .   The the Senate over confirming Gorsuch has reached a    over the last week , with the two parties running out of room for compromise . As the Trump Administration and Senate Republicans have signaled Senate willingness to confirm the Trump Administration and Senate Republicans by any means necessary , increasing numbers of Democrats have insisted they will filibuster any increasing numbers of Democrats to allow an     vote on the nominee , making it ever more likely Republicans will move to change Senate rules to allow Senate simple majority to close debate on Supreme Court nominees . Democrats , who under current rules need only    votes to block a vote on Gorsuch , themselves used the " constitutional option " to allow simple majority confirmations for    Court nominees in Supreme Court Four more Senate Democrats , Sen. Senate Duckworth ( ) Sen. Brian Schatz ( ) Sen. Catherine    ( ) and Sen. Claire McCaskill ( ) confirmed Friday they will move to filibuster Four more Senate Democrats, Sen. Tammy Duckworth ( ) Sen. Brian Schatz ( ) Sen. Catherine   ( ) and Sen. Claire McCaskill ( ) force the constitutional option . Senate Democrats are finding Senate under immense pressure to Senate Democrats ranks for this unprecedented filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee , first called for by Senate Minority Leader Chuck Senate ( ) last week . Friday , CREDO , a    " " and a bevy of other progressive activist groups put their names to a letter other progressive activist groups be delivered to the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee demanding any Democratic Senator who fails to join the filibuster against Gorsuch be stripped of all funding from the national Democratic Party apparatus . " Democrats who refuse to defend the Supreme Court from Donald Trump ’s racist , fascist agenda should not receive support for their " CREDO told supporters Democrats who refuse to defend the Supreme Court from Donald Trump its website . Only nine their " CREDO and independent Senators remain who have yet to announce their intentions on the Gorsuch Only nine Democratic and independent Senators , by Breitbart New ’s count . In order to confirm Gorsuch without changing traditional Senate rules , six of these would need to join the chamber ’s    Republicans and Senators Joe Manchin ( ) and Heidi Heitkamp ( ) Democrats who have expressed their support for Gorsuch . Democrats have responded Gorsuch more open insistence that they will do whatever it Republicans to confirm Gorsuch . Sen. John Cornyn ( ) in a CNN    urging his Democratic colleagues to reconsider their filibuster , was unequivocal his Democratic colleagues " Judge Gorsuch will be confirmed Gorsuch next Supreme Court justice . The question is whether Democrats will give him the     vote he deserves Gorsuch " he wrote Gorsuch Even Sen. John Gorsuch ( ) who had as recently as Thursday held out hope a compromise might be reached to preserve the Senate ’s traditional cloture rules , walked back from reports of a " deal " Friday . " I ’ve had conversations with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle . That ’s all . There ’s no gang . There ’s no negotiations . Just having some conversations . No deal . No negotiations , a "deal" told the Daily Caller . Gorsuch ’s confirmation vote is now set for April 7 . 
 