At Planned Parenthood ’s centennial gala this week , Hillary Clinton cited feminist novel The Handmaid ’s Tale to urge supporters of the abortion chain not to relinquish the right to abortion , but   —    as it turns out   —    the Democrat Party has succumbed and abandoned many of the Democrat Party principles to become the " handmaid " of the abortion industry . [ Planned Parenthood awarded the former Democratic Party presidential nominee its " champion of the century " award in New York City Tuesday evening as the organization held yet another celebration of the organization centennial anniversary .   The Hollywood Reporter noted that , in The Hollywood Reporter remarks at the event , Clinton cited Margaret Atwood ’s 1985 dystopian feminist novel , The Handmaid ’s Tale . A new television production of the novel   —    about a totalitarian theocracy that forces women to procreate   —    can be seen courtesy of Hulu . " To paraphrase Margaret Atwood’s , ‘ We can never let them grind us We " Clinton said . " In The The Handmaid’s Tale rights are gradually , slowly stripped away . As one character says , ‘ We did n’t look up from our phones until it was too We . ’ " " It is not too late for us , " Clinton added . We But we have to encourage the millions We women and men who support Planned Parenthood to keep fighting . " Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) chairman Tom Perez also recently announced that his party ’s commitment to abortion Democratic National Committee (DNC) chairman Tom Perez " not negotiable , " and that the Democrat Party would exclude    candidates for office . Perez ’s autocratic remarks came after Democratic National Committee (DNC) chairman Tom Perez group NARAL    America slammed the DNC for its embrace of Heath Mello , an America mayoral Democratic candidate who had previously voted as a state lawmaker with his    conscience . " The actions a state lawmaker by the DNC to embrace and support a the DNC office who will strip women   —    one of the most critical constituencies for the party   —    of our basic rights and freedom is not only disappointing , it is politically stupid , " fumed NARAL ’s president , Ilyse Hogue . In the wake of Perez ’s comments , many Democrats have attempted to correct the optic of their party ’s subservience to the abortion industry many Democrats While the party has attempted to portray itself as their party morally upright virtues   — their party such as diversity and inclusiveness   —    Perez ’s statement clearly indicates the opposite . Perez’s now " newly divided    …      as they attempt to decide who they will welcome , and Democrats they will exclude , Democrats soul searching over how the Democrats should rebuild after its 2016 loss , " their party Foran at the Atlantic their party who interviewed    Democrats such as Sens . Claire McCaskill ( MO ) and Joe Donnelly ( IN ) who objected to Perez ’s exclusion of    candidates . In a column at Jesuit magazine America , Robert David Sullivan also observed , " Abortion is proving that the Democratic Party can outdo Republicans in   . " The author continued : Abortion is now the single issue defining Robert David Sullivan , and Ilyse Hogue , the president of NARAL    America , is the de facto head of the party . America gives the Republicans a major advantage in holding the Democratic Party losses if the Trump administration continues to founder . Realizing the potential threat of a divide in a party that is already struggling ,    individuals such as Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards are attempting to smooth over the perhaps harsh reality that the abortion industry is running the Democratic Party . Richards appeared with MSNBC ’s Nicolle Wallace this week , reports Newsbusters’ Katie Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards . " Is it difficult right now to be a    Democrat ? " Wallace asked Richards . " Do you guys make it difficult ? " Nicolle Wallace Oh Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards I do n’t think so , " she replied . " Abortion is one of these issues that it is Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards —    I think should n’t be politicized . " Abortion notes , of course , that Planned Parenthood donated $ 38 million Newsbusters’ Katie Yoder Clinton ’s campaign . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi   —    known for simultaneously touting her Catholic faith and her    views   —    also tried to Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards Perez ’s dictum Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards all Democrats must promote abortion . " This is the Democratic Party . This is not a    party , " she told the Washington Post This in response to a question about Perez Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards exclusive statement . Pelosi , however , also acknowledged her doubt Perez’s at this point in time , a true    Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards could ever win a Democratic presidential primary . She suggested , in fact ,   Democrats lost in the 2016 election Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards because their    positions on social issues did not appeal to average Americans who ended Democrats voting for Donald Trump . " You know what ? That ’s why Donald Trump is president of the United States   —    the evangelicals and Donald Trump ,    equality ,   . That ’s how he got to be president , " she said . " Everything was trumped , Donald Trump and figuratively by that . " The Post ’s Karen Tumulty , however , reports Pelosi ’s comment again drew the wrath of NARAL ’s Hogue . " Encouraging and supporting    candidates leads to bad policy outcomes that violate women ’s rights and endanger our economic security , " Hogue reportedly said in an email . Stephanie Schriock , the president of Democrat super NARAL’s Hogue EMILY ’s List , also reasserted the importance of abortion as a major issue for Democrats at her abortion lobbying group ’s gala event this week . " They want us arguing Democrat super PAC EMILY whether we ’re a party focused on elevating diverse voices Stephanie Schriock, the president of Democrat super PAC EMILY’s List a party focused on appealing to the white working class , " Schriock said , the Democratic Party Call . " And , from what I can tell , a lot of people in the Democratic Party are happy to have that argument . Well , I ’m not one of them . " " I do n’t buy the argument that Democrats have to decide whether a lot of people in the Democratic Party ’re a party of    white men in rural America or a party of    women in the big cities , a party of immigrants or a party of feminists , " Schriock said . " Democrats should be the party of working people . But we should n’t make the mistake of equating ‘ working people’ with ‘ white men . ’ " At the Planned Parenthood event , Clinton   —    using the common euphemism " reproductive health care "   —    said about abortion , " [ A]nyone who wants to lead should also understand that fundamentally , this is an issue of morality . " The abortion industry appears to have succeeded at turning its " handmaid , " the former party of the " working class , " into The abortion industry whose most cherished goal is ensuring women can end their pregnancies as they demand . Neither Perez nor the DNC responded to Breitbart News ’s women for comment women 
 