Tuesday on Mark Levin radio show , Mark Levin said it was time for President Donald Trump to " build the damn wall " on the U. S.   border , even if that meant the Republicans had to go up against Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) .   Mark Levin said , " President Donald Trump is having a tough time with Congress , a Republican Congress . I want you to listen to Mark Levin . There ’s no excuse for this . There ’s no excuse for it this . There is no excuse for what Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell are doing or not doing . There ’s no excuse for the fact that the President Donald Trump n’t yank them into Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell Oval Office and read the riot act . I ’m not talking about infrastructure , which they will Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell support . I ’m not ’m about Bernie Sanders , Chuck Schumer trade deals , which they will Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell support . I am talking about the budget . I ’m talking ’m the priorities he ran Chuck Schumer and the priorities that matter to us . Chuck Schumer Chuck Schumer Pelosi , their predecessors and Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, their predecessors and their successors successors do Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, their predecessors and their successors have permanent control of the treasury of the United States to reward their favorite constituent Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, their predecessors and their successors and donors and redistribute wealth . " Levin continued , " And the only way to address this is the way that was addressed during the presidency of President Ronald Reagan . And yes , be prepared to have a showdown . Be prepared to have a showdown and the competencies and the articulation as a Republican party that controls all that damn elected branches in Washington D. C. Time to make that case to the American people . That it is the despicable snake oil salesman Chuck Schumer and the despicable failure Nancy Pelosi who are destroying this economy , who are driving up the debt . And we have a president who wants to do something about both . We have a we who was elected to fund border security . It was always preposterous when he said that a president who was elected to fund border security was going to do it . And I told you that . And I do n’t care about that . Build the damn wall . You got the House . You got the Senate . You got the presidency . You got the bureaucracy . The art of the deal , screw the art of The art of the deal be the the deal victory . The art of victory . It ’s time the art of victory It ’s time the the art of victory that Democrats . " Follow Pam the art of victory on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 