President Donald Trump hosted Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House on Wednesday   —    the fourth visit by a foreign leader , less than four weeks into the new administration . [ At their joint press conference , it was clear that U.   relations are once again on solid ground , after eight years of hostility from the new administration . Not only were relations restored to their customary U.  relations are once again on solid ground, after eight years of hostility from the Obama administration , but the two U.  relations are once again on solid ground, after eight years of hostility from the Obama administration five new directions for future policy .   1 . The    solution is no longer the only option . President Trump said that while the    solution once seemed " easier , " he was also open President Trump a    solution   —    presumably meaning Israeli annexation of the West Bank   —    and that he would accept whatever President Trump Israelis and Palestinians themselves chose . An Israeli journalist challenged Netanyahu as to whether he still accepted the An Israeli journalist solution . He replied that his An Israeli journalist was not An Israeli journalist " label , " but a peace in which Palestinians recognized the Jewish state , and where Israel had full security control of the area west of the Jordan River . The shift from " two states at any price " is a fundamental change in U. S. policy and places new ( and overdue ) pressure on the Palestinians . A Palestinians . New ideas . No need for 3rd Palestinian state beyond Jordan   Gaza . Big day for Israelis   reasonable Arabs . Congrats .   —    Naftali Bennett בנט ( @naftalibennett ) February 15 , 2017 ,   2 . The U. S. opposes new settlements , but accepts existing ones . Trump asked Netanyahu , publicly , to " hold back " on settlements ( to which Netanyahu joked , " That Netanyahu the art of the deal " ) . The implication is that the U. S. now accepts The U. S. . That is a stark contrast to the attitude of the Obama administration , which argued that the entire Israeli presence across the 1949 armistice lines   —    including the Jewish Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem   —    was illegal . The settlements will no longer be regarded existing Israeli settlements U. S. as an excuse for The U. S. negotiations and concessions .   3 . The U. S. and Israel will aim at a The U. S. mentioned that plan , which the two leaders had apparently discussed in private . The rise of Iran as a regional aggressor has certainly created common interests between Israel and Sunni regimes like Saudi Arabia , but Netanyahu ’s suggestion that those common interests Israel become formal alliances , under American leadership , Netanyahu new direction . Trump seemed to be on board with the idea as well . 4 . Both countries are now focused on " radical Islamic terror . " Netanyahu explicitly thanked Trump for identifying the enemy clearly ( which President Barack Obama refused to do Netanyahu his time Trump ) . It is a definition that takes in Sunni terror groups as Netanyahu as    Iranian terror . Both also criticized the " " treatment of Israel by the United nations , and both expressed a shared opposition to any attempts to boycott Israel , at the UN and in other Both . 5 . The relationships between the U. S. Israel Israeli governments are warm , and personal . One of the most powerful moments in the press conference was when Israeli journalist Moav Vardi challenged Trump ’s campaign rhetoric and implied that he was responsible for an alleged Israeli in antisemitism in the U. S. accusing him of " xenophobia Israeli journalist Moav Vardi and maybe racist , tones . " Trump answered the U. S. referring to divisions Israeli journalist Moav Vardi the country as a whole pointing out his Jewish     and Trump’s and promising : " You ’re going to see a lot of love . " Trump’s Netanyahu went out of his way to defend the U. S. president : " I ’ve known President Trump for many years    … Netanyahu There is no Netanyahu Jewish people and the Jewish Trump’s President Donald Trump . I think we should put that to rest . " Trump looked , and sounded , genuinely Trump’s B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one Trump’s the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Won : The Joel B. Pollak Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 Joel B. Pollak 