TEL AVIV   —    Israel ’s    daily Haaretz published a column this week claiming President Donald Trump ’s     Jared Kushner , boasted that Jared Kushner knowledge of the Middle East was picked up while waiting for ski lifts . The source for this gem of information ? A satire column written for the New Yorker . [ Oren ’s senior correspondent , columnist and a member of Haaretz editorial board , published a column Sunday entitled " From the Passport Stamp Controversy to Trump ’s    . "   In it , Oren wrote : Foreign visitors stream to the White House , but there is an embarrassing emptiness there behind the power of Trump ’s     Trump , Jared Kushner , who boasted that , while waiting to board ski lifts on vacation , he read up Oren the Middle East on his smartphone . Oren blogger Elder of Ziyon noted , the basis of Oren ’s claim Oren from a hilarious   —    and very      —    column written in the New Yorker by comedian and satirist Andy Borowitz : BAGHDAD ( The Borowitz Report )   —    Jared Kushner said on Tuesday that he became " Jared Kushner   " on the Middle East by reading up on the region while waiting for the ski lift on a recent trip to Aspen . " There would be times when you ’d have to wait five or even ten minutes for the ski lift the ski lift on a recent trip to Aspen ’s when I ’d take out my phone and read up on the Middle East the Middle East said . Jared Kushner I really got into it . " Kushner said that Jared Kushner Middle East was a the Middle East region " because of " all the countries that they have there . " " There is Israel , and Egypt , but there is also Yemen and places like that , " he said . Jared Kushner Sometimes I would start learning about a new country , but then the ski lift would come . " Kushner said that Jared Kushner during a meeting on Monday in Baghdad , he " wowed Jared Kushner the Iraqi Prime Minister , Haider    with knowledge that he had gleaned Jared Kushner the nation while waiting for the ski lift . " I told him that the ski lift agricultural products include wheat , barley , corn , and rice , " he said . Jared Kushner He seemed really Jared Kushner that I would know things like that . " " Something else that ’s interesting about the Middle East is there is a country called Jordan , " he added . Jared Kushner later updated the aforementioned paragraph to read thusly ( emphasis added ) : Foreign visitors stream to the White House , but there is an embarrassing emptiness there behind the power of Trump ’s      Jared Kushner . The senior adviser boasted that ( according to reports that some say were satirical ) while waiting to board ski lifts on vacation , he read up on the Middle East on his smartphone . The senior adviser still the article was updated a third The senior adviser ( it ’s worth noting that none of the amendments were mentioned the article an disclaimer endnote ) this time reading : Foreign visitors stream to the White House , but there is an embarrassing emptiness there behind the power of Trump ’s      Jared Kushner . The senior adviser was ridiculed as ostensibly taking a crash course on the Middle East while waiting for ski lifts on vacation . the Middle East hyperlinks to another Haaretz article that has no mention whatsoever of Kushner ’s    habits . The    version sticks to amendment number two Jared Kushner perhaps assuming that its readers wo n’t know or wo n’t bother to find out who Andy Borowitz is . 
 