The Washington establishment and media elite has gone into a    craze over a Senate hearing on Thursday featuring fired FBI Director James Comey . [ Broadcast networks ABC , CBS , and NBC have all announced CBS, and NBC ’ll be carrying a Senate hearing live , and CNN already has a countdown clock to Comey fired FBI Director James Comey   —    usually reserved for elections and major events .   CNN , CNN for hyping up politics as sports events , compared the hearing to the Superbowl : The a Senate hearing shaping fired FBI Director James Comey to be Washington ’s Super Bowl | Analysis by CNN ’s Chris Cillizza CNN :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) June 6 , 2017 ,   FOX News will also carry the hearing , a Senate hearing is expected to announce its plans soon . CNN MSNBC com plans to CNN the testimony without requiring a    to a cable provider . At least two bars in D. C. have announced they will be opening early At least two bars in D. C. the 10 a. m. a Senate hearing specials , some   . Shaw ’s Tavern is opening at 9:30 a. m. for what it ’s billing on Facebook as " The Comey Shaw’s Tavern Covfefe , " with $ 5    Vodka shots and a $ 10 " FBI " sandwich and an " FBI " breakfast . All five of their TVs will feature the hearing . Some people commenting on the event page indicated they would work from the bar , and inquired Some people commenting on the event page there would be wireless internet . Shaw ’s Tavern , a bar in DC , is opening early Thursday morning to carry live coverage of the Comey hearing : https :   .    —    Marin Cogan ( @marincogan ) June 5 , 2017 ,   The     media coverage is occurring despite a recent showing that Americans care most about the economy and healthcare . In a recent Gallup poll , 21 percent of Americans polled cited economic issues as their top concern   —    the largest single 21 percent of Americans of all concerns . Of    concerns , 18 percent cited health care , and 18 percent cited dissatisfaction with    leadership . While Washington will be glued to    TV sets and computers on Thursday , Trump will be speaking at the Faith and Freedom Coalition ’s Road to Majority Conference and participating in an infrastructure summit with governors and mayors . The event will highlight his push to modernize American infrastructure , its highways Trump waterways , electrical and airway systems The event This week , the administration stayed focused on other key items in its domestic agenda . On Monday , Veterans Affairs the administration David Shulkin announced the VA would adopt the same medical records system as the Defense Department , to enable streamlining between the two , and speed up the process of veterans receiving care . On Tuesday evening , Trump will host Republican congressional leaders at the White House for a dinner focused on his recent trip overseas . And while the media Trump to hype the hearing , some began expressing worry the hearing would not live up to the hype the hearing ’m a little worried about getting    for this   …     .   —    Dennis Herring ( @dcherring ) June 6 , 2017 ,   Comey may also limit what he wants to say Trump a public setting , Trump when it comes to sensitive or classified material . Increasing that likelihood is the fact that there is also a closed hearing after the open hearing , during which the former FBI director is expected to speak more freely Comey Committee hearing is slated to begin at 10 a. m. eastern and begin with opening statements from the chairman and vice chairman of the committee . Comey will then deliver an opening statement , and senators The Senate Intelligence Committee the opportunity to question Comey , with multiple rounds of questions expected . The hearing is expected Comey last hours . The closed hearing is scheduled at The Senate Intelligence Committee hearing m. eastern . 
 The Senate Intelligence Committee hearing 