A second federal judge —   this one in Wisconsin —   on Friday blocked President Donald Trump ’s new executive order ( EO ) on immigration travel , while the federal judge who blocked the first EO is reserving judgment on the revised EO . [ Trump signed EO 13780 on Mar. 6 , replacing Trump original order ( EO 13769 ) temporarily restricting immigration from several    nations . Judge James Robart of the U. S. District Court for the Western District of Washington issued a temporary restraining order ( TRO ) against the revised EO . the revised EO San the U. S. District Court also been filed against the new the revised EO The plaintiff states in the original TRO lawsuit —   a growing list that currently includes Washington , Minnesota , and Oregon —   asked Robart to rule that the TRO blocking EO 13769 likewise applies the revised EO new Washington . Robart the revised EO Friday the revised EO that none of the parties have properly filed new motions in that litigation   —    and that he Robart reserve judgment until there is a relevant motion and the legal issues have been fully briefed before his court . However , on that same day , Judge William Conley of the U. S. District Court for the Western District of Wisconsin the U. S. District Court a new TRO against the new EO , holding that the plaintiff in that new lawsuit had a substantial likelihood of success on the merits , and would suffer irreparable harm unless the court provided immediate relief . This new lawsuit in Wisconsin concerns a man with a family member in Syria who has applied for asylum and the U. S. District Court EO 13780 is thwarting that that new lawsuit is a temporary emergency measure that typically lasts less than two weeks , only long enough to the new EO district court judge enough time to fully consider an urgent matter in a lawsuit . A TRO is only issued in extraordinary situations . Conley has ordered legal briefs filed on an expedited basis for the next stage of litigation and will hold a court hearing on Mar. 21 on whether to convert the TRO into a preliminary injunction , a    remedy that could stay in place for however long it takes to reach a final decision on the legality of EO 13780 . A TRO TRO can not be appealed , a preliminary injunction can , which could take either case quickly to the next level of the federal judiciary . The Washington case would go back to the Ninth Circuit , while the Wisconsin case would go to the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit in Chicago . The first either case v. Trump , No . 2 :    in the Western either case . The second case is Doe v. Trump , No . 3 :    in the Western District either case Ken Klukowski is Washington for Breitbart News . Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski . 
 either case Washington the Western District the Western District of Washington Ken Klukowski 