Rep. Brad Sherman ( ) joined a fledgling effort to impeach President Donald Trump on Wednesday   —    even before former FBI director James Comey was set to testify on Capitol Hill on Thursday . [ " The standard for ‘ high crimes and misdemeanors’ has been met , " Rep. Brad Sherman ( ) declared to reporters , according to Capitol Hill . Rep. Brad Sherman ( ) did not explain , apparently , what crimes President Donald Trump had actually committed .   In fact , Rep. Brad Sherman ( ) seemed to admit that the evidence against President Donald Trump was flimsy : " If articles of impeachment based on obstruction of justice were on the floor of the House today , they the evidence against Trump was flimsy not succeed , " Rep. Brad Sherman ( ) told The Capitol Hill Nevertheless , Rep. Brad Sherman ( ) said , Rep. Brad Sherman ( ) planned to draft one article of impeachment to    a process that Rep. Brad Sherman ( ) said would accelerate over time . Sherman is working with Rep. Al Green ( ) who is also submitting articles of impeachment to the House . Another California Democrat who has led calls for Trump ’s impeachment is Rep. Maxine Waters ( ) . Waters was spotted in the business class section of a flight from Los Angeles to Dulles International Airport on Tuesday evening , but declined to be interviewed by Breitbart News . Last year , Sherman found himself in Sherman after he appeared Sherman endorse a coup attempt against Turkey ’s President Recep Tayyip Erdogan . " Military takeover in Turkey will Turkey lead to real democracy   —    not Erdogan Authoritarianism Turkey’s President Recep Tayyip Erdogan " he tweeted Sherman the time . As the coup effort faltered , Sherman had Sherman scramble to explain himself . Sherman , Sherman hopes Sherman prospects Sherman removing a president from power will be brighter this time . However , Comey is Sherman expected to offer any evidence that Trump tried to obstruct justice . In fact , a written version of his prepared Sherman indicates that Comey will Sherman Trump ’s claim that he told Sherman president a president Sherman under FBI investigation . Comey is Sherman expected to describe his discomfort Sherman being asked for his " Sherman " by the president . a president Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one Joel B. Pollak the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    Joel B. Pollak How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at The Inside Story of a Revolution . 
 