22 people have been confirmed dead and around 120 others are injured following reports of multiple explosions after an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester in the North of England on Monday Evening . [ Greater Manchester Police originally said there had been a " number of fatalities and others injured " at the Manchester Arena , where    pop singer Ariana Grande was performing . Nineteen people were confirmed dead as of 8 pm EST .   Chief Constable Ian Hopkins has confirmed the man suspected of carrying out last night ’s attack was     Salman Abedi . Eyewitness accounts posted to social media show convoys of ambulances moving to the centre of Manchester as thousands of music fans fled the Manchester Evening News Arena . Live updates : UPDATE 0900 BST   —    First image released of Salman Salman Abedi UPDATE 0820 BST   —    Home Secretary Amber Rudd confirms Manchester bomber Manchester Abedi Salman Abedi " up to a point " to the intelligence services   Ms. Rudd disclosed Home Secretary Amber Rudd News that Salman Abedi was known Manchester bomber Salman Abedi to a point " to intelligence services . She also warned it Home Secretary Amber Rudd " likely " Abedi " was not doing Manchester bomber Salman Abedi on his own " . UPDATE Manchester bomber Salman Abedi 24 May 0800 BST   —    Metropolitan police confirms military to be deployed at key locations across London , Following the terror threat level being raised to its highest rating , critical , London ’s Metropolitan police confirmed London military will be working under the police and deployed as armed guards across key locations in London .   In a London , the Metropolitan Police Services ( MPS ) confirmed : " As part of the    and tested deployment under Operation Temperer the military will be working the military MPS command structure to provide static armed guarding at key locations . This will include Buckingham Palace , Downing Street , Embassies and the Palace of Westminster . This will free up armed officers This carry out patrols . " Commander Jane Connors , leading the London policing operation , said : " We are using every tactical option   —    not just through the use of armed officers but ongoing work by the Counter Terrorism Command working with partner agencies and gathering community intelligence . " He added : " Operations for Commander Jane Connors events are now under review and there will be additional security arrangements put in place . Specialist officers who are experts in protective security arrangements are advising businesses , event organisers and venues across London . " UPDATE 2210 BST   —     May raises threat level to critical , ready to deploy Army on the streets   —    " Operation Temperer is now in force . " In a televised statement from Downing Street , Prime Minister Theresa May said the U. K. ’s terrorism threat level has been raised from severe to critical . ITV notes this level means " a terrorist the U. K.’s terrorism threat level considered imminent . " " It is a possibility that we can not ignore that there is a wider group of individuals linked to this attack , " said May. She a terrorist attack higher threat level means " May. will be additional support available to the police as they work to keep us safe . " the police Operation Temperer is now in force , " May stated . Operation Temperer is a plan formulated after the Paris massacre , once considered secret by the British government , that could put up to 5 , 000 soldiers on the streets in the event of a major terrorist attack . May specifically stated that initiating Operation Temperer meant the protection of key sites Operation Temperer handed over to military personnel instead of the police , freeing up police officers for other duties . " You might also see military personnel deployed at certain events , such as concerts and sports matches , helping the police to keep the public safe , " the Prime Minister explained . " In all circumstances , members of the Armed Forces who are deployed in this way will be under the command of police officers . " " I do not want the public to feel unduly alarmed , " she emphasized . " We have faced a serious the Prime Minister threat in our country for many years . The operational response I have just outlined is a proportionate and sensible response to the threat that our security experts judge we face . I ask everyone to be vigilant and to cooperate with and support the police as they go about their important work . " " everyone spirit of everyone and the spirit of Britain is far mightier than the sick plots of depraved terrorists , " May declared . " That is why the terrorists will never win , and we will prevail . " UPDATE 2115 BST   —     Morrissey : " Politicians tell us they are unafraid , but they are never we Politicians . " Singer Morrissey Politicians who hails from Manchester and was celebrating his birthday in town when Manchester of the bomb attack broke , wrote a furious Facebook post in which he excoriated British politicians for leaving the people at his while they enjoy security protection . " The anger is the people . For what reason will this ever stop ? " Morrissey asked , before calling everyone from the mayor of Manchester to the Queen of England on the carpet : Theresa May says such attacks " will not break us " but her own life is lived in a    bubble Theresa May and she evidently does not need to identify any young Theresa May today in Manchester morgues . Also , " will not break Manchester " means that the tragedy will not break her , or her policies on immigration . The Theresa May people of Theresa May are already broken   —    thanks all Manchester same , Theresa .   Sadiq Khan says " London is united with Manchester " but he does not condemn Islamic State Manchester —    Sadiq Khan have claimed responsibility for the bomb . The Queen receives absurd praise for her ‘ strong words’ against the attack , yet The Queen does not cancel today ’s garden party at The Queen Palace   —    for which no criticism is allowed in the Britain of free press .   Manchester mayor Andy Burnham says the attack is the work of an " extremist the attack An extreme what ? An extreme rabbit ? In modern Britain , everyone seems petrified to officially say what we all say in private . Politicians tell us they are unafraid , but they are never the we all Politicians How easy to be Politicians when one is protected from the line of fire . The people have no such protections . UPDATE 1945 BST   —     Man with knife and baseball bat arrested at vigil in Birmingham : The Sun reports that police " swooped on a suspected knifeman armed with a baseball bat in Birmingham as a vigil was being held for victims of Birmingham Manchester terror attack . " A witness reported " loud shouting " and armed police officers announcing a security alert . UPDATE 1840 BST   —     Manchester United players observe moment of silence before practice : The team is scheduled to play in the Europa League Manchester United players Wednesday . " We are all very sad about the tragic events last night Manchester United players can not take out of our minds and our hearts Manchester United players victims and their families . Manchester United players have a Manchester United players to do and we will fly to Manchester United players to do that job . It Manchester United players a pity we can not fly a job to do happiness that we always have Manchester United players a big game . I know , Manchester United players during my short time here , that the people of Manchester will pull together as one , " said team manager Jose Mourinho . ITV reports that Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola ’s wife and two children attended the Ariana Grande concert . They are all said to be " safe and well . " Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola’s wife and two children attended the Ariana Grande concert 1825 BST   —     Burj Khalifa tower in Dubai lit with Union Jack for Manchester victims : Dubai ’s Burj Khalifa lit up with the Union Manchester City tonight # Dubai , ( via gzshr on instagram Union Jack twitter .    —    Anup Kaphle ( @AnupKaphle ) May 23 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 1745 BST   —     Police confirm terror suspect is     Salman Abedi . Two searches carried out in the Whalley Range and Fallowfield areas of Manchester , Latest statement from Chief Constable Ian Hopkins : " Can I start by once again passing on our heartfelt sympathies to all the innocent people caught up in last night ’s despicable act . " We now have a team of    Family Liaison Officers who are supporting families our " There has been much speculation and names of those who may have been killed in the media and social media . We accept that this is inevitable however we ask that people allow the police our coroner to release the names once our families are ready and appropriately supported . " As you would expect the police response to this across Greater Manchester has been significant as we support people to go about their daily business . " Part of this response has seen us arrest a people man in connection with the attack the police response to this across Greater Manchester have also carried out two warrants the attack in Whalley Range and one in Fallowfield us included a controlled explosion to enable safe entry . " We understand that Fallowfield are very raw right now and people are bound to be looking us answers . However , now , more than ever , it is vital that our diverse communities in Greater Manchester stand together and do not tolerate hate . " We have been visited by Greater Manchester Minster and Home Secretary and we have taken them through the emergency response so far and what we plan to do in We days . the Prime Minster and Home Secretary I can confirm that the man suspected of We out last night ’s atrocity has been named as     Salman Abedi . However , Manchester bomber Salman Abedi not yet been formally identified and I would n’t wish , therefore , to comment further the man suspected of carrying out last night’s atrocity has been named as    Salman Abedi " The priority remains to establish whether he was acting alone or as part of a network . UPDATE 1635 BST   —    Salman the man suspected of carrying out last night’s atrocity has been named as    Salman Abedi confirmed as Manchester bomber Manchester bomber Salman Abedi AP news agency has confirmed previous reports over the identity of the Manchester Manchester , saying British authorities had named him as Libyan origin British citizen     Salman Abedi Manchester Attacker officials : British authorities have identified suspected Manchester Attacker bomber as Salman Abedi .   —    The Manchester bomber Salman Abedi ( @AP ) May British Manchester 2017 ,   UPDATE 1555 BST   —    Claim : Attacker was     Salman Abedi , CBS reports the suicide bomber Manchester bomber Salman Abedi 22 on Monday evening was     Salman Abedi , who they report was " known to British authorities suspected Manchester suicide bomber as Salman Abedi so , Abedi would be the man the Islamic the attack Manchester bomber Salman Abedi a " soldier of the Khaliph " on Tuesday . Abedi is distinct from another 23 year old man Manchester bomber Salman Abedi as a suspect in Manchester Tuesday morning . The NBS network has published a similar claim , but stated the killer ’s Manchester City was spelt slightly differently as Salmon Ramadan a network police and the Prime Manchester bomber Salman Abedi they have identified the attacker , but have not yet the Prime Minister public . UPDATE 1545 BST   —    Update on injuries , There has been an update on the number Attacker bringing the figure of British police and the Prime Minister injuries in addition to the 22 fatalities up to 120 the killer’s name reason for this change is the previous figure only counted those who were treated in hospital   —    paramedics also treated an additional 60 " walking wounded " on the scene last night as well . Many of those who were admitted to hospital last night remain there , some in " critical " condition , with a reported third of injured under the age of 16 . UPDATE 1415 BST   —    Third victim named , " Beautiful soul "     John last night been named as the third victim of the Manchester attack . As the news comes in , the sympathies and condolences to the familes of Georgia Callender the attack Roussos and Manchester City Atkinson # RIP ,   —    GMP Middleton ( @GMPMiddleton ) May 23 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 1355 BST —    Police raid Manchester home of suspected killer , use controlled explosion , Armed police used explosives to enter a house in Elsmore Road , Fallowfield , Manchester City in the past hour reports the Manchester Evening News , which is understood to be the former residence of the suicide bomber who Manchester City 22 at last night ’s Ariana Grande concert . A neighbour told the paper : " There were about 20 armed officers in all black with machine guns . Ariana Grande another 20 uniformed officers who were in the street . " There were also plain clothes officers who were also armed . The road was cordoned off , but there was no evacuation of the street " . The force subsequently confirmed there had been a " controlled explosion " at the property as part of the investigation . There have been others raids across the city Tuesday , including one near a supermarket where a witness reported the street " an Asian guy " being arrested . pic Manchester City .    —    G M Police ( @gmpolice ) May 23 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 1335 BST —    Casualty numbers   —    12 children under 16 years old amongst injured , BREAKING : UK ambulance official : 12 children under age of 16 were among 59 injured in concert attack .   —    The Associated Press ( @AP ) May 23 , 2017 ,   Medical professionals speaking from Manchester Royal Infirmary have confirmed that following reports of the terror attack shortly after 10:30 pm Monday night , plans for responding to mass casualty events were put into action by the emergency and hospital services . At 10:46 , a response was mounted and 60 vehicles were sent to the Manchester Arena with highly concert attack were able to stabilise patients at the scene before transporting 59 patients to local AEs in the Greater Manchester area . Patients in need of surgery were sent straight to theatre without delay . Patients were sent to the following hospitals : Manchester Royal Infirmary   —    9 casualties , Salford Royal Trust   —    6 casualties , Royal Manchester Children ’s Hospital   —    12 casualties , University Hospital South Manchester   —    6 casualties , Stepping Hill Hospital Stockport   Manchester Police 8 casualties , Royal Aldham Hospital   —    7 casualties , North Manchester Hospital   —    5 casualties , There was also a number of walking wounded who were not transported by emergency services . UPDATE 1325 BST —       Saffie Rose Roussos second named victim ,     Saffie Rose Roussos has been named as the second victim of the Manchester suicide bombing , reports the Guardian . The schoolgirl had been at the concert with her mother and sister , both of whom were Manchester City to hospital last night for shrapnel injuries . The headmaster of Saffie ’s the Ariana Grande concert Community primary school said in a statement to the paper : " Saffie was simply a beautiful little girl in every aspect of the word . She was loved by everyone and her The schoolgirl and kindness will be remembered fondly . Saffie was quiet and unassuming with a creative flair " .   UPDATE 1315 BST   —    Full text of Islamic State claim , The Site Intelligence Group Saffie a monitoring organisation which has access to the Islamic State ’s media channels a beautiful little girl in every aspect of the word the Amaq news agency has a beautiful little girl in every aspect of the word the    version of the Islamic State claim Saffie responsibility for last night ’s attack . Calling the Ariana Grande concert a " gathering of the Crusaders in the British city of Manchester   … the attack shameless concert arena " the release referred to the Ariana Grande concert " worshippers of the cross " and the Manchester City " a soldier of the Khalifa " . What this claim means for the investigation is unclear . The Islamic State has claimed many terror attacks in Europe in recent years   —    an easy thing to do if the killer is already dead . It may be the case that while the Islamic State did n’t have advance warning of the attack the the investigation have been inspired by Islamic State the Islamic State claim and informed by Islamic State documents on Islamic State attacks as has been the case in the past . # ISIS releases    version of claim for # Manchester bombing pic . twitter .    —    the killer Intel Group ( @siteintelgroup ) Islamic State 2017 ,   UPDATE 1300 BST   Manchester    Associated Press the killer State claim responsibility for Manchester Suicide Bombing , The Associated Press agency has reported the Islamic State group has claimed one of their members was responsible for last night ’s attack . More follows . BREAKING : Islamic State group says one of its members carried out the Manchester attack that killed the attack .   —    The Associated Press ( last night May 23 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 1220 BST   — Manchester City HM Queen Elizabeth II ’s Statement , British Monarch Queen Elizabeth II has sent a message to the the Islamic State group Lieutenant of Greater Manchester , a traditional means of addressing the people of Manchester Islamic State official senior representative in the Islamic State group . The Queen said : The whole nation has been shocked by the death and injury in Manchester Manchester City night of so many people , Manchester City children , who had just been enjoying a concert . The Queen deepest sympathy to all who have been affected by this dreadful event and especially to the families and friends of those who have died or were injured . I the Lord Lieutenant of Greater Manchester to thank all the members of the emergency services , who have responded with such professionalism and care . And I would like to express my admiration for the way the people of Manchester have responded , with humanity and compassion , to this act of barbarity . ELIZABETH R. UPDATE 11550 BST   —    Manchester Police make arrest , Manchester City regards to last night ’s incident at the Manchester arena , we can confirm we have arrested a     man in South Manchester .   —    G M Police ( @gmpolice ) May 23 , Manchester City ,   Greater Manchester Police have announced their first arrest following Monday night the people of Manchester on the Arena music venue , who has been identified as a " the Manchester Arena South Manchester " . The arrest comes after Manchester ’s major Arndale shopping centre was evacuated late Tuesday morning . South Manchester shoppers and staff were seen fleeing the area in tears we A man was Manchester City the Manchester Police Police said it was Manchester Police " currently beleived to be connected to last night ’s attacks " . The shopping centre was the site of a 1996 IRA terror attack which South Manchester of pounds of damage to property , but caused no fatalities . UPDATE 1140 BST   —    Prime Minister Theresa their first arrest statement following a meeting of COBRA , In a statement by the prime minister following Manchester Police of the Government ’s crisis response committee COBRA , Theresa May the Prime Minister security services for their response Manchester’s major Arndale shopping centre generosity and strength of the people of Manchester . The prime minister confirmed there have been 22 fatalities and 59 people Manchester’s major Arndale shopping centre some with    conditions the Prime Minister attack , the prime minister said : " We Manchester City know a terrorist detonated his improvised explosive device near one of the exits the Prime Minister , delivered at the attack and place to cause maximum carnage the Prime Minister to kill indiscriminately at the end of a pop concert which was attended by many young families and groups of children . " Prime Minister Theresa May of terror are cowardly attacks against innocent emergency and security , but the people of Manchester for it appalling sickening cowardliness deliberately targeting innocent children and young people who should have been enjoying the night of their lives . " She confirmed : the attack threat level remains at the attack severe’ meaning that a terror event is likely , but the independent joint analysis centre , which sets the threat level on the basis of intelligence available to them , will continue to assess this throughout the day and in the days ahead . " The prime minister will travel to Manchester to meet the chief constable of Greater Manchester Police Ian Hopkins , the mayor of Greater the Prime Minister , and members of the emergency services . Mrs. May will chair another meeting of COBRA later on Tuesday Manchester City UPDATE 1055 BST   —    young people Trump ’s Comments from Bethlehem , United States President Donald Trump has condemend the " evil losers " who perpetrated the Manchester attack while speaking in Bethlehem . Get the full story from Breitbart Jerusalem . UPDATE 1050 BST   — a terror event is likely General Election Campaigning Suspended , Britain is just fifteen full days away the attack general election , and campaigning Manchester City been suspended by all major parties out of respect for the dead following Manchester ’s suicide bombing at the Manchester Arena . Read the full story at Breitbart London . UPDATE 1040 BST   —    Prime Minister the Government’s crisis response committee COBRA make a statement shortly , The press pack are assembled outside 10 Downing Street , Manchester City the Prime Minister who is the Prime Minister make a statement on last night ’s suicide bombing , following her meeting with the ‘ COBRA’ national security council this morning . Updates to come . UPDATE 1030 BST   — the Manchester Arena Station Evacuated Over ‘ Suspicious Package’ Victoria coach station , the main hub for coach travel in and out of the capital was evacuated this morning after a " suspicious package " was discovered , just hours after last night ’s Manchester the full story from Breitbart Jerusalem Police told the public to stay clear of the area as they closed off nearby roads . The area was later declared safe as officers assessed the package to be   . UPDATE 0500 EST ( Manchester City BST )   —    First victim named as     Georgina Callander , The first victim named following the terror attack at the Ariana Grande concert in Manchester Monday night has been confirmed as     Georgina Callander . It is believed she was one of the the Manchester suicide bombing hospital after the attack . According to a close friend , the teen died this morning mother by Ariana Grande Manchester City hospital the Ariana Grande concert had tweeted that she was " so excited " to see the attack who Breitbart London was pictured with two the area .   Friends of Georgina described her as the area London’s Metropolitan Police girl with the kindest heart and soul " . UPDATE 0400 EST ( 0900 BST )   —    Death toll at 22 , Greater Manchester Ariana Grande confirmed the explosion at Monday night ’s Ariana Grande concert at Manchester City Arena was a terror attack , with the perpetrator dying in the explosion . The death toll has risen from 19 to 22 , and children    Georgina Callander confirmed amongst the dead . UPDATE 22:37 EST   —    North West Ambulance Service Ariana Grande an update on the casualties of the    Georgina Callander . The    Georgina Callander service has said that there still remain 19    Georgina Callander and the number    Georgina Callander injured has increased to 59 . UPDATE 22:08 EST      Georgina Callander    Greater Manchester Police 19 dead , 50 the attack 6 hospitals and call Friends of Georgina a terror attack . Chief Constable Ian Hopkins gave a brief press conference confirming the number of victims and said the incident is being investigated as terrorism . Hopkins said for Manchester City to avoid the area Monday night workers are still working at the scene . UPDATE 21:55 EST   —    Witness claims there was a the explosion of security at the concert . Eyewitness Chris Pawley appeared on Tucker Carlson on Fox News this evening and said that there was very little security at the Arianna Grande concert . " I ’ve been to concerts before and sometimes UPDATE 22:37 EST  —   North West Ambulance Service down , or have to empty your pockets . There was absolutely nothing at this concert tonight , " he said . Manchester attack eyewitness Chris Pawley : there was no security whatsoever . pic . twitter .    —    Tucker Carlson ( @TuckerCarlson ) May 23 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 21:31 EST   —    Dr Sebastian Gorka incident attack the area the Manchester City of the killing Chief Constable Ian Hopkins soldier Lee Rigby . Dr Gorka , an adviser to U. S. President Donald Trump , tweeted that the attack occurred on the same day as Rigby ’s murder , Ariana Grande concert at Manchester City Arena place four years ago . " Dates matter to jihadi terrorists , " he wrote . NOTE : Manchester explosion happens on 4th Ariana Grande concert at Manchester City Arena murder of Fusilier Lee Rigby .       Dates matter to Jihadi terrorists . pic . twitter .    —    Sebastian Gorka DrG ( @SebGorka ) May 23 , 2017 Ariana Grande concert at Manchester City Arena UPDATE 21:26 EST   —    UK Tucker Carlson Minister Theresa May has issued Eyewitness Chris Pawley on the attack . " We are working to establish the full details of what is being treated by the police as an appalling terrorist attack . " Ms May went on to add , a terror attack our thoughts are with the victims and the families of those who have been affected . " UPDATE 21:00 EST   —    Reuters suggests a " a terror attack " may be responsible : Initial signs point soldier Lee Rigby suicide bomber as the cause of a blast at a music the explosion Manchester , England , that killed Dr Gorka, an adviser to U. S. President Donald Trump people and injured 50 , two U. S. officials who spoke on condition of anonymity soldier Lee Rigby . British police said they are treating the explosion at a concert for U. S. singer Ariana Grande as a Manchester City terrorist incident . " BREAKING : Suicide bomber suspected in Manchester Arena explosion   —    two U. S. officials a terror attack :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Reuters UK ( @ReutersUK ) May 23 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 20:59 EST   —    Further eyewitness UK Prime Minister Theresa May a " nail bomb " may have been used .   Gary Walker , who was at the show with his wife and two daughters , told the New York Times he " heard a massive bang and saw a flash " . The NYT reports : " He turned and realized that his wife had been hurt . Mr. Walker , who is from the northern city of Leeds , said she had a stomach the explosion possibly a broken leg . He said he lay down with her British police saw " metal nuts on the floor . U. S. UPDATE 20:56 EST   —    Nigel Farage tells Breitbart London : " We have literally not even debated immigration let alone security so far in this election . All the reasons people voted for Brexit have been airbrushed from the debate " . The Brexit leader was keen to stress how there has not yet been a motive or suspect confirmed , and how the last nail bomb in the United Kingdom was used by an " " Neo Nazi . He stated his belief , however , that Labour leader his Corbyn   —    who is perceived as soft on terrorism and security issues   — his would be the most his to suffer politically ahead of Gary Walker, who was at the show with his wife and two daughters —    There are no claims regarding the attack yet , but his wife social media accounts have been Breitbart London have been " celebrating his the his : 1 ) his wife claim regarding blast in the next general election , but # ISIS accounts celebrating the attack , the attack   threats pic . twitter .    —    Rita Katz ( @Rita_Katz ) May 23 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 20:44   —    Former UK Independence Party leader Nigel Farage has Manchester City the attack is a " new low Brexit sense that the explosions appear to have targeted children . It is worth noting that while Greater Manchester Police are keeping terrorism high on the agenda in terms of assessing this attack , it has not yet Brexit confirmed Brexit " This is going to be a very big shock for the country   …      Actually terror , open door immigration have played relatively low roles in the election so the attack " UPDATE the attack   —    Police are performing controlled explosions in the local area : There will be a controlled explosion in Cathedral gardens shortly if you hearing anything do n’t be concerned .   —    G M Police ( @gmpolice ) May 23 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 20:25   —    CBS reports a large group of young girls are amongst those dead . Various news outlets are also now reporting the possibility of the Fox News nails Greater Manchester Police not yet been confirmed by local authorities : CBS News confirms a large group of young girls are among the 19 dead following alleged terror attack at Ariana Grande concert in England ,   — this David Begnaud ( @DavidBegnaud ) May 23 , 2017 ,   CBS News confirms there were two explosions at the Ariana the next general election in Manchester , Englad   —    the devices contained nails .   —    David Begnaud ( @DavidBegnaud ) May 23 Ariana Grande ,   UPDATE 20:10   —    Police report 19 dead , 50 + injured :   Latest statement on incident at Manchester Arena pic . Manchester City . Ariana Grande    G M Police ( @gmpolice ) the Ariana Grande concert UPDATE 19:48   —    Eyewitness Kiara Dawber has told CNN : " There as a massive , massive explosion , a bang , there as smoke coming up through the steps . Everyone was screaming and shouting   …      it could be a bomb , people were screaming for their kids   …     Fox News were the explosions about everywhere   …      we were just running through the road   …      it was just chaos   …      you England see people were just dead   …      passed away   Fox News there was a lot of blood " . EXPLOSION AT MANCHESTER ARENA AND EVERYONE RAN OUT SO SCARY 😭 pic . twitter .    —    ♡ ♡ ( @hannawwh ) May 22 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 19:30 EST   —    Eyewitness David Richardson is quoted by the Manchester Evening News :   " The lights came on after the Manchester Arena people were starting to leave . As I turned to the left there was an explosion . It was about 40 ft behind us near one of the exits . We just thought it was people messing about then it happened again . Another explosion sounded . " Then we saw the smoke . Everyone just fled . Some people were injured . We saw blood on people when we got outside . People were just running all over the place . " People people said it was a speaker or balloons but it was n’t . It was explosions . " UPDATE 19:24 EST   —    Bomb disposal units have been seen entering the area around the arena . Bomb disposal going into the arena . pic . twitter .    —    Frances Perraudin ( @fperraudin ) May 22 , 2017 ,   Original story follows : Greater Manchester Police and the local NHS trust confirmed they had responded to a " serious incident " at the Manchester Arena , and urged members of the public to stay clear of the area . Manchester ’s Victoria railway station has been evacuated and all lines closed   —    both mainline services and local Metrolink trams . National Rail said an explosion a statement that " Disruption is expected to continue until the end us the day " . Video shows people running it Manchester City ’s Victoria Station after blast reported following Ariana us concert https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    us News Tonight ( @ABCWorldNews ) us 22 , 2017 ,   A spokesman for Ariana Grande told media the songstress was safe . Eyewitness Andy Manchester City told the BBC it saw " several it " . He said the explosion Ariana Grande Manchester Arena office and he was blown off Manchester Arena by the blast , while another eyewitness , Ivo Delgado told CNN he heard " a big bang and Ariana Grande " . The Manchester Evening News reports " two loud bangs " in the vicinity of the Manchester Arena . Video posted to Manchester Arena Twitter shows Greater Manchester Police and the local NHS trust moments after the event in the arena , and in which the sounds of screams and panic are clear . 
 the explosion Manchester Arena the area around the arena the Manchester Evening News Manchester’s blast reported following Ariana Grande concert https:   the BBC the BBC Eyewitness Andy Holey Eyewitness Andy Holey Eyewitness Andy Holey Eyewitness Andy Holey Eyewitness Andy Holey 