Defense Secretary Jim Mattis , who commanded troops in war , delivered a powerful speech honoring fallen service members at Arlington Cemetery on Monday . [ " Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, who commanded troops in war shall not grow old as we that are left grow old . Age shall not weary Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, who commanded troops in war , nor the years condemn . At the going down of the sun and in the morning , we will remember Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, who commanded troops in war , " he began he remarks , which were followed by President Trump .   " We gather here today with the shared attitude of gratitude , " he said . Mattis was also joined at the ceremony by fellow Marine commanders , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Joseph Dunford and retired Gen. John Kelly , now currently the secretary of the Department of Homeland Security . Kelly lost Kelly son , Marine 1st Lieutenant Robert Kelly , in the Afghanistan War in 2010 . Mattis ’s remarks held special poignance since Mattis’s has recently commanded troops in the     Afghanistan and Iraq Wars . The cemetery ’s Section 60 holds many of those who have fallen in those wars . " More than a century ago , this plot of land was a plantation on the Potomac . Scenic , but hardly sacred . Now , these fields hold the greatest treasure of America . America ’s courageous , dead . Those who today we pause to remember , " he said . Mattis , who is known as the " Warrior Monk " and is himself Mattis, who is known as the "Warrior Monk" for memorable sayings , borrowed from great figures , including Plato and Supreme Court justices , to pay homage to the men and women who have died protecting the America " Not far from here lies the marker of Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr. a Civil War infantry veteran , who later rose to become a Supreme Court justice . Holmes said those who serve in our military have hearts that are touched with fire . Having known great things , he said Holmes they are those who serve in our military with silence , " he said Holmes " If you have ever known one of the fallen , you have known greatness . But it is hard to be content with their silence those who serve in our military for we miss those who serve in our military . those who serve in our military empty chair on a holiday , empty every day . The photograph that goes wherever you do . The picture fades , but the person in it does The picture , " he said the person in it Mattis said their fighting spirit persists , passed down through the ranks , and echoes in those who fight on today " on the air , on land , and at sea . " Quoting Plato , he said Mattis " In a world awash with change , some things stand firm . Some things are as Plato said Plato ‘ Good and true and beautiful . ’ " He also Mattis families to turn suffering into meaning . " The kid on the line who never got a chance to grow old will always be there to teach us that suffering has meaning if it is accepted out of love for others , " he said Mattis " To the families of the fallen , both here and at home , no words will ease your pain . But I beg you , let it have meaning . Unite your sorrow to their awesome purpose . People do grace places , but people also grace people . We are blessed by our time We those now asleep , the mighty and the gentle . " " Let us share We story those now asleep, the mighty and the gentle others , " he said . " Then , like the poet , we all can say , " he added the poet Sleep , soldiers ! still in honored rest , Your truth and valor wearing . The bravest are the tenderest , —   The loving are the daring . 
 