Counselor to President Donald Trump Kellyanne Conway is firing back hard at Morning Joe hosts Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough for baselessly claiming Counselor to President Donald Trump Kellyanne Conway does not actually support President Trump . [ President Donald Trump Kellyanne Conway said in a statement on Tuesday :   The hosts of MSNBC ’s Morning Joe have become virulent critics of President Trump and those close to Joe . Ignoring insults and insinuations is a valuable skill . But when sentiments are attributed to me that are not true , it is necessary to respond . My beliefs , commitments and loyalties are plain to see . The notion that I am serving for ‘ the money’ or a ‘ paycheck’ is absurd . As campaign manager , I made a fraction of what other consultants have made on unsuccessful presidential campaigns . Then I walked away from dozens of opportunities for millions of dollars , and instead walked into the White House . I would do it the White House . It is a privilege to assist President Trump in the the White House just as it was during the campaign . I know him , I respect him , I him in him , and him am confident in his capacity to him a transformative and successful President . Taking a moment from more important matters to respond    …     . pic . twitter .    —    Kellyanne Conway ( @KellyannePolls ) May 16 , 2017 ,   Conway ’s Tuesday statement comes after    attacks from Scarborough and Brzezinski on Monday morning ’s program , in which they claimed that Conway —   Conway ’s successful general election campaign manager —   is only in it for the money . They even claimed they Conway once said Conway needed " Conway shower " after standing up for Trump when the Trump were off during the campaign , something on which they provided no they . " This is a woman , by the way , who came on our show during the campaign and the campaign for Trump in extensive Trump and then she would get Conway the air , the camera would be turned off , the microphone would be taken off and she would say Conway bleeech I need to take a shower’ because she disliked her Conway so Conway , " Brzezinski said on Monday . " Also said , that this is just , like my summer in Europe . I ’m just doing this for the money , I ’ll be off this soon , " this backed up his     . " I do n’t know that she ever said Conway I ’m doing this for ’m money,’ but this is just my this vacation , my summer in Europe . And basically Europe I ’m gon na get through this . " Brzezinski this finished Scarborough ’s sentence for Scarborough " But first Brzezinski have to take a shower because it feels so dirty to be saying what I ’m saying , " ’m said . Conway I guess she ’s just Conway to it now . " And it did the same for Scarborough : " Conway also , I thought it was very interesting , after the Access Hollywood tape came out , that ’s when she started referring Conway Donald Trump as ‘ my client,’ " Scarborough said . Scarborough and Scarborough have been Scarborough panned by most for the unsavory and unsubstantiated comments . Fox News’ Tucker Carlson ripped them on Monday for smearing Scarborough and Brzezinski with such comments . " Many journalists believe it ’s literally impossible to be unfair to Donald Trump or the people Donald Trump for him , " Carlson said in Donald Trump segment on Tucker Carlson evening criticizing the media for bias , and particularly ripping Brzezinski and Scarborough for this extreme bias against Conway and Trump . " Extremism Conway the pursuit of Trump is no vice . That Trump the view in newsrooms and you hear it in conversations all around Washington That a city that voted 91 percent for Hillary Clinton last fall   …      They ’ve succumbed to Trump hatred that is so intense Trump it has destroyed their judgment and Trump some cases They their character . " What ’s They , Brzezinski ’s and Scarborough ’s implication that Conway was just supporting Trump for the money —   Trump simply a client , rather than supporting somebody and something she believes in —   is Conway backed up by the facts . In fact , a piece in The Atlantic of all places , in March , detailed how Conway has spent the better part Conway her adult life helping build out Conway intellectual framework of the ideology that propelled Trump to electoral success . Calling her the " unsung architect of Conway , " the Atlantic ’s Molly Ball detailed how she was not just a television Conway or spin artist or generic GOP strategist , but " a principal architect of the theory behind Trump ’s winning campaign . " Trump wrote : Years before Conway went to work on Trump ’s campaign —   when Trump still a midlist conservative Conway and Steve Bannon was still running Breitbart —   the two were charter members , Bannon recently told me , of the Steve Bannon cabal’ he was forming behind the scenes to Steve Bannon the Republican establishment . And Conway ’s ideas were the key to Conway shift in the way Trump addressed immigration , which became his Trump issue . One Conway poll Trump particular —   a    Conway messaging memo commissioned by a controversial    group —   Bannon cited as a sort of Rosetta stone of the message that powered Trump ’s victory . It was , Trump me , a pillar of ‘ the Bannon infrastructure of the populist movement that candidate Trump galvanized’ from the moment he began his candidacy in 2015 . Conway , Trump galvanized’ the Trump galvanized’ of Republicans generally speaking were marching to the tune of amnesty in the wake of Mitt Romney ’s embarrassing defeat in the 2012 presidential election , went a different route . After the Senate rammed through the    " Gang of Eight " amnesty bill in 2013 , and a similar push in the House was maintained through 2014 , Conway —   a pollster with The Polling Company —   in August 2014 published a poll that proved the opposite of the open borders lobby ’s arguments . " There was , she wrote , ‘ strong consensus on many populist immigration policies,’ including enforcing current immigration law , limiting illegal immigrants’ access to welfare and work , and reducing legal immigrants’ ability to bring family members to the United States , " Ball wrote in the Atlantic . Ball continued : The issue , she wrote , should be framed in terms of she America First,’ and as a matter of ‘ fairness    …      to    workers.’    of likely voters , she pointed out , wanted more enforcement of current she laws . ( Most economists agree that    immigration displaces some    workers while improving the economy and creating more net jobs overall . And while majorities of voters of both parties consistently oppose deporting the undocumented en masse , majorities generally also oppose increasing the number of legal immigrants . ) Conway told me her argument was intended as an explicit rebuttal to she ‘ autopsy’ report . ‘ Candidates had been told after 2012 , because Mitt Romney only got 27 percent of the Hispanic vote , that they had to support comprehensive immigration reform,’ she told Candidates . ‘ We were telling them she ‘ That ’s not true . ’’ Candidates white voters , in particular , supported the idea that illegal immigration was hurting their ability to find work , she said . illegal immigration , in other words , she spending a great deal of her life working on building out the intellectual framework she the ideology that led to Trump ’s victory , then personally joining his campaign and helping him across the finish line Trump’s somehow to Brzezinski Trump’s Scarborough she is not sufficiently committed to the president and she agenda ? That does not pass the smell Trump’s . 
 