Rhodes , created an infamous " echo chamber " of fake news to sell the Iran deal . [ Now , Rhodes is part of a new echo , repeating and retweeting    smears aimed at one of his successors , Dr. Sebastian Gorka , Deputy Assistant to President Donald Trump and a key media spokesman for the White Rhodes .   Rhodes first took aim at Gorka in response to a tweet by Tommy Vietor , a former National Security Council spokesman Rhodes President Obama who infamously attempted to dismiss the Benghazi scandal by telling Fox News’ Bret Baier : " Dude , this was like two years ago . " Vietor was , in turn , quoting a Newsweek article criticizing Gorka for criticizing a critic for criticizing his credentials . Rhodes piled on , mocking the " Breitbart credentialed Gorka " for his sensitivity . Rhodes and Vietor ought to be the last to question anyone ’s credentials . Rhodes had no national Rhodes experience before Rhodes plucked Vietor a struggling career as a fiction writer and promoted up the Rhodes . Vietor was literally the " dude " who drove the press van for Obama on the campaign trail . Both symbolize Vietor callow nature and    culture of the Obama West Wing . ( Rhodes still claims today that Syria gave up " all " of its chemical weapons in 2013 . ) Since that Rhodes swipe in February , Rhodes has joined the latest round of Syria aimed at Gorka , tweeting an article from the Forward that attempted   Rhodes    and failed   —    to prove that Gorka supported an antisemitic Hungarian militia . This person works in the WH : " Gorka   …     publicly supported Gorka violent racist and    militia " https :   .   via @jdforward ,   —    Ben Rhodes ( @brhodes ) April 3 , 2017 ,   ( Be warned before clicking on the link to the Forward article itself : readers are hit with a popup request for donations to continue funding the smear campaign against Gorka . They are literally fundraising off this character assassination . ) The    article included an old video interview in Hungarian with readers , with English subtitles   —    but the the Forward article itself spliced together . The raw video was also provided , Gorka without subtitles . David Reboi of RedState undertook a full translation . As David P. the video Media noted , " the Forward ’s clip edits out Gorka ’s denunciation of the    parties for exploiting popular fears in order to advance their own agenda " ( original emphasis ) Gorka A lie good enough , as the joke goes , for government work   —    the   parties    work , in Rhodes ’s case . He tweeted later : " Picture if Gorka was a Muslim who supported an    militia and had associations with Nazi groups . Would he Rhodes in the White House ? " Here Rhodes did more than repeat the false accusations in the Forward : he also took aim Rhodes Gorka ’s notable criticism of radical Islam , Rhodes threat Rhodes and his former boss refused even to pronounce . Rhodes culmination of this new Gorka echo chamber " came last weekend , with an Rhodes News Rhodes that tried , and failed , to prove Gorka ’s associations with Hungarian extremists but smeared him anyway , citing a fraudulent organization . And so a smear that started with a discredited Gorka on an    blog has been promoted Hungarian via the Forward   —    which has an actual problem with antisemitism , having linked Zionists absurdly and outragously with Nazis    —    into the front ranks of the mainstream media and finally to the big network news stage , but remains essentially empty . It is the " echo chamber , " reborn   —    or , rather , undead , a sort of zombie , totally impervious to truth . Note that none of Gorka ’s detractors actually question his support for Israel , or even his links with Jews , because they do not care . The echo chamber depends on a factual Gorka’s detractors , and repetition by false authorities Gorka’s detractors Just ask the man who Jews it . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people in news The echo chamber in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Won : Joel B. Pollak Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at Joel B. Pollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 