Former aides to former President Barack Obama reacted sorrowfully to the news that President Donald Trump would withdraw from the Paris Climate agreement , sharing Former aides to former President Barack Obama feelings on Twitter . [ " Malicious idiocy derived from willful ignorance motivated by avarice , " former President Barack Obama ’s former senior advisor Dan Pfeiffer wrote , reacting to the news .   " Have been in two European cities today . News is all Paris . Vibe is mournful , " wrote former President Barack Obama ’s former speechwriter Cody Keenan . " Feels like U. S. giving up 75 years of global leadership . " Obama’s former speechwriter Cody Keenan also wrote that Trump would be " cursed and loathed " by future generations because of Obama’s former speechwriter Cody Keenan decision . former President Barack Obama ’s former National Security advisor Susan Rice also indicated former National Security advisor Susan Rice disappointment . " The cumulative effect of Trump policies , capped by former National Security advisor Susan Rice foolish , tragic Paris decision = abdication of America ’s global leadership , " former National Security advisor Susan Rice wrote . " Shame ! " " Trump destroying ability of any US President , including himself , to garner long term international commitments on anything , " wrote Jesse Lee , a former White House director of rapid response . " Make[s ] US word meaningless . " " Literally every other major government and political party in the world believes this except for the US and GOP   —    a staggering disconnect , " former National Security Advisor Ben Rhodes lamented on Twitter . former National Security Advisor Ben Rhodes described White House economic advisor Gary Cohn and H. R. McMaster " complicit " in the acceleration of " the destruction of our planet . " Joel Benenson a pollster for Obama and Hillary Clinton also lamented the decision . " As if Trump did n’t do enough on foreign trip to squander America ’s role as global leader , " Joel Benenson a pollster for Obama and Hillary Clinton said . "    . A ‘ win’ for ignorance . "  
 