Former President Barack Obama and his wife Michelle grabbed brunch with Bono in the Big Apple Friday and were greeted with cheers and applause from a crowd of onlookers . [ As the Obamas and the U2 frontman exited the restaurant , People reports , " the restaurant stood up and applauded and cheered for them . People Obama waved at everyone upon leaving . "   Video of the Obamas exiting Upland Restaurant in Manhattan , flanked by Secret Service , flooded social media . " Obama , Barack Obama love you " one person is heard screaming as the crowded eatery erupts with applause .   # powerlunch    @karanilanraymond   @lindseybono   @michelleobama   # presidentobama # nyc # upland , A post shared by Emma Wiedner ( @ewiedner ) on Mar 10 , 2017 at 11:32am PST ,   " I ’m dying . I ’m dead ’m PRESIDENT OBAMA Barack Obama lunch w us . We all clapped us , " one Instagram user captions .   I ’m dying . ’m ’m dead . ’m OBAMA is Barack Obama w us . We all clapped us cried us post shared by Mackenzi ( @mackenzi ) on Mar 10 , 2017 at 11:19am PST ,   The bromance between President Obama and Bono dates back years . In 2010 , the    crooner met with Obama and his national Barack Obama team to " the   crooner the administration ’s development strategy heading into the upcoming    and    meetings in Canada and September ’s U. N. Summit on the Millenium Development Goals . " And Friday ’s was not the first brunch the Obamas and Bono have shared together . In June 2013 , Michelle Obama and her Barack Obama dined with Barack Obama , his wife , and their Bono sons Bono Finnegan ’s Irish Michelle Obama and her two daughters in Dalkey , Co Dublin . Bono , of course , has been Bono outspoken opponent of President Donald Trump . Two months before the presidential election , Bono called Trump " potentially the worst Bono that President Donald Trump happened to America . " Just last month , Bono condemned the idea of a " Bono border " as the best way to protect one ’s country from Islamic terror . " I do n’t see a body of water wide enough or a wall high enough to keep these problems from our doors , " the Irish rocker said before world leaders at the Munich Security Conference in Germany . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson . 
 