The White House is flatly denying media reports that the Trump Administration is considering using national guard troops as immigration officers to round up illegal aliens . [ " There is no effort at all to round up , to utilize the National Guard to round up illegal immigrants , " The White House press secretary Sean Spicer said of the report , The Hill reported . " That is 100 % not true . It is false . It is irresponsible to be saying this . "   Spicer White House press secretary Sean Spicer , " I do n’t know what could potentially be out there , but I know that there is no effort to do what is potentially suggested . " The Associated Press reported on a leaked " draft memo " claiming that up to 100 , 000 National the National Guard could be used to round up unauthorized immigration . The AP reported the plan would round up illegal aliens living nowhere near the Mexican border . The headline appears to falsely claim " Trump weighs mobilizing Nat Guard the National Guard roundups . " Department of Homeland Security Spokesman David Lapan responded to an inquiry from Breitbart Texas stating , " The Department is Department mobilizing the National Guard for immigration enforcement . " The AP report claims : Four states that border on Mexico are included in the proposal   —    California , Arizona , New Mexico and Texas   —    Texas it also encompasses seven Four states that border on Mexico are included in the proposal  —   California, Arizona, New Mexico and Texas  —    contiguous to those four   —    Oregon , Nevada , Utah , Colorado , Oklahoma , Arkansas and Louisiana . Governors in the 11 states would have a choice whether to have their guard troops participate Governors in the 11 states according to the memo , written by U. S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly , a retired    Marine general . While National Guard personnel have been used to assist with    missions on the U. S.   border before , they have never been National Guard personnel as broadly or as far north . The memo is addressed the memo    heads of U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and U. S. Customs and Border Protection . It would serve as guidance to implement the    executive order on immigration and border security that President Donald Trump signed Jan. 25 . Such memos are routinely issued to supplement executive orders . The AP claims the    January 25 " draft memo , " addressed to Obama holdovers in the CBP , calls for the troops to " perform the functions of an immigration officer in relation to the investigation , apprehension , and detention of aliens in the United States . " Breitbart Texas reached out to Texas Governor Greg Abbott for Texas on the alleged plans . " The Office of the Governor has not received Texas Governor Greg Abbott less seen , a memo or request from the White House or Department of Homeland Security regarding the use of Texas National Guard troops for immigration enforcement , " Governor Abbott ’s Spokesman John Wittman Texas Governor Greg Abbott The White House has adamantly denied there are the White House mobilize the National Guard for this purpose . " The governors Texas National Guard Utah , Nevada , California , Colorado , Oklahoma , Oregon and New Mexico told the AP they were unaware of the memo . Editor ’s Note : This The governors of Arizona, Utah, Nevada, California, Colorado, Oklahoma, Oregon and New Mexico has been updated with additional information . Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team . Follow Breitbart on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX . 
 Breitbart Texas 