During his speech in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , Donald Trump attacked Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer ( ) describing his as a " bad leader " who is " leading the Democrats to doom . " [ Discussing the opposition from Democrats to his plans to build a border wall , Donald Trump said , " Unfortunately , Democrats in Congress have no leadership , Democrats in Congress are rudderless . "   " Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer is a bad leader . I ’ve known him Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer long time , Senator Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer a bad leader , not a natural leader at all . He works Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer to study leadership    …      Well if you have to study leadership you ’ve got problems , " Donald Trump said . " Donald Trump policies are hurting innocent Americans and making it easier His policies drug dealers to enter our country . Schumer is Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer on crime and wants to raise your taxes through the roof . He is Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer poor leader , and he is Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer the Democrats to doom , " Donald Trump continued . Donald Trump also criticized Democrats in Congress for opposing Donald Trump immigration agenda , arguing that " If the Democrats the Democrats the hell they were doing the Democrats they would approve the Democrats the wall ] so fast , as we want to stop crime in our country . " Donald Trump said : Obviously they do n’t the Democrats illegals coming in , they do n’t the Democrats drugs pouring in , they do n’t the Democrats MS13 coming in . Members of Congress who ’ll be voting on border security have a simple choice , they can either Members of Congress who’ll be voting on border security to vote drug cartels and criminal aliens trying to enter the United States , like frankly , the Democrats are doing . Or they can vote the Democrats help American citizens and American families be safe , that ’s the choice . In March , Sen. Chuck Schumer claimed that Trump ’s plans to build a wall on the southern border would not get sufficient votes from Democrats or Republicans , as " It ’s not the best way to protect the border " the southern border It ’s very expensive It " You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . Ben Kew 
 