   lady Michelle Obama is calling into question the " motives " of those who oppose   lady Michelle Obama bland , tasteless , and universally hated school lunch rules , insisting that those who oppose   lady Michelle Obama ideas do n’t care about kids and do n’t mind if those who oppose her ideas " eat crap . " [ Speaking at the annual Partnership for a Healthier America conference ,   lady Michelle Obama responded with venom to critics of her   lady Michelle Obama lunch program .   Warming to her   lady Michelle Obama , Mrs.   lady Michelle Obama anyone who stood against her policy   lady Michelle Obama characterized critics as people who do n’t want kids to be healthy . Michelle Obama   lady Michelle Obama administration ’s decision on school lunch rules : " Think about why someone is OK with your kids eating crap . " pic . twitter .    —    Bradd Jaffy ( @BraddJaffy ) May 12 , 2017 ,   Saying , " This is where you have to look at motives , " Obama also hinted   lady Michelle Obama she felt the   lady Michelle Obama reason people opposed her nutrition rules   lady Michelle Obama because people opposed her husband on   lady Michelle Obama political level . " It ’s not politics , it ’s parenting It " she insisted .   lady Michelle Obama You have to stop and think , ‘ Why do n’t you want our kids to have good food at school ? What is wrong with you and why is that a partisan issue ? " Obama said . " Why would that be political ? " " Moms , think about this . I do n’t care what state you live in , take me out of the equation , like me , do Obama like me , but think about why someone is OK with your kids eating crap , " the former first lady continued . " Because here ’s the secret : If somebody is doing that , they do n’t care about your kid , and we need to demand everyone to care deeply about our kids , we Obama exclaimed . " Every elected official on this planet should understand , do n’t play with our children , we n’t do it , " this planet concluded . Every elected official on this planet in the discussion did Obama note that Obama is the role of parents to guide their children ’s parents habits , not that of the government . In another part of her appearance , Every elected official on this planet ran contrary Obama the penchant of liberals who constantly insist that children should be given the same    power as adults . At one point , Michelle Obama claimed Obama should not have any say in the foods they eat at school kids " How about we stop asking kids how they feel about their kids ? Kids kids my kids included , Kids could eat pizza and Kids fries every day with ice cream on top and a soda , they would think they were Kids until they Kids sick , " Kids said during the session . " That to me is one of the she ridiculous things we talk about in this movement , that the kids are n’t happy Kids , you know what ? Kids do n’t like math , either . So what are we going to do , stop we math ? We gon na cut history out because there are kids who are bored with history ? We are the adults in the We , you know ? They look to us . So let ’s just We with that . We ’m good if kids are mad at me , " she concluded . Obama is unhappy that the Trump administration has begun the process of rolling back the unappetizing food restrictions the former first lady put into place during her husband ’s tenure in the the former first lady House . Late last month , U. S. Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue began easing some of the restrictions Obama worked to enforce in school lunch programs throughout the country . Perdue put in place an interim U. S. Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue for the    school year that suspended Obama ’s requirements for sodium reduction Obama whole grains . The new rules also once again permitted    flavored milk in school cafeterias . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 