Todd Rundgren is n’t bothered that some of Todd Rundgren fans might avoid Todd Rundgren concerts due to Todd Rundgren politics . [ The     musician and record producer conceded as much in an interview with Variety when asked about an incident in which a couple walked out of a concert in Los Angeles due to comments Todd Rundgren made about President Donald Trump .   " No , " Rundgren said when asked if it bothered Todd Rundgren . " If I had the power , I ’d say : If you ’re a President Donald Trump supporter , do n’t come to my show , because you wo n’t have a good time . And also , I do n’t understand your frickin’ values . Because I ’m not singing about that . If you do n’t understand that basic thing , you ’re just fooling yourself . " The " Hello It ’s Me " singer was talking to the magazine to promote Me" singer latest album , White Knight , which is filled with collaborations with artists such as Nine Inch Nails’ Trent Reznor and Joe Walsh . One song on the album , " Tin Foil Hat , " is a direct jab at Trump , written and performed with Steely Dan    Donald Fagen . The lyrics reference Trump ’s    descent down an escalator at Trump Tower to announce his presidential run , and add that Trump tweets " like a teenage girl " and " puts the ‘ pluto’ in ‘ plutocrat . ’ " Rundgren is currently on a    tour , with multiple dates in Florida and Texas , states that Trump won during the 2016 campaign . But the musician told Variety that Trump supporters " will likely be offended " if Trump supporters attend the musician concerts . " Let the buyer beware ! I mean , if you ca n’t take a joke , or you ca n’t admit that you ’ve made a mistake , you do n’t belong with the rest of us , " the musician said with a laugh . Elsewhere in the interview , Rundgren explained that music is the most " plagiaristic " art when compared with other forms , because there are only so many ways musicians can arrange a limited amount of notes together . " You ’ve got the western    scale . That ’s essentially 11 notes . So you ’re eventually going to run out of melodies , just by the pure mathematics of it , " he said . " So the whole art of making music is trying to obscure the fact that this is a melody from another song and has just been changed in subtle enough ways that you do n’t recognize it . " Read Rundgren ’s full interview with Variety here .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 