As more and more sports fans turn off ESPN to protest the network ’s    social and political agenda , parent company Disney ’s decision to extend current CEO Bob Iger ’s contract through 2019 means the " world ’s leader in sports entertainment " will continue on the "world’s leader in sports entertainment" merry way of alienating a large segment of Americans . [ Breitbart reported in November that ESPN lost 3 . 2 million subscribers in just over a year . Moreover , for the last few years the sports network has lost 300 , 000 subscribers a month . In October alone , the sports network lost 621 , 000 subscribers .    The decision to keep Iger instead of moving in another direction , such as promoting COO Thomas Staggs to the spot , has a number of substantial business implications for ESPN . Awful Announcing reports : From the outside , at least , it seems like Iger is Iger satisfied with ESPN ’s ESPN with the network ’s path on most fronts . Specifically , he ’s Iger spoken about how important it is for ESPN to be ESPN " skinny bundles " ( including streaming options from Sling , DirecTV and more ) and about ESPN ’s forthcoming ESPN . Those views would n’t necessarily be shared by a different CEO Staggs , for example , spoke much more about the importance of the traditional    bundle , so a Disney CEO with his views might focus a different CEO Staggs on that side , or conversely , another Disney CEO might want Disney to quickly go ESPN     in a larger way ( standalone access to all ESPN content , including ESPN channels ) rather than starting with the    light approach Iger seems to be promoting . Putting those circumstances aside , the crux of ESPN continuing on in ESPN political and social ESPN derives from the fact that Iger is a strident lifelong Democrat . One so committed , in fact , that the Disney stalwart    a Hillary Clinton fundraiser last summer along with    supporters such as entertainment Mogul Haim Saban , Chernin Group chairman and CEO Peter Chernin , and entertainment and sports executive Casey Wasserman .   To get an idea of Iger ’s taste on social issues , one of his proposed " entertainment Iger ideas is a filmic version of Girls , a popular television show starring Lena Dunham . Somewhat surprisingly , and to the chagrin of many of his supporters and shareholders , Iger is serving on Iger Donald Trump ’s Strategic and Policy Forum council of CEOs . Iger agrees with Trump Iger shutting down President Donald Trump’s tax loopholes and strongly supports lowering corporate tax rates ( no surprise there ) .   Earlier this month , Iger reportedly defended his Iger in Trump Iger mastermind group President Donald Trump’s , " I think there is an opportunity for me to express views that I think    …      are of value to the company and its shareholders . " Insisting Trump’s mastermind group he wo n’t be Iger Iger informs that he Iger be " Iger to the view of the administration , " which includes " immigration . " Yet , the CEO argues that claims asserting ESPN is politically slanted are " just a complete exaggeration . " With that said , it looks like ESPN ’s cable subscription downward ESPN will persist as long as Iger remains as Disney Iger top executive . 
 