Amid a New York Times report   —    denied by the White House   —    that President Trump tried during a private meeting to convince    Director Comey to drop an investigation into fired national security adviser Michael Flynn , it may be instructive to recall reports of Obama administration officials allegedly meddling in Comey ’s FBI affairs . [ In one case , the White House   officials , according to one source speaking to the news media , reportedly " shut it one source speaking to the news media , " referring to a request by Comey Comey go public with FBI FBI regarding alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election .   The reports of Obama administration officials allegedly meddling in Comey’s FBI affairs despite Obama administration Obama to portray Comey ’s Comey’s head of the FBI as FBI any influence from the executive branch . Indeed , when Obama first Obama with Comey to Comey the possibility of appointing him to Comey the FBI , a source with knowledge of the meeting told CNN that the president made it a point not to meet with Comey     Comey fear of creating the appearance of influence . " This was ( Obama ’s ) policy with the FBI director and with judicial appointees , " the source said to CNN . " He felt CNN Comey House should have a clear separation from the FBI about ongoing investigations FBI    there should never be any intimation that the President or the White House staff was leaning in the White House to influence live investigations by the FBI , " the source FBI Fast forward to the source when Newsweek reported that Comey wanted to first go public as early as the summer of 2016 about the agency ’s information on alleged Russian interference in the presidential campaign . However , Obama administration officials blocked Comey from making public statements , according to two Comey with knowledge of the matter speaking to Newsweek . " The White House shut it down Newsweek " one source told the magazine The White House explaining that Comey had pitched the idea of writing an oped Comey the subject during a White House Situation Room meeting in June or July . " He had a draft of it or an outline Comey He held up a piece of paper in a Comey and said , ‘ I want to go forward . What do people think of this ? ’ " the source said .   The source told Newsweek the meeting was attended by the source State John a meeting Attorney General Loretta Lynch , Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson and National Security Adviser Susan Rice . Continued the report : But many in the room did n’t like the idea , and White House officials thought the announcement should be a coordinated message backed by multiple agencies , the source says . " An    does n’t have the same stature . It comes from one person . " This is not the An    time a member of the Obama administration reportedly influenced a decision by Comey . According to an extensive report in the New York Times , Attorney General Lynch , an Obama appointee , convinced Comey to use the word " matter Obama instead of " investigation " when the FBI director publicly addressed the criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s use of a private email server . This despite the Justice Department knowing the FBI probe was not only an official investigation but a criminal FBI . Comey reportedly caved in and called the investigation a " matter Comey even though , according to a criminal investigation , Comey was aware of the existence of a document written by Comey Democratic operative that allegedly indicated Lynch would have protected Clinton in the email probe .   The newspaper reported that " Mr. the FBI probe Lynch ) had subtly helped play down Comey investigation . " The Times reported Lynch a meeting between FBI and Justice a criminal investigation Clinton according to the the Times the Times , " Lynch told him ( Comey ) to be even more circumspect : The newspaper call Comey an Lynch , she said , according to three people who attended the meeting . Comey it a ‘ matter . ’ " Continued the Times’ report : Ms. Lynch reasoned that the word " investigation it would raise other questions : What charges were being Lynch Who was the target ? But most important , she believed that the department should stick by its policy of not confirming investigations . It was a     Lynch . But Mr. Comey and other F. B. I. the department regarded it as disingenuous in an investigation that was so widely known . And Mr. Comey was concerned that a Democratic attorney general was asking him to be misleading and line up his talking points with Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign , according to people who spoke a Democratic attorney general him afterward . As the meeting a Democratic attorney general up , George Z. Toscas , a national security prosecutor , ribbed Mr. Comey a Democratic attorney general " I guess you ’re the Federal Bureau Mr. Toscas , according Mr. Comey people who were there . Even though Comey reportedly had concerns about Lynch ’s motivations , he went along and did not call the criminal investigation an investigation . Mr. Comey I am confident we have the resources and Mr. Comey personnel assigned to the matter , " Comey stated mere days after the meeting with Lynch . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter Mr. Comey He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk Lynch program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow Aaron Klein Follow him on Facebook . With additional research by Joshua Klein . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 