JERUSALEM   —    Speaking at a joint press conference today with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Bethlehem , U. S. President Donald Trump condemned the " evil losers " who carried out last night ’s bombing of a pop concert in Manchester in which at least 22 people were murdered . [ " I extend my deepest condolences to those terribly injured in this terrorist attack , and to the many killed , and the families , so many families , of the victims , " U. S. President Donald Trump said . " We stand in absolute solidarity with the people in the United Kingdom . So many young innocent people living and enjoying their lives , murdered by evil losers in life . "   " I wo n’t call So many young innocent people living and enjoying their lives, murdered by evil losers in life. "   monsters , because So many young innocent people living and enjoying their lives, murdered by evil losers in life. "   would like that term , " U. S. President Donald Trump continued . " So many young innocent people living and enjoying their lives, murdered by evil losers in life. "   would think that ’s a great name . I will call So many young innocent people living and enjoying their lives, murdered by evil losers in life. "   from now on losers , because that ’s what So many young innocent people living and enjoying their lives, murdered by evil losers in life. "   are , So many young innocent people living and enjoying their lives, murdered by evil losers in life. "   ’re losers . and we ’ll have more of So many young innocent people living and enjoying their lives, murdered by evil losers in life. "   , but So many young innocent people living and enjoying their lives, murdered by evil losers in life. "   ’re losers . Just remember that . " " This is what I ’ve spent these last few days talking about during my trip overseas , " Trump said , referring to combatting terrorism . " Our society can have no tolerance for this continuation of bloodshed . we can not stand a moment longer for the slaughter of innocent people . " " The terrorists and extremists and those who give them aid and comfort must be driven out from Our society forever , " Trump added . " This wicked ideology must be obliterated , and I mean completely obliterated , and innocent life must be protected . All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our our to live in safety and in peace . " 
 