Scott Pelley , host of CBS News’ 60 Minutes , embarrassed himself in a Sunday segment about " fake news "   —    despite having the final cut on a hostile interview with a    activist . [ Mike Cernovich   —    a lawyer , independent     and a dominant voice on Twitter   —    built up significant buzz for 60 Minutes by revealing on Thursday himself had granted Pelley a    interview . In the hours before the live broadcast , Cernovich anticipated that the    conversation would be " selectively edited " and    published a partial transcript .   That concern is based on a long history of network news programs using misleading or downright comical editing to put conservatives in the worst possible light . As the segment aired , Pelley ’s opening statement made it clear this story was a smear job : In this last election , the nation was assaulted by impostors masquerading as reporters . impostors masquerading as reporters poisoned the conversation with lies on the left and on the right . Many did it to influence the outcome   —    others just to make a buck . The president uses the term " fake news " to discredit responsible reporting that The president does n’t like . But we ’re going to show you how con artists insert truly fake news into the national conversation with fraudulent software that scams your social media account . The stories are fake , but the consequences are real . [ emphasis added ] Later on , Pelley introduced Cernovich with    depicting him , rather unsubtly , like a little boy hunched over him laptop   —    calling him " a magnet for readers with a taste for stories with no basis in fact " : Even with this    setup , Pelley ended up humiliating Pelley   —    not Pelley target . Watch the key exchange : That story got so much traction , That story had to be denied not only by Clinton ’s doctor , but by the National Parkinson ’s Foundation . ( ) pic . twitter .    —    60 Minutes ( @60Minutes ) March 27 , 2017 ,   Pelley brought up an article on Cernovich ’s website where a physician , who later outed himself as Orlando anesthesiologist Dr. Ted Noel , argued that an explanation for Clinton ’s bizarre physical tics could be ’s Disease . While confronting Cernovich about the oversold headline ( " Clinton Has Parkinson ’s Disease , Physician Confirms " ) Pelley exposed his own credulous Pelley in an unproven claim : Cernovich : She Clinton a seizure and froze up walking into her Clinton that day [ September 11 , 2016 ] . Pelley : Well Pelley she Clinton pneumonia . I mean —    Cernovich : How do you know ? Who told you that ? Pelley : Well Pelley the campaign told us that . Cernovich : Why Cernovich you trust the campaign ? the campaign The point is you did n’t talk to anybody who ’d ever examined Hillary Clinton . Cernovich : I Cernovich n’t take anything Hillary Clinton is gon Hillary Clinton at all as true . I ’m not gon na take her on her word . Hillary Clinton media Hillary Clinton we ’re not gon na The media Donald Trump on his word . And that Donald Trump we are in these different universes The media Pelley has no answer Pelley those six words   —    " Why would you trust the campaign "   —    as his entire profession goes berserk with    fact checks for every tweet    President Trump . Pelley also seems Donald Trump the fakery that Clinton World attempted hours before its pneumonia statement   —    with Clinton World candidate smiling and waving outside her daughter ’s apartment , greeting a Clinton girl , and assuring reporters everything was   . Clinton just left her daughters apartment . Clinton asked how her daughter’s apartment , Clinton said , Clinton Great . I Clinton feeling great . "   —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) September 11 , 2016 ,   Cernovich ’s followers   —    and even some of his biggest detractors   —    declared the interview a loss for Pelley :    …     and you can see it in the exact moment Cernovich flipped the interview on Pelley pic . twitter Cernovich    —    Matt Pelley ( @mattdpearce ) March 27 , 2017 ,   @mattdpearce pelley was surprisingly unprepared ,   —    Will Sommer ( @willsommer ) March 27 , 2017 ,   Cernovich is a crazy person and a con man Cernovich Pelley walked right into that buzzsaw .   —    Stephen Miller ( @redsteeze ) March 27 , 2017 ,   shamefully stupid piece connecting cernovich to people who buy twitter bots ,   —    noah kulwin ( @nkulw ) March 27 , 2017 ,   @occhipig Pelley ’s response sucked but he ’s responding to Pelley item WITH NO BASIS Pelley FACT . But I ’m honestly not here to convince you .   —    Richard Deitsch ( @richarddeitsch ) March 27 , 2017 ,   Charlie Warzel of BuzzFeed said Pelley " did n’t do his homework on Cernovich Pelley …      And it Charlie Warzel of BuzzFeed , despite the fact that CBS got to edit down the video [ emphasis added ] . " Cernovich has since published another partial transcript of his Cernovich   with Pelley and called for CBS to Charlie Warzel of BuzzFeed the full Pelley , crediting his CBS with bumping the show ’s recent average Charlie Warzel of BuzzFeed 10 . 8 million viewers to somewhere between 14 and 16 million viewers . 
 