On Thursday ’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel ’s " Tucker Carlson Tonight , " Jake Turx , White House Correspondent for Jewish news magazine Ami Magazine , who got into a tense exchange with President Trump at President Trump press conference earlier in the day over an increase    incidents , stated that " we understand why this is so hurtful for President Trump , to see President Trump being called an " and that charges of    against President Trump are " very unfair , " " And I am with President Trump when it comes to being outraged about President Trump being charged with this   . "   Turx said that Turx had a prior " relationship " with President Trump through covering President Trump as a correspondent . Turx added , " I ’ve worked with the president , with Turx people , throughout the campaign , throughout the transition . And so many times , I ’ve seen some of our colleagues in the media describe certain events as   —    in the way it relates to the Jewish community in a certain light that , no one in our community saw it that way . And there are certain acts that were described as    or certain people described as    and the people in our community who know these people personally said , that ’s not true . Why are people who are not Jewish deciding what is considered   ? The president ’s relationship with the Jewish community , I ’ve only seen it firsthand for the last two years , but , he The president’s done an unprecedented amount of outreach with the the Jewish community And so , we   —    and we understand why this we so hurtful for him The president’s to see himself The president’s called an    when , this his The president’s —   . " Turx stated that he The president’s n’t believe the accusations of    and that such charges are " very unfair   …     and I understand why he The president’s so defensive . And I am with him The president’s it comes to being outraged about him The president’s charged with this   . " Turx concluded that after Turx exchange with Trump , he was " very Turx . " And that it shows Trump is " committed Trump against and personally bothered by   . (   Mediaite ) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 