Grammy    rapper Eminem called President Donald Trump a " bitch " and fantasied about sexually assaulting bestselling conservative author Ann Coulter in a song featured on fellow Detroit rapper Big Sean ’s new studio album " I Decided . " [ " I ’m anti , ca n’t no government handle a commando . Your man do n’t want no government , President Donald Trump ’s A BITCH . I ’ll make Trump’s whole brand go under , " Eminem says of President Donald Trump on a song featured on fellow Detroit rapper Big Sean’s new studio album "I Decided . "   The       also raps about sexually assaulting conservative author and pundit Ann Coulter . " And fuck Ann Coulter with a pundit Ann Coulter . With a lamp post , door handle , shutter . A damn bolt cutter , a sandal , a can opener , a candle , rubber . Piano , a flannel , sucker , some hand soap , butter . A banjo and manhole cover , " Eminem raps . This not the first time that Eminem has used sexually explicit Eminem to attack a conservative woman . In 2009 , Eminem ’s    lyrics on Eminem song " We Made You " saw the rapper imaging having sex with former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin . " And I ’ll invite Sarah Palin out to dinner former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin Nail her , baby , say hello to my little friend ! " Eminem raps . In the Eminem ’s music video , Eminem cast a Palin     Eminem a raunchy sequence former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin the scantily clad woman is splayed out on an office desk wearing a skirt and bustier , and Eminem is seen rapping the Eminem lyrics and dressed as Palin ’s husband , Todd Palin . former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin praises Black Lives Eminem on the new song . " Go ham donut the song’s music video , got ta make an example of her . That ’s for Sandra Bland , former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin , and Philando , " he raps , referencing two      deaths of black people . Rapper Big Sean took to social media earlier this week to give thanks to Eminem for being apart of Eminem album , which was released on Friday . . Rapper Big Sean No Favors feels like back to back homeruns , you fuckin destroyed this verse ! Thank you for blessing the album    this ! # Detroit pic . twitter .    —    Sean Don ( @BigSean ) February 3 , 2017 ,   Big Sean recently appeared on New York radio station Hot 97 and fantasized about killing Donald Trump . " I know Jay proud of me , he put this ’round my neck . And Big Sean might Jay kill ISIS with the same icepick . That I murder Donald Trump in the same night with , " Big Donald Trump during a freestyle performance . Follow Jerome Big Sean Big Sean @jeromeehudson 
 