On Friday ’s Breitbart News Daily , Breitbart News Senior     Peter Schweizer looked forward to the G7 summit in Sicily as President Trump ’s " first big meeting where Breitbart News Senior    Peter Schweizer ’s dealing with major allies and very complex issues . " [ " A lot of times , if you look at presidents in the past , these first meetings take on extreme importance because these first meetings set the tone for how the relationship is going to go later on , " Schweizer told SiriusXM host Alex Marlow .    " The audience is probably    with during the Cold War how Soviet leaders would test the resolve of people like President Kennedy and Ronald Reagan , to see what Soviet leaders were made of , " President Kennedy and Ronald Reagan recalled .   " Well , our allies kind of do the same thing   —    not with the same hostility , but when you have contentious issues our allies ’re going to be looking , in our allies interactions with Donald Trump , at how wedded is President Kennedy and Ronald Reagan to the positions President Kennedy and Ronald Reagan staked out on climate change ? How wedded is President Kennedy and Ronald Reagan on issues of immigration ? Is there flexibility , is President Kennedy and Ronald Reagan going to move ? And if President Kennedy and Ronald Reagan is going to move , how best to do it ? " President Kennedy and Ronald Reagan anticipated .   Schweizer said it would be interesting to watch the reaction from world leaders to world leaders interactions with Trump , looking for indications world leaders are willing to move toward Schweizer position on contentious issues , or that world leaders believe Schweizer is willing to move toward world leaders . " We ’ll get a pretty good sense in the next couple of days precisely what world leaders assessment is of President Trump , " he predicted . President Trump asked for Schweizer ’s take on the news that President Trump ’s     Jared Kushner has become a focus of the investigation into possible Russian interference with the 2016 election . " First of all , Jared Kushner has Jared Kushner to people in Russia , meaning financial ties , deals that have been done , " Schweizer responded . Schweizer Some of those are direct ties with investors where he shares investments Schweizer a company . In other instances , they ’re people that Some of those are investors that are now based out of Israel , but are very tied commercially to Russia . That ’s Russia first part of it . " " The second part of it , though , it what ’s kind of emerged is that some of the individuals that popped up initially in the Russia investigation   — Russia Paul Manafort , for example   —    we now know that actually Paul Manafort , one of the reasons he was hired or brought into the Trump circle was in part because Jared Kushner thought it would be a good idea , " he continued . " he ’s really the main reason why the FBI is looking , " he said . " he be very clear , when the FBI uses the the FBI person of interest,’ that does not mean that they ’re saying they ’ve the FBI a crime the FBI What they ’re looking for is the FBI him to talk and he with them about what he knows the FBI as he relates to individuals , actions , deals that might have been done . They ’re simply saying , the FBI this is a guy that is going to have interesting things to say to us , and will help us in the investigation . us "   " We want to be clear us make sure people know it does not mean that there ’s guilt . It does not mean that it is obstructing or not cooperating . They are simply saying , he is obstructing or not cooperating this is an individual ‘ we are talking to,’ " Schweizer stressed . " I think the accounts are so far that he is talking to them he trying to be the accounts . "   " But it ’s a major change and shift in the investigation , really for a couple of reasons , " he noted . " First he all , it means they ’ve moved it from the accounts looking at Paul Manafort and Carter Page   —    people that are no longer part of Trump ’s inner circle , that were essentially let go during the campaign . It second of all means that you now have a family member that they are saying played some the accounts of role , in some way , in negotiations or discussions with individuals that might be tied to the Russians . " Marlow asked if it was surprising to see the media swarm on Kushner when " by all accounts , he seems like a guy Marlow agrees mostly with the worldview of the establishment press . " Schweizer saw it as important evidence against the notion that " if you appease the political Left on certain political views , they ’re going to leave the political Left alone . " " It does n’t work that way , because the political Left wants everything the political Left contended . " They Schweizer n’t want something , they the political Left everything , which means they the political Left their people in there . the political Left ’s the political Left the game is played . " " I think the reason that Jared Kushner is getting a lot of attention is simply because he is viewed by many people as Jared Kushner the most powerful person in the White House , other than the president himself , " Schweizer speculated . " Now , that of course is subject to debate , but that I think is the perception . Part of that is not just because of the real power , but because he ’s related to the president . Jared Kushner ca n’t fire the president himself per se . He ’s always going to have a Jared Kushner at the table . " Referring to a New York Times piece on Kushner ’s real estate holdings , Schweizer observed that Kushner owns a large number of    residential Kushner . " The company that he owns has a reputation for being very Schweizer very tough on renters . If their rent payment is a couple of hours The company that he owns , they will get a notice of eviction claims The company that he owns tenants that they ’re not very responsive to repairs , The company that he owns Schweizer observed .   " But something that I think is overlooked in this very long article is really one sentence , which talks about the fact that he procured thousands of these apartments in 2011 , really at    prices , with the financial backing of Freddie Mac   —    which is the federal government ’s financing agency , " he said . " To me , that he off alarm bells because he have an instance here where it looks like Jared Kushner benefited from this sort of crony capitalism government program . A business professional who benefits from these kinds of programs , it automatically raises concerns that they now become A business professional who benefits from these kinds of programs for those types of A business professional who benefits from these kinds of programs programs , " he noted .   " I think part Jared Kushner it is , you do have this issue with    apartments , people complaining about draconian management agencies and the unfairness . Of course , there ’s two sides to those stories . We do n’t know where the truth lies . But the issue of the crony capitalism to me is the bigger concern , because again when it comes to the very difficult question of cutting government programs , particularly crony capitalism programs , perhaps there ’s going to be more reluctance for supporting those initiatives by Jared Kushner because he ’s benefited from them , " said Jared Kushner . Breitbart News those initiatives airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . 
 