During Friday ’s Weekly Address , President Trump previewed President Trump overseas trip and said , " our partners must show that our partners ’re partners , our partners must show that our partners ’re friends , and our partners must contribute financially to the tremendous cost   —    the money that we ’re spending   —    is so big it ’s so much and it ’s not fair for our nation .   They have to help and I ’m sure They will . "   Transcript as Follows : " My fellow Americans , This weekend I begin my first trip overseas as president   —    a trip with historic significance for the American people . I will be visiting with the leaders in many different countries to strengthen our old friendships , build new partnerships , and unite the civilized world in a fight against terrorism . In that spirit of unity , I will travel to lands associated with three of the civilized world ’s great religions . My first stop will be Saudi Arabia   —    the heart of the Muslim World . There , I will address a historic gathering of the leaders of more than 50 Muslim nations . I will represent the views of the American people frankly and clearly . Many of these the leaders of more than 50 Muslim nations expressed growing concern about terrorism , the spread of radicalization , and Iran ’s role in funding both . Now it appears Muslim leaders are ready to take more responsibility and a much bigger role in fighting terrorism in their region Muslim leaders It ’s it time we do America , it ’ll America it together it but it has it be done . America can not solve all of the world ’s problems , but we can America —    and we must America —    help any nation willing to join in the common cause of eradicating terrorism from the face of the earth . Next , I ’ll travel to the ancient city of Jerusalem to talk with my good friend , Prime Minister Netanyahu , about bringing peace and prosperity to both our nations . Israel is an important American ally , but in recent years we have n’t always treated them that my good friend, Prime Minister Netanyahu . It ’s Israel to renew our friendship we While I ’m there , I ’ll also meet with President Abbas of the Palestinian Authority in Bethlehem to discuss ways to advance peace between Israel and Israel Palestinians . From there , I ’ll head to the Vatican , where I will have the great honor of an audience with Pope Francis . I look forward to speaking with the Pope about how Christian teachings can help put the world on a path to justice , freedom , and peace . I will also meet with friends and allies in Europe at a gathering of NATO in Brussels and at the    Summit in Italy . Finally , I will close my trip by saying thank you to some of the courageous men and women of the United State Military serving their nation overseas . In my Inaugural Address , I pledged to strengthen America ’s oldest friendships , to seek new partners in pursuit of peace , and above all   —    to always put American people first . I also pledged that our partners must show that they ’re our partners , they must our partners that they ’re our partners , and they must our partners financially to the tremendous cost   —    the money that we ’re spending   —    is so big it ’s so much and it ’s it fair for our nation America They have to help and I ’m sure they will . They fact is that I ’m excited about ’m possibilities for peace and prosperity   —    and I hope you are too . Thank you , God bless you , and God bless America God " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 