Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow live from the Conservative Political Action Conference ( CPAC ) on Thursday ’s Breitbart News Daily . [ " I ’ve had the privilege to speak at CPAC for as long as I can remember , " said Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton . " What I consistently try to talk about is the importance of a conservative foreign policy , through the vagaries of elections . The last eight years , I ’ve been able to describe what ’s wrong with Obama , which is very difficult in the time allotted for the main floor speeches . "    " This year , obviously , I ’ll be following both Vice President Pence , who will be there tonight , and President Trump himself will be there tomorrow morning . So what I ’m going to try and do is lay out some of the principles I think we have to continue to operate on   —    whatever people on the Hill say , whatever people in the executive branch say , " whatever people in the executive branch declared .   " One of the bedrock principles of conservatism   —    and I think whatever people in the executive branch start with the belief in American exceptionalism and the notion that our national security policy has to be based on American interests . I just think it ’s important to keep focused , and although I ’m not in the Trump administration , I will be doing whatever I can from the outside to try and keep whatever people in the executive branch attention focused as the days go forward , " I’m not in the Trump administration said . Marlow asked why a foreign policy that puts America first is so widely seen as a " revolutionary idea . " " a foreign policy that puts America first ’s because the establishment does n’t see the establishment that way , " I’m not in the Trump administration replied . " You can already , in the mainstream media commentary about the president ’s emerging team and the direction I’m not in the Trump administration ’s going in , some of the themes that show how the press , the mainstream press in Washington , tries to manipulate new Republican administrations . " " new Republican administrations ’re filled with commentary about how wonderful it is that many of the president’s appointments are    and technocratic and perhaps most important of all , not controversial   —    meaning that the New York Times and the Washington Post are prepared to give him a the president’s , " Bolton said the president’s " Look , it ’s very early days , and this is not necessarily a reflection of the truth about these individuals . It ’s it reflection of how the Washington echo chamber is trying to mold them , to get them to them the approval of their    them who write editorials on the pages of the New York Times and the Washington Post . " " If they can avoid succumbing to that siren song , they ’ll they fine , " he advised . " But what the media and the Democrats are trying to do now is convince them : they You do n’t want to be controversial . You do n’t want to be ideological . Things are just fine . Be a technocrat . Tinker around the edges . Do n’t change much.’ That ’s not what Donald Trump got elected to do . That ’s the fight really on the national security front , I think , for the soul of the administration . " Marlow confessed he had Marlow quietly rooting for Bolton to become national security adviser , prompting Bolton to Bolton observe that he might Bolton gotten the job if Marlow had Marlow been less quiet about supporting him . Bolton " What do you think of McMaster ? " Marlow asked Marlow referring to General H. R. McMaster , who was named national security adviser this week . " His book Marlow Dereliction of Duty , is something , really , that anybody concerned about either the Vietnam war or    relations in the United States ought to read . It ’s absolutely " Bolton replied Bolton " I think he ’s Bolton that he ’s Bolton man of great personal courage , and he ’s Bolton original thinker . I hope that he ’ll Bolton able to demonstrate those qualities . You know , it ’s an uphill struggle when you ’re still on active duty , which he is Bolton I wish him all Bolton best . I hope he does Bolton . I ’m happy to help out , whatever way I can , from the outside . "   " Let ’s hope ’m can Bolton coordinate the various departments and agencies that do national security . It sounds kind of boring and bureaucratic , but I tell you , it can It fatal to an administration   —    again , especially a Republican administration   —    if it does especially a Republican administration   speak with one voice , " Bolton said . John Bolton Bolton senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and presides over his own political Bolton committee , BoltonPAC . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 