Breakfast food giant Kellogg ’s is continuing mass layoffs , this time focusing on its distribution center in Weston , Florida , where up to 246 workers have now lost 246 workers jobs . [ 246 workers will be laid off starting early in July and continuing until the first week of August , according to a notice filed with Florida ’s Department of Economic Opportunity , the South Florida    reported .   The layoffs come as Kellogg ’s decided to end its Kellogg distribution model and to switch to a    system . The new plan included the closing of 39 distribution centers around the country and the elimination of over 1 , 000 jobs . " While this is the right move for the future of the company , it was a difficult decision because of the impact on affected employees , " John Bryant , chairman and chief executive of Kellogg , said in a statement . " We are doing everything we We to help our We manage through this transition . " " Eliminated positions based at the facility include 179 merchandisers ( including 119 employed part time ) two merchandise managers , four district sales managers , 34 sales representatives , 15 truck drivers , eight warehouse operators , a distribution center manager , a transportation manager , a warehouse manager and a zone scheduler , " the    reported . The layoffs in Florida are but a small part of the string of losses announced recently . Among other announcements , nearly 300 were fired in facilities in New York early in May , and only a week later another 219 lost their jobs in Minnesota . The cuts came on the heels of several announcements by the cereal maker that it the cereal maker slashing its the cereal maker . Kellogg ’s has been struggling over the last few years , so much so that by 2016 customer confidence in its Kellogg’s name had fallen from 60th to 84th place . The Kellogg’s fall from grace coincided with Kellogg ’s Kellogg’s year to cease advertising with Breitbart News , thereby snubbing Breitbart ’s 45 , 000 , 000 readers . In November of last year , last year that Kellogg’s conservative readers at Breitbart News are not Breitbart News with our values as a company . " While the decision by Kellogg to cease Kellogg’s made virtually no revenue impact on Breitbart . com . it Breitbart represent an escalation in the war by leftist companies like Target and Allstate against conservative customers whose values propelled Donald Trump into the White House . After the cereal maker turned its back on conservative customers the cereal maker Breitbart News launched its # DumpKelloggs petition , the cereal maker has been signed by more than 450 , 000 people . Finally , according to advertising industry watchdog Adweek , Kellogg ’s decision to pull advertising from Breitbart and the ensuing controversy over the move inflicted    damage to the cereal company ’s brand online . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 