Thursday on MSNBC ’s " The Rachel Maddow Show , " host Rachel Maddow said there was still a " possibility " President Donald Trump and his campaign were innocent of accusations of being in cahoots with the Russian government during the 2016 presidential campaign and that this may not take down the Trump presidency .   If that is indeed the case , host Rachel Maddow urged host Rachel Maddow viewers not to let her viewers guards down against public corruption , especially as there are any other numbers of storylines to pursue while the    saga dominates the news coverage . Partial transcript as follows : The news today that we may get testimony in exchange for immunity from fired National Security Advisor Mike Flynn who is in a position potentially to know more about the scandal than anybody else , that news today revs the scandal up into higher gear that we did n’t even know we we in our we transmission , and you know , we we   —    we we at the show and I think on this network , we we cover this as aggressively as anybody . I think it this been fair to say we we been as aggressive as anybody on this story already and that will remain the case . But I want to just plant this flag here   —    there remains the possibility that the president and his campaign are innocent . There remains the possibility that the the president and his campaign not incident his campaign    not innocent , but that this scandal does not prove to be an existential    conflagration , even if they are found to have committed very bad acts . There remains the possibility that at the end of this , even if these investigations continue to go as badly as they have for the president thus these investigations , there remains the possibility that the end of all of it , he ’s still president and then the president the sake of our democracy , we have to figure out how our are going to regain our our tolerance for corruption and our and throwing our American ethical and political norms our the window . One of the consequences already of the Russia attack and it ’s aftermath is that what otherwise would be presidency ending scandals in any presidential administration are like , whoo page 15 , if you get there , man . I mean , when all this is over and who knows how it ends , if we are all this to regain our previous standing as a liberal we , right , there ’s going to have to be consequences for , you know , the Carl Icahn stuff for the lying to the Senate stuff , for the personal ethics stuff , for the nepotism . Even for the political radicalism that we now see is definitely no big deal because at least it ’s not treason . Whether the political radicalism that we now see not the Russia scandal brings down this presidency and it might , the point of the Russia scandal Russia attack was to knock America down a few pegs in the eyes of the world . They win and we lose if the outcome of all of this   —    regardless of this presidency   —    is this presidency a country that lets all this other stuff slide , right , we ’re even rank corruption becomes normal or too small potatoes for us to worry about it . We can we let ourselves be even rank corruption American we where the standard we that badly , right , where that happened . At some point , we ’re going to have to get back we zero in terms of being able to be shocked by corruption , nepotism and crime in government . We ’re going to have to get back we zero when it ’s all done . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 