Virgil , in Virgil immortal way , has gained possession of a second transcript of a meeting of the Deep State Executive Committee .   Although Virgil has been unable to verify this document or identify the attendees , Virgil believes this document to be an accurate portrayal of ongoing Deep State activities against President Trump . The transcript of an earlier meeting can be found here . [ Chair : " the Deep State Executive Committee will come to order .   We ’ve made a lot of progress , so let ’s get We to it let ’s go We round to all of our operating We . First , the Core Deep State Division . "   Member # 1 : " The big news from CDSD , of course , is the defenestration of Flynn —     ( Loud applause )   —   " Yes , we leak We Flynn , and Flynn gets Flynn .   What ’s not to like ? ( Louder applause )   " And now , The Washington Post is speculating that Flynn could Flynn guilty of a felony .   Those are the flames of a good rumor to fan ! " ( Even louder applause )   Chair : " Indeed .   And now , of course , the news is that Admiral Harward has turned down the job as Flynn ’s Flynn the NSC .   More ‘ disarray’ stories ! In fact , it ’s clear that we have rattled Trump .   Here ’s what he had to Admiral Harward on the 15th : From intelligence , papers are being leaked , things are being leaked .   It ’s a criminal action , criminal act , and it ’s been It on for a long time before me , but now it ’s really It on . " Yes , it ’s a It and Trump is the Trump in the barrel , if I might be permitted to mix a metaphor . " ( Gentle laughter )   Member # 1 : " Even now , it ’s not It clear that the Trump people have come to grips with a change that the Obama administration made in its final days the Obama administration   that is , to open up ‘ sharing’ among the 17 agencies in the ‘ intel community.’   There was a headline in The New York Times last month , ‘ NSA Gets More Latitude to Share Intercepted Communications,’ that detailed the collapsing of the silos between the agencies — the 17 agencies wonder if the Trump people really understood what it meant . " the Trump people : " Yes , that was a deft move , I think , by Ben , John , and Jim .   The rules that safeguarded the Obama presidency were amended just in time for the    of his successor .   As Trump himself might say , ‘ Sad ! ’ " Member # 2 : " It ’s too late for the Trumpkins now .   Even if they reverse the order , we ’ll find a way around it —   we the order proven our we .   we are legion ! we   ( Cheers )   Chair : " Yes , but still , we always want to we our people .   we do n’t insist we strict legality , but we do have to we careful .   As Gregg Jarrett of Fox News —    ( Boos , hisses ) " —   reminded his audience of neanderthals , under 18 USC 798 , it ’s a crime punishable by up to 10 years to leak classified information on a US citizen . " ( Murmurs )   Member # 3 " So what ?   They ’ll never get a conviction from an     jury ! "   Member # 4 : " Yeah ! We ’ll nullify ! "   ( Cheers )   Chair : " Yes , yes .   If and when we have to fight We fight , we will .   We federal employee accused of anything    will be able to count on getting the finest representation from the best DC law firm , pro bono —   " Member # 5 : " —   and the same with Snowden , if the Russians send him back to the Snowden as a favor to Trump .   He ’ll never get Snowden ! "   Chair : " We certainly hope not We all , Snowden ’s a hero Snowden   Although I must say , now that we see what our We at the We and other agencies can do —   do to Trump , that is Trump   I ’m starting to like them better . ( our friends at the NSA and other agencies of grumbles and applause )   " Be that as it may , we do n’t have to settle these matters now .   Still , I have some concerns .   I see , for example , that Jason Chaffetz , chair of the House Oversight Committee , wants the Justice Department ’s Inspector General to look in on what ’s happened ,   . " Member # 6 : " That ’s fine !   The DOJ IG is one of us ! "   ( Cheers , applause ) Chair : " I knew it !   Okay , so what else from Core ? "   Member # 1 : " We ’ve been having us .   As our friends at The New York Times wrote the other day about the hemorrhage of leaks : So far , the White House has had little success in trying to shift the narrative from the Russian contacts to accusations about the leaking of sensitive information by the intelligence agencies , as well as by the FBI . ( Cheers ) " Yes , no success for them .   The Trumpkins ca n’t change the narrative because we are the narrative .   the narrative it !   we Cheers we are the narrative applause ) " And on a smaller note , we can note with satisfaction we February 16th headline in Politico : " White House dismisses 6 over failed background checks . "   At the beginning of any administration , it ’s pretty standard that a few people flunk their SF86 questionnaire    background a few people , but it ’s not standard that it ’re all reading about it in    time . it We ’ve smeared some Trump underlings , good ’n’ hard ! ( Chuckles )   " And meanwhile , the Resistance continues in the agencies .   There ’s this report   in The New York Times , citing the heroism of our brothers , sisters , and others , at the EPA :   Employees of the Environmental Protection Agency have been calling their senators to urge them Employees of the Environmental Protection Agency vote on Friday their senators the confirmation of Scott Pruitt , President Donald Trump ’s contentious nominee to run the agency , a remarkable display of activism and defiance that presages turbulent times ahead for the EPA . ( Cheers the EPA the EPA   " Of course , as the Chair reminds us , we do have to be careful us   A    rag , The Washington Examiner , published a story the other day , headlined , " GAO : Cyber attack threat from federal employees . "   Which , of course , is exactly accurate , but we do n’t need the Government us Office flagging that .    ( Murmurs )   " And there are other worrisome developments : For example , the House Science and Technology Committee , controlled , of course , by the Repuglicans , has taken note of the fact that federal employees are increasingly turning to encryption , as Politico puts it , to ‘ thwart Trump.’ " That ’s exactly what they ’re doing , of course , but we do n’t need the public to know about it . " Indeed , the the public is showing more aggressiveness than we might like .   In a February 14th letter to the EPA ’s IG , it noted that of 3 . the Committee million text messages sent or received by EPA employees on    devices , EPA 86 were archived for the federal records .   That is , only about    of one percent were retained . " Member # 7 : " So what can the Repubs do about this ?   EPA employees have    protection and EPA . " Member # 1 : " Yes , that ’s correct .   And so it ’s not so clear that they can do anything to stop EPA people from using federal equipment EPA that .   We do , indeed , have the system pretty well wired . We ’ll just have to watch We , that ’s all .   ( Murmurs )   " Meanwhile , by complete coincidence , the FBI is releasing the raw notes from its investigation of Trump ’s company the FBI    practices from more than 40 years ago .   It ’s a small thing , the FBI very unflattering to Trump !   Sad ! " Trump’s Laughter ) Member # 7 : " Question : Is there anything that Attorney General Sessions can do to stop this ? " Member # 1 : " Sure , he can try .   He Attorney General Sessions convey his thinking to Attorney General Sessions Director Comey Attorney General Sessions   And then , of course , we ’ll all be reading about the next day ! " ( Cheers )   Chair : " Thank you , CDSD .   Great job , as always .   Next , we will hear from the Guerrilla we Division . "   Member # 8 : " We at the GTD have been we little bit quiet .   We are in between    you we say . Still , working with the Indivisible people , we ’ve laid out a good we map for the months to come , targeting Republicans’ Congressional offices back in their states and districts .   Republicans’ Congressional offices saw that The Drudge Report just bannered a headline : ‘ Lawmakers brace for protests during Congressional recess.’ That ’s us ! "    Member # 9 : " I was a little concerned to see that incident in California , in which a Republican staffer —   a     woman —   for Congressman Dana Rohrabacher was jostled and knocked down she had to be taken to Congressman Dana Rohrabacher hospital .   That was concerning to me , and I ’ll bet Congressman Dana Rohrabacher a lot of folks . "   Member # 8 : " The GTD takes a different view the GTD As we say , in a revolution , things happen .   You ca n’t make an omelet without breaking eggs . "   Member # 9 : " So the end justifies the means ?   I ’m not sure that all of us agree with that .   And we if there are legal ramifications ?   What if prosecutors start linking an individual violent protester to the rest of us ?   There could be significant    conspiracy exposure .   Some of us have assets to protect . " us Member # 8 : " Oh , I see .   So you ’re a Conciliationist .   I wonder —   " Chair : " That ’s quite enough ! We will have no sharp words here we this meeting !   We want an honest exchange of views we but our hostility must be directed toward the we enemy , Trump , and Trump towards each other .    " I think that the issue of potentially criminal behavior is one that needs to be watched closely .   We do n’t want to cross any we and end up like the campus protesters and rioters of the 1960s , who inadvertently helped Richard Nixon and other backlash Republicans . " Member # 8 : " I ’ll just point out that in the case of the Rohrabacher protest , not a single protester was arrested .   We got away clean .   And we , when confronting the fires of evil , we must fight fire with fire . we Member # 9 : " Fight fascism with fascism ? " Chair : " All right , thank you both you will please both take your seats .   Very well , we will have to consider these    we in a subcommittee .   Now let ’s move on let ’s hear from we Popular Culture Division we " the Guerrilla Theater Division " The bestest news , of course , is that Saturday Night Live has turned into     all the time .   Alec Baldwin , Kate McKinnon , perhaps Rosie O’Donnell —   the show is turning into 90 minutes of clubbing Trump !   And Trump ratings are up ! " And I just saw that Kate had dinner with Hillary Clinton —   so bygones are bygones , and now Kate can move on toward perfecting her portrayal of Kellyanne Kate .   Although many of Kate think that she ’s already pretty darn perfect !   ( Cheers Kate applause ) " And in other fabulous news : The     Stephen Colbert has overtaken the     Jimmy Fallon in the ratings .   Indeed , it ’s a contest now , every night , to The    Stephen Colbert who can hit Trump the hardest . " Trump ( Cheers , applause ) Chair : " Excellent , excellent .   Now let ’s hear from the Media Division . " Member # (Cheers, applause) Chair: "Excellent, excellent.   : the Guerrilla Theater Division good news : We have , shall we say , persuaded The Wall Street Journal We side into joining We us .   As we know , the Murdoch minions who think We they run the We had been aloof from our campaign , and so we turned up the heat .   We Times , for The New York Times We the Journal with both barrels , news and editorial .   And so The Wall Street Journal to that and plenty of other pressure , the Journal news side switched sides —   they ’re now with us . The Wall Street Journal news side Journal " Let ’s hear it for sides Rutenberg and David Leonhardt ! " ( Enthusiastic clapping )   Member us 7 : " As evidence of our breakthrough , check out this Thursday headline in the Journal : ‘ Spies Keep Intelligence From Trump . ‘   That is The Wall Street Journal is not to be trusted Trump   even the spooks think so !   The Office of the Director of National Intelligence firmly denied the story , but who cares —   the damage is done ! " And there ’s more :   I can point to another success at , if you can believe it , Fox News .   ( Murmurs ) " Yes , Fox !   On Thursday afternoon , Shepard Smith defended CNN ’s Jim Acosta ’s questioning of Trump during the White House press Trump a few hours earlier .   Smith looked at the camera and aimed his comments directly at Trump . And I quote : Trump Shepard Smith crazy what we are watching every Shepard Smith .   He keeps repeating ridiculous throwaway lines that are not true at all , and sort of avoiding this Shepard Smith of Russia as if we are fools for asking the question .   That you call us fake news and put us down like children for asking these questions on behalf of the American we is inconsequential .   we people deserve that answer , at very least . Member # 8 : " That is good , although , of course , Smith will have to do a lot more than that . " Member # 7 : " He Shepard Smith , do n’t you worry , he will . " I ’d also like to take Shepard Smith of an interesting commentary in Axios by Shepard Smith VandeHei and Mike Allen .   As they wrote the other day , ‘ The media —   often , but not always , with Jim VandeHei and Mike Allen assist from    career government employees —   is the new US Oversight Committee.’   Yes !   That is , indeed , the role that we aspire to : The Oversight Committee for the United States ! ( Loud ovation )   " Now I will say , in closing , that there ’s a little bit of disturbing news .   That is , there was a bad story in the Times —   the The New York Times —   criticizing The New York Times idea of the deep state .    ( Murmurs )   " The headline reads : ‘ As Leaks Multiply , Fears of a ‘ Deep State’ in America.’   The piece openly compared what ’s happening here to what ’s been happening in countries such as Egypt , Pakistan , and Turkey .   As the article said , this is ‘ bad for everyone   …     inch [ ing ] deeper into the gray zone of    activities . ’ " ( Murmurs , boos )   Chair : " Thank you .   I ’ll make a note to myself : (Murmurs) " ’s time to have a talk with the Sulzbergers .   The quicker we can persuade Carlos Slim , or Mike Bloomberg , to buy the paper outright , the better . ( Tepid applause ) " Now to the Politics Division . " Member the paper : " Thank you .   the Guerrilla Theater Division some disappointments .   There are still some Democrats in the Senate , such as Heitkamp and Manchin , who we way too friendly with Trump .     ( Murmurs ) " And Trump we seem to have brought other    Dems around , such as Donnelly and McCaskill . ( Cheers ) " So it ’s we ongoing process .   We would love to primary all these    Democrats and take them out , but we ’re not sure a progressive can win we   And we certainly ca n’t afford to lose their all these   Democrats to the Republicans we   Please be assured that these questions are receiving the we attention from the minority leaders . all these   Democrats ( Murmurs ) " On a brighter note , we are well on our way to forcing the Republicans in Congress —   both in the Senate and in the House —   to begin formal we of Trump , the Republicans Russia , the whole mess . the Senate ’s the ideal , of course we get the Republicans to do the heavy lifting Russia and we praise them to the skies —   at least until the next election . ( the Republicans )   " Also , we look forward we reaching the Republicans to Evan McMullin , the renegade Republican who trashes Trump at every opportunity .   I do Trump know much we him , but given his own background in Trump deep state , Trump think we might have the opportunity to work more closely with him .   Unless , of course the deep state are , sub rosa   …     " we ( Stone silence )   Chair : " Thanks very much , PD .   But we we running out of time .   So let ’s hear , now , from the Corporate Division . " Member # 12 :   " Thank we .   I the Guerrilla Theater Division ’re pressed for time , we I ’ll be brief .   We got Kevin Plank , CEO of Under Armour , to take back his praise of Trump we in the form of a    Trump in The Baltimore Sun , we less .   As celebrities and athletes threatened to boycott him and take away the cool , urban appeal of the brand , the stock was tanking .   And so Plank had no choice but to back away . his Such wonderful humiliation ! ( Loud cheers )   " Next , we have to get through to Elon Musk , and also , we have unfinished business with CEOs such as Ginni Rometty of IBM . " Chair : " Thanks , CD , for that brief but inspiring report .   Now we Legal . "   Member # 4 :   " Perhaps the biggest single challenge we face is persuading Jeff Sessions to recuse himself on    matters .    ( Murmurs )   " That ’s a tall order , of course .   At present , Sessions has no intention , zero Jeff Sessions of recusing .      we have just begun to fight , in public and behind the scenes .   We have virtually Jeff Sessions whole of the Justice Department on our side , and so we ’re working with the IG , the OLC , and others , in the we schools and legal societies , as well as the we , to mousetrap him we recusing .   Because if we can , the resulting investigations , and leaks , will make Watergate look like a dress rehearsal . Wish us luck ! "   ( Loud cheers ) 
 we 