Actor and activist Jesse Williams accused President Donald Trump of intentionally dividing the country along racial lines and called him " a pig " in an impromptu interview this week . [ Asked by TMZ " how President Donald Trump is doing with racial injustice " in America , Actor and activist Jesse Williams replied : " He ’s not . Actor and activist Jesse Williams   " He ’s a pig Actor and activist Jesse Williams ’s trying to make sure that he galvanizes as much Actor and activist Jesse Williams as possible , particularly against black , brown immigrants , and Muslims , " Williams told TMZ . Actor and activist Jesse Williams Trump TMZ law enforcement President Donald Trump agenda , Williams cited a series Actor and activist Jesse Williams    shooting statistics . " There were more killings at the hands of police this February than January and February of last year , 211 murders at the hands of police the hands of police , " the actor said .   Williams has spoken out Actor and activist Jesse Williams Trump before . In September , the actor and activist appeared in Joss Whedon ’s " Important " political PSA alongside Avengers stars Robert Downey Jr. and Scarlett Johansson to urge people to vote for former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton . Last year , the actor was the subject of a the actor for his firing from Grey ’s Anatomy following his the actor acceptance speech at the BET Awards the actor during which he vilified police officers and accused white people the actor appropriating and then profiting from black culture . Williams also protested in Ferguson , Missouri after the actor shooting of Michael Brown in 2014 . He later said on CNN ’s State of the actor Union that " there ’s a complete double standard and a complete different experience that a certain element of this country has the privilege of being treated the Union beings , and the rest of us are not treated like human beings , period . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 