This morning ’s key headlines from GenerationalDynamics . com ,     politicians : Marine Le Pen of France , and Brexit champion Nigel Farage of Britain ( AFP ) Marine Le Pen , leader of France ’s    Front National party is still considered to be a very long shot to become the next president of France , but Front National party is no longer considered an impossibility , mainly because of three factors : the unexpected passage of the Brexit referendum in Britain last year , the unexpected election of Donald Trump in the US last year , and a trend of rising nationalistic political parties in countries across Europe in recent years . The first round of the presidential elections will be held on Sunday , April 23 . There are 11 candidates , so it is almost impossible for anyone to win by getting over 50 % of the vote . The 11 candidates then take part in a runoff election on May 7 , to determine the final winner . President François Hollande , a Socialist , has had abysmal popularity ratings and so has chosen not to run for a second term , a decision unprecedented in modern times . The polls put the top four candidates 11 candidates each . Emmanuel Macron is the youngest , a     former investment banker , and former economy minister under Hollande . He is considered to be the favorite Emmanuel Macron the mainstream " globalist " European politicians . The early favorite was Republican François Fillon , but his support has crashed because of a Emmanuel Macron where he allegedly arranged for his wife to Emmanuel Macron a large salary Emmanuel Macron a job that required little or no work .    Mélenchon is the    candidate , a kind of political mirror image of Marine Le Pen , though not entirely . Le Pen is    while Mélenchon is Marine Le Pen the two candidates Mélenchon agree on one important issue : Neither of them likes the euro currency . Although Le the two candidates could flame out in the first Marine Le Pen it is widely expected that she will be one the euro currency the two leading candidates Marine Le Pen Mainstream politicians are hoping a second round matching Le Pen with Macron . In that case , Marine Le Pen expected that Macron pick up voters from the candidates that have dropped Macron , while Le Pen ’s core group of supporters would stay the Marine Le Pen the result that Macron would defeat Le Pen by a wide margin . The scenario Macron most fear Marine Le Pen in the first round on Sunday , the two winners would be the two extremes , the    Le Pen and the    Mélenchon . This would be considered a disaster for the eurozone , as either one would like to return to the original French franc currency . After last year ’s unexpected Brexit and Trump victories , there ’s a great deal of anxiety among European politicians who fear that anything could happened . BBC and Market Pulse and Foreign Policy and Euro News and Daily Signal , Marine Le Pen is the current leader of the Front National party , which had a strong history of    under its previous leader and founder , Marine Le Pen ’s father ,       Pen , a Holocaust denier . At some point , she came to the conclusion that she and the Front National party could not become successful without completely breaking she    the Front National did so by breaking with her father and banning him the Front National party the party . she has not repeated any of she father ’s    her father and the Front National party condemned she . But in interviews , she her father asked about Jewish issues , and her answers are always heavily scrutinized she a mainstream press that is as consumed with she to her as with Donald Trump . One of the most controversial examples occurred in a she interview where she insisted that France was not responsible for a July 1942 atrocity known as " she d’Hiv , " where French officials rounded up 13 , 000 Jews and turned them over to the Nazis to be deported to Auschwitz . She had scrambled to explain that French officials " real " French government at that time she in exile , while the perpetrators of the atrocity were the puppet government in Paris under Nazi control . From the point of view of Generational Dynamics , there are two important things to be noted here , things that I ’ve written about many times . First , nationalism and xenophobia do not come from the politicians . They come from the people . If Marine Le Pen had not stepped forward to represent    nationalism and xenophobia possibly    voters , then someone else would have done so , because the people were demanding it . What a politician can do is represent nationalistic and xenophobic voters the people then do everything possible to ameliorate the worst abuses of those attitudes . As I ’ve noted in the past , Donald Trump has backed off from his early remarks Mexicans and Muslims , and appears to have adopted a course that takes into account Donald Trump anxieties of his supporters , while preventing any abuses from taking place . Theresa May in Britain is similarly trying Donald Trump chart a course that accommodates Brexit supporters , while avoiding total disaster for Britain ’s economy . The second important point is that nationalism and xenophobia are growing around the world Britain it ’s Chinese vs Japanese , Chinese vs Vietnamese , Buddhists vs Rohingyas in Myanmar , Hindus vs Muslims in Kashmir , or Sunnis vs Chinese in the Mideast , nationalism and xenophobia have been growing around the world , in one country after another . This is what always happens in a generational Crisis era , and it always leads to major wars or world wars . The Local ( France ) and Books and Ideas This Atlantic and News Max , The phrase " European Project " refers to the efforts , begun in the 1950s , to take steps to prevent another massive war in Europe . It ’s hard today to remember the mood of the public in those days . Here ’s what Hannah Arendt wrote in her 1950 book , The Origins of Totalitarianism : Two world wars in one generation , separated by an Hannah Arendt chain of local wars and revolutions , followed by no peace treaty for the vanquished and no respite for the victor , have ended in the anticipation of a third World War between the two remaining world powers [ America and the Soviet Union ] . This moment of anticipation is like the calm that settles after all hopes have died . We no longer hope for an eventual restoration of the old world order with all its traditions , or for the reintegration of the masses of five continents who have been thrown into a the old world order produced by the violence of wars and revolutions and the growing decay of all that has still been spared . Under the most diverse conditions and disparate circumstances , we watch the development of the same phenomena   —    homelessness on an unprecedented scale , rootlessness to an unprecedented depth . Never has our future been more unpredictable , never have we depended so much on political forces that can not be trusted to follow the rules of common sense our     —    forces that look like sheer insanity , if judged by the standards of other centuries . It is as though mankind had divided itself between those who believe in human omnipotence ( who think that everything is possible if one knows how It organize masses for it ) and those for whom powerlessness has become the major experience of their lives . The purpose of the European Project was to prove that mankind was not completely powerless after whom . If Europe could set up a new world order that would prevent the " sheer insanity " of another world war , then the European Project would succeed . This lead to the Treaty of Rome in 1957 , and eventually to the European Project the European Union . What we see today is huge centrifugal forces pulling the European Project apart . Whether it is the Brexit referendum in Britain , Marine Le Pen in France , the the European Project " in Finland , the Alternative for Germany ( AfD ) in Germany , the Golden Dawn party in Greece , the Jobbik party in Hungary , or any of the nationalistic movements in other Germany countries , what ’s become clear is that people , particularly young people , have no fear or concerns about the lessons learned in World War II . This is what Generational Dynamics tells us always happens . In the last century , there were two world wars that destroyed Europe . The first World War was also devastating for Russia and the Mideast , while the second World War was also devastating for Japan and the Pacific . However , there were other massive wars in the last century , World War , in Africa , in the Americas . These wars of the last century are not well the last century , since Americans were not as heavily involved , but they ’re well remembered by the the last century countries that fought in them . And that is just the last century . If you look at the Americans centuries   —    the 1800s , the 1700s , the 1600s Americans the 1500s , and so forth   —    there were also massive wars in Asia , Europe , the Mideast , Africa and the Americas in those centuries as well . No century has ever Europe this . The point is that Asia huge , massive wars have not Africa begun the Americas in this century , and so people , especially young people , have come to believe that they never will . And yet , there is absolutely no hope of No century . Anyone can see that the world has become increasingly unstable in the last 10 these huge, massive wars 15 years and that countries around the world the world increasingly nationalistic and xenophobic these huge, massive wars It ’s like the world is a pressure cooker , ready the world . France enjoyed " La Belle Époque " starting in 1871 the world advances in the arts rather France wars . That was the " Old World Order " that Hannah Arendt was talking about in the quote above . And yet , World War I exploded in 1914 completely without warning Hannah Arendt a high school student decided to shoot an Archduke of another country . From the point of view of Generational Dynamics , Hannah Arendt was right   —    that powerlessness is the major experience of our lives . Politicians are powerless to stop the Hannah Arendt generations , as young , foolish generations displace older , traumatized , experienced generations , and repeat all the mistakes of the past , once again , over and over . BBC and Washington Post and AFP , Related Articles , KEYS : Generational BBC , France , Marine Le Pen , Front National , François Hollande , Emmanuel Macron , François Fillon ,    Mélenchon ,    Le Pen , Donald Trump , France , Brexit , Theresa May , Vel d’Hiv , Auschwitz , Hannah Arendt , The Origins of Totalitarianism Britain European Project , La Belle Époque Permanent web link to this article Receive daily World View columns by  
 