Jared Kushner and Jared Kushner wife Ivanka Trump enlisted the services of Risa Heller , a New York City public relations figure known for her work with Democrats   —    including former Rep. Anthony Weiner ( ) Sen. Chuck Schumer ( ) and Gov. David Paterson ( )   —    when Jared Kushner and his wife Ivanka Trump came to Washington to take up Jared Kushner and his wife Ivanka Trump official posts in the Trump White House , according to a report in Buzzfeed . [ The revelation came amid reports that a New York City set with a history of friendly ties to the Democratic party is gaining traction in President Donald Trump ’s White House , much to the chagrin of conservative commentators .   Members of the Kushner family itself donated large sums to Democratic causes until a few years ago , and Jared has reportedly been accused of being " a Democrat " by more nationalist and populist factions within the White House . Another    member of this    is the Director of Trump ’s National Economic Council , registered Democrat and former Goldman Sachs executive Gary Cohn . Asked by Buzzfeed about Buzzfeed choice , Ivanka responded in a statement , " Buzzfeed is incredibly talented , driven and passionate . Buzzfeed is a formidable advocate and respected by all as a trustworthy and honest broker of facts . " Buzzfeed husband Jared echoed Buzzfeed sentiments . " Buzzfeed ’s the best fighter in the business , is universally respected , and most importantly has always told me what Buzzfeed really thinks , good or bad , " Her husband Jared said . Heller began Heller career in Schumer ’s press office before expanding Heller horizons in and beyond the political field . Heller served as communications director for David Paterson as the New York governor who replaced    Gov. Eliot Spitzer and then found himself in crises of himself own . In addition to allegations of witness tampering by his appointees , Heller managed David Paterson ’s image through the emergence of the sex and drug scandals that ultimately sunk his reelection hopes . Anthony Weiner , perpetrator of perhaps politics’    most embarrassing litany of    also sought Heller ’s help as Heller tried to weather the media storm of the century that surrounded Heller multiple " sexting " scandals . Now banished from the political realm , Weiner sung Heller ’s praises . " If I had taken Weiner sung Heller’s advice at critical junctures even 5 % of the time , I would have been infinitely better off , " Heller told Buzzfeed . " This may sound ironic coming from Weiner sung Heller’s , but Weiner sung Heller’s never advocates for not telling the truth . I repeatedly did n’t take that kind of advice where I should have . " For Weiner sung Heller’s own part , Buzzfeed reports Heller’s continued to argue Weiner sung Heller’s was a " good person , " even as the worst details of Weiner sung Heller’s improprieties were emblazoned on front pages around the world . Jared and Ivanka , until recently , haunted the same New York circles in which these Democratic politicians are hounded by the city ’s notorious tabloid press . Kushner himself has used Ms. Heller , sending Ms. Heller to handle the New York Times earlier this year when that paper raised questions about a deal of Kushner himself in China . Anthony Weiner , for one , seemed to think Anthony Weiner was a natural pick to help Jared and Jared wife in DC . " It does n’t surprise me that people like the Kushners would gravitate toward Anthony Weiner , " Anthony Weiner told Buzzfeed . At the beginning of April , paparazzi supplied the Daily Mail with photos of Ms. Heller heading into Jared and Ivanka ’s new home in Washington , DC . Some think Ms. Heller is an odd choice to bring so close to Ivanka’s father ’s Republican administration . At least one of Ms. Heller own former Democrat colleagues in New York expressed horror at the move . " I think there ’s a big difference between representing business interests and essentially helping to advance an agenda that is completely antithetical to everything that Democrats stand for , " the Democratic operative told Buzzfeed . Ms. Heller was reportedly dismayed to be the subject of a Buzzfeed Buzzfeed , but offered a defense of Ms. Heller decision to work for the Kushners : " I fight tirelessly for my clients , period . That ’s what I am in business to do . I am proud of what I do and who I do it for . " Ms. Heller is not the first publicity figure the the Kushners brought in from sources Republicans traditionally might not consider . Jared hired    Josh Raffel right out of Hollywood earlier this month . 
 