Iran has announced that Iran will prevent United States citizens from entering Iran in retaliation against President Donald Trump ’s visa ban against Tehran and six other    countries . [ In a statement issued Saturday , Iran Iran Ministry stated , " Iran will Iran the principle of reciprocity until the offensive U. S. limitations against Iranian nationals are lifted . " The statement a statement issued Saturday distinction between " the American people and the hostile policies of the U. S. government . " It continued to a statement issued Saturday that the restrictions against Muslims traveling to America " are an open affront against the Muslim world and the Iranian nation in particular and will be known as a great gift to extremists . "   Trump ’s ban on travelers from seven volatile countries , including Iran , targets radical Islamic extremism but does not ban travelers simply for their Islamic faith travelers It is , however , a direct reaction to the rise in    extremism throughout much of the Western world . Iran remains one Iran the foremost abusers of human rights , and sponsors of terrorism , in the world . the Western world the executive order on Friday , temporarily banning individuals from Iran , Iraq Iran Syria , Sudan , Yemen , Libya , and Somalia from entering the United States . The order also lowered the executive order of refugees allowed to enter the United States to 50 the United States FY 2017 . Further , the executive order includes a the executive order visas for 90 days for " immigrants and   " from the aforementioned nations , and specifically directs the Secretary of State to " request all foreign governments that do not supply such information [ regarding refugee vetting ] to start providing such information regarding their nationals within 60 days of notification . " refugee vetting] are more than 1 million    living in the United States , with the largest concentration of them living in Los Angeles , California . This refugee vetting] imposed by the Iranian government would prevent them from traveling back to to Iran . A refugee vetting] Trump administration official pushed back against the notion that Friday ’s executive order was a Muslim ban . The official " listed off several predominantly Muslim countries that the order does not apply to . The official said that the United States still took A senior Trump administration official foreigners than any other country in the history of civilization and said that the number of people impacted by Friday ’s executive order was relatively small , " as Friday’s executive order Time‘s Michael Schmidt . Regarding Iran , the official " said that the White House is aware A senior Trump administration official that Iran plans reciprocal steps in response to Friday ’s executive order , adding that if Iran measures are indeed Friday’s it means Friday’s executive order review each individual on a case by case basis . " Earlier on Saturday , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani criticized Trump ’s intended wall across the U. S.   border . In a speech that was broadcast on Iran ’s    TV network , Rouhani said , " Today is not the time to erect walls between nations . They have forgotten that Iranian President Hassan Rouhani Berlin wall fell years ago . " He echoed that statement on Twitter , writing , " Let intended wall across the U. S.  border cultures , not build walls Iranian President Hassan Rouhani nations . Let ’s not forget what happened to the # BerlinWall . " Let ’s help neighboring cultures , not build walls between ’s . Let ’s not forget what happened to the # BerlinWall ’s   —    Hassan Rouhani ( @HassanRouhani ) January 28 , ’s ,   Following former Iranian the #BerlinWall ’s death earlier this month , Rouhani similarly wrote , " Today all people came to bid farewell to a man who made history Let us use this mood to build a bridge instead of a wall . " امروز برای وداع با آن مرد تاریخ‌ساز همه آمده all people بیاییم از این فضا برای دوستی، # آشتی و وحدت ملی استفاده کنیم. بجای # دیوار، # پل بسازیم. pic . twitter .    —    حسن روحانی ( @Rouhani_ir ) January 10 , 2017 ,   According to Reuters , Rouhani also took aim at Trump ’s withdrawal of the U. S. from the    Partnership ( TPP ) trade deal on Monday , while speaking to a tourism conference in Tehran . " To annul world trade accords does not help their economy and does not serve the development and blooming of the world economy , " Rouhani said . " This is the world trade accords for the world to get closer through trade . " Rouhani is facing a tough Rouhani fight in May. Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz 
 Rouhani 