United Talent Agency , one of the    major talent agencies in Hollywood , has canceled United Talent Agency annual Oscar party and will instead host a rally in support of refugees at United Talent Agency Los Angeles office , according to a report . [ According to the Hollywood Reporter , UTA CEO Jeremy Zimmer informed agency staff of the change in a letter this week .   The company   —    home to    clients like Gwyneth Paltrow , Angelina Jolie , Mariah Carey , Toby Keith and dozens of others   —    also plans to donate $ 250 , 000 to the American Civil Liberties Union , which has worked to oppose President Donald Trump ’s executive order temporarily prohibiting immigration from seven countries , and to the International Rescue Committee . " This is a moment that demands our generosity , awareness and restlessness , " Zimmer reportedly wrote to Zimmer staff . " Our world is a better place for the free exchange of artists , ideas and creative expression . If America ceases to be the place where artists the world over can come to express themselves artists the world , then our cease , in my opinion , to be America . " The move to cancel the glitzy annual Oscars party comes as Hollywood has become increasingly vocal about Trump ’s policy proposals and executive actions , particularly his Trump on immigration . At the Screen Actors Guild Awards last month , several film and television stars used their several film and television stars speeches to speak out against Trump Trump’s actress Sarah Paulson specifically called for donations to the ACLU . THR further reported that Ari Emanuel ,    of    and UTA competitor    sent an email to staff Wednesday notifying them that staff company    forming a political action committee , though it was n’t immediately clear on what the PAC would focus . " This company ’s    is the diversity of our backgrounds and beliefs , " Emanuel wrote to the agency . " Please know that we will do everything the agency our power to support the agency protect this diversity now and in the months and years ahead . "    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 