In an    in the New York Times , actress Lena Dunham says President Donald Trump ’s draft of a plan to roll back Obamacare ’s contraception mandate will be " disastrous " for some women , " jeopardizing some women ability to work and provide for some women families . " [ My @nytimes    on the proposed birth control coverage rollbacks is in print and online now . Women should have access to any kind of contraception Women want , any time Women want , without pushback from Women employers or insurers . But what about the fact that hormonal BC keeps many of us healthy , in the work force and out of this position ? us have the power to let us representatives know that enough is enough . us are the NO LONGER SILENT majority . Link in bio , take action . And yeah , I am this extra hot every time I ’m in an ER with pelvic pain 🔥 A post shared by Lena Dunham ( @lenadunham ) on Jun 10 , 2017 at 5:37am PDT ,    Amid a detailed description of    own gynecological problems   —    i. e. " between 1998 and last week , I ’ve been to the emergency room over 50 times with    pain "   —    Dunham criticizes any change that would allow some religious employers   —    such as the Little Sisters of the Poor   —    the freedom not to provide contraception ,    drugs , and sterilization procedures for employees through health insurance plans because of employees faith beliefs . Dunham asserts more women are being prescribed birth control pills for a variety of medical problems than for contraception . " Birth control pills are many women ’s method of choice for preventing unintended pregnancy and should be covered by all insurance policies for that reason alone , " Dunham writes , but then adds that " millions of women living with endometriosis , polycystic ovarian syndrome , cystic acne , migraines , uterine abnormalities and a history of ectopic pregnancies , birth control can be a crucial , even lifesaving , medical treatment . " Dunham continues : If the Trump administration and Republicans in Congress succeed in stripping funding from Planned Parenthood and giving employers carte blanche to deny women necessary medication under murky notions of moral disdain , all paths to health and wellness will disappear for a huge swath of Americans . While the teachings of the Catholic Church , for example , are in conflict with the use of artificial birth control , the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops states , " Catholic teaching does not oppose the use of hormonal medications   —    such as those found in chemical contraceptives   —    for legitimate medical purposes , provided there is no contraceptive intent . " The bishops continue , however : But artificial hormones typically treat only the medical symptoms . The bishops do not correct the underlying disease or condition . The bishops also carry the same physical health risks as hormonal contraceptives . Thankfully , with growing advancements in understanding fertility , knowledgeable gynecologists can often prescribe    drugs and recommend safer and healthier treatments to correct underlying problems or eliminate discomfort . Like many on the left , Dunham is propping up Planned Parenthood , whose days of being on the receiving end of taxpayer dollars may be numbered . Trump has said Trump will defund Planned Parenthood if Trump continues to perform abortions . The group , however , showed , in its The group annual report , that it The group performing even more abortions and providing less contraception services   —    all while its The group funding has increased . In    Planned Parenthood reports performing 328 , 348 abortions   —    an increase of 4 , 349 abortions over the 323 , 999 abortions the The group it performed 348 abortions     . The organization also reported 2 , 945 , 059 contraception services in    and 2 , 808 , 815 of the same services in its latest The organization , a drop of 136 , 244 within a year . With regard to its revenue The organization the new report shows Planned Parenthood ’s total revenue to be $ 1 , 354 . 3 million , an increase over the $ 1 , 296 . 1 million reported in   . The organization The organization increase in government reimbursement and grants this year , reporting $ 554 . 6 million in taxpayer funding , while in    it reported    The organization . 7 million . Planned Parenthood reported Planned Parenthood’s Excess in Revenue Over Expenses " of $ 58 . 8 million in   . That amount rose to $ 77 . 5 million this past year . The fact is , until former Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius bureaucratically inserted the HHS mandate into Obamacare , employers were never entangled in their employees’ sex lives employers decisions as to when to have a child . Once she did , and    groups objected , bosses became an easy target for radical feminists . Many women in Congress are supporting the draft of the HHS contraception mandate rollback HHS " Obamacare has devastated religious organizations , schools , and businesses , forcing them to cover    religious organizations, schools, and businesses that violate their religious beliefs , religious organizations, schools, and businesses says Rep. Diane Black ( ) adding : Protecting religious liberty is a foundational principle of this country , and this draft rule is a victory against President Obama ’s assault on people of faith nationwide . Americans will no longer have to seek a burdensome exemption from the heavy hand of government , they will be left Americans to practice their religion as they Americans . Rep. Americans Hartzler ( ) says the draft " provides this draft rule for organizations with religious or moral objections to the HHS mandate . " " In other words , religious charities like the Little Sisters of the Poor ,    universities ,    businesses , and individuals    moral objections will now be able to provide employees with health care policies consistent with their conscience and the organizations’ employees , " she continued . " The previous administration ’s    approach went out of its way to force a The previous administration that violates the faith and ethical sensibilities of the American public . " 
 