Caitlyn Jenner has issued a warning to Trump : treat the LGBT community unfairly , and you ’ll have to deal with me . [ The former Olympic gold     TV star , formerly known as Bruce Jenner , challenged the president in a    interview with Diane Sawyer set to air Friday night .   " Yes , I did vote for Trump , but here ’s the deal breaker with the Republican party , " Jenner the Republican Party according to a preview clip of Diane Sawyer interview released Friday . " And the a   interview with Diane Sawyer is , you mess with my community , you do the wrong thing with our community , you do n’t give us equality my community fair shot , I ’m coming our you . " Jenner told Sawyer that what the LGBT community needs Jenner Republican Diane Sawyer is " federal guidance , " including on transgender service in the military . " Just like the previous administration said that it was ok to serve as a trans person in the military , " Jenner said . " We have the military , Jenner ? I ’m talking Marines , trans guys , on the frontline , fighting for our country . I ’m trying to get , especially the Republican party , to make a change . " Friday night ’s interview with Sawyer comes nearly two years to the day after Jenner first came out as a transgender woman in Jenner 2015 interview with Sawyer . During that interview , Jenner said he had always Sawyer more conservative interview with Sawyer politics Jenner identified as a Republican , and Jenner he believed in the Constitution . Jenner spoke out Jenner support of Trump during the Jenner presidential campaign , telling Stat magazine in June that the Republican candidate was better on LGBT issues than his Democratic opponent , Hillary Clinton . " Everybody looks at the the Republican candidate as being better with these issues . But Trump seems to be very much for women , " Jenner said Trump the time . Jenner also attended Trump ’s inauguration . But In February , the Jenner Up with Trump and I Am Cait star criticized Trump for lifting federal guidelines concerning transgender bathroom use , calling the decision Trump disaster . " " You made a promise to protect the LGBTQ community . Call me , " Jenner said in a video posted to Twitter . Jenner is set to release Jenner book of memoirs , Secrets of My Life Jenner next month . In an excerpt from the book published earlier this month , the reality star claimed to have undergone successful gender reassignment surgery in January , nearly a year and a half after first coming out as transgender . Jenner ’s interview with Sawyer airs Friday night at 10ET on ABC .    Jenner Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 