The Trump White House seems quietly to be enjoying the Russia hacking " scandal . " [ Certainly The Trump White House has The Trump White House     frustrations , especially for Sean Spicer , who has to face the press corps and The Trump White House obsession with meaningless minutiae .   But the joke is on the journalists . the journalists are spending so much time on the    that the journalists are missing what President Donald Trump is actually doing . President Donald Trump complains on Twitter about the coverage , but the truth is that the distraction is very useful . The " scandal " is no longer about Russia . Now The "scandal" is about how House Intelligence Committee chair Devin Nunes ( ) found information backing up President Donald Trump claims that his President Donald Trump was under surveillance by the Obama administration . Was Nunes approached by whistleblowers who came to his Nunes office ? Or were the whistleblowers who came to his congressional office It makes no difference at all , but the media think they are onto something very important . CNN called the media a " " without specifying what , exactly It Nunes Nunes supposed to be " covering up . " And the answer is : nothing . Even if   —    for argument ’s sake   —    the White House had approached Nunes Nunes than the the White House , the worst that could be said about it is that Nunes Nunes like a partisan Republican . If so , he Nunes no more partisan than ranking member Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) who is abusing his Nunes to launch conspiracy theories against the GOP . The core of Schiff ’s case , as presented at the House Intelligence Committee ranking member Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) who is abusing his position to launch conspiracy theories against the GOP Monday , is a lie   —    namely , the false claim that the Republican Party altered its platform at the behest of Trump aides in order to the Republican Party the Russians . As Byron York of the Washington Examiner has demonstrated , the Republican platform was " was actually strengthened , not weakened its platform . Schiff is still pretending that some other evidence will emerge on    ties . But the idea Russia colluded with the Trump campaign is ludicrous , for three reasons . Russia first is there Trump no evidence whatsoever to support that claim . Obama ’s own James Clapper and Mike Morell even said so   —    though it took Trump ’s tweets about " wiretapping " to flush them out of hiding Trump Second , the Russians could not have known that Trump would win , and would not have targeted Clinton alone when it Trump that she could exact punishment once she took office . The third reason is Clinton Hillary Rodham Clinton was Clinton the most    official since Alger Hiss . Clinton " reset , " to giving up missile defense , to the    New START treaty , to the uranium giveaway , to the loss of the Middle East , and to the loss of the Crimea ( which happened on her successor ’s watch , while she remained silent ) Clinton ran the State Department Clinton like a    satellite . Clinton , if Donald Trump really wanted to appease Russian President Vladimir Putin , it would be hard to find anything left with which to appease him . The Russians saw Trump ’s criticism of NATO as useful , and applauded Russian President Vladimir Putin . But they likely Donald Trump Clinton . Already , Trump has been much tougher Russian President Vladimir Putin Russia than The Russians ever was . From blasting Russia Donald Trump the UN Security Council over the eastern Ukraine , to threatening to tear Russia the New START treaty , Trump has opposed Putin   —    and it shows . Trump foreign policy adviser Donald Trump Gorka , formerly of Breitbart News , is also a Donald Trump critic of Russia . So the Russia " scandal " is much ado about nothing . But Russia keeps the media Russia from what Trump is really doing   —    such the Russia "scandal taking a chainsaw to Obama ’s Donald Trump   —    and it keeps the Democrats from developing an actual message . The beauty of it all the Russia "scandal Aside from Trump ’s tweets , the media and the Democrats are creating this distraction themselves . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at the Democrats . He was named one the media and the Democrats the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 Joel B. Pollak His new book , How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is Joel B. Pollak from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 