Megyn Kelly ’s jump from Fox News to NBC seems like Megyn Kelly’s jump from Fox News to NBC has hit a rough patch . [ Megyn Kelly announced in early January Megyn Kelly was leaving Fox News after 12 years and going to NBC NBC headline Megyn Kelly own weekday news program and a Sunday night , 60    show , and to appear on panels during big events .   However , according to a story in The Wall Street Journal , NBC NBC has not announced a definitive start date for Megyn Kelly , and neither of Megyn Kelly shows seems to be coming together with any urgency . One proposal is for Megyn Kelly to anchor a 10 a. m. show in front of a live audience , but no producer has been named for the a 10 a. m. show in front of a live audience NBC NBC n’t even confirm the plan . The Sunday evening show , which would need to be ready by early summer because Sunday Night Football will replace it in the plan fall , is even less far along , the Journal reported . It is not even clear she has departed Fox News . She has she appeared on the network since Jan. 5 , when she signed she from The Kelly File . Fox News Fox News Mar. 9 it had released Fox News from her contract nearly Kelly months before it was to Fox News out , so she could she her work she NBC . Yet Kelly ’s spokesperson Kelly Dart , told the Journal , " The terms of the termination are still being negotiated . " Kelly seemed ready to Kelly late last year . She batted down talk Kelly she had been the Kelly of a bidding war among NBC , CBS , NBC ABC . She turned down a Kelly $ 20 million offer to stay at Fox News and accepted an offer similar to her Fox News salary Kelly Fox News 15 million to go to NBC because , she NBC , she Kelly to have Kelly with her children at night Kelly put them to bed . NBC her children to make NBC on this because it must present its NBC of new NBC to advertisers in May , and she would be a Kelly asset for the network in ad rate negotiations , the Journal reported , It is highly unlikely Kelly the Journal return to the Fox News airwaves . Her questioning of Donald Kelly during the campaign   —    on his treatment of women , Donald Trump he would support the Republican Donald Trump and other issues   —    raised hackles among the network ’s viewers and led to an eventual reconciliation with the president . In her memoir Settle for Kelly , released last year , Kelly accused Fox News chief Roger Ailes of sexually harassing her   —    Kelly charge , also leveled by other women at the network , which led to Ailes’ departure . This also led to a spat with Bill O’Reilly , another Fox News star , who Fox News November , " If somebody is paying you a wage , you owe that person or company allegiance . " O’Reilly later backtracked and called Kelly a " very smart , talented woman , " and Kelly put it down to competitive Kelly . " We ’re both Irish . We ’re both Catholic . And We ’re both very competitive , We she told Hollywood Reporter last November Kelly " So the dynamic has changed . But I really will always be grateful to Bill . " Then there are the      coworkers who told Breitbart News exclusively in December they were ready for the drama the     coworkers who told Breitbart News exclusively in December end . " Everybody in the building is sick of it , " the source said Everybody in the building " We absolutely ca n’t stand it anymore . " 
 the source 