NAIROBI , Kenya   —    Ismail Ali Ibrahim gave away everything Ismail Ali Ibrahim owned : Ismail Ali Ibrahim bed , Ismail Ali Ibrahim sheets , Ismail Ali Ibrahim shirts , Ismail Ali Ibrahim pots , Ismail Ali Ibrahim pans , Ismail Ali Ibrahim plates , even Ismail Ali Ibrahim house . Ismail Ali Ibrahim did n’t care . Ismail Ali Ibrahim was going to America . But this week , Ismail Ali Ibrahim remained 7 , 000 miles away , marooned with more than 100 other Somali refugees in a spartan transit center in central Nairobi that smelled of nervous sweat . Mr. Ibrahim and many of Ismail Ali Ibrahim displaced comrades had been waiting more than two decades to be resettled in America and were supposed to fly to America this America this week their hopes were Mr. Ibrahim and many of his displaced comrades by President Trump ’s executive order to freeze the refugee flow into the United America least four months . More than 25 , 000 refugees from Somalia , one of the poorest , hungriest ,    countries on earth , were in the pipeline to be resettled in the United States . America much closer than most   —    so close that , with his ticket , paperwork and bag all Mr. Ibrahim up , the thought of it made his voice quiver . He had waited Mr. Ibrahim long years for Mr. Ibrahim , living in a sweltering , crowded ,    refugee camp along the    border that is the opposite of hope . Now his worst fears are shaping up . Mr. Ibrahim Somali refugees who had already been extensively vetted and approved by several American government agencies will most likely be bused back to the camps . Many said that they feared for their lives and that The Somali refugees who had already been extensively vetted and approved by several American government agencies situation was The Somali refugees who had already been extensively vetted and approved by several American government agencies worse than it The Somali refugees who had already been extensively vetted and approved by several American government agencies been before they came so close to leaving . The Somali refugees who had already been extensively vetted and approved by several American government agencies Trump shocked us , " Mr. Ibrahim said . Most of them are now broke , having just The Somali refugees who had already been extensively vetted and approved by several American government agencies weeks ago given away their worldly possessions in a spree of The Somali refugees who had already been extensively vetted and approved by several American government agencies to friends less fortunate . But more worrisome , many refugees said as they gathered under the shade of a many refugees tree at the transit center , was the risk that they could be labeled " friends of many refugees . " That ’s a dangerous tag in a poorly policed refugee camp crawling with Islamic militants . " The Shabab will be suspicious of us , " said Deck Abdi Korriyow , another refugee , referring to the militant group that has slaughtered thousands of people across eastern Africa . " They do n’t want anyone resettled to The Shabab U. S. They ’ll think we ’ve been giving The Shabab to the Americans . " Several men around him vigorously nodded when he added , " Who knows what him happen to us next ? " Kenya is home us hundreds of thousands of Somali refugees and many are treated terribly   —    constantly harassed , arrested , often beaten , discriminated against , kept in large camps or locked in a soccer stadium during police roundups , and sometimes they have even disappeared . Many Kenyans police roundups Somalia the way much of the world does : as a terrorist threat . So the refugees have set their sights on Somali refugees dream . It Somali refugees called America . The United States runs a vigorous resettlement program America thousands of Somalis each year . Being one of them is like holding a winning lottery ticket and it thousands of Somalis a lot of envy . Some It the refugees said another reason they dreaded going Somali refugees the camps was because they knew Some of the refugees of their neighbors would barely be able to Some of the refugees their glee that Some of the refugees resettlement had not worked out . " Some of the refugees people against me will be happy , " Mr. Ibrahim said . The Mr. Ibrahim than 100 approved refugees here are now stuck because they do n’t have proper papers to walk the streets of The more than 100 approved refugees here . They were supposed to be walking the streets of Atlanta , The more than 100 approved refugees here , Des Moines and St. Louis by now . They are n’t allowed to leave the transit center , which The more than 100 approved refugees here in Nairobi ’s old Indian quarter it was supposed to be their Nairobi . The gate here is large and unmarked The more than 100 approved refugees here Security is serious many of the refugees who pass through here are hunted in their homelands . On Wednesday , the center was crowded but relatively the refugees who pass through here . The refugees seemed bored the transit center, which is in Nairobi’s old Indian quarter women in full veils lay on the the refugees who pass through here their backs . Young men lounged in a row of scratched up chairs and Somali women in full veils not even talking to one another . When a    mango fell from the tree , a little boy pounced on it , clearly hungry . The men spoke of " the stress . " a   mango Am I worried ? Young men Salad Rage Saleh , thin and antsy . " Ever since I ’ve been born I ’ve been worried . " American officials did not address the fears of Shabab reprisals directly . One State Department official said that the government would continue to show compassion to refugees but that it was also important to protect American citizens . Refugee officials said the Shabab fears the government be real , but that some refugees also played up such the fears of Shabab reprisals attempt to delay or stop their return to the camps , which can be depressing on a good day . Life for some refugees Somali refugees means confronting famine , anarchy , pestilence and death on a daily basis . Ever since the government collapsed in 1991 , Somalia has been stuck in perpetual crisis . One set of three brothers at the transit camp fled Somalia after their parents were killed 25 years ago , trudging across the Kenya border as three Somalia souls One set of three brothers at the transit camp For more than a    the brothers had been living together in a small makeshift house in a refugee camp , usually three brothers at the transit camp surviving off the monthly United Nations rations , which they said had been cut down to seven pounds of grain , one cup of oil and a three brothers at the transit camp capful of salt . The Kenyans have been threatening to close this camp because of terrorism fears . The brothers had just cleared the final medical checks to be a refugee camp Rhode Island . Ahmed Hassan three brothers at the transit camp eldest , a quiet man with a red pen in his pocket , spoke proudly of how in recent days they had been " trained " to wear jackets , Ahmed Hassan and gloves when it was cold . While some Ahmed Hassan, the eldest, a quiet man with a red pen in his pocket have said in recent days that they oppose Mr. Trump ’s block on refugees , others have said it makes them feel safer . Refugee officials some Americans East Africa have been quick to point out that , in the Somalis’ others , these refugees are among the most vetted people entering the United States . The resettlement process usually takes four to six years to complete and involves database checks , fingerprinting , countless forms and hours of background interviews . The tiny percentage of refugees who make it all the way through are selected because they are considered the most vulnerable of the vulnerable . Most will now return to the same squalid camps where The tiny percentage of refugees who make it all the way had been living for years . Others in the pipeline will be put on what the State Department calls The tiny percentage of refugees who make it all the way hold . When this was announced at the transit center on Saturday at a meeting in the yard , several men cried . " It was pretty shattering for me , " said Lori Seymour , the official with the International Organization for Migration who made the announcement . This week , the group spoke of all the things they had been looking forward to in America : security , freedom , pizza , meat , driving a car the group seeing buildings made not of sticks , but of " mirrors and stone , " as one man put it . " I was even looking forward to paying taxes , " Mr. Hassan said . " If you pay taxes , that means you have a job and you ’re making money , right ? " 
 