Fox News executive chairman Rupert Murdoch will host a    meeting Wednesday amid internal turmoil at the network and threats to Fox News executive chairman Rupert Murdoch ratings dominance from MSNBC . [ According to Deadline , Fox News executive chairman Rupert Murdoch is set to host two meetings at the network ’s new studio , Studio F , where Fox News executive chairman Rupert Murdoch will discuss both the company ’s plans for a new newsroom and the company’s overall direction and future . two meetings at the network’s new studio, Studio F, where he will discuss both the company’s plans for a new newsroom and its overall direction and future will reportedly be held in two shifts to accommodate all staff .   The two meetings at the network’s new studio, Studio F, where he will discuss both the company’s plans for a new newsroom and its overall direction and future as the network the network’s rocked by a series of sexual harassment and racial discrimination lawsuits in recent months , culminating in last month ’s departure of star anchor and    cable news ratings king Bill O’Reilly . Following O’Reilly ’s departure , the network ’s the network’s underwent perhaps its most significant reshuffling the network’s in years , with Tucker Carlson taking over O’Reilly ’s 8 p. O’Reilly time slot and the panel show The Five moving to 9 p. m. But the network faces an the network’s of its new lineup from MSNBC the network’s which has benefitted greatly from star anchor Rachel Maddow and its lineup ’s breathless coverage the network’s the Trump administration . Last week , MSNBC won the key demo MSNBC ) during weeknights for the first time in seven years , with The Rachel Maddow Show , The Last Word with Lawrence O’Donnell and The 11th Hour with Brian Williams all finishing first in their respective time slots , The Last Word with Lawrence O’Donnell and The 11th Hour with Brian Williams all to Adweek . Fox News finished first in total viewership , with an average 2 . 6 million viewers , but MSNBC was right on its MSNBC with 2 . Fox News million . CNN lagged far behind with 1 . 3 million . It was the 19th straight week that Fox News led all competitors Fox News viewers . But the network ’s hold on total CNN soon be in jeopardy as well . On Monday , MSNBC came within two thousand MSNBC of surpassing Fox News in that category , Fox News slipped to third in the news demo with 499 , 000 viewers to CNN ’s 608 , 000 and MSNBC ’s 662 , 000 MSNBC Murdoch ’s Wednesdays meetings are reportedly meant to " rally the troops " in the face of the challenges . Meanwhile , the network ’s former talent is moving on . On Monday , Bill O’Reilly announced he would be a guest on radio host Bill O’Reilly the Blaze founder Glenn Beck ’s program on Fridays . Update : Fox News was the    cable network in total day viewership for the 19th consecutive week , according to Nielsen data . " In primetime , FNC also ranked # 1 in all of basic cable with P2 + including NBA    TNT , with 2 . 3 million viewers , " the network noted in a Tuesday email to reporters .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 