Organizing for Action , the activist group that morphed from Barack Obama ’s first presidential campaign , has partnered with the    Indivisible Project for " online trainings " on how to protest President Donald Trump ’s agenda . [ Last week , Breitbart News extensively reported that Indivisible leaders are openly associated with groups financed by billionaire George Soros .   Politico earlier this month profiled Indivisible in an article titled , " Inside the protest movement that has Republicans reeling . "   The news agency not only left out the billionaire George Soros links , but failed to note that the organizations cited in The news agency article as helping to amplify Indivisible ’s message are either financed directly by billionaire George Soros or have close ties to groups funded by the billionaire , as Breitbart News documented . Organizing for Action ( OFA ) is a    community organizing project that sprung from Obama ’s 2012 campaign organization , Organizing for America , becoming a nonprofit described by the Washington Post as " advocate[ing ] for the president ’s policies . " In a recent Facebook post titled , " Take a deep breath . Then take action , " OFA called on constituents to lobby particularly hard between now and February 26 , when lawmakers will be in constituents home districts . a recent Facebook post titled included a link to a guide released by Indivisible on how to organize against Trump . " Stay tuned for online trainings and invitations to calls with coalition partners like Indivisible Guide , " the OFA post states . Paul Sperry , writing at the New York Post , relates : The manual , published with OFA partner " Indivisible , " advises protesters to go into halls quietly so as not to raise alarms , and " grab seats at the front of the room but do not all sit together . " Rather , spread out in pairs to make it seem like the the room the Republican host ’s positions . " This will help reinforce the impression of broad consensus . " It also urges This to ask " hostile " questions   —    while keeping " a firm hold on the mic "   —    and loudly boo the the GOP politician if he is n’t the the GOP politician giving you real answers . " " Express your concern [ to the event ’s hosts ] they are giving your concern platform to    authoritarianism , racism , and corruption , " it says .    …     " Even the safest [ Republican ] will be deeply alarmed by signs of organized opposition , " the document states , " because these actions create the impression that they ’re not these actions to their district and these actions listening to their constituents . these actions Sperry reported OFA " plans to stage 400 rallies across 42 states this year to attack Trump and Republicans over ObamaCare ’s repeal . " Earlier this month , NBC News reported on OFA ’s new OFA its partnership with Indivisible OFA OFA has hired 14 field organizers in states home to key senators as part of its campaign to defend OFA ’s signature healthcare law . To run that campaign , the its campaign to defend Obama’s signature healthcare law Saumya Narechania   —    the former national field director at Enroll America , which worked to sign people up for Obamacare   —    and a deputy campaign manager .    …     OFA says more than 1 , 800 people have applied to its Spring Community Engagement Fellowship OFA a    training program ,    of whom have not previously been involved with OFA . And the group OFA teamed up with Indivisible , a buzzy newcomer to the progressive movement , to offer organizing training that began Thursday night with a video conference . A combined 25 , 000 people have registered to participate in those trainings , OFA said . Indivisible ’s OFA branch was implicated in a scuffle last week that reportedly injured a     staffer for Rep. Dana Rohrabacher ( ) as well as reportedly knocking a     to the ground .   Protesters claimed they were only delivering Valentine Protesters Day cards . Indivisible is a part of a coalition of activist groups slated to hold a massive    Tax March in Washington and at least 60 other locations on April 15 . Unreported by the news media is that most of the listed partners and support organizers of the march are openly financed   Tax March or have close links to Soros financing , as Breitbart News Soros last week . Meanwhile , earlier this month , Politico profiled Indivisible and reported that " conservatives " are " spreading unfounded rumors " that the group is " being driven by wealthy donors like George Soros . " Politico , Soros seemingly failed to Politico even the most minimal research on the Indivisible leaders cited in the news outlet ’s own profile .   Some of those personalities are openly associated with groups financed by Soros . Politico further failed to note Soros the Politico cited in its article as helping to amplify Indivisible Politico message are either financed directly by Soros or have close ties to groups Soros by the billionaire . Citing Angel Padilla , a    of the group , Politico reported : Dubbed " Indivisible , Politico the group launched as a way for the group a handful of fellow    aides to channel their    heartbreak into a manual for quashing the group Donald Trump ’s agenda . They drafted a    protest guide for activists , full of pointers on how to bird dog their members of Congress in the language of activists insiders . The manual has since been downloaded over one a manual for quashing President Donald Trump . Indivisible says on its website that over 4 , 500 local groups Indivisible the nation have " signed up to resist the Trump agenda in nearly every congressional district in the country . " The manual has been utilized the nation the basis a manual for quashing President Donald Trump protest movement . The group ’s website states : " What ’s more its website putting the guide into action —   showing up en masse to congressional district offices and events , and flooding the congressional phone lines . You ’re resisting —   and it ’s working . " Politico reported on " unfounded " rumors being spread the guide Soros ’s involvement with Indivisible ( emphasis added by this reporter ) : Its handful of senior leaders count about 100 contributors to their national organizing work Politico insist that all are working on a volunteer basis Its handful of senior leaders They know conservatives are spreading unfounded rumors that their success is being driven by all are working on a volunteer basis donors like George Soros , which they conservatives deny . That paragraph was followed by the following quote from    conservatives ( emphasis again added by this reporter ) : " It does n’t matter who we take money from   —    we ’re That paragraph going to get blamed as a Soros group , even if we do n’t take money from Soros , " said Padilla , now an we with the National Immigration Law Soros . " That ’s one of the attacks and that ’s fine . " While " Indivisible " has yet to disclose its donors , Politico failed to inform readers that the National Immigration Law Center "Indivisible" the news outlet reported Padilla serves as an analyst is financed by Soros ’s Open Society Foundations . The Center has received numerous Open Society grants Soros for general support . Also the National Immigration Law Center the National Immigration Law Center is that Padilla previously served as an immigration policy consultant at the radical National Politico of La Padilla . Soros is a major La Raza donor . Politico went on to detail how Soros has been aided by La Raza org and Politico ACLU .   The news website failed to tell readers that MoveOn . org and the ACLU are both financed by Soros , a relevant tidbit given MoveOn ’s claim about the ACLU rumors " Soros Indivisibles’ success was being driven by Politico .   The news website reported : In addition , MoveOn . org Soros the Working Families Party joined The news website its first nationwide call MoveOn Jan. 22 . Nearly 60 , 000 people phoned in that day , according the Working Families Party Levin and MoveOn organizing director Victoria Kaplan . Indivisible estimates that its second national call , on the MoveOn of Trump ’s immigration order with assistance from MoveOn ACLU and Padilla ’s group , drew 35 , 000 people . Politico also missed that , according to its Twitter account , another organizer of the conference call with MoveOn . org was the International Refugee Assistance Politico , a project of the Urban Justice MoveOn , another recipient of an Open Society grant . Taryn Higashi , executive director of the Center ’s International Refugee Assistance Project , currently serves on the Advisory Board of the International Migration Initiative the Urban Justice Center Open Society Foundations . Politico further reported on Indivisible ’s ties to the organizers of last month ’s    Women ’s March while failing to mention that Soros reportedly has ties to more than 50 " partners " of that march . Also , this journalist first reported Soros the march leaders’ own close associations with Soros . Regarding Indivisible and the Women ’s March , Politico reported : Indivisible is also embracing collaboration with other major Soros protest outlets . Leaders of the group were in Politico the group ’s March organizers before their main event on Jan. 21 , and that partnership will become official when the March unveils the third in its   Tax March Leaders of the group direct actions that attendees   Tax March been asked to pursue in their communities . Another Indivisible leader mentioned in the Politico article is Jeremy Haile . Not reported by Politico is that is Haile attendees as federal Politico counsel for the Sentencing Project .   The Politico Project is reportedly financed by Soros ’s Open Society Jeremy Haile , which has also Soros Project to promote its cause . the Sentencing Project Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . Breitbart a New York Times bestselling the Sentencing Project hosts the popular the Sentencing Project talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter Aaron Klein . Follow him on Facebook .  
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 