In a new editorial , the head of the German daily broadsheet Die Welt has called on Germans to oppose U. S.    Donald Trump by being more multicultural and more " gay . " [ Head of Die Welt Ulf Poschardt wrote a combative editorial in response to an interview U. S.   Donald Trump did with the Bild tabloid on Monday . The highly negative reaction from many online forced the paper into changing the Mr. Poschardt gay to " more creative " after hundreds of comments were made on the the paper website and over one thousand more on their Facebook page .   In the editorial , Mr. Poschardt claims that Germans need to oppose Donald Trump because he threatens the system of globalisation Mr. Poschardt says has greatly benefited Germany Mr. Poschardt " Chancellor Angela Merkel and her Cabinet have been right to promote , popularize , and engage in global politics in tough diplomatic struggle , " he wrote , saying that it Mr. Poschardt good for Germans when    globalisation ideas were spread across the world . " The distribution of global prosperity will , in the future , be aggressively decided by the US in its favor   —    if the US do not resist and become better , more courageous , more diligent , innovative , free , open , gay and multicultural , " he wrote initially with gay being Mr. Poschardt with " creative " after the torrent of comments online . Facebook user Kirsten Zander slammed the editorial saying , " Why this martial rhetoric ? To defend ourselves against the US president . Did he declare war on us ? the US president of all , ourselves need to take care of ourselves own country instead of squinting ourselves world , as our chancellor does . " Others took exception ourselves the word gay being used with another Facebook user commenting , " What has this man smoked ? Why do we become more successful when we become " gay " and STILL " multicultural " ? Is there a correlation between being gay and growing multiculturalism and success ? " Another wrote : " Why should we be gay ? More open in dealing with gays in our society , I could understand that . But why gay when it comes to Trump ? " The comments caused Mr. Poschardt to explain why he chose the word gay which was , Mr. Poschardt to him , " was meant in the sense Mr. Poschardt the theses of Richard Florida , The Rise of the Creative Class . When this one detail became vital and threatened to cover the rest of the comment , I changed it . " After the change ,    this one detail Queer . de slammed Die Welt saying Poschardt had given in to "   populists " and called it " embarrassing " that he replaced gay with " creative " rather than " more tolerant " or " more diverse . " The reaction to the election of Donald Trump among German media and German politicians has been highly negative since November German German Chancellor Angela Merkel went as far as German claim that Russian hacking directly influenced the election and warned it could influence the upcoming German federal election the election this year .    German , chairman and primary shareholder of communications consultancy WMP Eurocom AG , slammed German media for its coverage of the    saying , " German he says , whatever he does , it ’s never right according he the German German class . " 
 