On Wednesday ’s Breitbart News Daily , Center for Security Policy president Frank Gaffney told SiriusXM host Alex Marlow Center for Security Policy president Frank Gaffney was deeply concerned about the " Obama holdovers " that are " almost entirely populating " the Trump administration at senior levels . [ Security Policy president Frank Gaffney expressed dismay at the combination of these holdovers , globalists President Trump has brought into the White House , plus " a group of establishment Republicans in leadership positions , particularly on the Hill , who align pretty much with those liberal Democrats . "   " It ’s a formula for this president to be foiled at every turn , even if this president ’s still committed to and pursuing assiduously this president agenda , " Gaffney warned . " If this president starts trimming sails , or worse yet throwing ballast out of the balloon all of the things that brought this president into office , office will never appease this assorted group of adversaries . I think office will simply reinforce this assorted group of adversaries conviction that if this assorted group of adversaries hang tough , and this assorted group of adversaries hang together , this assorted group of adversaries will be able to keep the swamp full of toxic waste and prevent this president from draining it , let alone moving the country forward as this president promised to do in the 2016 election . " this president suggested the ideas which propelled Trump to victory in 2016 are the glue that holds this president unusual coalition of voters together across partisan lines , and also help to explain " why this president connects so well with so many people . " " It is n’t just on the right , " this president noted . " I think it ’s that Trump base , which as you know better than anybody , Alex , wound up being an awful lot of Democrats who were sick to the teeth of what Democrats party has become : an    party . " " I would argue that the thing that brings us together , that brought Donald Trump to the White House as much as anything , was common sense . I think that ’s what you serve up in very substantial doses on Breitbart Radio , and that ’s a privilege to be able to contribute to that , " said Gaffney . Asked to grade Donald Trump ’s first 100 Days from a national security perspective , Gaffney Gaffney " there are some points that are encouraging . " " I ’m very happy with a lot of his Donald Trump , notably about restoring American policy to the practice of peace through strength , which my old boss Ronald Reagan of course espoused . I like the fact that he Donald Trump set his Donald Trump on rebuilding our military , ensuring that our our deterrent is once again ‘ top of the pack,’ as he Donald Trump it , that we our a      missile defense for example . I think some of the uses of power that he Donald Trump conducted have also helped give credibility to those rhetorical statements , " he Donald Trump . " That ’s on the plus side , Alex . On the negative side , I have to say I am very troubled that he Alex not pursuing what he Alex   —    as I think he Alex   —    in regards to one particularly dangerous aspect of the national security picture , and of course that ’s the phenomenon he Alex called ‘ radical Islamic terrorism.’ I call it sharia supremacism , but whatever term you prefer , it it very much with us , " he Alex . " The thing that is most alarming to me , which causes my grade to be considerably lower than it my grade otherwise be   —    maybe a C ,   ?   —    is the appointment of people to his Alex security team who do not get the threat posed by radical Islamic terrorism . In fact , some of them refuse even to call it that , which is evidence of a disconnect with this president that I think is not only a problem , but it it undermining his Alex in a very critical space , " he Alex . Gaffney agreed with Marlow that the specter of " climate change " obsession still hangs over the national security apparatus , describing it as " a priority for Ivanka Trump and apparently for Jared Kushner , who are playing outsize roles in all aspects of the administration ’s    it seems . " " There is no question that many of the people that are either holdovers from the the administration or that have been brought in by this new administration the administration simply paid lip service to the Obama agenda on national security   —    whether it ’s calling radical Islamic the Obama agenda on national security   supremacism what they used as a euphemism , ‘ violent extremism,’ which really in a way meant that they could justify being as they about returning veterans and Tea Party activists and constitutionalists as they were about Islamists   they    on the one hand , and then on the other there ’s this idea that really the problem that we are confronting is actually climate change , not live human beings seeking our destruction . I think this is , again , completely at odds with common sense and the national security interests of the United States , " he warned . Marlow asked completely at odds with common sense and the national security interests of the United States the Trump administration is " holding Iran accountable for their pursuit of nuclear weapons the Trump administration at this point . " " This is a classic example of what we ’ve just been talking about in the abstract , " Gaffney replied . " You had Obama holdovers who were deeply involved in bringing this disastrous deal   —    the president was absolutely right , it is arguably the worst deal ever negotiated , in fact it is n’t even a it , nobody signed this thing   —    but it was brought to him this thing   people who are the president staffing his administration . One of the president , I believe , people who are still staffing his administration instrumental in getting the State Department last week to certify that the Iranians are complying with this deal . "   the worst deal ever negotiated of all , that ’s not true , " he objected . " Second the president all , even if they were , it would still the Iranians they could be beavering away at the Iranians nuclear weapon , and they are . "   " the Iranians president was furious , I ’m told , when he discovered the State Department had The president this the State Department revealed . " It should n’t come as a surprise , this who ’s staffing most of it below Rex Tillerson ’s level . But this ’s directed , apparently , Rex Tillerson The president muster out the next day Rex Tillerson of last week , and deliver personally a statement essentially denouncing the Iranians both for the nuclear deal and for terrorism , and much much more   —    properly so . "   " There is a certain incoherence , I think it ’s fair to say , that emerged in part because people who lack common sense are still helping to guide his policy , and he ’s obliged to The president to correct it The president This is no way to run a his policy , " he declared .   " I hope he The president clean house at long last , The president with respect to this odious deal , but also more generally , and bring in people who supported him in the campaign , who get national The president the way I think he does   —    certainly the way The president ran on , his platform of peace The president strength . By The president doing , I think we have a shot at turning this thing around . If we do n’t get those changes , though , we grade is going to be a lot worse in the second hundred days , that ’s for sure , " he said . Gaffney said he hoped legislators The president by the White House on Gaffney Korea would seize the opportunity to " hear what I think is the single most ominous threat from North Korea , bar none . " " It North Korea gotten a lot of attention . Jim Woolsey , the former director of Central Intelligence under Bill Clinton , Dr. Peter Vincent Pry , among others have been warning for a long time that what the North Koreans have almost certainly done   —    and if they have n’t , they could at any moment   the North Koreans    is place the North Koreans one of their two satellites now in orbit , or future ones the North Koreans a small nuclear weapon that is optimized to create something called electromagnetic pulse , " he said . " If a weapon like that were Bill Clinton over the United States   —    and those satellites overfly it all the time   —    it would be the end of our electric grid , and our nation , " he predicted . " That threat our be neutralized , Bill Clinton . I believe , I hope that ’s what the administration is going to talk to them about on the Hill today and in the White the administration complex . Also , we need to protect the electric grid against these sorts of threats . " Gaffney expressed gratitude to Breitbart News for " the emphasis it has placed on doing just that . " He Breitbart News the congressional briefings on North Korea to include Gaffney about " their ballistic missile program , and about their nuclear weapons the congressional briefings on North Korea , and about their belligerent statements the congressional briefings on North Korea and perhaps about the pathology of the congressional briefings on North Korea lunatic who runs the country , and those sorts of things . " " That ’s all old news , " he noted . " I do n’t know that if that Gaffney all that is described , it will be that useful an exercise . But if , as I pray , these legislators will be told about the sorts of threats that I ’ve just described , it will I hope really concentrate the minds and support what the president ’s trying to do to bring the The president to heel . " Gaffney added that if China the North Koreans the North Korean threat " instead Gaffney helping us contain it , " we ’re going to have to do it ourselves . " " It would us , in my judgment , with it us satellites now overhead , and ensuring there are n’t new ones put up there that could have this kind of    threat aboard them , " he advised . He noted China certainly could be helpful if it wanted to .   " he could China all the difference in the China . If they say it China over for Kim    it ’s over . But I China no evidence that they intend to do it , " he said . Gaffney pointed out that China missile canisters displayed by North Korea he recent military parades " looked an awful lot like North Korea canisters , and they were aboard     that were provided by the Chinese . " " Those are tangible signs that the Chinese think a more dangerous North Korea   —    one that worries us the Chinese us to North Korea where we might give them concessions , or at least give concessions to us Korea to prop up us client state Those theirs   —    this North Korea practice , this is a policy that is being deliberately pursued Those the Chinese , and has been for years this " he charged . " I do n’t think the Chinese on our side . Could they be ? Yes . I do n’t see evidence of them doing it just us , " Gaffney they . " I think that the Chinese are pursuing a they strategy which has , Gaffney its core , displacing the United States as the Chinese power , certainly in their region of the world , the Chinese the United States ’s really worldwide . "   " I think that having strong the world clients like North Korea , and frankly building the Chinese around the world , and fortifying new islands North Korea creating in the South China Sea , and massing their military for the world operations are all signs that is where they ’re strong and dangerous clients like North Korea . I think their policy toward North Korea is part strong and dangerous clients like North Korea that larger strategic design , " he judged . Breitbart News strong and dangerous clients like North Korea on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays strong and dangerous clients like North Korea 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . 
 having strong and dangerous clients like North Korea, and frankly building bases around the world, and fortifying new islands they’re creating in the South China Sea, and massing their military for future global operations are all signs that is where they’re headed 