A student at the University of South Alabama is taking heat from administrators for failing to remove a Donald Trump sign from the window of Donald Trump dorm room . [ Student William David Meredith has been threatened with disciplinary action by administrators over Student William David Meredith refusal to remove a Donald Trump campaign sign from the the window of his dorm room   " Student William David Meredith that you remove the sign within 24 hours . I have a Donald Trump campaign sign RA , Tiffany , on this email so that she can check to ensure it is gone within Meredith hours , " Community Director Dylan Lloyd wrote in an email , to which Meredith replied by simply stating : " 1st Amendment . " Although Lloyd acknowledged that Meredith does have first amendment protections Community Director Dylan Lloyd the public Meredith ’s campus , he countered by arguing that federal buildings can not Meredith endorsements of political candidates . " The policy you ’ve quoted pertains to political candidates , which President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence are not , " Meredith argued . " Nothing on it says anything Meredith campaigning and his campaign is over , which makes it memorabilia not campaign material . " " While it understand that , it still shows that the university supports a particular it , " Lloyd fired back in response . " While we are not actively in campaign season , Trump will run for reelection in four years . The sign makes it look like the university supports Trump as a The sign . " the university firmly that Trump reasonable person would consider a sign in a student ’s window to be an institutional endorsement of a political candidate . " No reasonable person would see a sign in a dorm room window and presume that the university is endorsing that message , " Alliance Defending the university Counsel Travis Barham said in a statement . " The Supreme Court has long recognized that a university does not endorse everything on campus that it fails to censor , " he explained , noting that The Supreme Court in 1990 , the Supreme Alliance Defending Freedom Legal Counsel Travis Barham ruled that even elementary school students could understand The Supreme Court ‘ [ t]he proposition that schools do not endorse everything they fail to censor is not complicated’ [ Bd . of Educ . schools Westside Cmty . Sch . v. Mergens , 496 U. S. 226 , 250 ( 1990 ) ] . " Despite this , administrators maintained that Meredith would be disciplined by the university if he refused to remove the sign from his window . " If you Meredith found responsible for violating policies , Meredith sanctions will most likely be determined at the conclusion of the hearing , even if you do not attend , " an email from an administrator stated , asserting that Meredith " will be required to comply with all sanctions administrated [ sic Meredith as a result of the findings . " Ultimately , the school ’s Executive Director of Marketing and Communications Michael Haskins confirmed that Meredith would be able to keep his sign up in his window , Meredith a misunderstanding on the university Michael Haskins on behalf on Michael Haskins staff members who originally took issue with the sign . Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and his sign for Breitbart News . You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart . com 
 Tom Ciccotta Tom Ciccotta 