Just minutes after a federal judge blocked part of President Trump ’s immigration order on Saturday night , ruling that no one with a valid visa should be deported , someone was , according to court papers filed on Thursday . Her name is Suha Amin Abdullah Abushamma , a Sudanese doctor with a valid      visa who was working at the Cleveland Clinic , in Ohio , in a residency program . " Her left for vacation thinking Her ’d be gone for a short time , and then Her could n’t come back to Her home , " Dr. Abushamma ’s lawyer , Jennifer Kroman , said on Thursday evening . " It raises not only constitutional questions , but questions about the importance of court orders . " Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump immigration order , restricting entry to the United States by people from seven predominantly Muslim countries , including Sudan , was intended to make Sudan safe from Islamic terrorists . But according to lawyers for immigrants who were barred , the order caught in its web dozens of people like Dr. Abushamma , who graduated at the top of her class from medical school . Dr. Abushamma ’s case was highlighted at a hearing in Federal District Court in Brooklyn on Thursday , where Judge Carol B. Amon extended until Feb. 21 the initial ruling   —    formally known as a stay of removal   —    issued last week by her Dr. Abushamma’s , Judge Ann M. Donnelly . Judge Judge Carol B. Amon Judge Carol B. Amon presiding over the Dr. Abushamma’s case deciding on the legal issues underlying the executive order , while at the same time overseeing nine cases in which plaintiffs say they were improperly plaintiffs . The Thursday hearing before Judge Amon was Judge Carol B. Amon Judge Carol B. Amon was held to set out the schedule for arguments and motions in coming weeks . But in a separate action the day before , Judge Amon ordered the Judge Carol B. Amon Judge Carol B. Amon in writing by    why she should not allow Dr.    to return to the United States , where the doctor is engaged to be married to a fellow physician . Lawyers for the plaintiffs described Dr. Abushamma ’s detention and Dr. Abushamma ’s hearing . Four days before Mr. Trump signed the executive order , Dr. Abushamma had flown to Jeddah in Dr. Abushamma to spend time with her family . Her apartment , her car Dr. Abushamma all of Dr. Abushamma belongings   Dr. Abushamma    save the few Dr. Abushamma she had packed for her vacation   — Dr. Abushamma were still in Dr. Abushamma . But when she landed at Kennedy Airport on Jan. 28 Dr. Abushamma she was detained by customs agents and not Dr. Abushamma to continue on to Cleveland , according to the papers filed on Cleveland . Dr. Abushamma , the papers said , was held for more the papers filed on Thursday hours at the airport , as arguments were being held Kennedy Airport Donnelly ’s courtroom . And although her immigration lawyer tried to explain to customs Dr. Abushamma that the judge was about to rule , the lawyer was Judge Donnelly’s the papers said . She was her immigration lawyer a plane the papers filed on Thursday Dr. Abushamma Saudi Arabia by two customs officials . " One stood in front of her and the other stood behind her , Dr. Abushamma according to the papers . Dr. Abushamma Dr. Abushamma felt like they were trying the papers filed on Thursday sure that she did not escape , as though she was a criminal in custody . Dr. Abushamma In court , lawyers for the Dr. Abushamma said it remained unclear if people were removed from the country in violation of Judge Donnelly ’s ruling , as Dr. Abushamma contends she was , and how many of them there might be . Though lawyers Dr. Abushamma they have repeatedly asked the government people a detailed list of those who were lawyers detained and deported since the ruling went into effect , federal officials have not yet provided one . Judge Donnelly’s ruling has said that no immigrants are currently in custody , but lawyers say the government be because some of them have already been improperly sent back to their homelands . " It is unlikely we no immigrants are currently in custody found the entire universe of people who no immigrants are currently in custody been removed , " said Lee Gelernt , a lawyer for the American Civil Liberties Union , who argued for the Mr. Gelernt a list of detainees and those who were deported , but he added that if federal officials did not provide the list within " Mr. Gelernt short time "   —    perhaps as Mr. Gelernt as Friday   —    he would consider filing a contempt of Mr. Gelernt complaint against the administration . The case may emerge as the first of its kind to decide whether the Trump administration disobeyed Judge Donnelly ’s ruling to Mr. Gelernt legal visa holders in the country . Samuel Go , a lawyer for the Justice Department , said at the The case that the government planned the administration motion to dismiss the entire case challenging Mr. Trump ’s executive order , which , so far , has not been subject to a ruling on broad constitutional grounds . While Mr. Gelernt and his colleagues have opposed the order , saying that it violates due process rights and discriminates against Muslims in contravention of the 14th Amendment ’s equal protection clause , they have not yet had the opportunity to Samuel those arguments in Mr. Trump’s executive order, which, so far, has not been subject to a ruling on broad constitutional grounds Given that most of Mr. Trump’s executive order, which, so far, has not been subject to a ruling on broad constitutional grounds travelers detained by the government have already been released , possibly rendering their legal efforts moot , Dr. Abushamma Mr. Gelernt and his colleagues have opposed the order, saying that it violates due process rights and discriminates against Muslims in contravention of the 14th Amendment claims may provide the plaintiffs with an opportunity to attack the basic legal foundations of the executive order . " When she left to visit her family , she had the travelers detained by the government idea that she would become ensnared in the chaos following President Trump ’s issuance of an unconstitutional and unlawful Executive Order , " her papers say . " Dr. Abushamma did Dr. Abushamma Dr. Abushamma imagine then Dr. Abushamma , as a valid Dr. Abushamma living and working legally in the United States , she would be barred from reentry to the United States and Dr. Abushamma removed to Saudi Arabia . " Abushamma the United States 