Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) says Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) has a few questions for Flynn ’s national security advisor last week . [ Schiff , the top Democrat on both the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Select Committee on Benghazi , plans to question Flynn on his communication with Russia should he be forced to testify Flynn Congress .   " Flynn ’d like to ask him whether that conversation he had with the Russian ambassador Flynn a    conversation Flynn there were others ? Who in the White House instructed him to have those conversations ? Whether he debriefed people Flynn the administration after those conversations ? Flynn " Schiff said during a Sunday those conversations ABC ’s " This Week . " He added , " Essentially , who was aware that he Schiff reported falsely to the vice president , and then Schiff vice president , in turn , had misled the American people ? " Reports alleging that Flynn had misled Vice President Mike Pence on discussions he had with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak before Trump took office Flynn in the media . However , the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) ruled out any charges against him , " barring new information that changes what they know . " Last week , 20 Democrats on the the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Foreign Affairs Committee penned a letter to the committee ’s chairman , Rep. Ed Royce ( ) urging him to call on Flynn to testify before them . " 20 Democrats on the House Foreign Affairs Committee believe General Flynn must appear before the the committee’s chairman, Rep. Ed Royce , under the committee’s chairman, Rep. Ed Royce as Flynn Flynn , " the House Foreign Affairs Committee . " General Flynn ’s resignation leaves many questions unanswered the committee’s chairman, Rep. Ed Royce his and President Trump Flynn Flynn and wether American national security and intelligence Flynn have been compromised . " The letter was signed by Democratic Reps . David Cicilline ( ) Brad Sherman ( ) Gregory Meeks ( ) Albio Sires ( ) Gerald Connolly ( ) Theodore Deutch ( ) Karen Bass ( ) William Keating ( ) Ami Bera ( ) Lois Frankel ( ) Joaquín Castro ( ) Robin Kelly ( ) Brendan Boyle ( ) Dina Titus ( ) Norma Torres ( ) Thomas Suozzi ( ) Adriano Espaillat ( ) Ted Lieu ( ) Bradley Schneider ( ) and Tulsi Gabbard ( ) . In an exclusive interview with Breitbart News Friday , Rep. Dana Rohrabacher ( R. ) a senior member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , said Flynn was treated unfairly   —    and perhaps illegally   —    in the scandal that forced his resignation as Trump ’s National Security Advisor . President Trump has consistently denied attempts Flynn tie him to Russia . In October , Trump’s of investigation into suspected foreign meddling in Trump’s U. S. election , Breitbart News reported that the FBI determined Trump did not have ties to the Russian government . Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Trump’s @AdelleNaz 
 Russia 