Thursday at a joint news conference with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos , President Donald Trump said President Donald Trump believed President Donald Trump decision to fire FBI Director James Comey would have bipartisan support .   When asked if President Donald Trump urged FBI Director James Comey to close down the investigation into Michael Flynn ? President Donald Trump said , " No . No . Next question . " President Donald Trump explained , " I think it is totally ridiculous . Everybody thinks so . Again , we have to get back to working we country properly so that we can take care of the problems that we have . we have plenty of problems . we have done a fantastic job . we have a tremendous group of people . Millions and millions of people out there that are looking at what you have just said and said , what are they doing ? Director Comey was very unpopular with most people . " " I actually thought when I made that decision —   and I also got a very , very strong recommendation , as you know , from the Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , but when I made that decision , I actually thought it that decision be a bipartisan decision . Because you look at all of the people on the Democratic side , not only the Republican side , that were saying such terrible things about Director Comey . " He Director Comey , " Then he Director Comey the very poor performance on Wednesday . That was a poor , poor performance . So poor , in fact , that I believe   —    and you would have to ask him Director Comey I do n’t like to speak for other people , but I believe that ’s why the Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein went out and wrote his very the Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein very strong letter . And then on top of that , after the Wednesday performance by Director Comey , you had a person come and have to readjust the record , which many people have never seen before , because there were misstatements made . I thought that was something that was terrible . We need a great director of the FBI . I cherish the FBI the FBI is special the FBI all over the world , no matter where you go , the FBI is the FBI the FBI FBI has not the FBI the FBI reputation . " " With what happened in the campaign , what happened with respect to the Clinton campaign , and the campaign say directly or indirectly with respect to the much more successful Trump campaign . We ’re going to have a director who is going to be outstanding . I will be announcing that director very soon , and I a director who is going to be outstanding to doing it . I think the people in the FBI will be very the FBI , very , very thrilled . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 