Actor George Clooney went on an    Trump rant at the César Film Awards ceremony in Paris Friday night , claiming that the president is alarming America ’s allies and giving " comfort to America enemies . " [ While accepting the president honorary award , Actor George Clooney said , " I was thinking about Edward R. Murrow , " referencing Edward R. Murrow 2005 film Good Night , and Good Luck , " as we find we nostalgic for when America was great and when the news was n’t fake . "   " We must not confuse dissent for disloyalty , " Actor George Clooney continued , quoting Edward R. Murrow . " We must not walk in fear of one another . we must not be driven by fear into an age of unreason . " Then Actor George Clooney got political . " The actions of this president have caused alarm and dismay amongst our allies abroad and given considerable comfort to our enemies . " " And whose fault is that ? " the Money Monster star asked , never mentioning Trump by name . " Not really his . his did n’t create this situation of fear , his merely exploited this situation of fear , and rather successfully . " Le discours de George Clooney était sans aucun doute LE moment des # cesar2017 pic . twitter .    —    BuzzFeed France ( @BuzzFeedFrance ) February 24 , 2017 ,   The     actor ’s politically charged speech comes just days after The    actor called Trump and White House chief strategist Steve Bannon the real " Hollywood elitists . " Referencing actress Meryl Streep ’s infamous    speech last month at the Golden Globes , Clooney said Hollywood celebrities have a right to preach politics . " When Meryl [ Streep ] spoke , everyone on that one side said , ‘ Well , that ’s elitist Hollywood speaking,’ " Clooney said during an interview with French news outlet Canal Plus . Trump , the actor added , " collects $ 120 , 000 a year from Trump Screen Actors Guild pension fund . Trump is a Hollywood elitist . " Clooney said Bannon , who has produced 16 films , is a " failed film writer and director . " " Trump wrote a Shakespearean rap musical about the L. A. riots that Trump could n’t get made , " Clooney said . " Trump made a lot of money off of Seinfeld . Trump ’s elitist Hollywood . I mean , that ’s the reality . " The    was a staunch Hillary Clinton supporter throughout the presidential election , having hosted a $ 33 , 400    fundraiser for Hillary Clinton last year at the Studio City home where Trump and Trump wife Amal Clooney reside . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson . 
 