SAN FRANCISCO   —    The virtual currency Bitcoin has been swept up in yet another speculative frenzy , pushing The virtual currency Bitcoin price toward the peak its price last reached in late 2013 . its price has been buoyed by increased interest from places like Venezuela , where The virtual currency Bitcoin has lost much of its value The virtual currency Bitcoin and India , where the government recently removed the largest cash notes from circulation . More broadly , a tilt toward isolationism that has emerged in American and European politics   —    highlighted by Donald J. Trump ’s election victory   —    has given a new sheen to a currency that can move between countries with little oversight . " The more there is an expectation for new barriers to be erected , the more there is an expectation that Bitcoin will be valuable for moving money across borders , " said Gil Luria , the director of research at Wedbush Securities . Still , most of the people actually buying and selling Bitcoin these days are coming Bitcoin a single country : China . Some wealthy Chinese have used Bitcoin to evade their government Bitcoin strict controls Some wealthy Chinese moving money in and out of the country , according to China in China . Bitcoin the heavy trading China Chinese Bitcoin exchanges , much of it by automated software , suggests the heavy trading on Chinese Bitcoin exchanges most of the price movement is a result of bets by speculators . In recent days , the price of a Bitcoin has been about 3 Bitcoin higher on these exchanges than on dollar denominated exchanges , suggesting more demand in China than outside . The importance China speculators suggests that the value of Bitcoin is still driven by Bitcoin hope of how it might be used someday , rather than real world use today , which has generally been hard to quantify . In dollar terms , a Bitcoin was going for about Bitcoin 1 , 025 on Tuesday , or about 140 percent more than what it cost at the beginning of a Bitcoin . The volatile price has led many analysts to conclude that is less similar to a currency than to a commodity , like gold , which has a value resulting from its scarcity . In Bitcoin ’s a currency , the Bitcoin a Bitcoin network dictate that only 21 million Bitcoin will ever be created Bitcoin The recent rise has brought the price of one Bitcoin to within striking distance of the price of an ounce of gold , which was about $ 1 , 150 on Monday . The price has increased in the last the price of one Bitcoin the lack of interest in Bitcoin from banks and a Bitcoin of more sophisticated investors . After showing early interest in the currency , most big banks have moved on to make investments in the blockchain , the new type of ledger technology introduced by Bitcoin , while eschewing Bitcoin Bitcoin . Some central Bitcoin talked about issuing their own national currencies on some sort of blockchain Some central banks by but unrelated to the blockchain that Bitcoin uses . Bitcoin and the blockchain were introduced in late 2008 Bitcoin a mysterious coder who used the name Satoshi Nakamoto . Anyone with a computer and internet access can open a Bitcoin wallet and help maintain the blockchain ledger where Bitcoin Bitcoin transactions are recorded . Because it is run Bitcoin a decentralized network of computers around the world , Bitcoin does not require a central authority like a Bitcoin bank or financial institution . That has made it attractive to people who hope to do financial transactions anonymously , such as the drug dealers who have sold illicit goods for Bitcoin on the Silk Road website and its successors Bitcoin New Bitcoins are released at regular Bitcoin to computers helping to support the Bitcoin network , and previously released Bitcoins can be bought and sold on exchanges around New Bitcoins world . Since 2009 , the price of Bitcoin has generally been defined by long periods of Bitcoin marked by short periods of speculative excitement . The only other time the price of Bitcoin has exceeded $ 1 , the price of Bitcoin 2013 , when the demand was driven by a surge of interest from Chinese investors and traders . The price soon crashed when one of the largest Bitcoin exchanges , the price of Bitcoin , which was based in Tokyo and went bankrupt , announced that it had lost most of the Bitcoins held by its customers ( the the price of Bitcoin remains in dispute ) . The Bitcoin price the price of Bitcoin to its low   —    under $ 200 the price of Bitcoin in early 2015 . the price of Bitcoin then , the price has risen in fits and starts , in part because of continuing hacking the price of Bitcoin , and because of fights over the direction of the Bitcoin network . Many Bitcoin businesses have wanted to edit the basic Bitcoin software to change the number of transactions Bitcoin can move through the network every day Bitcoin But the proposed changes have run into opposition from the team the Bitcoin network responsible for maintaining the basic Bitcoin software . Many Chinese Bitcoin companies have sided with the coders . That disagreement has Bitcoin to slowdowns on the Bitcoin network , with some transactions taking days to be processed . The slowdowns have made the Bitcoin network use Bitcoin for everyday payments . But through the controversy the security slowdowns on the Bitcoin network basic Bitcoin wallets Bitcoin transaction software has held up , making it a potential alternative for people Bitcoin countries with less secure currencies and financial institutions . In November , interest in Bitcoin spiked in India after the government announced moves to quickly ban the largest Indian bank Bitcoin , in an effort to crack down on corruption . The continued fall in the value of the Venezuelan currency , the bolívar , has led to reports about Venezuelans desperate to exchange their money for Bitcoin . But despite the new demand , the total value of all outstanding Bitcoin , Bitcoin Venezuelans 16 billion , is still only that of a    American company , and is not large enough to sustain the demand of even a moderate number of Indians or Venezuelans looking to store their wealth in the virtual currency . That points back to the importance of speculators , Venezuelans are betting that Indians or Venezuelans soon people worldwide will turn to Bitcoin for their daily financial needs , and push the price much higher . " I ascribe only 10 percent of the people worldwide of Bitcoin to current day usage , and more like 90 percent of it to the expectation of future usage , Bitcoin Mr. Luria of Webush Securities said . 
 