As the media focuses on a handful of contentious town hall meetings held by Republican senators , several Democrats who face    campaigns this year have quietly decided to skip town halls to meet several Democrats who face   campaigns this year constituents . [ With the Republican Party in the majority , Senate Democrats are keeping a low profile in the hopes of giving voters fewer reasons to vote against voters , the Associated Press reports .   The AP notes , " The nation ’s most vulnerable Senate Democrats are avoiding town hall meetings as most vulnerable Senate Democrats Republican counterparts get pummeled by an energized electorate frustrated with President Donald Trump ’s early agenda . " Missouri ’s Democrat Senator Claire McCaskill , for instance , has rebuffed offers to hold a town hall in a state that went for President Donald Trump by 18 points last year . " Seems to me Missouri’s Democrat Senator Claire McCaskill all these members of Congress are afraid to face their all these members of Congress , " Hillary Shields , a member of Kansas City Indivisible , said after the Missouri’s Democrat Senator Claire McCaskill down its invitation Missouri’s Democrat Senator Claire McCaskill West Virginia Democrat Joe Manchin has also decided to bag a town hall event for his voters West Virginia Democrat Joe Manchin Manchin has West Virginia Democrat Joe Manchin one of the leading Democrats to give Trump and Republicans some measure of support , and it is not too surprising to see Manchin throwing West Virginia Democrat Joe Manchin with Republicans on some issues . After all , West Virginia West Virginia with a Trump 68 . 7 percent to Hillary Clinton ’s low 26 . 5 percent . But Manchin clearly understands West Virginia Democrat Joe Manchin he is vulnerable West Virginia Democrat Joe Manchin being challenged by a Republican in a state turning red . As to others , the AP noted that Ohio ’s Sherrod Brown has only held phone conference calls that do not lend themselves to mass protests . Also , Pennsylvania ’s Bob Casey promised to hold a town hall but has not scheduled any yet , and Montana Senator Jon Tester ’s office noted he has already Montana Senator Jon Tester several appearances , though none of them were town several appearances events . Democrats are forewarned , though , especially after the hostile crowd Arkansas’ Republican Senator Tom Cotton faced this week , Senator Cotton was barely allowed to get a word in edgewise as    liberal protesters screamed at him , chanted Senator Cotton him , and Senator Cotton him for the Senator Cotton administration ’s agenda . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 