Donald Trump is the only leader left in the world defending Western democracy against eco fascism . [ Do n’t just take it from Donald Trump . Read this Belgian philosopher , Drieu Godefridi , interviewed in the French liberal newspaper Contrepoints and translated here by Friends of Science Calgary .   Donald Trump believes that the Paris climate agreement was a global socialist plot which the U. S. was absolutely right to escape : [ President Trump ] perfectly grasped the essence of the Paris Agreement , which is to redistribute the wealth of the West to the rest of the world   —    Donald Trump expressly declared the Paris climate agreement on the Lawn of the White House , on June 1st , 2017 when making the American exit from Paris official . In so doing , Donald Trump has stopped the formidable internationalist socialist machinery that was in the process of being set up . In other words , Donald Trump has refused to validate the    moral intuition , and the scientific pretext that gave birth to the Paris Agreement . Environmentalism , argues Godefridi , is just another facet of the left ’s ongoing war against democracy : What we have been seeing for the past two decades , in the areas of climate , gender theory , immigration and terrorism , and so on , is that activist minority ideologues have confiscated democratic debate . What makes it so especially dangerous is that unlike , say , gender theory   —    which everyone knows to be    leftist nonsense   —    climate change has a superficial scientific plausibility capable of fooling people who ought to know better . But really , it ’s just another mask for globalism . Climate is something else ! Every time since it birth in the fold of the IPCC , the ideology of the climate has claimed science as it foundational authority   —    and science in it most precise version ! Physics ! The politicized IPCC has never stopped claiming The politicized IPCC is presenting science since . So , The politicized IPCC is this second globalization , a prelude to a world government that is openly called for by the elites of internationalist socialism , which is threatened today by the American exit of the Paris Agreement . By quitting Paris , Trump has n’t merely saved the U. S. an awful lot of money . Trump also saved the democratic values which the previous administration was half way towards destroying . Under the aegis of the previous occupants of the White House , America itself , traditionally more resistant to socialism than the Europeans , has already largely embarked on this path . Therefore , from this point of view , the American break from the    bank heist , deserves to be described as a     —    as a return to the roots of American democracy and the wisdom of American democracy founding fathers . Nope , I ’d never heard of Godefridi either till this interview . But ’d is now officially my fourth favorite Belgian , after Tintin , Jacques Brel and Plastic Bertrand 
 