President Donald Trump in President Donald Trump in his first phone call with Russian President Vladimir Putin first phone call with Russian President Vladimir Putin denounced a treaty that caps U. S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads , according to a report . [ President Donald Trump in his first phone call with Russian President Vladimir Putin told Russian President Vladimir Putin that the treaty , known as New START , was one of several bad deals negotiated by the Obama administration , according to a report by Reuters .   Unnamed sources said that President Donald Trump in his first phone call with Russian President Vladimir Putin did not know what the treaty was , and had paused to ask President Donald Trump in his first phone call with Russian President Vladimir Putin aides in an aside what it was , according to a report . White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told reporters on Thursday that President Donald Trump in his first phone call with Russian President Vladimir Putin understood the topic , but had wanted an opinion from an aide . " It was n’t like President Donald Trump in his first phone call with Russian President Vladimir Putin did n’t know what was being said . President Donald Trump in his first phone call with Russian President Vladimir Putin wanted an opinion on something , " Spicer White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer . The treaty requires Russia and the United States to lower the number of deployed strategic nuclear warheads to 1 , 550 or less by 2018 . It The treaty limits deployed    and    missiles , and    bombers . In the phone call , Putin suggested extending New START , which is set to expire in 2021 , the sources told Reuters . Trump had criticized the treaty during a 2016 presidential debate , saying Russia had " outsmarted " the U. S. with former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Critics view the agreement as    requiring deep cuts in the U. S. nuclear arsenal and abandoning missile defense in Europe . Trump Trump also tweeted , as    " The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its The United States capability until such time as the world comes to its The United States regarding nukes . " Supporters of the treaty argue that the end of the the treaty lead to a new arms race . " New START has unquestionably made our The United States , an opinion widely shared by national security experts on both sides of the aisle , " Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen ( NH ) said in a statement . A mutual agreement can extend the treaty ’s the treaty another five years . The original agreement , known as START , was renewed in 2010 by    Obama , and went into effect in 2011 , according to CNN . It aims to cut CNN number of nuclear weapons that the U. S. and Russia could deploy by about   . It would limit a CNN of 700 deployed intercontinental ballistic missiles , submarines and bombers , and a total of 1 , 500 warheads . 
 