According to research search from the social media analytics company Dataminr , over 12 , 000 tweets have called for the assassination of President Trump since President Trump took office on January 20th . [ Here are just a few found after a quick search on Twitter :   Can someone take one for the team and assassinate President Trump when someone comes to the uk ? ?   —    Cal ( @callum_fielding ) January 27 , 2017 ,   Someone needs to assassinate Donald trump ,   —    Elizabeth Pyman ( @boho1899 ) January 27 , 2017 ,   I hate to say this , but can someone just assassinate President Trump already ?   —    justin ( @jaysupremeee ) February 3 , 2017 ,   i hope melania has a secret plan to assassinate trump and pence with the help of her slovenian family ,   —    effy 🖤 ( @Elyssuhhxx ) January 27 , 2017 ,   Oh Mrs May , came back todayAfter her trip to the USA , Wish her May , Wish her MightAssassinate D. Trump tonight#PoemsAboutTrumpAndMay ,   —    Sammie ♥ ( @SammieJoMaria ) January 26 , 2017 ,   Twitter has said in an email statement that " the Twitter Rules prohibit threats of violence , and Twitter will suspend accounts violating that policy . " Whilst these may not be direct threats , the Twitter Rules also clearly state that the " promotion " of violence is also forbidden . Yet many thousands of tweets and accounts remain active , in a direct contradiction to Twitter former statement . Not all Twitter threats are hyperbolic . The Secret Service have in fact investigated some individuals for their tweets some individuals Heather Lowry from Kentucky posted , " if someone was cruel enough to assassinate MLK , maybe someone will be kind enough to assassinate Trump . " The agency ’s field office then interviewed Lowry and Heather Lowry a background check . Zachary Benson of Cleveland , Ohio , was in fact charged with threatening the then   ’s life on Twitter , with a maximum possible sentence of five years in prison . Former US Secret Service special agent Tim Franklin told Mashable that " it ’s the people who have a true and genuine intent to do harm that the Secret Secret Service about   …      they ’re not going to to beat down the door of everybody who makes a negative Twitter comment . " Users who use specific language and detail regarding any assassination attempt will likely get a visit from the Secret Service . Secret Service a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @ToryBastard _ , Jack Hadfield Gab @JH or email him at jack@yiannopoulos . net . Jack Hadfield 