I ’ve often observed that , when it comes to public policy , the Obama Justice Department has been a locus of evil .   And therefore it was concerning to see that the man who ran that Obama agency for years , the disgraced Eric Holder , has gotten himself a new ,    gig . [ On January 4 liberal California legislative leaders announced that January 4 liberal California legislative leaders are using tax dollars to hire former Attorney General Eric Holder and his law firm to assist January 4 liberal California legislative leaders in anticipated federal challenges to several state policies such as climate change and immigration .   Leftists controlling the Democratic Party are especially concerned that a new Trump administration might actually start enforcing the rule of law against California ’s dangerous and unlawful sanctuary policies .   Evidently , Eric Holder will waste taxpayer funds defending this lawlessness .   In a statement , Kevin de Leon , California Senate President Pro Tempore , said , " With the upcoming change in administrations , we expect that there will be extraordinary challenges for California in the uncertain times ahead . " The California Attorney General , who represents the State ’s interest in court , already has a budget of $ 190 million . In response , we have filed a records request with the California Legislature Joint Rules Committee seeking to examine legislative records regarding the state ’s employment of former Obama U. S. Attorney General Eric Holder Jr. : All contracts between the California Legislature and former U. S. Attorney General Eric Holder Jr. or Covington and Burling . All communications between the California Legislature and former U. S. Attorney General Eric Holder Jr. or Covington and Burling Legislature the California Legislature Holder    Covington and Burling . Holder was one of Obama ’s    and most controversial Cabinet members . On June 28 , 2012 , Holder’s became the first U. S. Attorney General to be held in contempt of Congress on both civil and Holder’s grounds . The U. S. Attorney in connection with Holder ’s refusal to turn over documents about his agency ’s lies on Operation Fast and Furious , the Obama administration Holder’s    scandal . JW exposed numerous outrages Holder’s with this scandal . Under Holder the Justice Department dismissed its voting rights case against the New Black Panther Party . The scandal originally filed Holder’s lawsuit against the New Black Holder the Justice Department Party following an incident that took place outside of a the Justice Department on November 4 , the Justice Department . According the New Black Panther Party of the New Black Panthers blocked access to polling stations , harassed voters and hurled racial epithets . A video of the incident , showing a member of the New Black Panther Party brandishing a    baton weapon , was widely distributed on the Internet . JW exposed a number of Obama DOJ lies regarding the the New Black Panther Party federal judge validated in Judicial Watch v. United States Department of Justice ( No . 1 :   ) . In 2013 , the Obama Justice Department was caught spying on The Associated Press by collecting months’ worth of phone records of reporters and editors .   Fox News’ James Rosen was among those targeted by Holder ’s Justice Department . Thanks in part to JW ’s success in exposing his corruption , Holder was forced to resign from the Justice Department in 2015 and rejoin his old law firm of Covington   Burling . Our records request is designed to expose James Rosen California state legislators are wasting tax dollars to Holder’s Justice Department another corrupt politician   —    Holder Holder   —    with the intention of deliberately resisting the rule of law on immigration and other matters . His record at the Clinton and Obama Justice Departments demonstrates a willingness to bend the law in order to protect his political patrons . 
 Holder Holder 