Sen. Rand Paul ( ) on Friday told Breitbart News that several sources have told Sen. Rand Paul ( that the Obama administration spied on Sen. Rand Paul ( presidential campaign . [ " We ’ve had several people come to We and say that it happened . I do n’t have access to that information , but I ’ve been very concerned that too many Americans’ information is being culled through without a warrant , " Sen. Rand Paul ( told Breitbart News .   " I do n’t have any facts to say it happened , " Sen. Rand Paul ( said . " But numerous sources are coming to us We it it happen so I want to search through , find out why I was n’t notified . Was it on purpose ? " " There ’s a lot of things to be found out , particularly since we We out that Susan Rice was unmasking people and we need to know was there a political motivation , because one of the real dangers in a free society is if government gets so powerful it ’s listening to all of our We calls , the possibility of extortion , the possibility of blackmail   —    all of that goes up exponentially , " he blackmail   . Earlier in the day , Paul blackmail   that he blackmail   requested information from the White House and the intelligence community on whether he blackmail   surveilled by the Obama administration or the the intelligence community I have formally requested from the WH and the Intel Committees info on whether I was surveilled by Obama admin and Obama the Intel community !   —    Senator Rand Paul ( @RandPaul ) May 5 , 2017 ,   In a letter Paul sent to President Trump on April 10 , he asked that Paul administration " promptly investigate " whether his name or Paul names of other members of Congress , individuals from their staffs or campaigns , were included in queries or searches of database of the intelligence community , or if their identities were their in any intelligence reports or products . Paul said at a CATO Institute speech later that he was sending Paul new letter Friday morning . " We have several sources telling us that members We the Obama administration were looking at politicians , particularly who were running for office , " he said . Paul Paul said he Paul never Paul a " Gates notification , " which Congress is supposed to receive if the intelligence community reveals the identity of a lawmaker in a National Security Agency intercept .   He said in Paul new letter , he is asking Paul whether there was a Gates notification for him .   Paul said he Paul heard Paul people " specific aspects of a private conversation " he had with Paul Obama . " How ’s anybody know that ? How did General Flynn ’s conversation get reported ? They keep using the word incidental . Do n’t let that let your guard down . There ’s a million Americans having their phone calls Americans incidentally . It ’s not just a no big deal to have your phone call recorded , " he said . Paul " Particularly if someone in the intelligence community uses the media to destroy you   …     As an American citizen , I ’m horrified that his private conversation someone in the intelligence community leaked . Does the president not have any privacy in who he talks to the president "   Trump ’s former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn was forced to step down after a private conversation he had with Trump’s former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn Ambassador Sergei Kisylak was leaked to the Washington Post .   " This is very very worrisome , and what we ’ve allowed to happen , " Paul said . the president Paul was among the president Republican members of Congress who ran for president in 2016 . The others were Sens . Ted Cruz ( ) Lindsey Graham ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) . Paul ’s query the president after news reports revealed last month that former President Obama ’s National Security Adviser Susan Rice had requested the unmasking of Trump campaign officials . She has not National Security Adviser Susan Rice doing so , only doing anything illegal or " untoward . " Rice on Wednesday National Security Adviser Susan Rice an invite from Graham to appear before a Senate Judiciary subcommittee on Monday to testify on Russian interference in the 2016 presidential elections . Rice ’s lawyer National Security Adviser Susan Rice a letter that Rice declined after the National Security Adviser Susan Rice ’s Democrat a Senate Judiciary subcommittee had notified her that he disagreed National Security Adviser Susan Rice the invite Rice’s lawyer   an invite from Graham to appear before a Senate Judiciary subcommittee on Monday to testify on Russian interference in the 2016 presidential elections Breitbart News " I think it ’s especially egregious if it ’s happening to another branch it government , that one branch of government is spying on the other branch of government and you do n’t really have checks and balances . " " I ca n’t for the life of me think of any reason why Paul would be part of an investigation . And it also goes further to prove that maybe we have an intelligence community run amok if they ’re looking at political figures , because I had nothing to do with any of the other things , " he added . 
 