Drivers across the country are racing to Drivers across the country local Department of Motor Vehicles offices to claim " covfefe " vanity license plates just days following President Trump ’s tweetwhere he meant to type " negative press coverage " and instead wrote " covfefe . " [ Drivers have already claimed Drivers " covfefe " vanity plate in at least 21 states , including California , North Carolina , Maine , and Nebraska since President Trump sent out his tweet early Wednesday morning , CNN reported .   Greg Cooper , a California attorney , was one of the first in the nation to claim his state ’s " covfefe " license plate . his daughter , Tayla , posted a photo of his with the plate design to Twitter , which received over 97 , 000 likes and has been retweeted over 20 , 000 times . Cooper , who was with family when his saw Trump ’s tweet and thought it would be funny to buy a " covfefe " vanity plate , said his has not decided whether his will attach the license plate to his car when the license plate arrives in 12 weeks . Evan Milton , 26 , of Nebraska , claimed Nebraska ’s " covfefe " vanity plate for $ 40 just five hours after Trump tweeted the word . Evan Milton told the Lincoln    that Evan Milton applied for the license plate through Evan Milton state ’s DMV website around 4 a. m. because Evan Milton wanted a vanity plate on Evan Milton car that came from a meme . Trump himself has poked fun of his Trump himself    tweet , where he Trump himself about the " constant negative press covfefe , " in a    tweet : " Who can figure out the true meaning of ‘ covfefe’ ? ? ? Enjoy ! " Who can figure out the true meaning of " covfefe " ? ? ?   Enjoy !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 31 , 2017 ,   " Covfefe " also became the number one trending topic on Twitter within the hour after Trump Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) his Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) tweet , giving birth to a new meme . As of Monday afternoon , there are still seven states where drivers can order a " covfefe " vanity plate . The seven states where drivers can order a "covfefe" vanity plate New Hampshire , Wisconsin , North Dakota , South Dakota , Washington , West Virginia , and Pennsylvania . 
 