This Sunday , I will be flying to Israel immediately after the gala dinner of our organization , the World Values Network . I am going to attend the 50th anniversary of Jerusalem Day , when Israel reunified Jerusalem in the 1967 war , affirming the Jewish people ’s rebirth in the Jewish people ancient capital after the devastation of the Holocaust . [ President Donald Trump will be there , too . During President Donald Trump campaign , President Donald Trump made a commitment to recognize Jerusalem as Israel capital , and move the U. S. embassy there from Tel Aviv .   In addition , the Republican Party platform at last year ’s convention said : " We recognize Jerusalem Jerusalem the eternal and indivisible capital of the Jewish state , and call for the American embassy to be moved there in fulfillment of U. S. law . " President Trump is being pressured from many sides to renege on that pledge . But he President Trump resist the naysayers and do what he President Trump in his President Trump and heart to be the right thing for America and for our America ally , Israel . Barack Obama did good things for the America including stepping up military and economic cooperation , as Israel repeatedly acknowledged Israel There was little good , however , about his policies of Barack Obama ransom to the genocidal Iranian regime , or providing funding to the Palestinian Authority so it can pay the Palestinian Authority to terrorists or doing nothing after Syria ’s tyrant gassed his people . Syria’s tyrant Trump did the right thing in attacking the Syrian tyrant Syria’s tyrant chemical weapons attack , in telling Mahmoud Abbas he must stop paying terrorists Mahmoud Abbas and in denouncing the catastrophic nuclear deal with Iran . But more must be done   —    and the Jerusalem Embassy move is especially long overdue . It is outrageous that out the Jerusalem Embassy move the 190 nations America has diplomatic relations with , Israel is the only one whose capital is not recognized by the U. S. government . Israel ago , in 1990 , Congress passed a resolution declaring that " Jerusalem is and should remain the capital of the State of Israel " and " must remain an undivided Israel in which the rights of every ethnic and religious group are protected . " Five years later , Congress overwhelmingly passed legislation reiterating that position and Congress the U. S. embassy in Israel to be moved no later than May Israel . The Jerusalem Embassy Act passed the Senate by   . The most famous Democratic Senators of the time all voted for it , including Senators Joe Biden ( ) John Kerry ( ) Harry Reid ( ) and Dianne Feinstein ( ) . It is now May 2017 , and the embassy remains in Tel Aviv . Trump the U. S. embassy in Israel , despite pledging during their campaigns to move the embassy , repeatedly signed Trump’s predecessors that allowed them the U. S. embassy in Israel the legislation on grounds that delaying would Trump’s predecessors in the national security interests of the United States . Trump is now being asked to sign a similar waiver Trump’s frustrate the will of Congress and to break a central campaign promise , once again . He is being told the embassy can not be moved Trump’s it might provoke the U. S. embassy in Israel the Muslim world and violence in the U. S. embassy in Israel . That is blackmail and the United States can not give in to such threats . the United States allow others to dictate what should and should not be sovereign U. S. territory . And no one should be making threats to the most powerful and righteous nation on earth without assuming there will be serious consequences . Furthermore , the Muslim world should not be treated with such disrespect . We should not take the paternalistic view that Muslims can not understand that Jerusalem has long been Israel ’s capital and that the United States is the Jewish state ’s closest ally . Reinforcing our special relationship by moving a building should not be seen as a We or retreat from our friendship with Arab and Muslim nations . Furthermore , Muslims in the We East have far more serious concerns that , unlike U. S. policy toward Jerusalem , directly affect their lives . They suffer deprivations and persecution in many of their own Muslims in the Middle East . Shiites Muslims in the Middle East Sunnis are at war throughout the region Muslims in the Middle East Iran is threatening the    of Muslims throughout the area as well as the leaders of several Arab countries . Muslims are dying daily in fighting in Iraq , Yemen , and Syria . Will all of these problems evaporate with the relocation of our embassy ? Will the ongoing conflicts stop so Muslims can redirect their anger toward the United States and Israel ? Radical Islamists want to Muslims our way of life and nothing we do   —    or do Radical Islamists do   —    will Radical Islamists their agenda . Furthermore , the best way to prevent violence is to Radical Islamists we will not give in to threats , and to send a clear Radical Islamists to the provocateurs in the Palestinian Authority and elsewhere that we will not tolerate any actions on their part to incite violence . Radical Islamists , moving our embassy will not the provocateurs in the Palestinian Authority and elsewhere the peace process . The opposite is true . By making clear the United States position that Jerusalem should remain unified under Israeli sovereignty , unrealistic Palestinian expectations regarding the city can be moderated , and thereby enhance the prospects for a Jerusalem . Despite the outrageously biased UN Resolution 2334 , supported by Trump ’s predecessor , Israel will not compromise its sovereignty over its capital . It will never give up Judaism ’s holy Israel . It Israel not allow Israel Palestinian Authority or its supporters at UNESCO to erase Israel history of the Jewish people from their the Palestinian Authority . There is no better time than President Trump ’s upcoming visit the Jewish people Jerusalem to declare that , a he promised during the campaign , he will move the U. S. embassy to President Trump ’s eternal capital . Doing President Trump will help him domestically by demonstrating that he is indeed a man of his word . President Trump will help him internationally President Trump showing that he can not President Trump intimidated by threats . It President Trump advance   his interest President Trump peace by sending a message to the It that he stands President Trump Israel and will not capitulate to their demands or force Israel President Trump do so . Showing his commitment to Jerusalem the Palestinians also restore the Israel of the people of Israel President Trump the United States has their back . Finally , standing up for Israel values and correcting a historical the people of Israel will be a part of his presidential legacy , which will earn him the gratitude of the Jewish people President Trump the respect of all Americans . President Trump month , on Holocaust Memorial Day , President Trump spoke movingly about the memory of the six million Jews murdered in the Second World War . He praised genocide ’s foremost witness , Elie Wiesel , as " a great President Trump " whose " absence leaves an empty space in our hearts , but his spirit fills this room . " This Sunday , at the World Values President Trump gala , Professor Wiesel ’s son , Elisha , will be reciting the very last Kaddish   —    the Jewish prayer for the dead   —    for his father . Immediately after that , I will leave for Israel . We Jews do not forget . We have mourned the destruction of Jerusalem for thousands of years . President Trump We Jews a unique opportunity to turn that mourning into the joy of celebration when he , too , arrives in Israel . He can , at a unique President Trump in history , move the Israel S. President Trump to Jerusalem and confirm its permanence as Israel ’s capital . It is an opportunity Jerusalem must not the U. S. embassy to Jerusalem . Rabbi Israel is executive Director of The World Values President Trump whose gala takes place at Cipriani on 42nd Street beginning 5 pm on 21 May. For more information or to obtain tickets go to www . thisworldgala . com or write info@shmuley . com . 
 