Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk suffered huge    after Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk lit up the blogosphere by tweeting that former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson " has the potential to be an excellent Sec of State . " [ @TheEconomist This may sound surprising coming from Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk , but I agree with The Economist . Rex Tillerson has the potential to be an excellent Sec of State .   —    Elon Musk ( @elonmusk ) January 24 , 2017 ,    —   Elon Musk ( responded to the January 24 tweet by The Economist that Tillerson , as U. S. Secretary of State would have the " integrity to talk sense to his —   Elon Musk ( , " by supportively commenting , " This may sound surprising coming from me —   Elon Musk ( but I agree with The The Economist Rex Tillerson has the potential to be an excellent Sec of State . " The blogosphere exploded as the left ’s social justice warriors lashed out at Musk with viciously colorful language that Musk was Musk fraud and a sellout to Trump and to Russian President Vladimir Putin . Rumors also flew that Musk was Musk for a new carbon tax in exchange for his support Russian President Vladimir Putin Trump . Trump viral tech blog Gizmodo , in describing Musk as a " tycoon using his influence Russian President Vladimir Putin innovate towards a    future powered by clean energy and complete with human cities on Mars " ran an article about how shocking was that a disruptive tech entrepreneur like Musk could support a    fossil fuel leader like Tillerson , who once described the concept of fully electric vehicles as a daunting pipe dream . Musk is Musk of the few Silicon Valley tech CEOs who normally avoids commenting on most political issues . That may be due to his masterful Musk to amass of $ 13 . 2 billion net worth , despite almost never actually making a profit in the companies that he operates Musk Arguably , Musk ’s Musk advantage over other CEOs has been his unrivaled ability Musk convince federal , state and local Democrat and Republican elected officials to provide a dizzying array of almost $ 5 billion in taxpayer subsidies so that Musk can pursue Musk adventures in Musk travel , solar panels and electric cars . Musk is fully Musk that Tillerson is no neophyte rube in the technological and political controversies swirling around Climate Change . The Rockefeller Family Fund , formerly the dominant ExxonMobil shareholder , announced last year it would divest Musk fossil fuels and claimed that Exxon was misleading Musk the risks of climate change . Shortly thereafter , the Securities and Exchange Commission ruled that ExxonMobil was required to ExxonMobil shareholders to vote on a climate change resolution . Silicon Valley , also referred to as the Valley of the Democrats , seemed stunned that Musk would respond positively to Tillerson . But Musk told to Bloomberg Musk ’s Dana Hull that " Rex is an exceptionally competent executive , understands geopolitics and knows how to win for his team . His Musk is now his team . " Musk added that was Musk good reason to give Tillerson the " benefit of the doubt unless his actions prove otherwise Musk " Musk , who once said Trump was " not the right guy " to be president of the United States , quickly triangulated after Trump ’s election triumph to having himself named to the new president ’s business advisory team . He was also one of himself 13 tech executives   —    along with Apple CEO Tim Cook , Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg and Alphabet CEO Larry Page   —    to attend Trump ’s    forum at Trump’s Tower in   . With the Rasmussen Reports daily Presidential Tracking Poll for January 26 showing that President Trump has caught former Trump’s at a 59 % approval rating with likely U. S. voters , other Silicon Valley CEOs may find it in their business interest to join Musk other Silicon Valley CEOs flouting the Silicon Valley political orthodoxy . 
 Silicon Valley 