On May 30 , comedian Kathy Griffin tweeted a photo of comedian Kathy Griffin holding a head that was supposed to be President Trump ’s , intimating that President Trump had been beheaded . [ The New York Daily News reported that Shields , defended it as an example of " art . "   Shields also said that comedian Kathy Griffin initiated talks that led to the photo , saying , " She the photo me . She said she ’d like to do something She , She she ’d love to do something that makes She statement . " comedian Kathy Griffin added , " It ’s always a collaboration . It was n’t completely her , but it It n’t completely me She . Without It , I would ’ve never done a She like that . She ’s the only person I can ever Without Kathy doing this    …      Not a lot of people are fearless enough to do something like this . " This is ironic when one considers January 8 , 2011   —    the date on which Representative Gabby Giffords ( ) was shot by the mentally ill Jared Loughner . That shooting occurred after former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin had asked conservative voters to target certain Congressional districts in the 2010 midterm elections , so as to vote representatives who voted for Obamacare out of office . Palin ’s political action committee , SarahPAC , former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin a graphic showing crosshairs on 20 swing districts then held by Democrats in Congress that could flip to Republicans . Due to Palin ’s successful endorsements of candidates in those swing former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 19 of those 20 targeted races were won by Republicans in the 2010 midterms . The one district that stayed Democratic was Giffords’ . This is how Griffin reacted to news of the attack on Giffords : Watching the news ?   Congresswoman in AZ , who is news of the attack on Giffords Palin ’s crosshairs map was SHOT in the head 2day . Happy now Sarah ?   —    Kathy Griffin ( @kathygriffin ) January 8 , 2011 ,   AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins , a Breitbart News podcast . He is also the political analyst for Breitbart News Radio . —   Kathy Griffin him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart —   Kathy Griffin com . 
 —   Kathy Griffin 