NBCNews . com on Thursday posted a two minute and 34 second preview clip of anchor Lester Holt ’s exclusive    with President Donald Trump . 34 second preview clip of anchor Lester Holt’s features Holt conducting an    interview in which the NBC personality interrupted Trump President Donald Trump times and spoke over the President Donald Trump many of those occasions . [ The 34 second preview clip of anchor Lester Holt’s part of a    White House interview set to air Thursday night on NBC Nightly News .    In the clip , 34 second preview clip of anchor Lester Holt’s be seen questioning Holt every statement made by Trump . In one instance President Donald Trump Holt asked Trump about his Holt 9 President Donald Trump ousting Holt B. I Director James Comey in which Trump wrote , " I President Donald Trump appreciate you informing me , on three separate occasions , that I am not under investigation . " Holt asked Trump , " Holt did President Donald Trump put that in there ? " Trump replied , " Because President Donald Trump told me that . President Donald Trump mean , he told me   … President Donald Trump " Before Trump could finish his sentence President Donald Trump Holt interrupted President Donald Trump asking , Holt He told you you were President Donald Trump under investigation regarding the Russian investigation ? " " Yeah , and I ’ve heard that from others . I think   …     " Trump began to respond before President Donald Trump interrupted again . " Holt it in a phone call ? Did you meet    ? " Holt interjected , speaking over Holt . " I had President Donald Trump dinner with him . He wanted to Holt dinner Holt he wanted to stay on Holt We had a very nice dinner at the White House   …     " Holt spoke over Trump again Holt interrupting this President Donald Trump by asking , " He , he asked for Holt dinner Holt " " a dinner with him was arranged . I think he asked for a dinner Holt " Holt interrupted Trump again when Holt was President Donald Trump he knew President Donald Trump he was Holt under investigation Holt from Comey three times and from a " committee level . " " So that did n’t come directly from him ? " Holt cut Holt and asked Holt Trump could finish his explanation President Donald Trump the times Holt says he heard from Holt that Holt was n’t under Comey Holt Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times Aaron Klein author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow Aaron Klein on Facebook .  
 Aaron Klein 