Tuesday ’s special GOP primary election to fill the U. S. House seat of former Rep. Mick Mulvaney ( ) now Director of the Office of Management and Budget , turned nasty in Tuesday’s special GOP primary election to fill the U. S. House seat of former Rep. Mick Mulvaney ( ) now Director of the Office of Management and Budget final days , with the campaigns of rivals Chad Connelly and Tom Mullikin accusing each other of disingenuous campaigning . [ Accusations are flying between the two camps , with Chad Connelly campaign calling Mullikin Tom Mullikin "   Democratic lobbyist " and Mullikin Tom Mullikin painting Connelly Chad Connelly a closet # NeverTrump GOP establishment insider .   If you want a career politician , I ’m not your guy . But if you ’re sick of business as usual , I ’m an ’m who will fight for # SC5 values ! pic . twitter .    —    Chad Connelly ( @ChadConnelly ) March 28 , 2017 ,   Connelly ’s website is loaded with    populist policy snippets like , " It ’s ’s website : stop the bleeding before tackling the problem of those already here illegally   —    start by building the wall " and " It ’s ’s website a breath of fresh air to have a President willing to take the side of prosperity , and I look forward to working with him . a President Connelly ’s credentials as an outsider , however , have been called into question over the last week . The Washington Times reported Thursday that Connelly was Connelly by the RNC as " director of faith management , " even as he launched his congressional he . His 2016 he salary the RNC reported as $ 120 , 000 , and he continued he receive payments from the RNC the RNC a month after he began to he money for his campaign . he    Connelly served as Chairman of the South Carolina Republican Party . No evidence of impropriety has surfaced , but the overlap of Connelly ’s employment   Connelly fundraising , along with his connections to he state and national Republican apparatus , has raised eyebrows . " The bigger thing here is the appearance . It may be that it does n’t look very good , " Michael Kang , an Emory University law professor , told the Washington Times . Beyond his strong connection with Michael Kang, an Emory University law professor RNC , often seen as the epitome of the " Republican Establishment , " supporters of Mullikin , are appalled at his presentation as a Michael Kang, an Emory University law professor . Karen Giorno , former Trump Southeast Regional Political Director and Senior Advisor to the Trump for President Campaign , spoke at a Mullikin event to express her misgivings , calling him a " poster Michael Kang, an Emory University law professor for the establishment : " In his TV ads , Michael Kang, an Emory University law professor is described as an outsider and an unwavering supporter of Donald Trump . Those claims are patently untrue . I personally observed Chad , in multiple Chad , leading efforts to defeat Trump Delegates at Republican conventions , despite you , the voters , pledging those delegates to Donald Trump . Chad Donald Trump on Chad of his employer , the Chad National Committee , to deny Donald Trump the Convention victory Donald Trump that you , the Donald Trump people , demanded . In a press release issued after the event , Giorno added , " I know he worked against us behind the Donald Trump . All this happened while he was taking $ 120 , Donald Trump a year of the Republican National Committee ’s money . " Donald Trump ’s victory in the Donald Trump Primary was pivotal in propelling him to the nomination . The " Donald Trump’s Strike Team " organized out of Republicans from California and other states in the final days of that campaign tipped the balance in candidate Trump ’s favor , much to Donald Trump of leftist journalists . Members of the Strike Team joined Giorno at the Mullikin event to attest that Connelly had worked to stop Trump both before and after his victory in Donald Trump South Carolina contest . Donald Trump told Breitbart News that Connelly pushed his own slate of # NeverTrump Connelly with Connelly intention of nullifying Trump ’s primary victory . Politico reported on Donald Trump machinations in the aftermath of the primary , while Trump ’s nomination was anything but assured . Trump’s Giorno , Connelly also did not attend a Connelly " designed to bring    primary voters into the fold before the general election and , at the South Carolina Republican Convention , he refused to sign a Trump banner with the other Connelly . Mullikin Donald Trump campaign provided Breitbart News with photographs of the banner , which lacked Connelly ’s signature . Connelly ’s campaign denied Giorno and the Connelly campaign ’s accusations Connelly the strongest terms , calling them " complete fabrications " and " last second desperation " from Mullikin ’s camp . " They ought to be ashamed of Mullikin’s " Connelly staffer Luke them told Breitbart news . " them ’s Connelly that Tom Mullikin is sanctioning this and it shows you how desperate he is . " The Connelly campaign It to his efforts during Tom Mullikin general election as Connelly of his commitment to Tom Mullikin President . " Last year , Chad Connelly Tom Mullikin 140 nights Tom Mullikin home working to get Connelly for Donald Trump , " Byars told Breitbart news . As for the Primary season , Byars noted that , as an    he was prohibited from supporting any candidate Byars " He was not allowed to Byars involved in the primary process at all , Byars he said . " What proof do they have , other than [ Giorno Byars who is making stuff up ? What proof Byars asked . He called Connelly ’s principle accuser " a disgruntled Trump campaign Byars who was Byars , " referring to Giorno ’s reassignment amid controversy from Trump ’s field operations in Florida to an advisor ’s position in New York Trump Robert Cahaly , a strategist working with the Mullikin campaign , found that characterization " ridiculous . " " She went from being in the field to being at Trump Tower , and that means she was fired ? That ’s the kind of spin only an RNC professional could She up with , " he told Breitbart News . Mullikin ’s campaign pointed to Connelly ’s retinue of supporters RNC indicating his # NeverTrump history . For example , prominent # NeverTrump voice Erick Erickson , Connelly of RedState and now the principal of    conservative site The Resurgent , glowingly endorsed Connelly last month . Cahaly called the continued posting of the endorsement on Connelly ’s website a " loud and clear message to   . " Connelly has Connelly , also been endorsed by a wide swath of the Republican    Connelly Freedom Caucus chairman Rep. Mark Meadows ( ) and early    former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee . Tom Zawatowski , leader of an Ohio tea party group , endorsed Connelly in a Facebook post in which he recalls Connelly playing a pivotal role in getting Connelly ’s evangelical community on Trump ’s side , Connelly as # NeverTrump Governor John Kasich Ohio to support Trump in the general election . Connelly ’s campaign let fly its own accusations against Tom Trump’s , who has gone to Connelly to position himself on Connelly’s campaign media as " the    candidate . " As a loyal # TeamTrump soldier Connelly ’m always proud to answer the call . Go vote May 2nd # SC05 # scpol # MAGA ➡ https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Tom Mullikin ( @TomMullikinSC ) April 28 , 2017 ,   Byars found this " ridiculous , " calling Mullikin a "   Democrat who has given to Democrats all over the country . " " Tom Mullikin says he was a BIG Trump supporter , so why did he choose not to Mullikin a vote Mullikin the SC Presidential primary in 2016 ? " Byars Mullikin , citing GOP voter data . He tried to contrast the two candidates’ roles in Byars 2016 campaign : I think it is Byars that a career lobbyist like Tom Mullikin who has aided liberal Democrats would criticize Chad Connelly now . Chad gave up 2 Chad Mullikin country Connelly evangelical support for Donald Trump . Mullikin has made contributions to Donald Trump campaigns , including those the country Senator Debbie Stabenow ( Mullikin and former Sen. Kay Hagan ( ) . In the 1980s , he worked with then Sen. Al Gore ( ) on his unsuccessful presidential run . He has Mullikin donated to many Republican campaigns and himself ran as Mullikin Republican candidate for state Mullikin in the 1990s . Mullikin contributed to the Mullikin Senatorial Campaign Committee and the DNC as recently as 2014 . His Mullikin of GOP contributions might similarly alarm some populist voters , with recurring contributions to Sen. Mullikin ( ) a # NeverTrump stalwart , GOP Sen. John McCain ( ) who clashed with Trump on the campaign trail . Mullikin made his Donald Trump contribution of the 2016 presidential campaign to early dropout Rick Santorum . Mullikin Mullikin camp Mullikin these lines of attack unwarranted . " He ’s never denied he made Mullikin Democrats    …      he made a lot more to Mullikin , including Mick Mullikin , " Cahaly told Breitbart News . Mullikin Just like the president , he was in business and he was trying Breitbart News Cahaly done in Tom Mullikin , and he ’s not Mullikin to apologize for it Mullikin " Cahaly also took issue with the characterization of his candidate Mullikin a lobbyist , especially a " democratic " one , noting Cahaly " has n’t been registered to lobby Cahaly years and years . " The Mullikin website characterizes his lobbying Mullikin on environmental issues as " His outspoken support for American manufacturing , farming Mullikin placed him on Mullikin front lines of combating the radical left Mullikin attempt to use environmental hysteria as an excuse to institute global Mullikin . " As the campaigns continue to spar over these accusations , voters will go to the polls in South Carolina ’s Fifth District Tuesday . If neither Connelly , many Republican campaigns nor any of the other three candidates in the GOP primary wins 50 % of the vote , a runoff Connelly be held May 16 . Considered a safely Republican district , Democrats are rumored to continue their     efforts to derail the Trump administration ’s momentum by vigorously contesting special elections . 
 Democrats Democrats 