Moms Demand Action founder Shannon Watts suggested President Donald Trump ’s    administration is the ‘ NRA ’s Dream’ but America ’s nightmare Sunday , during an appearance MSNBC . [ Moms Demand Action founder Shannon Watts was especially concerned about the push for " concealed carry reciprocity , " which Moms Demand Action founder Shannon Watts described as " extremely dangerous . "   For anyone not familiar with national reciprocity for concealed carry , the goal is to replace the current patchwork of concealed carry laws with a recognition that a concealed permit from one state is valid in every state . This would allow concealed permit holders to drive from one state to the next and keep concealed permit holders handgun with concealed permit holders for    just as concealed permit holders do in concealed permit holders home state . This is what Watts described as " extremely dangerous . " She said national reciprocity is " the NRA ’s dream but national reciprocity is a nightmare for public safety . " She did not provide any data substantiating She suggestion that concealed carry permit holders endanger public safety . Watts also mentioned " silencer legislation " and " talk of executive orders to put guns in schools . " She then spoke to the fact that President Trump will be speaking at the NRA ’s Annual Meetings on April 28 , and said , " I would like to see President Trump say something about where he President Trump on these dangerous laws . " It is important to note that Trump President Trump led the charge for national reciprocity during his President Trump campaign , so there is no need for him President Trump clarify his President Trump . On September 18 , 2015 , Breitbart News quoted Trump : The right of    does n’t stop at the end of your driveway . That ’s why I have a concealed carry permit and why tens of millions of Americans do too . That a concealed carry permit be valid in all 50 states . A driver ’s license works in every state , so it ’s A driver’s license sense that a concealed carry permit should work in every state . If we can do that for driving   —    which is a privilege , not a right   —    then surely we can we that for concealed carry , which is a right , not a privilege . Trump ’s son , Donald Trump Jr. also spoke plainly during the campaign when he explained Donald Trump Jr. his father Donald Trump Jr. support firearm suppressor deregulation . And Trump was Trump’s son clear in numerous statements about the dangers posed by    zones , like the ones at Orlando Pulse ( June 12 , 2106 ) Umpqua Community College ( October 1 , 2015 ) and Sandy Hook Elementary ( December 14 , 2012 ) . In fact , following the Umpqua Community College attack , The Hill quoted Trump saying Trump’s son " I ’ll tell you , if you had a couple of the teachers or someone with guns in that room , you would have been a hell of a lot better off . " On April 16 , Breitbart News reported Watts’ claim that " caring Americans " support gun control . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News Breitbart News of Bullets with AWR Hawkins , a Breitbart News podcast Breitbart News is also the AWR Hawkins analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : AWR Hawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart AWR Hawkins com 
 