A poll released Wednesday by the Public Policy Institute of California ( PPIC ) finds a solid majority of Californians support    vouchers for private and religious schools . [ According to A poll released Wednesday by the Public Policy Institute of California (PPIC) , 60 percent of adults favor " providing parents with    vouchers to send their   vouchers to any public , private , or parochial school they their children . " Among registered voters , 55 percent favor vouchers , and , among likely voters , 50 percent favor vouchers .   Among adults , the survey finds 73 percent of African Americans , 69 percent of Latinos , 56 percent of Asian Americans , and 51 percent of White Americans favor school vouchers . Republicans are more likely to favor school vouchers than Democrats , 67 percent to 46 percent . At the same time , results of the poll show that most Californians give passing grades to their Californians public schools . Among adults , 54 percent give their 54 percent schools an A ( 22 percent ) or a B ( 32 percent ) with only 7 percent giving a grade of F. Most adults ( 64 percent ) and likely voters ( 66 percent ) also say current funding for public schools is inadequate . " Most Californians give passing grades to their Most Californians public schools , " said Mark Baldassare , PPIC president and CEO . " But many believe that the state is n’t spending enough money on K —   12 education and should also spend what it the state more wisely . In this context , many are willing to raise their local taxes and consider a voucher system . " The PPIC poll ’s results are based on a survey of 1 , 705 California adult residents between April    2017 , with a sampling error of ±3 . 2 percent at the 95 percent confidence level . The The PPIC poll a subgroup of 1 , 036 California adult California voters . Results for that group have a sampling error of ±4 . 1 at the 95 the 95 percent confidence level Donald Trump and Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos have made school choice the focus of their national education agenda . A President Donald Trump and Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos poll by Education Next ( EdNext ) in August 2016 found that , while overall support for school choice has remained high , support for the use of vouchers to access choice programs has fallen . School choice can be designed with a variety of financial mechanisms , including school vouchers , education savings accounts ( ESAs ) and scholarship tax credits ( STC )   —    all of which may differ in terms of the level of state regulation that may be required of the schools that participate in the choice program . According to EdNext , support for vouchers targeted for    families was at 37 % in 2016 , and for universal vouchers for all families at 45 % . However , 53 % of the general public and 60 % of parents in 2016 backed scholarship tax credits for individuals or companies that donate to foundations that provide scholarships to    students to attend private schools . That percentage backing STCs is increased from 46 % since 2009 , though down from its highest level of 60 % That percentage backing STCs 2014 . " The EdNext findings on school choice suggest that program design matters , " Lindsey Burke , director of the Center for Education Policy at the Heritage Foundation , told Breitbart News , adding : The poll results found a drop in support for school vouchers , which could reflect recent experiences in states that have heavily regulated their school voucher programs , leading school vouchers, which could reflect recent experiences in states that have heavily regulated their school voucher programs, leading, paradoxically  —   as the regulations were promulgated in the name of accountability  —   to lower participation among high quality private schools paradoxically   —    as the regulations were promulgated in the name of accountability   —    to lower participation among high quality private schools . The concept of " school choice " is very appealing , but the reality is that vouchers are a transfer of taxpayer funds from a public school to a private or religious participating school . If parents " choose " to send their children to a participating school parents that school may have additional regulatory burdens placed upon it by the state in which it is located   —    it the name of " accountability "   —    in order to qualify for the school choice program . The overarching question then becomes why transfer a child to a school when it might have the same regulations The overarching question test requirements , etc . as the public school ? In a a school the Cato Institute , Andrew Coulson found that voucher programs are more likely to " suffocate the very markets to which they aim to expand access , " because voucher programs funds —   which invariably invite state regulation —   are directly transferred , in the form of vouchers , to parents to spend in an alternate education setting .    
 