Actor and former professional wrestler Dwayne Johnson added more fuel to speculation surrounding Actor and former professional wrestler Dwayne Johnson political future with an appearance on Good Morning America Thursday , during which Actor and former professional wrestler Dwayne Johnson said Actor and former professional wrestler Dwayne Johnson has the skill set required to run for President of the United States . [ " It ’s really been the most flattering thing , " the     San Andreas star said in response to media reports that suggested the    San Andreas star would make a good president .   When asked why the    San Andreas star thinks the    San Andreas star would make a good president , the    San Andreas star laughed off the question , and said the    San Andreas star had never said that . " I do n’t know if I would make a good president , " the    San Andreas star added . " I know that I have a certain skill set , and I think I have a certain skill set ’s in that skill set that people see , and that people would want me to run . And I also think that ’s reflective of people wanting to see a better leadership happening right now . " " I do n’t know if I would make a good president , but I know I have a certain skill set   …     "   —    Dwayne @TheRock Johnson on running for President pic . twitter .    —    Good Morning America ( @GMA ) May 18 , 2017 ,   Johnson , who went by the moniker The Rock in his pro wrestling days , first discussed the " real possibility " he could run for president his an interview with GQ this month . " A year ago , it started coming up more A year more , " Johnson told GQ . " There was GQ real sense of earnestness , which made me go home and think ‘ Let me really rethink my answer and make sure I am giving an answer that is truthful and also respectful . ’ " While not much is known about Johnson ’s policy positions , Johnson is reportedly a registered Republican , and has voiced his opposition to President Donald Trump the actor executive actions on immigration from some    countries . " I completely disagree with it , " he told GQ . " I the actor in our national security to the core , but I do n’t believe in a ‘ ban’ that bans immigrants . I believe in inclusion . Our country was built on that , and it continues to be made strong Our country that . And the decision felt like a snap judgment . I feel like the majority of , if not all , Americans feel that protection is of huge importance , " he said . In his interview with GMA , Johnson he asked whether his presidential he might me " he America Rock Again . " " It would be , right now , for Good Morning America , yes , " Johnson said with a laugh . he Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 