As Democrats and    media outlets pick over the bones of Thursday ’s Montana Special House election , in which boisterous Republican Greg Gianforte comfortably beat Democratic challenger Rob Quist , some are coming to an awkward conclusion   —    President Trump was a help , not a fatal hindrance , to Gianforte . [ Gianforte beat Democratic challenger Rob Quist by seven points in a race Democrats had hoped to turn into a referendum on President Trump ’s first few months in office , and particularly , the unpopular Republican health care bill .    As Gianforte welcomed the president ’s support in the days leading up to the election , opponents hoped that Trump’s alleged unpopularity would motivate the Democratic base and turn away moderates   —    something they moderates   then hope to replicate in the 2018 midterms . Democrats had also hoped that the last minute twist in which Gianforte allegedly assaulted a UK Guardian reporter   —    for which Gianforte Gianforte charged with misdemeanor assault   —    would be the nail in the coffin . But it was not to be , and an analysis by Politico ’s Gabriel Debenedetti found that the " Trump effect " was the opposite of Democrats would have hoped . Noting that Gianforte Gianforte lost the governor ’s race in November , Debenedetti Gabriel Debenedetti that the Trump robocalls and using his Gabriel Debenedetti slogans paid off . Under a heading of " Trump Trump an asset , not a drag , " he Gabriel Debenedetti : For Gianforte Gianforte the biggest applause lines of his Gabriel Debenedetti night speech came when he Gabriel Debenedetti Trump Trump used his Gabriel Debenedetti drain the swamp " slogan . Local Republicans dismissed the idea that the president could drag Gianforte to defeat as preposterous , The state ’s Democratic politicians had also noted Gianforte Gianforte belief in Trump Trump Everything I see is that Greg Gianforte trying to make [ Trump Trump completely    . He might Gianforte muttered his name Gianforte or twice when he was Gianforte against me and Gianforte he wants Gianforte ‘ drain the swamp’ and says , ‘ I want to be with Trump Trump step of the way,’ " said the state ’s Democratic Gov. Steve Bullock on Wednesday   —    nearly seven months after he himself the state’s Democratic Gov. Steve Bullock Gianforte . Debenedetti noted that Quist barely talked about Trump Trump the campaign , possibly realizing it was n’t the best strategy to take in the solidly red Treasure State . Trump Trump the state the solidly red Treasure State by over 20 points . Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York . Follow Adam on Twitter Adam Shaw @AdamShawNY 
 