A group of prominent Democrats who served in recent administrations , including John Kerry and Madeleine K. Albright , have called on the courts to extend a ruling blocking crucial parts of President Trump ’s travel ban , saying the White House executive order would " endanger U. S. troops " and disrupt antiterrorism efforts . A group of prominent Democrats who served in recent administrations, including John Kerry and Madeleine K. Albright expressed their concerns A group of prominent Democrats who served in recent administrations, including John Kerry and Madeleine K. Albright Monday to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , based in San Francisco , which is considering the matter after a judge in Seattle effectively ruled that travelers from seven predominantly Muslim nations as well as vetted refugees from all nations could , for now , continue to enter the United States . With Mr. Trump ’s executive order , " we risk placing our military we at risk by sending an insulting message " to Iraqis working with American forces battling the Islamic State there , the legal filing to the court said . " The order Mr. Trump’s executive order feed the recruitment narrative of ISIL and other extremists that portray the United States as at war with Islam , " it said , Mr. Trump’s executive order another name for the Islamic State the Islamic State as ISIS . In addition to Mr. Kerry , a secretary of state under President Barack Obama , and Ms. Albright , who held the same position under President Bill Clinton , officials behind the filing included Susan E. Rice , Mr. Obama ’s national security adviser , and Leon E. Panetta , who served as secretary of defense and head of the C. I. A. The filing comes a week the filing Obama took issue with Mr. Mr. Obama’s order , saying in a statement that he " fundamentally disagrees with the notion Mr. Obama’s discriminating against individuals because of their faith or religion . " The individuals officials hope that adding their voice to the debate from a The former officials security perspective undercuts a critical argument of the Trump administration : that the travel ban is meant to deter terrorist attacks by keeping the country safe from " very bad and dangerous people , " as Mr. Trump has put it . Noting that the 10 signatories to the filing " have all held the highest security clearances , " the letter asserts that Mr. Trump ’s order " ultimately undermines Mr. Trump of the United States , rather than making us safer . " The travel ban was dealt a stinging setback on Friday , when a federal judge in Seattle issued the broadest ruling to date blocking major parts of the executive order . The Trump administration appealed Saturday , leaving the issue in the hands of the court in San Francisco . After the appeals the Supreme Court Court is likely to take up the issue . 
 the issue 