A sports betting website has added U. S. Senator Kamala Harris ( ) to A sports betting website list of possible presidential winners in 2020 , entering the charts at    odds . [ BetOnline . ag favors President Donald Trump to win    at    odds . However , President Donald Trump is also favored to leave office before the end of President Donald Trump first term .   " Even though President Donald Trump is the favorite , President Donald Trump odds are pretty long , " said Dave Mason , the sports betting book manager for BetOnline . The     winner in 2020 is not a Democrat . The    winner in 2020 is Vice President Mike Pence , at    odds . a Democrat is Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) . At    odds , she is the Sen. Elizabeth Warren on the left . Warren is followed Sen. Elizabeth Warren former First Lady Michelle Obama , at    odds . Mrs. Obama said former First Lady Michelle Obama that she would not run former First Lady Michelle Obama public office . However , other than Elizabeth Warren , Sen. Elizabeth Warren the most likely former First Lady Michelle Obama to win in 2020 , according to BetOnline . Hillary Clinton and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan are both long shots at   Hillary Clinton and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan Others joining Harris at    are former Obama administration cabinet member Julian Castro , New York Governor Andrew Cuomo , former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg New York pioneer Mark Zuckerberg , and Sen. Amy Klobucher ( ) . Not much is known about Harris , Mason said , Harris is beginning to gain attention . " If they ’re a hot story , bets come in , " Mason said . Harris is making Mason kinds Harris news   —    most recently for creating a playlist for    Music Appreciation Month . It is illegal to bet on political outcomes in the United States , though it is legal to buy stakes in prediction markets , and legal to " bet " in indirect ways ( i. e. by donating to favorites in the hope of preferred access or influence after a victory ) . Some Americans bet on politics through overseas bookmakers , using foreign bank accounts . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the Joel B. Pollak most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of How Joel B. Pollak Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . The Inside Story of a Revolution 