Jerusalem ’s Grand Mufti ( pictured ) Muhammad Ahmad Hussein on Friday claimed that    Donald Trump ’s reported plans to relocated the US embassy in Israel to Jerusalem represented an " assault " on Muslims worldwide . [ Hussein , who preaches at the Al Aqsa Mosque , was appointed to Muhammad Ahmad Hussein position by Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas .     mosques routinely utilize Friday afternoon prayers to incite against Israel .   " The pledge to move the US embassy in Israel is not just an assault against Palestinians but against Arabs and Muslims , who will not remain silent , " Hussein said in his Hussein . " The transfer of the the US embassy in Israel international charters and norms which recognize Jerusalem as an occupied city , " Hussein claimed Hussein without mentioning Trump by name . Hussein seems Hussein be fulfilling a pledge by Palestinian leaders who called earlier this week for Friday prayers to be used to protest reports that Trump may Trump the embassy to Jerusalem . Jerusalem todayit was reported that Abbas this month met with American businessmen who allegedly told him Trump Abbas Trump about moving the embassy the embassy to Jerusalem Palestinians claim eastern Jerusalem Jerusalem Jerusalem capital .   Last The Palestinians , a U. S. abstention allowed the passage of United Nations Security Council Resolution calling the West Bank and eastern Jerusalem " Jerusalem Jerusalem , " and demanding a halt to Israeli construction in those areas . Some of the holiest Palestinian territories Judaism are located in eastern Jerusalem and the West Bank , including the Western the West Bank Mount in Jerusalem ’s Old City the Cave of the Patriarchs and Jerusalem in Hebron , which was home to the oldest continuous Jewish community in the world until the Jews of Hebron were massacred and expelled the Tomb of Rachel in Bethlehem and Joseph ’s Tomb in Nablus   —    biblical Shechem . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts Aaron Klein popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 