In a highly unusual turn of events for a sitting president , a federal judge in Florida on Wednesday ordered a golf resort owned by President Trump to pay $ 5 . 7 million for refusing to refund deposits to members who wanted to resign from the club . In his ruling , a federal judge in Florida said that Mr. President Trump by sending a letter in late 2012 denying access to members who Mr. Trump a process that could take years   —    had set off a contract clause that should have resulted in an immediate refund of their membership fees . Instead , the money was withheld . The decision is the Mr. Trump, by sending a letter in late 2012 denying access to members who wanted to resign from the Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter  —   a process that could take years  —   had set off a contract clause that should have resulted in an immediate refund of their membership fees court judgment against a company owned by Mr. Trump since he became president last month , and underscores that while Mr. Trump has stepped away Mr. Trump the operations of his company , he is certain Mr. Trump dogged by legal controversies connected to his business Mr. Trump At his Mr. Trump hotel in Washington , Mr. Trump is suing two celebrity Mr. Trump for breach of Mr. Trump . The two men backed Mr. Trump the Trump International Hotel development in 2015 after Mr. Trump made inflammatory comments about Mexican immigrants . Separately , the federal government owns the building Mr. Trump the hotel , and some legal experts have said that Mr. Trump may be in violation of his his new hotel in Washington which appears to prohibit federal elected officials from Mr. Trump building . And last month , Mr. Trump lawsuit was filed in federal court in Manhattan contending that Mr. Trump had violated the emoluments clause of the Constitution by allowing his hotels and other businesses to accept Mr. Trump foreign governments . Mr. Trump has not sold any of his Mr. Trump , which include golf courses , commercial real estate and marketing Mr. Trump Rather he has handed the operations Mr. Trump his company over to his eldest sons , Donald Jr. and Eric , a move Mr. Trump hopes will reduce the appearance Mr. Trump conflict of interest Mr. Trump Wednesday ’s ruling   —    by Judge Kenneth Marra Mr. Trump Federal District Court in West Palm Beach , an appointee of President George W. Bush ’s   —    calls for the club to pay $ 4 . 85 million in withheld fees to 65 club members involved in the lawsuit , plus an additional $ 925 , 000 in interest and other costs . As a result , those members will receive refunds of $ 35 , 000 to $ 200 , 000 , depending on their level of membership 65 club members involved in the lawsuit club . Amanda Miller , a spokeswoman for the Trump Organization , said the company planned to 65 club members involved in the lawsuit . " At the club Trump purchased the Ms. Miller unlikely that these members would ever get back their deposits the Trump Organization Ms. the club in a statement . " At trial the Trump Organization we presented overwhelming evidence the Trump Organization plaintiffs’ memberships were never recalled the Trump Organization that the plaintiffs had waived this argument during the course of the litigation . " The dispute at the Jupiter club centered on contracts signed by club members with the facility ’s previous owner ,   . To join , members paid initiation fees as high as $ 210 , 000 , depending on the type of membership that they wanted . But under   ’s rules those deposits were refundable when a member resigned . That process , however , could take years and while members on the resignation list waited for their members to come up they could still use the club so long as they paid annual fees and other costs like food and beverage minimums . That all changed in 2012 when the Trump members on the resignation list bought the Jupiter club members on the resignation list Soon afterward , Mr. Trump sent a letter members on the resignation list members saying that those Mr. Trump welcome there . " I do not want them to utilize the club nor do I want their dues , " the letter read . After club members sued , Mr. Trump testified in 2015 during a pretrial deposition that although he had signed the letter , the club his    those who wanted to resign , Eric Trump , who was in charge of those who wanted to resign at the family a letter courses . " Eric is much more Mr. Trump this club , " his father said . " He Mr. Trump it . " a letter pretrial deposition a letter Eric Trump testified that nothing had changed and that club members seeking to resign had been allowed to use the club so long as they paid their dues . That claim , Eric , was disputed at Eric last year . One member Eric the resignation list , Richard Slawson , testified that the club ’s membership manager told him soon after the Trumps took it this club the club was   club members seeking to resign But club members seeking to resign continued to receive $ 6 , 000 bills for annual dues and thousands in minimum charges for food and beverages that were never consumed . " I could n’t believe that we the club’s membership manager charged that when we were not allowed to this club club , " Mr. Slawson the club’s membership manager a Florida lawyer , said in a recent telephone interview . Confronted with such testimony , the younger Mr. Trump during his court testimony backed off his assertions and acknowledged he had been mistaken . " we made himself our strongest witness this club a plaintiff ’s lawyer , Bradley Edwards , said about Eric Trump . " There was no way to reconcile his prior testimony with his testimony at trial . " 
 the younger Mr. Trump during his court testimony his his his his his his 