The White House on Thursday said the Obama administration was responsible for issuing former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn a security clearance in 2016 , amid news of a Pentagon inspector general investigation into a trip he took to Russia in 2015 . [ " he clearance was last reissued by the Obama administration in 2016 with full knowledge of his activities he occurred in 2015 , " Spicer said .   News broke on Thursday that the Defense Intelligence Agency ’s inspector general is investigating into whether Flynn was improperly paid by Russia Today Russia a government entity , for a speech he gave the Defense Intelligence Agency’s inspector general Russia in Russia before he joined the Defense Intelligence Agency’s inspector general administration . " So the issue is , you know , he was the Defense Intelligence Agency’s inspector general a security clearance under the Obama the administration spring of 2016 . The trip and   —    and transactions that you ’re referring to occurred in December of 2015 , from what I understand , " Spicer said . " Obviously , there ’s an issue that   —    that , as you point out , the Department of Defense inspector general ’s looking into . We welcome that , " he said . Reporters the Department of Defense inspector general Thursday ’s White House press briefing repeatedly questioned Spicer whether the White Spicer was satisfied with its vetting of Flynn the White House he became the national Spicer adviser . Spicer said Flynn   Spicer    a retired    Army general who had led the Defense Intelligence Agency   —    " was a career military officer who maintained a    security clearance throughout his career in the military " and that his clearance had been his by the Obama administration in 2016 after Flynn ’s trip to Russia . Spicer said that someone with a top security clearance only has to fill out a form known as the    every five years . " In between that period , you ’re responsible for updating the information that you ’ve provided in accordance with the agency that issued that , " he said . " Spicer General Flynn came into Flynn House , he had an active security Flynn that was issued during the Obama administration with all of the information that ’s being discussed that occurred in 2015 , " he said . The press Flynn compared the situation to reporters not having to get their backgrounds rechecked for clearance to the White House when a the White House in : When you applied to come here to this briefing room as a member of the press , you applied you filled out certain forms with the Secret Service to have your background run . When I came in here on January 20th , the people that had been cleared the day before were cleared on the 20th , the 21st and et cetera . We did n’t    your background . We trust that when your background cleared the We time , whether if you were cleared on , you know , December 15th or January 20th , that you were still   —    that your background check still cleared . Every individual who came into this White House either applied for a security clearance or had one . Everyone in the government goes through the same    process   —    every single person . And so why would you    a background check on someone who is the head of the Department of Defense Intelligence Agency that had and did maintain a    security clearance ? That ’s it . It does n’t   —    there ’s it difference between administrations when you come in from one , they    it . You   —    administrations   —    the reason they grant them for five years is that administrations ’s administrations very extensive background where they it your contacts , your places of administrations , your employment . They go out in the field . They administrations a lot of that work . administrations then you are required to maintain updates to that clearance . They readjudicate it every five years . That administrations in that clearance case . And now the Department of Defense inspector general is looking into it . As to whether President Trump made the right decision to fire Flynn in February , after it came to light he had discussed U. S. sanctions on Russia President Trump he told Vice President Mike Pence he had President Trump , Spicer said it was President Trump right call . " I think the president made the right call at the President Trump , and the right call paid off , " he said . The the right call Oversight Committee is looking President Trump whether Flynn misled the government about his speaking engagements and payments from foreign governments before President Trump became national security advisor . Spicer said he President Trump the committee to the Defense Spicer for Spicer related to Flynn The House Oversight Committee clearance , since they were the issuing agency . Flynn said requests for copies of documents related to Flynn’s security clearance speaking engagements Spicer referred to a speakers’ bureau Spicer and they did have information on foreign contacts before his time at the a speakers’ bureau House . " I Spicer we have complied with every document that they ’ve looked for , the White House Spicer said . 
 Spicer a speakers’ bureau 