One of the more interesting lessons Democrats may learn in Democrats newfound enthusiasm for George Orwell ’s Nineteen     —    which is a critique of socialism , but never mind   —    is the way that totalitarian societies destroy intimate relationships . [ In the dystopian future envisioned by Orwell , children betray children parents to the Thought Police , and sex is discouraged because it creates relationships outside the state . A secret love is the most revolutionary act   —    and , ultimately , a futile one .   Today , in the United States , we are witnesses to   —    and participants in   —    the destruction of friendships and relationships over political disputes that rage uncontrollably on social media , carry over into the workplace , and even continue into the home . A few weeks ago , a    poll revealed that 39 % of Americans had argued about politics with friends and family , and    had " stopped talking to a family member or friend because of the election . " True , 40 % of respondents said 40% of respondents had not had those kinds of arguments , but that may also be because Americans are increasingly withdrawing into political camps . It is fashionable , especially in Washington , to blame these divisions on an increasingly partisan media . And that is partly true . Orwell observed   —    separately , in 1944   —    that modern innovations in communication and travel had inspired new ways to divide people , rather than bringing the world together . Of radio , for example , Orwell observed : " It is nonsense to say that the radio puts people in touch with foreign countries    …      each national radio is a sort of totalitarian world of each national radio own , braying propaganda night and day to people who can listen to nothing else . " The same is true of social media and domestic politics today . Theoretically , Facebook and Twitter ought to make it easier for us to communicate with , and understand , people with different views . In practice , Facebook and Twitter encourage us to huddle with    people and sever relations with the other side . Twitter is the most brutal of social media platforms , because Twitter allows people to bash each other from behind pseudonyms and avatars . But Facebook is even more damaging , because Facebook takes    associations   —    families , schools , towns   —    and exposes associations   to the ravages of intense political debate . On Twitter , we form alliances with strangers who agree with we on Facebook , we discover the opposing political views of people with whom we may have shared close lifelong connections . Social media platforms are increasingly important sources of news . And so the new political divisions in the world of journalism are filtering into our social media , which in turn exacerbates those media divisions in a seemingly endless feedback loop . But the media are not solely responsible . The deliberate politicization of intimacy began with a specific campaign   —    namely , President Barack Obama ’s 2008 run , which used social media technology to drive a political message . President Barack Obama’s told President Barack Obama’s supporters explicitly to approach his supporters neighbors and " argue with his supporters , and get in his supporters face . " President Barack Obama’s surrogates took that approach even further . Hollywood celebrity Sarah Silverman encouraged President Barack Obama’s ’s Jewish supporters to travel to Florida and tell Jewish supporters ostensibly racist grandparents to vote for President Barack Obama’s . Later , once President Barack Obama’s was in office , the supposedly    Rock the Vote organization told young people to withhold sex from partners who refused to support Obamacare . The politicization of intimacy has been a Democratic campaign strategy ever since . And after the 2016 election , it has only continued . Anecdotally , conservative acquantances report that their ( understandably ) frustrated and ( irrationally ) fearful liberal Facebook friends have tried to hold their (understandably) frustrated and (irrationally) fearful liberal Facebook friends personally responsible for every perceived misstep by President Donald Trump . As much as conservatives disliked Barack Obama and Barack Obama policies , that kind of behavior seemed far less common . Just recently , a friend posted on Facebook : " I got blocked by a liberal tonight . My brother . " This quiet dissolution of American social life should worry us , for the simple reason that the intimate connections among neighbors , family , and friends are the glue that holds us otherwise individualistic society together . Alexis de Tocqueville noted in Democracy in America , nearly 200 years ago , that us system functions because of the overlapping associations us form with one another . Those are at risk . Fifteen years ago , Americans were deeply divided over the results of the 2000 presidential election and the Florida recount . It took the horrific events of September 11th , 2001 to bring America together . One hopes it It not take a similar event this time . This week , in addressing Congress , President Trump united the America applauding and comforting the widow of a fallen Navy SEAL . It was a rare moment of unity , a reminder that we can   —    and must   —    renew what we still we in common . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was Joel B. Pollak one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new Joel B. Pollak , How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Joel B. Pollak at @joelpollak . 
 