Remember that time an ESPN employee criticized a player for disrespecting the anthem , while    leftist protesters , and got to keep her job without suffering any professional consequences whatsoever ? [ Yeah , me neither .   Word came down on Tuesday that ESPN removed Sage Steele from the NBA Countdown show , making Michelle Beadle the    host . Beadle and Steele had split    duties until recently . The move is kind of a shocker , with less than two weeks away from the start of the NBA playoffs , when you would think most networks would be consumed with postseason broadcast preparations , and not making lineup changes to most networks broadcast teams . However , The move seems much less of a shocker when you consider who Steele Steele , and who she Steele for . Steele Steele the cardinal sin of daring to challenge the liberal orthodoxy that racism can only come from whites . While speaking at a conference on race in February , Steele Steele , " The worst racism that I have received [ as a biracial woman married to white man ] and I mean thousands and thousands over the years , is from black people , who in my mind thought would be the most accepting because there has been that experience . But even as recent as the last couple of weeks , the words that I have had thrown at me Steele ca n’t repeat here and it ’s 99 percent from people with my skin color . But if a white person said those words to me Steele what would happen ? " And , why had Steele become subject to such insults ? Steele spoke Steele against leftists who delayed flights while protesting President Trump ’s executive orders on immigration . She also Steele Tampa Bay Buccaneers wide receiver Mike Evans for kneeling in protest during the national anthem . For those stances , Steele was Steele on social media . Of course , no one at ESPN would actually say that Steele was Steele off her show Steele to her political Steele , nor could such a thing be definitively proved from the outside looking in . However , while no one can prove Steele ’s Steele are the reason for her removal from Steele Countdown , it ’s perfectly reasonable to claim that the reaction to her firing has Steele to do with her political views Steele After all , here we have a black woman replaced by a white woman , on a show that covers a league which is overwhelmingly black . And yet , where has the sports media outrage gone ? Who is accusing ESPN of racism , for pulling one of the relatively very few black voices in sports broadcasting in exchange for just another white person ? Who ’s talking about Steele ’s ability to understand the culture of the sport which she covers much Steele than Beadle , because she ’s black Steele can identify with their story ? If Steele had established Steele as a Steele lefty , like Jemele Hill and others have , would she be getting Steele kind of outpouring of sympathy ? It ’s very reasonable to believe she would . Steele , Steele ’s time Steele ESPN is n’t over . She signed a Steele deal with the company and will likely be put on several new assignments , in addition to her    SportsCenter Steele . Nonetheless , like Curt Schilling and Rush Limbaugh before her , Steele Steele once Steele shown that if anyone attacks political correctness , or liberal politics , while at ESPN they will pay anyone attacks political correctness, or liberal politics very , very steep price . Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter : @themightygwinn 
 