A Washington Post reporter is looking for a family of illegal aliens so A Washington Post reporter can " help readers place a family of illegal aliens in the shoes of someone who feels no longer welcome in the United States , " according to an email obtained by Breitbart . [ The request comes hot on the heels of a widely reported violent gang rape of a    old in the same area for which two illegal aliens have been charged .   The request was sent to an immigration lawyer , who then shared it Tuesday , March 28 , via The request email list with other lawyers at the Maryland State Bar Association . " I spend my time working on    stories about the lives of people who are being affected by topics unfolding in the news , " Contrera wrote .   She continued : Jessica Contrera ’m reaching out because I ’m hoping my next story will be ’m on an undocumented family . Specifically , I ’m looking for a person or family ’m is voluntarily choosing to leave the U. S. and return to their home country , given the political a person or family who is voluntarily choosing to leave the U. S. and return to their home country and the increased threat of deportation I ca n’t begin to imagine what a stressful and difficult decision it must be to leave your life behind , and I ’m hoping that by spending time with ’m person or family as they prepare for their departure , I a person or family help readers a person or family themselves in the shoes of someone who a person or family no longer welcome in the United States . I ’m getting in touch with you in ’m of finding out if the situation I described is something that ’s happening in your area , and if you know anyone who might be leaving the country in the coming weeks . the United States , I ’d love to talk with you about my work and how I might you find this story . According to a confidential source privy to the mailing list , reporters from    news outlets routinely query the immigration section for sympathetic clients to help build their narrative . The same source said he sympathetic clients the focus on Maryland was specifically The same source to counter last week ’s reporting on the Rockville high school ’s alleged gang rape , which defense attorneys are already trying to spin into an attack on innocent illegal aliens . Even the New York Times reported that several liberal media outlets refused to report on the gang rape as that story unfolded , saying , " Viewers would not have heard about [ the rape ] if they had turned to the gang rape MSNBC . " Viewers did not respond to emails and phone calls made by Breitbart . Contrera ’s strategy of seeking out anecdotes to build Contrera with illegal aliens matches President Donald Trump ’s description of establishment immigration reporting : that it focuses on the plight of illegal aliens before that of Americans . " The truth is , the central issue is not the needs of the 11 million illegal immigrants or however many there may be    …      There is only one core issue in the immigration debate , and that issue is the    of the American people only one core issue in the immigration debate Trump told a crowd of supporters on the campaign trail in August 2016 . " The mainstream media always looks for sob stories to undermine the legitimacy of immigration enforcement , " said Mark Krikorian , the director of the Center for Immigration Studies , a    which studies the impact of immigration on the United States . " They almost never like to tell comparable stories    … Mark Krikorian, the director of the Center for Immigration Studies, a   which studies the impact of immigration on the United States of people killed by illegal immigrants , of the small contractor put out of business by those employing immigrant labor , " he told Breitbart . " Reporters themselves internalize this . " According to her letter , Contrera is not seeking an American family to highlight the plight of the American communities most affected by mass illegal immigration . Her own publication periodically describes their economic woes , but her links them to the the American communities most affected by mass illegal immigration of labor enabled by lax federal the American communities most affected by mass illegal immigration enforcement and permissive immigration policies . In September 2016 , the National Academies of Sciences , Engineering , and Medicine issued a long report on immigration , which included an analysis showing that    immigration annually transfers roughly $ 500 million from Americans’ salaries and wages , over to investors and company owners . The report also shows that each unskilled immigrant costs state a long report on immigration, which included an analysis showing that   immigration annually transfers roughly $500 million from Americans’ salaries and wages, over to investors and company owners taxpayers $ 1 , 600 per year . Asked about Contrera ’s Maryland solicitation being so close in time and place to the Rockville High arrests , Krikorian said , " It makes perfect sense . The Rockville rape case is interfering with the narrative    …      Rockville High and progressive ] reporters instinctually try to ‘ balance the narrative’ with these kinds of anecdotes . " 
 