Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio announced Monday Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio will vote to confirm former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State , providing former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson with a critical vote to get Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio through the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . [ " I believe Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio is entitled to significant deference when it comes to his Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio for the cabinet , " Rubio Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio in a Facebook post . " I also believe given the uncertainty surrounding the future direction of our foreign policy that a higher degree of scrutiny is justified in evaluating whoever is nominated to serve as secretary of state . "   Rubio Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio he Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio " concerned " about the U. S. defending democracy and human rights , adding he Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio that under Trump , the the U. S. will pursue a foreign policy that too often sets aside our values and our historic alliances in pursuit of flawed geopolitical deals . " " But in making my decision on his Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio , I must balance these concerns with his Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio experience and success in international commerce , and my belief that the president is entitled to significant deference when it comes to his choices for the president cabinet , " he said . the president Given the uncertainty that exists both at home and abroad about the direction of our foreign policy , it would be against our national interests to have this confirmation unnecessarily delayed or embroiled in controversy , " Rubio continued . He plans to Rubio Tillerson the critical swing vote to confirm him in committee Rubio will vote for him in the Rubio Senate . " However , upcoming appointments to critical posts in the Department of State are not entitled to and will not receive from me the same Rubio of deference I have given this nomination , " he warned . Rubio had grilled Rubio about doing Tillerson with Russia as CEO of Exxon Mobile and whether or not Vladmir Putin is a " war criminal " during a long and contentious hearing in committee . With Rubio ’s vote Rubio will likely reach Tillerson least 52 votes in the Senate to be confirmed as Donald Trump ’s Secretary of State . 
 