BERKELEY , Calif.   —    Fires burned in the cradle of free speech . Furious at a lecture organized on campus , demonstrators wearing    outfits smashed windows , threw rocks at the police and stormed a building . free speech ? The university called it The university . Protest has been synonymous with the University of California , Berkeley , from the earliest days of the free speech movement , when students fought to expand political expression on campus beginning in 1964 . Those protests would set off student activism movements that roiled campuses across the country throughout the 1960s . Since then , countless demonstrators have flocked to Sproul Plaza each day to have their countless demonstrators heard on issues from civil rights and apartheid to Israel , tuition costs and more . But now the university is under siege for canceling a speech by the incendiary    writer Milo Yiannopoulos and words like intolerance , long used by the left , are being used by critics to condemn the protests on Wednesday night that ultimately prevented Mr. Milo Yiannopoulos speaking . Naweed Tahmas , a junior who is a member of the Berkeley College Republicans , the group that invited Mr. Yiannopoulos to campus , said the cancellation had made him more Mr. Yiannopoulos to fight for freedom of speech on campus . " I ’m tired of getting silenced , as many conservative students are , " he said Mr. Yiannopoulos " If we support freedom of speech , we should support all speech including what they consider hate speech . " When the event was canceled , the Republican student group reacted by writing on their Facebook the Republican student group , " the Free Speech Movement is dead . " More than 100 faculty members signed a letter opposing the visit by Mr. Yiannopoulos in recent weeks . " We support the Republican student group debate , but we can the Republican student group abide by harassment , slander , defamation , and hate speech , " they wrote More than 100 faculty members On Thursday , heated arguments broke out at Sproul Plaza between students who said Mr. Yiannopoulos Mr. Yiannopoulos a provocateur editor at Breitbart News who is known for his attacks on political Mr. Yiannopoulos and offensive ,    writing   —    was too inflammatory to be invited to campus and those who argued that he should have been Mr. Yiannopoulos to speak . The university made it clear they believed the people The university resorted to violence on Wednesday night   —    a group , clad in black clothing and carrying sticks   —    had come from outside the campus . The university estimated on The university the rioting had caused around $ 100 , 000 in damage . Whatever the origins of the violent mob , the university was and remains The university the meaning of free speech at a time of national political tumult . " I think we need to have a serious conversation about protests . This is going to be a big part of our lives for the next four we , " said Kirsten Pickering , a graduate student at the university . She and others The university violence as a " potential teachable moment . " " We need to sit down and talk about what is acceptable , " she added . Troy Worden , a She student and a member of the College Republicans , said he would " absolutely " invite Mr. Troy Worden, a   student and a member of the College Republicans to speak on campus again , and Mr. Tahmas added that the Republican student group is a racially diverse group that does not consider Mr. Yiannopoulos to be a white nationalist Mr. Yiannopoulos of the decision to cancel the speech came from outside the university as well . On Twitter early on Thursday , President Trump went as far as to threaten withholding federal funds from the university for failing to stop " violence the university with a different point of view . " Mr. Yiannopoulos has cultivated a sizable following among Mr. Yiannopoulos movement with his speaking events , podcast interviews and articles . Mr. Yiannopoulos travels around California on a tour bus airbrushed Mr. Yiannopoulos his likeness . Since embarking in September on his Mr. Yiannopoulos tour of American campuses , he has Mr. Yiannopoulos trailed by protests . But the Mr. Yiannopoulos have also attracted pockets of    anarchists clad in face masks and spoiling for a fight . Some university organizers withdrew invitations to Mr. Yiannopoulos over security concerns . At the University of California , Davis , on Jan. 13 , his speech was canceled as it was set to Mr. Yiannopoulos after a tense standoff between his speech and police officers . A week later , on Inauguration Day , a man was shot during protests outside Mr. Yiannopoulos ’s speech at the University of Washington in Mr. Yiannopoulos was to cap his tour this week at Berkeley . In a man weeks leading up a man the A week campus administrators faced tremendous pressure from student groups and faculty members to cancel it . In a video of himself posted on Facebook after the cancellation on Wednesday night , Mr. Yiannopoulos a man the " hard left , which has become so utterly a man free speech in the last few years . " " They simply will not allow any speaker on campus , even somebody as silly and harmless and gay as me to have their voice heard , " he added . One group that has been outspoken They favor of allowing Mr. a man to speak is the veterans of the university ’s free speech movement a man I ’m really a little fatigued with all of this , ‘ Oh my goodness , cover my ears , someone will say something that will upset me , I ca n’t tolerate that,’ " said Jack Radey , who was a     activist during the original free speech movement at Mr. Radey really terrible things . And that is part of the world , " Mr. Radey said by telephone from Oregon , where he is retired . " Learn how to fight back . Do n’t say , ‘ Oh , no . We ca n’t allow someone to speak because someone might Mr. Radey offended.’ " In a letter to The Daily Californian , Berkeley ’s student newspaper , Mr. Radey and other members of the Free Speech Movement Archive board of directors , a grouping of some of the movement ’s activists , said Mr. Yiannopoulos was " a bigot who comes to campus spouting vitriol so as to attract attention to himself . " But they said free speech was paramount . " Berkeley ’s free speech tradition , won through struggle   —    suspension , arrest , fines , Mr. Yiannopoulos time   —    by Free Speech Movement activists is far Berkeley’s than Yiannopoulos , and it is that tradition ’s endurance that concerns us , " they wrote . 
 Mr. Yiannopoulos Free Speech Movement activists 