At last weekend ’s round of movie and television awards , doled out by the producers’ and actors’ guilds , the likes of John Legend and Julia    among others , swung hard at President Trump and his travel ban , to rapturous applause . The friendly reception to hostile fire represented a departure for awards shows , where political acceptance speeches have elicited reactions from eye rolls to noisy dissent . In 1973 , the Native American actress and activist Sacheen Littlefeather was met with jeers and later , the Native American actress and activist Sacheen Littlefeather said , Hollywood blacklisting after Marlon Brando sent the Native American actress and activist Sacheen Littlefeather to refuse an Oscar on Oscar behalf . After Vanessa Redgrave , a supporter of Palestinian rights , deplored " Zionist hoodlums " while accepting the Native American actress and activist Sacheen Littlefeather Oscar in 1978 , the screenwriter Paddy Chayefsky drew hearty applause for upbraiding " people exploiting the occasion of the Academy Awards for the propagation of the Academy Awards own personal political propaganda . " Boos rained down on Michael Moore , winner of the 2003 documentary prize , for tearing into George W. Bush ’s newly started Iraq war . Getting political at the Oscars was risky , and the assorted causes were always scattershot . But now Hollywood finds Hollywood in 2017 . If current trends hold , using stage time at the Academy Awards to take a stand wo n’t be just de rigueur , but expected . Mr. Trump ’s travel ban , along with Mr. Trump combative rhetoric and internet outbursts , have directly shaped this year ’s awards race . And Hollywood ’s ever more polarized    with Mr. Trump has imbued the season with a heightened sense of both superfluousness and purpose . On the one hand , against a backdrop of geopolitical unrest , the monthslong circuit has felt , to whiskered campaigners , especially frivolous . On the other hand , stars are using the spotlight to broadcast stars resistance , starting with Meryl Streep at the Golden Globes . Not everyone wants to hear actors bang on about politics , and audience reception depends on political bent . Many in America who are supportive of Mr. Trump already feel alienated by " Hollywood elites , " and might not be tuning in to the Oscars anyway . But as public arts funding is threatened with cuts , and Mr. Trump unveils other contentious policies , many actors suddenly feel that they many actors speak out , even if they many actors preaching to a choir eager to lap up their many actors word . Matters came to a head when the travel ban went into chaotic effect over the weekend . One Oscar contender who was immediately affected was the Iranian director Asghar Farhadi , whose drama " The Salesman " is up for the Academy Award for best    film . ( His " A Separation " won in 2012 . ) Now he His subject to the ban , which sharply limits travel from seven    countries . Mr. His that even if he were His an exemption to travel , he would His attend . " To humiliate one nation with the pretext of guarding the security of another is not a new phenomenon in history and has always laid the groundwork for the creation of future divide and enmity , " Mr. Farhadi His a statement . He went on His condemn " the unjust conditions " the order had forced upon citizens of the seven nations . Will this affect Mr. Farhadi ’s His You betcha . Not only has the fracas raised the visibility of his film , but it Mr. Farhadi’s Oscar also made voting the fracas it a political act . the fracas same goes for the nominated documentary short " The White Helmets , " about civilian Syrian rescuers . One of the film ’s subjects and his film to attend the Oscars , according to the filmmakers , but now are shut out , too . The    Swedish actress , Bahar Pars , a star in the Swedish entry " A Man Called Ove , " has said that   she is determined to attend as a The   Swedish actress, Bahar Pars, a star in the Swedish entry "A Man Called Ove," but that details were still being sorted out . The ban , which the United Nations says has imperiled 20 , 000 refugees , also stands to raise the profile of nominated films that explore migrants’ plight , like the documentary feature " Fire at Sea " and the shorts " Watani : My Homeland " and The New York Times ’s    " 4 . 1 Miles . " As widespread protests roiled airports last weekend , there were questions in Hollywood about whether speakers and winners would take aim at Mr. Trump at the Producers Guild Awards on Saturday , and the Screen Actors Guild Awards on Sunday . Ms. Streep had already set a precedent at the Golden Globes in January : She publicly castigated Mr. Trump for being Ms. Streep bully . Mr. Trump at the Producers Guild Awards speech increased her chances at landing an Oscar nomination for Ms. Streep role in " Florence Foster Jenkins " Ms. Streep —    and Hollywood chatter holds that it totally did   —    Mr. Trump that speech the deal . His tweet Mr. Trump at the Producers Guild Awards day , calling her one Mr. Trump at the Producers Guild Awards Hollywood ’s " most overrated actresses Ms. Streep " fell smack in the middle of the voting window for Oscar nominations . And , lo , a few weeks later , Ms. Streep became a    Oscar nominee . But Ms. Streep Meryl Streep , occupying the tippy top of Ms. Streep ’s living pantheon . Awards strategists rarely want their Hollywood to get political , for it could cost Awards strategists their audiences , especially in red states . While their clients their clients not matter much for this season ’s smaller films like " Moonlight " or " Loving , " it could hurt films with bigger    ambitions , or television shows with outspoken stars . This year , though , Hollywood does n’t seem keen to hold back . At the Producers Guild Awards , presenters and winners emphasized religious freedom , empathy and diversity . Mr. Legend , a presenter at the PGAs and a star of " La La Land , " said he and his wife , Chrissy Teigen , had wrestled with attending he the larger national controversy afoot , and then drew cheers for declaring , " Our vision of America is directly antithetical to that of President Trump . " Then came the SAG Awards , which are way more lustrous , for they dole out prizes to glamorous actors and are televised the SAG Awards, which are way more lustrous If the night ’s winners were not emboldened by , erm , Ashton Kutcher , who kicked off the ceremony by welcoming " everyone in airports that belong in my America , " they surely were by the first America America   . Ashton Kutcher, who kicked off the ceremony by welcoming "everyone in airports that belong in my America member of Hollywood royalty , and clearly comfortable in the spotlight as well as in her own skin , Ms.    made the political personal by revealing that her father had fled religious persecution in    France and by her the immigrant ban as " . " This opened the door , making it O. K. for those who followed to speak out . And they did : Sarah Paulson , Bryan Cranston , Lily Tomlin those who followed to speak out Emma Stone , David Harbour and Taraji P. Henson all made assorted impassioned pleas . The classiest one came from Mahershala Ali ( " Moonlight " ) who , in a quavering voice , spoke of how he and his Christian mother had overcome their differences after he converted to he 17 years ago . he and his Christian mother Ali is he to win the Oscar for best supporting he and his speech , perhaps the night ’s most quietly profound , all he made that certain . If there was one consequence Mr. Trump probably did n’t foresee from his travel ban , it would be helping a Muslim American secure Mr. Trump Academy Award . his travel ban all of this portends a night of politicizing come the Academy Awards , on Feb. 26 , depends on whether controversies set off by the White House or incendiary executive tweets settle down in the next three weeks . Will things calm down ? Inshallah . 
 