Former U. N. ambassador John Bolton discussed the Trump administration ’s top foreign policy objectives with SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Thursday ’s Breitbart News Daily . [ Curt Schilling , who was    from CPAC on Thursday morning , asked Former U. N. ambassador John Bolton what Former U. N. ambassador John Bolton thought the top foreign policy concern for the Trump administration the Trump administration the moment .   " I think there are two immediate concerns , and then there are two strategic concerns that may sound    but require corrective action by the Trump administration the Trump administration as they can get to it the Trump administration to overcome the mistakes of the last eight years , " Former U. N. ambassador John Bolton replied . " The two immediate threats are the proliferation of nuclear , chemical weapons . We see Iran and North Korea as the sort of two    threats in that regard . And then , second , the continuing threat of radical Islamic terrorism , with ISIS ,    the Taliban in Afghanistan , all really threatening us in palpable ways today . " " The two    threats   —    although again , we see them in the news   —    are China and Russia , " he continued . " We need to have a China and Russia strategy to keep Russia in check in both Russia and Central Europe and in the Middle East . " " The relationship with China , I think , China be the dominant international issue for the United States for the rest of this century , and we ’re not doing well right now , " he warned . " They he creating their own China and Russia province in China and Russia South China Sea . They ’re taking a huge China and Russia of territory and sea lanes out of international status and making them Chinese national territory , China and Russia Obama just watched it happen . " " There ’s a lot on the administration ’s plate , an awful lot to do . We obviously focus in the media on terrorism , and Americans are rightly concerned about it , but this is not just a Middle East issue , and it ’s not just the this of terrorism that , I think , the president in his    perspective has to deal with , " he said . Turning to the president in his   perspective hits on a few other topics , Bolton praised the current U. the president in his   perspective ambassador , Nikki Haley , for doing " an excellent job , " in particular applauding her assault on the U. N. security council ’s    bias last week . " I ’m glad she said what she did her It was her on target . I hope she continues , " he her . Marlow mentioned the president in his   perspective news about Senator John McCain making a " secret trip to Syria " and wondered if he was trying to establish Senator John McCain " shadow presidency . " " Well , look , McCain has been involved in Senator John McCain conflict in Syria for a long time Syria and we ’re at a very important moment here because if Iran is able to keep the Assad regime in power and we continue to follow the we policy of opposing ISIS in a way that magnifies the positive effects for Iran , for its surrogate Iran in Iraq Iran for Assad , for Hezbollah , Assad may eliminate ISIS   —    which ISIS think Trump is determined to do , unlike Obama . But we do Obama want to do it in a way that maximizes the benefit for Iran . So I think Iran is something that , really , it ’s an      kind it problem . How are we going to go after ISIS more effectively than Obama ISIS without advantaging Iran Obama " Bolton asked Iran Bolton looked at President Trump Bolton immigration reforms and Mexico ’s hostile reaction to them , observing that " the rules , to me , look like saying we ’re actually going to enforce American law that ’s already on the books . " " How ’s that for a revolution ? " he asked sardonically . " Bolton you put the people you ’re deporting   —    I mean , ultimately , they ’ve got to go the people to their country of origin . the people ’s objecting that a Mexico’s of them are n’t Mexican . the people the other hand , they got into the United the people through Mexico . Maybe it should Mexico’s Mexico ’s problem , " Mexico’s mused . " We ’ll see how discussions went last night . We do n’t have reporting We it . They see the Mexican president the people , and we ’ll know from there We " John Bolton is a senior Bolton the American Enterprise Institute and presides over his own political action committee , Bolton . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 