Top White House officials told media outlets on Tuesday that Top White House officials ’re open to a compromise deal on immigration . [ But the new reports lack any details about what compromise would be acceptable to President Donald Trump or the      voters who elected him into power .   CNN reported Tuesday that , The President is thinking about adding the topic to The President speech tonight to a joint session of Congress , though either way an immigration bill remains a desire for The President first term . The topic of enforcing current immigration laws is already in his speech tonight , The President said . The actual details of any proposal are vital because every faction in the huge political dispute over imported    labor says they want imported   labor compromise . In 2013 , for example , the eight senators who drafted the    " Gang of Eight " immigration bill claimed their bill Eight" immigration bill compromise   —    even though it would have Eight" immigration bill sanctions for    employers , granted an    amnesty to millions of illegals , increased the inflow of refugees , and doubled the annual inflow of legal immigrants to roughly 2 million per year .    reformers have pushed their own compromises reformers which include an amnesty for the 11    illegals in the nation in exchange for sharp reductions in annual legal immigration plus    rules to sanction employers who hire illegal immigrants . That ’s the      supported by Mark Krikorian , director of the Center for Immigration Studies , who notes that any overhaul of immigration law requires some purchased support from some    Democrats . In his winning 2016 campaign , Donald Trump won huge public support because of his opposition to Donald Trump and to    policies , and because of his promise to Donald Trump buy American and hire American . " In one 2016 speech , he urged a Donald Trump in legal immigration to historical norms . He also called Donald Trump a temporary pause in legal immigration , while repeating his promise for Donald Trump wall that would stop illegal immigration . In August 2015 , his policy paper Donald Trump : We need to control the admission of new    workers in order to : help wages grow , get teenagers back to work , aid minorities’ rise into the middle class , help schools and communities falling behind , and to ensure our immigrant members of the national family become part of the American dream . On Feb. 9 , White House spokesman Sean Spicer said the president is still opposed to the 2013 " Gang of Eight " bill . But if Trump were to reverse his      policies Trump he ’d likely Trump severe political problems in 2018 and 2020 . According to CNN , " It has to be a negotiation , " the official said Trump that the bill theoretically Eight" bill people on both the " far right " and " far left " happy . " It could be good for everyone , " the senior administration official said Trump exhausted " from debating the topic . Any immigration reductions would be a strategic problem for Democrats because they are hoping that the rising tide of Democrats voters will bring them into power . Any reduction is also immigrant voters problem for Wall Street investors because their    calculations assume a growing population of Wall Street investors immigrant consumers . 
 