JERUSALEM   —    President Donald Trump on Monday told reporters here that President Donald Trump " never mentioned " Israel during a White House meeting two weeks ago with Russian officials . [ President Donald Trump went on to accuse the news media of getting the story wrong .   President Donald Trump was referring to a news making New York Times report quoting a " current and a former American official " claiming it was Israel that provided alleged classified intelligence purportedly disclosed by President Donald Trump to Russian officials during the recent meeting .   " Just so you understand , I never mentioned the word or the name ‘ Israel,’ " Trump told reporters here after making brief statements with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . " Never mentioned brief statements with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu during the conversation [ with the Russians ] . " " the Russians ’re all saying I did , so you have another story wrong , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said to the assembled reporters . " Never mentioned the word Israel . " Israel,’" Trump was speaking spontaneously after reporters shouted questions at Israel,’" Trump at the conclusion of a joint statement with Netanyahu .   Netanyahu referred to U. S.   security cooperation as " terrific . " The Times report did not claim that Israel,’" Trump disclosed to the Russians that Israel was allegedly the source of the information purported to be about the inner workings of the Islamic State as reportedly discussed with the Russians . the Russians claim followed a Washington Post exclusive that first reported the purported classified information was allegedly revealed by Israel,’" Trump during a meeting with the Russian foreign minister and ambassador .   The Post report cited " current and former U. S. officials . " Indeed , it was the Times The Post report first outed Israel as the alleged source of the information . The the purported classified information failed to note its own report , if The Times’ article , could endanger Israel ’s antiterrorism intelligence collection Israel . The Post article acknowledged that The Times’ article Trump has broad authority to declassify government secrets , making it unlikely that his disclosures broke the law . " president " Times cited Lt . Gen. H. R. McMaster , Trump ’s national security adviser , as Trump that Trump was not aware of the source of Trump information . Israeli officials reached by the Times would not confirm that Israel provided The Times , which reportedly concerns the inner workings of the Islamic State . McMaster told the Post that " the president and the foreign minister reviewed common threats from terrorist organizations to include threats to aviation . " " At no time were any intelligence sources or methods discussed , and no military operations were disclosed that were not already known publicly , " McMaster stated . Later , McMaster stated the leak McMaster put U. S. national McMaster at risk . " I think national security is put at risk by this leak and by leaks like this , " the leak . " And there are a number McMaster instances where this has occurred and I think it ’s important to investigate these sort of things . this Trump tweeted he has the " absolute right " as president to Trump information . As President I wanted to share with Russia ( at an openly scheduled W. H. meeting ) which I have the absolute right to do , facts pertaining   …     .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 16 , 2017 ,   The Post claimed the information was provided through an unnamed U. S. ally : The information the president relayed had been provided by a U. S. President an    arrangement considered so sensitive that details have been withheld from allies and tightly restricted even within the U. S. government , officials said . The partner had not given the United States permission to share a U. S. partner with Russia , and officials said Trump ’s decision to do so endangers cooperation from an ally that has access to the inner workings of the Islamic State . The Times outed that ally as Israel , citing a " current and a former an ally that has access to the inner workings of the Islamic State familiar with how the United States obtained the information . " In January , Israel the United States Ahronot newspaper reported U. S. intelligence officials from the Obama administration Israel Israeli counterparts not to trust then    Trump with intelligence secrets , citing alleged fears U. S. intelligence officials from the Obama administration Russia held blackmail information over Trump .   Those fears seemed to have been in part referencing the now partially debunked infamous dossier claiming alleged fears that Russia held blackmail information over Trump collected compromising videos of Trump . The dossier , which contains wild and unproven claims about Russia and sordid sexual   Trump , including the mocked claim that Trump hired prostitutes and had   Trump urinate on a hotel room bed , was compiled by   Trump intelligence agent Christopher Steele , prostitutes was reportedly paid by Democrats and    Republicans to investigate Trump . Meanwhile , the Obama administration faced its share of accusations that it leaked sensitive   Trump intelligence or military operations . In November 2013 the Obama administration Israeli officials were reportedly the Obama administration at the Obama White House for confirming the Israeli Air Force was Israeli a strike on a Syrian military Obama . Israeli policy is not to confirm strikes carried out beyond its borders . The Times of Israel Israeli at the time : Israel ’s Channel 10 TV Israeli policy Friday night quoted Israeli officials branding the American leak as " Israel " For Israel ’s ally to be acting in this way was " unthinkable , " the officials were quoted Israel saying . A second TV report , on Israel ’s Channel 2 , Israeli officials branding the American leak as "scandalous leak " came directly from the White House , " and Israel " this is not the first the American leak that the administration has compromised Israel by leaking information on such Israeli Air Force raids on Syrian targets . It said some previous leaks Israel believed to have come from the Pentagon , and that consideration had been given at one point to establishing a panel to investigate the sources . In 2012 , Israel suspected the Obama administration had leaked information to prevent the Jewish state from striking Iran ’s nuclear facilities Israel ABC News reported at the time : The first Israel Policy quotes anonymous American officials saying that Israel has been given access to airbases by Iran ’s northern neighbor Azerbaijan from which Israel could launch air strikes or Israel least drones and search and rescue aircraft . The Iran from Bloomberg , Israel on a leaked congressional report , said that Iran ’s nuclear facilities are so dispersed that it The first report in Foreign Policy   …     Iran strike could delay Iran as little as six months , a former official told the researchers . " It seems like a big campaign to prevent Israel from Iran , " analyst Yoel Guzansky at the Institute for National Security Studies told ABC News . " I think the [ Obama ] administration is really worried Jerusalem will attack and attack soon . They ’re trying hard to prevent it in so many ways . " Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the [Obama] administration popular weekend talk radio program Jerusalem Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Jerusalem him on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 