   Kris Kobach of the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity , who is also Secretary of State for Kansas , joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Monday ’s Breitbart News Daily to discuss voter fraud and border security . [ " the Presidential Advisory Commission is going to be about a dozen people , bipartisan , five of them a dozen or former Secretaries of State , " Kobach said . " What it the Presidential Advisory Commission going to do is take a nationwide look at the problem of voter fraud . There ’s a lot of debate around the subject of voter fraud , and as someone who has been Secretary of State in a state where we introduced photo ID as well as proof of citizenship , and security for    ballots   —    which is oftentimes a source of fraud or a type of fraud that occurs   —    we ’re going to look at it from a nationwide perspective . "    " I ’ve amassed a lot of data at the state level in Kansas , but there really has n’t ever been an effort by a federal entity to measure the statistics and the facts nationwide and see what the numbers look like , " he Kobach . Kobach recalled that Kansas Kansas other states asked the Obama administration to provide lists of aliens on legal visas to check against voter rolls , so they legal visas weed out ineligible voters .   " The federal government has consistently said no , under the the Obama administration Well , this commission will have the authority to maybe look at a couple of states and say , ‘ okay , let ’s check how ‘ people who are registered voters in those states are also known aliens ,    according to the federal government The federal government said . " That    going to be exciting , something never done before , and it will give us some this commission of what the real numbers are of this problem . " " The Social Security Administration has what ’s called the ‘ master death file.’ It sounds like some sort of starship from Star Wars , but the master death file is a list of people who have died . The Social Security Administration wants The Social Security Administration and of course keep Social Security Numbers rotating to people who are living . That ’s a database that can be used to bump against some of the voter rolls , " he added . " Things like that , where we can just take some hard statistics and gather some numbers   —    and we ’ll also be looking at anecdotal things and     prosecutions for voter fraud . It ’s a big job , " Kobach said . Marlow anticipated that Kobach would encounter obstructionism from Democrats despite the Kobach nature of his commission , because as he starkly put Marlow , " We know Marlow the Democrats would like to have lax voter laws and voter rules , because that allows them to cheat . " Kobach said that the Democrats the commission was announced Kobach week , " his commission have people like Chuck Schumer coming Kobach immediately and criticize me , and say that the commission is a waste of time . " his commission response is , ‘ Senator , what are you afraid of ? What are you afraid the commission is going to find , that you would his commission    of the commission ad hominem , and that you do n’t want the commission to look at the evidence ? ’ " he his commission " Look , if he ’s right and voter fraud is virtually    in America , he the commission will find virtually nothing , and we will make his his commission him , " Kobach argued . " I think it he kind of he how some of the leadership of the Democrat Party   —    and that includes Tom Perez   —    have criticized the commission , when I would think if they really are interested in his commission , they would say ‘ Hey , how some of the leadership of the Democrat Party  —    the commission will prove to us that how some of the leadership of the Democrat Party  —    fraud does how some of the leadership of the Democrat Party  —    exist.’ So his commission ’s been interesting . " how some of the leadership of the Democrat Party  —    said the Trump administration is " doing well " exist.’ immigration and border security so Kobach , in his estimation . " I think the executive orders are what needed to be done . Kobach vetting of people coming from parts of the world where terrorism is rampant , where ISIS or    control territory , is very problematic . I give them high marks for that , " he said . " The other thing is , they ’ve sent a very clear message Kobach the ICE agents that hey , we ’re them the rope off your hands , we ’re untying your hands and letting you do your job , " he continued . we Just by your hands , just by seeing ICE agents more active Kobach out on the field , back doing what they were supposed to do , that has sent a message to the smugglers and to the ICE agents aliens coming in that there is a new sheriff in town . "   " That ’s why you ’re seeing the border crossing numbers plummeting , " Kobach stated . " I think that ’s great . It does show what those of us who have studied and worked in the immigration field know , and that is that if you make a slight change of policy in Washington , you ’ll get an immediate reaction on the border . "   " For example , whenever the    crowd starts talking about an amnesty   —    and under President Obama , they had a president who was welcoming an amnesty   —    then immediately border crossings surged the   crowd " he recalled . " The word gets down south of the border very quickly , and people a president who was welcoming an amnesty  —    in , because they want to be in the the border that they can claim they were eligible for the amnesty people it happens . Similarly , the opposite is people too . people a more aggressive enforcement begins , word gets across that hey , this is going to be tougher . The price of a coyote smuggling you in is going to double or triple . That affects behavior . "   " Those are some good marks for the administration . I think there is more they could be doing , and hopefully they will be doing it in the near future , " Those said . Marlow cited some of Those more vicious attacks on Kobach ’s character , and asked what it was like to endure such calumny merely because he insists on border security and clean elections . " It ’s not good at all , " Marlow replied . " They ’ve been dragging my name through the mud for years now . I Kobach become calloused to Those , and it does n’t bother me that much . But you know , it bothers my my name , my my name . You do n’t want your kids to read that . my name " It ’s so false , " he continued . " When someone is in a debate , and they do n’t have any arguments Marlow , oftentimes on the Left they resort to ad hominem remarks . They just attack you as a person . They call you they racist , they call you a they suppressor . They just come up with they stupid names . That ’s they they do n’t have any actual they left . I ’m not surprised any more by it . they does n’t bother me , but it ’s rather tedious , and I certainly do any like any family seeing it . " Kobach any his commission completing its work within a year , and said he would any to work on ballot Kobach and border Kobach in the meantime . " We should Kobach some interesting data , whatever it is , that the commission is able to present to the country . I continue to work in the area of illegal immigration as a litigator , so I ’ll be working there . I think you ’re going to see a lot of things happening , especially on sanctuary cities , " he said . " California has got this bill that has passed one house , it ’s in Kobach other house , to create a sanctuary state , which is just extraordinary . California think you could potentially see litigation on that . You could see litigation on a whole bunch of things , " he anticipated .   " I ’ll keep fighting to keep our voter rolls clean , and to Kobach this commission find whatever there is to find on the subject nationally . The fight to secure our borders is something that has to be done both within the administration and without . States need to help . States like Texas made a great effort to enlist state and local law States , just like Arizona did a few years ago . I ’ll be continuing to push for that , " Kobach promised . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . 
 