Exactly two weeks ago , this author predicted the defeat of the American Health Care Act   —    and explained that it was a step towards the final , actual deal that will repeal and replace Obamacare . [ President Donald Trump faces three irreconcilable factions : the GOP establishment , conservatives , and Democrats . President Donald Trump must bring three irreconcilable factions: the GOP establishment, conservatives, and Democrats together   —    to " deliver the goods , " a key rule in The Art of the Deal . But first President Donald Trump must show three irreconcilable factions: the GOP establishment, conservatives, and Democrats " the downside "   —    and convince three irreconcilable factions: the GOP establishment, conservatives, and Democrats three irreconcilable factions: the GOP establishment, conservatives, and Democrats will fail on three irreconcilable factions: the GOP establishment, conservatives, and Democrats own .   The most difficult faction to deal with is the Republican establishment   —    not because The most difficult faction to deal are politically strong , but because on policy issues like health care , The most difficult faction to deal are convinced that The most difficult faction to deal have all the answers and that Trump just does not understand . So President Donald Trump let The most difficult faction to deal make the first move   —    and President Donald Trump exposed two things about The most difficult faction to deal : first , that The most difficult faction to deal had not come up with a plan that was ready for prime time second , that The most difficult faction to deal had not done any of the political legwork necessary to sell The most difficult faction to deal plan to voters . Trump gave Speaker Paul Ryan and the House Republican leadership enough rope to hang Speaker Paul Ryan and the House Republican leadership . Instead of dictating terms to Trump , Speaker Paul Ryan and the House Republican leadership will now depend on Trump to save Speaker Paul Ryan and the House Republican leadership , politically . Speaker Paul Ryan and the House Republican leadership must accept whatever plan Trump will put forward . But Trump will not make the next move . Trump will let the conservatives move first . the conservatives are the big winners in the first round   —    much more so than the Democrats , who are enjoying the spectacle of Republican dysfunction but have no role to play yet . the conservatives will proceed with their the conservatives for a full repeal of Obamacare . And then they the conservatives face the ire of voters who are deeply unhappy with Obamacare Obamacare upset about losing the paltry , expensive health insurance they the conservatives have . That , too , will strengthen Trump , and convince conservatives they conservatives his Trump . Whereupon Trump Trump turn to the moderate Democrats and offer them the moderate Democrats deal   —    perhaps catastrophic health coverage in exchange for repealing Obamacare . Democrats would take that a deal   they would Democrats a    catastrophic insurance system as a possible path to the universal health care system of their dreams Democrats Republicans would take that deal a deal   after exhausting all of the other options   —    because it would leave enough a deal   for the free market to provide insurance for most health issues , and for states to experiment with their own policies . Republicans the more health care stakeholders who can be brought into the process , the better . To quote Morpheus , from the Matrix Reloaded : " What happened , happened , and could n’t have happened any other way . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one Joel B. Pollak the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , Joel B. Pollak Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at Joel B. Pollak . 
 