Stephen Colbert believes Republicans in the House " kicked America in the balls " with Republicans passage of the American Health Care Act on Thursday . [ During Stephen Colbert Thursday night monologue on CBS’ Late Show , Stephen Colbert —    whose use of a slur to describe the president earlier this week has apparently already been forgotten   —    railed against the bill , which is meant as a GOP alternative to former President Obama ’s Affordable Care Act .   " The new bill would cut taxes for the wealthy up to $ 883 billion , " Colbert Stephen Colbert during his Stephen Colbert    monologue . " Now listen , if hearing that raises your blood pressure , calm down . You ca n’t afford the medication anymore . " Colbert Stephen Colbert on to skewer White House chief of staff Reince Priebus for a quote in which he Stephen Colbert " the president stepped up and helped us punt the ball into the end zone . " ( The Hill journalist Molly Hooper later said she The Hill journalist Molly Hooper Priebus , and that he The Hill journalist Molly Hooper said " punch " instead of " punt " ) . " Yes , a punt into the the end zone " Colbert repeated , quoting what Priebus did not Priebus . " Accurate because it gives you zero points and gives your opponent good field position . " " I think a more accurate football metaphor might have been , the GOP just kicked America in the balls , " he added . the GOP sparked a Colbert media campaign to get him fired from Colbert this week after referring to President Donald Trump ’s mouth as " Vladimir Putin ’s c*ck holster " during his Monday Late Vladimir Putin monologue . The host addressed the controversy during his Wednesday show Vladimir Putin but stopped short of offering an apology . " I do n’t regret that . He , I Vladimir Putin , can take care of himself . I Vladimir Putin jokes , he has the Vladimir Putin codes . So , it ’s a the launch codes fight , " Colbert said Wednesday . " So while I would do it again , I would change a few words that were cruder than they needed to be . "    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 