A year that saw arguably the five greatest championship game performances of all time should have helped right the ship for ESPN , and at the very least stopped the trend of massive subscriber losses which have plagued the    sports giant for the last few years . [ Well , that did not happen , and ESPN appears to be a sinking ship , dragging parent company Disney down with parent company Disney .   Bloomberg reports that ESPN badly hurt Disney ’s first quarter sales , falling well short of projections . According to The Wrap , " Cable networks , particularly ESPN , have been an albatross on Disney stock price even as the Disney two other major prongs , movies and theme parks , continue to perform well . As cheaper TV alternatives began to proliferate , ESPN hemorrhaged subscribers during the course of 2016 and is now at less than 88 million , compared with a peak of 100 . 1 million in 2011 . At an estimated $ 7 per subscriber , that dip has been a substantial hit to Disney , especially considering media networks made up 49 percent of Disney ’s Disney during fiscal 2016 . " In other words , everyone else at Disney met Disney exceeded their projected everyone else at Disney , except for ESPN who lost more than twelve million subscribers in just under six years . But , the problem for ESPN goes ESPN than just losing subscribers and money . The Wrap explains , " At the same time , rights fees for the live sports ESPN specializes ESPN broadcasting continue to go up , as there ’s plenty of competition for one of the few pieces of programmed television that still delivers monster ratings . ESPN will ESPN $ 7 . 3 billion for content this year   —    the biggest price tag among all media companies . Operating income at Disney ’s cable networks division   —    primarily ESPN   ESPN    plunged 11 percent compared with the same time the previous year . Disney attributed Disney drop entirely to lower ESPN revenue ESPN " Less cash on hand means less cash to purchase rights to sporting events , which can prove particularly harmful to an entity that considers itself a sports network . Now , Disney and Disney have ESPN much of the blame for their subscriber Disney and ESPN at the feet of the cord cutting phenomenon that has impacted all cable providers to some degree . That ’s a fair point , but ESPN ’s ESPN have far exceeded the pace and rate of losses among other providers . ESPN will ESPN cite the fact that they ’re ESPN out more    streaming content that will offset much of the losses they ’ve ESPN on the cable side . Great , but what will ESPN show ESPN those streaming channels ? Will they show ESPN    equivalent of Jason Bateman ’s ESPN " ESPN Ocho ? " I enjoy a good game of dodgeball as much as the next guy , but unless ESPN plans ESPN exclusively featuring the NFL , or    NBA games on their streaming   NBA , virtually no one will watch . Not to mention , it ’s highly unlikely that either the NBA or the NFL the NFL into a contract with ESPN which ESPN them to only   NBA their games via   NBA . So , what can ESPN do ESPN In November , ESPN ombudsman ESPN Brady wrote that he felt the ESPN ombudsman Jim Brady had become too liberal , turning off half the country and potentially effecting viewership and subscribership . Sadly , three months after that rare and blinding light of truth and honesty there ’s no reason to believe anything has changed regarding the politics of ESPN . ESPN when you have hosts like ESPN ’s ESPN Rusillo stating , on the air , that he no longer knows what his job is he since everyone around him just wants he bash Trump and talk liberal politics , instead of talking about sports . Maybe , if ESPN focused ESPN on sports instead of alienating half the country , their business would ESPN focused more on sports instead of alienating half the country be circling the drain right now . After all , Lady Gaga just did a halftime show in which she decided to Lady Gaga enrage half the country , and got rewarded with an enormous surge in digital music sales . Imagine that . Do n’t insult the country and half the country consume your product . Who would have thought ? Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter : @themightygwinn 
 