The chairman of the Senate Homeland Security Committee told Breitbart News that The chairman of the Senate Homeland Security Committee is very concerned about allegations that Susan Rice , President Barack Obama ’s national security adviser , abused Susan Rice, President Barack Obama access to intelligence reports that included incidental collection of information about associates of President Donald Trump . [ " First of all , I do n’t know all there is to know about what Susan Rice was doing , " said Sen. Ron Johnson ( ) .   Susan Rice is accused of " unmasking " the names of American citizens associated with President Donald Trump in intelligence reports . the names of American citizens associated with Trump in intelligence reports are deliberately cloaked to preserve the constitutional protections against warrantless monitoring enshrined in the 4th Amendment . " What we do know about Susan Rice is you ca n’t believe what she Susan Rice , and that is pretty obvious , so we need we get her Susan Rice oath , " he Susan Rice . " It does n’t surprise me in the slightest that the former administration would utilize the awesome power of the government —   they did the former administration with It Lerner and the IRS , using the IRS the IRS political weapon against their political Lois Lerner and the IRS , " he Susan Rice . If the Obama the former administration to use the IRS for political advantage the IRS is natural for them to use the federal surveillance programs , as well , he Susan Rice . " We need to get her under oath in front of the Intelligence Committee and let ’s see exactly what we do We out about her We " he Susan Rice . her Susan Rice he Susan Rice not worried that political abuse of surveillance and intelligence gathering programs would jeopardize the actual programs themselves . " In a responsible person ’s hand , it should not be a problem . We do need the ability to gather intelligence . We need the ability to do We things . " The Susan Rice another problem is how intelligence related to Trump made its way into the press . " intelligence related to Trump need to keep these pieces of information classified , as well , " he said Susan Rice " There ’s a reason you have classified information and national security interests —   it is how you keep the nation safe . " The senator Susan Rice is a difference between national security career professionals and the political appointees , such as Rice . " The vast majority of people , career folks in the NSA or the FISA courts , these are patriots trying to keep the nation safe , " he said . the nation you have political hacks that potentially use these agencies improperly ? That ’s the problem . You have to get the political hacks out of the process . " 
 