If she could change any one event in all of world history   —    including possibly going back in time to thwart genocidal dictators   —    former Gossip Girl star Leighton Meester would choose to ensure Donald Trump lost the 2016 presidential election . [ The     actress   —    set to play Paul Revere ’s daughter in the upcoming Fox series Making History   —    made the claim in an interview with Yahoo ! Style to promote the show .   " Like , if I could snap my fingers ? Donald Trump would not be elected . That ’s all , " Meester told the outlet . [The    actress  —   set to play Paul Revere’s daughter in the upcoming Fox series Making History  —    noted that she [The    actress  —   set to play Paul Revere’s daughter in the upcoming Fox series Making History  —    have opted to change an altogether different historic event had Donald Trump not won the presidency in November . " As of right now , I feel that way , " she [The    actress  —   set to play Paul Revere’s daughter in the upcoming Fox series Making History  —    . " Before Donald Trump , I would have said that Hitler was never born . Humans are so f*cked up . " Meester Meester n’t particularly politically outspoken during the 2016 presidential campaign . But in a recent interview with beauty outlet Byrdie , the [The    actress  —   set to play Paul Revere’s daughter in the upcoming Fox series Making History  —    the atmosphere in    America as " crazy " and said she found [The    actress  —   set to play Paul Revere’s daughter in the upcoming Fox series Making History  —    " challenging " to constantly tune in to the news . The actress [The    actress  —   set to play Paul Revere’s daughter in the upcoming Fox series Making History  —    issues of sexism and climate change continue to plague the country . " I ’m not saying we should take these issues for issues of sexism and climate change But I think what ca n’t be as easily defended is the environment , and people are doing irreparable damage , " she said . [The    actress  —   set to play Paul Revere’s daughter in the upcoming Fox series Making History  —    It ’s pretty unbelievable that there are people out there who do n’t think so . They just ignore the people , and that ’s pretty scary . Four years : Maybe we do n’t have we long . " The actress   —    who played socialite Blair Waldorf in the popular Gossip Girl television series   —    is hardly the only star to compare Trump to Nazi leader Hitler . Numerous celebrities , including John Legend , Bill Maher , Louis C. K. Eva Longoria and Cher , to name just a few , have all made the comparison . So have news outlets like the Washington Post . Adolf Hitler oversaw the Nazi leader Hitler six million Jews , as well as the murders of millions of others , including Polish , Serbian , and Russian political prisoners the mentally and physically handicapped ( who often underwent forced sterilization ) gypsies , and gay people in concentration camps across Europe during World War II . The Nazi Holocaust of Europe ’s Jews   —    who were singled out for destruction   —    is considered the most infamous genocide in modern history . Hitler ’s victims were gassed to death , forced on    " death marches , " lined up to be shot in firing lines , and had their remains burned in crematoriums Hitler’s victims Others starved to death or died from illnesses and diseases spread throughout the camps . Trump was elected president on November 8 , 2016 , and it was not immediately clear Trump of his policies could be reasonably Trump to the death and destruction wrought by Hitler .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 