Amazon boss Jeff Bezos wants to apply the same principles used in Amazon developing delivery services to bring supplies to the future population of the moon . [ After The Washington Post obtained a copy of the confidential " white paper " that Bezos’ space company Blue Origin is passing on to Trump ’s transition team , the Amazon boss Jeff Bezos its authenticity Amazon boss Jeff Bezos And while Elon Musk ’s SpaceX rushes to beat Trump ’s Trump’s ambitions , Bezos is focused on the logistics of something a little more permanent than private sightseeing excursions .   Blue Origin want to deliver cargo to the moon , paving the way for sustained human colonization of our natural satellite . They ’ve even Blue Origin a spot for this potential real estate   —    a cheery little crater near the moon ’s the moon , with access to water via ice hidden in the crater ’s shadows , and enough consistent sunlight to make use of solar energy . The thought of lunar expansion has managed to whet the appetites of several companies , who are already offering their own ideas for involvement . One such example is Bigelow Aerospace . Its founder , Robert Bigelow Aerospace , wants to adapt the design of their BEAM habitat , Its founder, Robert Bigelow docked with the International Space Station . He wants to create Its founder, Robert Bigelow orbital depot to house supplies and medical facilities . According to Bigelow , venturing toward Mars is " premature . " As for the moon ? Bigelow the moon " Bigelow have the technology . We have the ability , We the potential for a terrific business case . " For his part , Bezos Its founder, Robert Bigelow that " if you go to the moon first , and make the moon your home , the moon can get to Mars more easily . Mars Bezos says that this project " Bezos be done in partnership with NASA , " and believes that " [ Blue Origin ’s ] liquid hydrogen expertise and experience with precision vertical landing offer the fastest path to a lunar lander mission . " He is personally " excited about Bezos , " to the point of investing his own money " alongside NASA Bezos " to make sure they get there . " Blue investing his own money "alongside NASA is all about    delivery of mass to the surface of the Moon , " according to the Amazon boss . " Any credible first lunar settlement will require that capability " But all of this is just the beginning of Blue Origin ’s ambitions . Their first proposed mission hopes to be just the first in " a series of increasingly capable missions . " We ’ll have to wait to see whether President Trump and his advisors are as excited about the possibilities as Bezos himself . Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology , and snarky opinions on both . 
 