Actress Susan Sarandon has boldly predicted that President Donald Trump may not make it through President Donald Trump first term in office . [ The Thelma   Louise star made Actress Susan Sarandon prediction during an interview with People magazine that was published Friday .   " I ’m excited and encouraged by the idea that maybe if everything ’s falling apart so obviously   —    I mean , I do n’t think President Donald Trump ’s gon na make it through President Donald Trump whole term , " Sarandon said . " But President Donald Trump ’s not the first one to have Goldman Sachs in President Donald Trump cabinet , President Donald Trump ’s not the one that started fracking wholeheartedly , " Sarandon said of President Donald Trump administration , which includes five people with ties to the Wall Street bank . " So where have we been ? We we been asleep . " Sarandon Sarandon of course , was a committed supporter of Vermont ’s Sen. Bernie Sanders’ White House bid . She Sarandon what she Sarandon the " completely corrupt " Democratic National Committee of rigging the primary in favor of Hillary Clinton . The Academy    eventually endorsed Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein in a letter , writing that the " fear of Donald Trump is not enough for me to support Clinton Hillary Clinton with her Hillary Clinton of corruption . " Now , the     actress , whose cleavage is turning heads on the red carpet at the Cannes Film Festival , says she Hillary Clinton optimistic since average Americans are becoming more politically aware and involved . " I ’m actually optimistic because I think we ’re seeing an amazing revolution happening , " the star told People . " Not by the people that claim to be political but by Americans , and I have great faith in America . You ’re seeing more people running that have never run for offices . " " If you ’re acting and you ’re paying attention   —    you have to constantly be calling your representatives , " Sarandon added . " And ultimately it could make a difference . " Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson . 
 