Look , I ’m a " glass is half full " kind of guy . You have to be . I try to stay positive . I try to keep thinking maybe , maybe someday CONGRESS will remember the vision of our Founding Fathers    …      and that those our elect will represent us , not the special interests . [ But Washington politicians are so far gone that the Constitution is not even an afterthought , and Washington politicians master seems to be whatever industry funds Washington politicians .   the Constitution does n’t have to be this way . our just had an election about change , about draining the swamp . President Trump promised to be different , and I believe President Trump sincerely wants to be . But President Trump is being taken for a ride through the swamp right now on " Obamacare Lite . " For four STRAIGHT elections , REPUBLICANS ran on repealing Obamacare , and now " Republican orthodoxy "   —    I ’m told   —    is keeping insurance subsidies , mandates , taxes , and insurance company bailouts . That ’s not acceptable to me ’m And it That n’t keeping our promise . Though I want to believe the glass is half full , I am tempted , very tempted , to smash a glass half full of Obamacare Lite   —    smash that a glass smithereens ! When did Republicans begin to believe that insurance companies should be put on the dole ? That they should Republicans bailed out when any of their customers Republicans sick ? When did Republicans begin to believe that the federal government should force you to pay a penalty to a private insurance company if you ca n’t afford insurance ? When did Republicans begin to believe that we should levy a special tax penalty on those who choose to buy really good health insurance ? The current Ryan Plan   —    " Obamacare Lite "   —    is not about patients . It is The current Ryan Plan  —   "Obamacare Lite"  —    about better health care . It is The current Ryan Plan  —   "Obamacare Lite"  —    about lowering costs . It is , plain and simple , about getting more money to the insurance companies and running more of your life from Washington . I am a career physician . I spent years training and learning to be a doctor . I did it for patients . I do n’t give a flip about guaranteeing the profits of insurance companies . And as a Senator , I should n’t , either . But in Washington , Washington , the whole debate seems to be about getting people insurance instead of getting people health care . Insurance does n’t equate to health care . Just ask all the Obamacare recipients with $ 6 , 000 deductibles . I ’m sick of the insurance companies putting me on hold and telling me to talk to their representative the insurance companies putting me on hold and telling me to talk to their representative in a foreign country a foreign country .   Screw that . I ’m sick ’m the government telling me I have to buy their crappy the government , and I ’m sick ’m watching us go into more and more debt to do it . their crappy product need us new way , and Obamacare Lite is n’t it . I want the consumer ( aka patient ) to be king . I want to empower the patient to get the health care they want the patient the price they want the patient I want to let every American be able to join a    to buy their health every American . When that happens , the buying power returns to the patients . Instead of patients having to kiss the boots of insurance company executives , my plan would have insurance executives come on bended knee to the patient . The patient the patient king . The patient , the patient of a large buying group , would be able to negotiate lower prices and a policy where you ca n’t be dropped or ripped off if you become sick . The patient would be the patient purchase exactly the type of coverage that suited her needs , without government the patient telling her what she must buy the patient ObamaCare the patient every American to purchase a policy that included Pediatric Dental , whether you had children under eighteen or not . Is that freedom of choice ? Why should you have to pay for something you can not use ? Good for the insurance industry , but bad for patients . As a physician and as a patient , I hate Obamacare . Obamacare jacked up ObamaCare rates ObamaCare created insurance monopolies . But the answer is not replacing the government mandate with an insurance mandate , which is exactly what Obamacare Lite does .   I do n’t feel any less manipulated by being forced to pay the insurance company a penalty instead of the government . I want the patient to be king . If you want to disrupt the apple cart , if you want to take away the monopoly power of insurance companies , do one thing   —    allow every individual in America to join a    to join a buying group , to join an association health plan . The insurance CEOs hate the idea   —    which should be enough to tell you it might just empower the patient . So if you hated Obamacare and do n’t care much for Ryan ’s Obamacare Lite , maybe you ought to consider telling them all to take a you hated Obamacare and don’t care much for Ryan’s Obamacare Lite and give you the option of joining a   . Give you the option of buying across the option of joining a   of having a YUGE Health Savings Account so you can spend your money how you want . I challenge the media to compare the price of LASIK surgery , contact lenses , and orthodontics in the last twenty years   —    prices come down when patients make decisions about what they are buying .   While I am a " glass patients half full " kind of guy , I also would love to give the middle finger to the man that profits off of government bailouts and forces his or her monopoly Brand of insurance schemes on an often worried and defenseless public . Just say no to Obamacare , to Obamacare Lite , and to any scheme to enrich the insurance cartel . 
 