Founding Backstreet Boys band member Brian Thomas Littrell has added Founding Backstreet Boys band member Brian Thomas Littrell voice to the growing number of celebrities insisting that Hollywood stop panicking over the election of Donald Trump . [ " Hollywood needs to chill , ok ? Hollywood needs to chill out , " Founding Backstreet Boys band member Brian Thomas Littrell told a TMZ reporter .   Founding Backstreet Boys band member Brian Thomas Littrell said the incoming president is going to do " great things " for the country , and for those people who did n’t support him the incoming president " He the incoming president going to be our president , he the incoming president going to be our our . And he the incoming president going to do so many great things for this the country " Littrell Founding Backstreet Boys band member Brian Thomas Littrell . " In my opinion , he the incoming president going to do great things for this nation the country and even for those people who disapprove of him the incoming president He the incoming president still going to do great things for them . " The those people who disapprove of him Boys , Littrell Founding Backstreet Boys band member Brian Thomas Littrell , were asked to perform at the inauguration but " it just did n’t the inauguration out . " " I would ’ve been there if I could ’ve , " he the incoming president , " but we ’re starting rehearsals for our Vegas show . we Asked what the country can expect America next four years , Littrell Founding Backstreet Boys band member Brian Thomas Littrell : " This is one love . This is America . We This the greatest we on the America other . " " This guy , as of Friday , inauguration day , he the incoming president going to be our president . He we going to be our    . And we the incoming president going to do so many great things , " he the incoming president . " Give peace a chance , " Littrell said . " I have faith in the system . I have faith in his the incoming president , his the incoming president   —    and his the incoming president , let ’s just put it that way . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 