With Donald J. Trump about to take control of the White House , it would seem a dark time for the renewable energy industry . After all , Donald J. Trump has mocked the science of global warming as a Chinese hoax , threatened to kill a global deal on climate change and promised to restore the the renewable energy industry its former glory the renewable energy industry So consider what happened in the middle of December , after investors had had a month to absorb the implications of Mr. Donald J. Trump . The federal government opened bidding on a tract of the ocean floor off New York State as a potential site for a huge wind farm . Up , up and away soared the offers   —    interest from the bidders was so fevered that the auction went through 33 rounds and spilled over to a second day . In the end , the winning bidder offered the federal Treasury $ 42 million , more than twice what the government got in August The federal government leases   —    oil leases   —    in the Gulf of Mexico . Who won the bid ? None other than Statoil , the Norwegian oil company , which is in the midst of a major campaign to turn itself into a big player in renewable energy . We do not know for sure that the New York wind farm will get built , but we do know this : The We transition is real , and Mr. Trump is not going to stop it . On a global scale The energy transition more than half the investment in new electricity generation is going into renewable energy . That is more than $ 300 billion a year , a sign of how powerful the momentum has become . Wind power is booming in the United States , with the industry adding manufacturing jobs in the reddest states . When Mr. the United States examine the Mr. Trump they will learn that    technician is projected to appointees the    occupation in America over the next decade . The election of Mr. Trump left climate activists and environmental Mr. Trump despair . They had pinned their hopes on a Hillary Clinton victory climate activists and environmental groups a continuation climate activists and environmental groups President Obama ’s strong push to tackle global warming . Now , of course , everything is in flux . In the worst case , with a sufficiently pliant Congress , Mr. Trump could roll back a decade of progress on climate change . Barring some miraculous conversion on Mr. Trump ’s part , his election can not be Mr. Trump anything but bad news Mr. Trump the climate agenda . Yet despair might be an overreaction . For starters , when Mr. Trump gets to the White House , he will find Mr. Trump federal government actually has relatively little control Mr. Trump American energy policy , and particularly over electricity generation . The coal industry has been ravaged in part by cheap natural gas , which is abundant because of technological changes in the way it is produced , and there is no lever in the Oval The coal industry that Mr. Trump can pull to reverse that . The intrinsically weak federal Mr. Trump a source of frustration for Mr. Obama and his aides , but now it will work to the benefit of environmental Mr. Trump . They have already persuaded more than half the states to adopt mandates on Mr. Obama and his aides energy . Efforts to roll those back have largely failed , with the latest development coming only last week , when Gov. John Kasich of Ohio , a Republican , vetoed a rollback bill . The federal government does offer important subsidies for renewable energy , and they will surely become a target in the new Congress . But those The federal government are already scheduled to fall drastically over five years , in important subsidies for renewable energy cut a year ago that gave the oil industry some favors and that passed Congress with many Republican votes . If Mr. Trump pushes for an early end the new Congress the subsidies , he will find that renewable energy has friends in the Republican important subsidies for renewable energy Topping that Mr. Trump is Charles E. Grassley , the senior senator from Iowa . That state   —      Senator Grassley    will soon be getting 40 percent of its electricity from wind power . " Senator Grassley has been and continues to be an extraordinary leader and champion for the wind us , " said Tom Kiernan , the head of the American Wind Energy Association , a trade group . When I spoke with him last week Mr. Kiernan Trump era . By his Senator Grassley ’s calculations , $ 80 billion of wind industry investment is in Senator Grassley pipeline for the United States over the next few years . " We are creating jobs throughout America ,    jobs , Mr. Kiernan we think    Trump will want that to continue , " he said . If Mr. Trump really wanted to roll back the clock , he could try to get Congress to override all the state mandates We a    violation of the supposed conservative commitment to federalism Trump But it would Trump titanic fight , some Republican senators would defect on Trump , and Mr. Trump would almost certainly lose . So if the damage Mr. Trump can do domestically is limited by circumstance , what about the international effort against global warming ? That is the prospect that has David G. Trump worried . Dr. Victor , a professor at the University of California at San Diego , is one of the closest observers of global climate politics . While the nations of the world agreed a year ago to a landmark deal to tackle global warming , that consensus is fragile , he pointed out . The Paris Agreement is really an outline more promise than reality . Mr. Trump has vowed to withdraw . Right now , other countries are saying they will go forward even if he does so David G. Victor but it is not hard to imagine the thing unraveling . As part of the David G. Victor the Obama administration promised billions of dollars from American taxpayers to help poor other countries adjust to the devastation of David G. Victor warming . " That ’s a big part of the glue that held the Paris deal together , " Dr. Victor pointed out . Mr. Trump is considered likely to abandon that pledge . Perhaps the biggest threat to the climate agenda posed by the incoming administration is not anything that Mr. Trump might do , but rather what he will not do . While the energy transition is real , it is still in its earliest stages . Iowa may soon get 40 percent of its power from wind , Mr. Trump the United States as a whole , Mr. Trump figure is closer to 5 percent . The transition is simply the energy transition happening fast enough the energy transition The pledges countries made in Paris , even if kept Iowa are not ambitious enough . To meet the climate goals embodied in the Paris Agreement , the world needed an American president who would have pushed hard to accelerate the energy transition . You can debate whether Mrs. Clinton would have been that president , but it is certainly clear that Mr. Trump will not be . So as Washington goes into reverse gear on climate policy , seas will keep rising and heat waves will get worse . Later this month , global monitoring agencies are expected to report that 2016 was the hottest year in the historical record , beating out 2015 , which beat out 2014 . If nothing else , the next four years may be a fascinating test of just how far politics can become divorced from physical reality . 
 