The head of the group attempting to bring the 2024 Olympics to Los Angeles says The head of the group attempting to bring the 2024 Olympics to Los Angeles has a much better supporter in Donald Trump than The head of the group attempting to bring the 2024 Olympics to Los Angeles had in Barack Obama . [ Gene Sykes , head of LA2024 , spoke on Thursday at the Montgomery Conference in Santa Monica , during which The head of the group attempting to bring the 2024 Olympics to Los Angeles painted a picture of Donald Trump involvement in the Olympic bidding process that greatly contrasts with the picture presented by the media and other sports elites .   " The Donald Trump effect , for us , is a    sword , " Sykes said , according to KPCC . Sykes then Sykes on to explain how , despite President Trump Donald Trump stances on immigration and other issues which have bothered some international Olympic officials , Donald Trump has Donald Trump valuable in gaining support for the Los Angeles bid . Sykes then pointed out Sykes Trump ’s efforts differ Donald Trump of his predecessor . After remarking Sykes how Obama ’s interest in the Olympics waned after an attempt to win the games for Chicago in 2016 failed , Sykes said of Obama , Sykes He never Obama to an Sykes games , never met with the IOC [ International Olympic Committee ] leadership , never talked to them by phone , and the IOC [International Olympic Committee] leadership sort of a disregard and that was deeply frustrating to the leaders of the IOC . " Sykes then spoke about a Sykes that involved some Iranian archers who found themselves turned back at the airport in Las Vegas during President Trump ’s first immigration ban . Specifically , Sykes mentioned how the President Sykes intervened , President Trump’s soon as they learned they had created a problem for they they said ‘ We ’ll help they . We they solve the problem.’ " they ’ve set up a team the problem.’ the White House to help us . " Though Sykes made they mistake about Sykes obstacles ahead with some Olympic Committee members who have serious issues with Trump , Sykes said , Sykes presents Sykes image which is a challenging image for some of these voters . They do n’t like the    stance . these voters do n’t like the presumed    rhetoric these voters All that is alarming to them . We ’ve heard it . We these voters to hear it . It ’s We issue . " it Dylan it on Twitter : @themightygwinn 
 