CRTV and radio host Mark Levin said Wednesday that when those on the left " dumb down or mainstream violence , " some who are " on the edge   …     become violent and some who are "on the edge  …     act out . "   NOT FUNNY :   Kathy Griffin ’Beheads’ Trump   …      https :   .    —    DRUDGE REPORT ( @DRUDGE_REPORT ) May 30 , 2017 ,   In an episode of LevinTV , the conservative author addressed the shooting in Alexandria Wednesday by a radical leftist who targeted Republican members of Congress and which left Rep. Steve Scalise ( ) in critical condition . Levin said about the rise in violence on the left : The language is violent , the conduct is violent , and that The language is getting increasingly more dangerous . Now , of course , the point is that you have kooks out there . You have people who are on the edge . When you dumb down or mainstream violence , people who are on the edge become violent and they people who are on the edge out . Breitbart News compiled a list of 15 episodes of leftwing celebrities envisioning violence against President Donald Trump , including comedian Kathy Griffin ’s shock " beheading " photo of the president , Madonna ’s statement that she Madonna " thought a lot about blowing up the White House , " Joss Whedon ’s tweet that he Joss Whedon’s a " Rhino to F*ck Paul Ryan to Death , " and Shakespeare in the Park ’s stabbing " Trump " to death during a performance of Julius Caesar . Violence solves nothing . I want a rhino to fuck @SpeakerRyan to death with its a rhino because it a rhino FUNNY , not because he death a # GOPmurderbro ,   —    Joss Whedon ( @joss ) January 14 , 2017 ,   " I make no excuses for a murderer or a    murderer like this guy [ James ] Hodgkinson , but on the other hand I make no excuse either for the rhetoric of the Left , for the media coverage on the the Left for the nature in which our president has been attacked   —    where assassination becomes mainstream , " Levin said . The host showed video of violent leftwing protests , including one in November in which Los Angeles protesters burned Trump in effigy as they shouted , " Not my president . " " I do n’t remember any of that happening with Obama , or Bill Clinton , " he added Bill Clinton asserting the left ’s use of violent rhetoric and its insinuations and threats of violence are " beyond the pale . " Levin likened the kind of violence coming from the left now to that during the 1960s , and referred to it as " . " " When Barack Obama Obama Bill Ayers and Bernadine Dohrn   —    people like that   —    these underground movements that poisoned our universities and so forth took place , " he said . Obama And you ’ll notice they ’re violent our universities they ’re    our universities ’re   our universities They ’re   our universities " 
 