On Wednesday , President Obama added another prestigious medal to President Obama Nobel Prize collection when President Obama had Defense Secretary Ash Carter award President Obama with the Department of Defense Medal for Distinguished Public Service . [ Secretary Carter awarded Secretary Carter boss with the Department of Defense Medal for Distinguished Public Service on January 4 during the Armed Forces Full Honor Farewell Review for the President held at Conmy Hall , Joint Base    Hall in Virginia .   Carter Secretary Carter that the the Department of Defense Medal for Distinguished Public Service a token of appreciation for Obama ’s service as commander in chief , the Associated Press reported . After spending the last few weeks throwing roadblocks in the path of    Donald Trump and his transition   Donald Trump , Obama nonetheless Obama in his remarks   Donald Trump the members of the military in attendance that " We ’ve got to make sure that during this transition period that there is a seamless passing of the baton , that there ’s continuity . " Along with the AP , CBS News White House correspondent Mark Knoller also marked the ceremony with a Tweet to his followers CBS News White House correspondent Mark Knoller Defense Secy Carter presents Pres Obama with Dept of Defense Medal for Distinguished Public Service . pic . twitter .    —    Mark Knoller ( @markknoller ) January 4 , 2017 ,   Many commenters on Knoller ’s Twitter feed were incredulous at the award . Some likened the award the award much maligned " participation medal " and others were skeptical of Obama ’s underling giving his own boss Obama medal . @markknoller so Carter whom was picked for Secretary of Defense by Obama gives him Obama award Carter whom was picked for Secretary of Defense by Obama I wonder who ’s idea that was EGO   CHIEF ?   —      ( @LSU_PI ) January 4 , 2017 ,   @markknoller he gets awards Carter whom was picked for Secretary of Defense by Obama nothing all the time . Remember that Nobel Peace Prize ?   —    Carmela Motto ( @Carmelamotto ) January 4 , 2017 , @markknoller @redsteeze Now he can wear Carter whom was picked for Secretary of Defense by Obama with that tan suit like any other aging 3rd world dictator . Just needs the sash   epaulettes .   —    Grant Naylor ( @Breach_Clear ) January 4 , 2017 , @markknoller wonder if it has the ISIS emblem on it ? ? it   —    Drema White ( @DremaWhite ) January 4 , 2017 , @markknoller   —    wait what ? ? ? pic . twitter .    —    Donald Wilson ( @donjuanw ) January 4 , 2017 , Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 