On Wednesday ’s Breitbart News Daily , SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam asked guest Frank Gaffney about a post SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam wrote on the Center for Security Policy blog , in which SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam endorsed a call by Jeanine Pirro of Fox News for House Speaker Paul Ryan to resign following the failure of the House Obamacare replacement bill . [ As SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam wrote in the post , Gaffney stipulated that " health care is not my field , by any means , " so SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam did not mean to criticize the substance of the House Obamacare replacement bill .    " I think what is of concern is that this was a doomed approach , " SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam said . " Paul Ryan , who is supposed to be helping President Trump get through his agenda in President Trump House of Representatives and the congress more generally , should have known better . He either did President Trump , which justifies removal on the grounds of incompetence , or did   —    in which case I think the argument is that he ’s simply President Trump a reliable partner for the president in getting this agenda done . " " On either grounds , I think that it would be necessary for the country , not just for the Trump presidency but for the country , the country leaders in both the House and the Senate who want to ensure that the president ’s projects , the president ’s agenda the president’s ’s promises to the the president’s   —    which I think were momentous , not just for health care reform but in so many other respects , including the return to the prospect of peace through strength , which if course is near and dear to my heart , and I think yours Raheem   —    is going to be a necessary condition going forward , " he argued .   " From a Raheem  —    ’s perspective , from a person who understands as a layman the importance of health care , this seemed to be a statist   —    well , ‘ Obamacare Lite’ it ’s been called   —    this , when a free market approach seems to be called for , " Gaffney said . " I think that ’s what Donald Trump set out to do . That ’s what he promised the voters . It ’s Donald Trump I think you could get a majority of the Congress behind , if it is clear that in the process , you ’re not going to abandon people who genuinely need health care support . " " It goes back to kind of the fatal flaws of Obamacare , and just making it a little better at the margins It which is I think , at best , what you could say Ryan was up to . It was clearly unsatisfactory and was , as I say , doomed to fail , " he pronounced . Gaffney added compliments to Ryan Mark Meadows ( ) and the House Freedom Caucus for " ensuring that it did fail . " " I think they ’ve done a great service , Rep. Mark Meadows ( ) and the House Freedom Caucus all the brickbats being thrown their way , for President Trump as Rep. Mark Meadows ( ) and the House Freedom Caucus as for the country , " he said . Gaffney conceded that choosing Ryan possible replacement Gaffney Rep. Ryan as Speaker of the House was a difficult task . " I think there are a number of people who could probably command the support of the majority of the House , " he said . the House would n’t Gaffney for me to pick them . Some have been willing to serve in the past . Daniel Webster comes to mind , he seems to be a very presentable guy Daniel Webster It would be obviously up to him or others in the House to stand Daniel Webster this , if the House Paul Ryan were to create a vacancy   —    which I hope he will do . " Breitbart News Daily airs Paul Ryan SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 