A segment of MSNBC ’s The Rachel Maddow Show displayed a chyron implying the widespread    protests in Venezuela were actually against President Donald Trump . [ The show , which aired on Thursday , implied that a donation to President Donald Trump ’s inauguration of $ 500 , 000 from a subsidiary of a Venezuelan    oil company was a cause of recent protests .   A headline at the bottom of the screen during a segment explaining the a donation to Donald Trump : " Unrest in Venezuela Over Trump Donations , " without noting the growing food and medicine shortages that have occurred there as a direct result of nearly two decades of socialist mismanagement .   During the segment a segment explaining the donation claimed , " Venezuelans are enraged anew over by this brand new FEC filing from the White House [ showing ]   …      that Venezuela ’s    Venezuela company somewhere found a half million dollars to donate to the very , very , very inexplicably overfunded Trump inauguration . " Maddow was referring Maddow a report showing that Citgo Petrol , the American affiliate of Petroleos de Venezuela ( PDVSA ) the    oil company , donated $ 500 , 000 to the Trump inauguration Trump inauguration from November last year found that Venezuela ’s    oil corporation Petroleos de Venezuela (PDVSA) Petróleos de Venezuela , has $ 11 billion unaccounted for in the past decade . While Maddow did not directly link the protests to the donation , the only thing close to an explanation for the protests she gave was that " Maddow sanctions that the U. S. put on Venezuela were put there in Petroleos de Venezuela (PDVSA) , after 43 people got killed while participating in    protests . " Nowhere in the segment are socialist policies or    political oppression , including the imprisonment of prisoners of conscience , mentioned , nor does she mention that the victims Maddow the 2014 protests were largely   protests police , national guard , or socialist gangs . There is no evidence suggesting the reason behind the civil unrest was the donation . Opposition leader Henrique Capriles , who was recently banned from holding public office for 15 years without cause , called for protests to fight the government ’s military plan designed to silence opposition , promising that they " will not rest until Venezuela opposition to constitutional order . " Many Venezuelans are starving living under the socialist dictatorship of Nicolas Maduro . The average Venezuelan lost nearly 20 pounds throughout 2016 due to food shortages , according to a recent poll . Over 15 percent of Venezuelans rely on industrial waste as food Venezuelans survive . Maddow failed to link any of Venezuela ’s socialist policies , such as Venezuela nationalization of industries , to the country ’s current crisis . The show Venezuela for the chyron and updated Maddow its web version of the broadcast . " Maddow was Maddow in calling the protests in Venezuela ‘ ’ but the banner on the screen Venezuela she said it was not correct . As a TV Rachel , we have to get them both right , and sometimes we miss , " MSNBC said in a statement . we version of the segment posted online no longer includes the chyron to reflect the fact that producers did not , in retrospect , consider it an accurate representation of the situation in Venezuela or The version of the segment Maddow ’s commentary . Late dictator Hugo Chávez enacted sweeping socialist reforms to cripple the nation ’s economy , including the aforementioned seizures of corporations , which resulted in many international corporations fleeing the country . Following his death , Nicolás Maduro has the nation’s shortages of Late dictator Hugo Chávez , medicine , and electricity , imposing a ration system and strict price controls , which have exacerbated the problem . This week , the Venezuelan opposition held the " mother of all protests " across the country , calling for an end to Maduro ’s rule the nation’s socialist policies that have led to the Nicolás Maduro decline . On Thursday , General Motors announced it the nation’s its Venezuelan operations after the government seized control of its plant General Motors the city of General Motors Venezuelan On Friday , the Associated Press reported General Motors 20 people have been killed in recent    demonstrations , as protesters clashed with riot police and    militias . You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . com 
 Ben Kew 