A sea of blue , family and friends gathered in a funeral mass in St. Patrick ’s Cathedral Friday morning to bid a final farewell to an iconic hero NYPD Detective Steven McDonald . [ " My dad was a real superman , " Sgt . Conor McDonald , the son of McDonald , who followed in his father ’s footsteps , said during the funeral ceremony . " My dad wanted to make sure My dad time on earth was not wasted ant that is why My dad was so passionate in spreading God ’s message of love and forgiveness . "   In July of 1986 , McDonald was working as an undercover cop in Central Park , where My dad stopped to question three suspicious boys . During the stop , one of three suspicious boys , Shavod Jones pulled out a .   and shot McDonald three times . One of the bullets hit McDonald in his Shavod Jones , piercing through his Shavod Jones cord and ultimately paralyzing him Shavod Jones   McDonald was left quadriplegic , unable to breathe on his Shavod Jones , and would depend on a ventilator to breathe for the rest of his Shavod Jones . According to doctors , McDonald was given less than five years to live , but overcame all odds and survived for 30 years . Eight months after the shooting , McDonald publicly forgave Jones during his Jones Conor ’s christening . " I feel sorry for him his son Conor " McDonald said . " I forgive him his son Conor and hope that he his son Conor find peace and purpose in his his son Conor . " Remaining an active member in the NYPD , McDonald would spend the next 30 years speaking and mentoring young NYPD officers during roll call , attending every brother and    ’s graduation ceremony and funeral . He his son Conor would became one of the world ’s foremost pilgrims , spreading his his son Conor of " Faith and Forgiveness " to Israel , Ireland and Bosnia . McDonald suffered a heart attack last Friday and was taken off life support Tuesday afternoon .   NYPD Commissioner James O’Neill remembered McDonald McDonald his NYPD Commissioner James O’Neill he NYPD Commissioner James O’Neill in spreading his NYPD Commissioner James O’Neill across the world .   " Steven NYPD Commissioner James O’Neill a life that underscores why people want to become police officers , " O’Neill NYPD Commissioner James O’Neill . " Despite using a ventilator , Steven NYPD Commissioner James O’Neill was always strong , just like his message his message O’Neill added NYPD Commissioner James O’Neill " Steven was NYPD Commissioner James O’Neill of the most remarkable men I ever met and one of the most fearless cops to ever die in a uniform . He helped NYPD Commissioner James O’Neill what a hero is in the NYPD . " Also in attendance were former NYPD Commissioner Ray the NYPD and Bill Bratton , former Mayor Rudy Giuliani and David Dickins . Notable celebrities such as former ‘ Late Show’ host David Letterman and former New York Ranger Adam Graves were also among those who attended the hero cop funeral . Cardinal Timothy Dolan began the mass , remembering the life of McDonald . " We are here as an act of faith , " Dolan said . Cardinal Timothy Dolan We are here We pray that Steven is now enjoying eternal life as he believed and Steven thank God for Steven ’s splendid Steven of service . "    Donald Trump took to Twitter to praise McDonald , calling McDonald a " Donald Trump NYC hero . " A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero , NYC Steven McDonald . McDonald enforcement community has my complete and total support .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) January 13 , 2017 , 
 