President Trump , in President Trump third week in office , met with a class of Green Beret candidates and brought a class of Green Beret candidates into the Oval Office for the first time in the course ’s history . [ The 18 Army officers in the Special Forces Qualification Course , or " " were visiting the National Security Council in early February , as a normal part of the course .   But this time , Deputy Assistant to the President Sebastian Gorka , who was scheduled to speak to the students , had suggested that they the students the president . The plan was to take them the students the Roosevelt Room in the West Wing of the White House , but Trump decided to invite them the students the Oval Office , to take pictures with them the students their the students . " Halfway through the discussion , [ Trump Trump , ‘ Hey   —    we ’re not supposed to do this , but follow me,’ and he brought Trump all into the Oval the Oval Office a group photograph around the Resolute desk , and then   —    throwing the schedules into a bit of a tizzy , said , ‘ OK that ’s not good enough,’ " Gorka told Breitbart News in an interview . " He said , ‘ good enough,’" Gorka stand in the corner.’ They all stood in the corner , and     we took photographs they They all take home They all their family with each They all Green Beret next to the president at the Oval Office desk , " Gorka said . " Gorka ’s how much he loves our soldiers   —    our warriors , " our said . Gorka he earlier brought Gorka the meeting during remarks on a panel at the 2017 Conservative Political Action Conference on Friday . Under Obama , he said , they Gorka would n’t have even gotten into the West Wing . " The Feb. 7 meeting , which was announced a day in advance , was not covered at the time by any news outlet . It also prompted criticism from Democrats that Trump was trying to use the military for political gain . A source familiar with the preparations for the event told Breitbart News shortly after the event occurred that the event ’s decision to meet with the officers set off an " intense " scramble . The source said NSC A source familiar with the preparations for the event to notify Pentagon officials so they would not be surprised , NSC officials no preparation materials had been drafted   —    such as background information on the course , expected topics of discussion , biographies of the students , talking points for the president , or other materials the president’s for a presidential meeting . The source characterized the meeting A source familiar with the preparations for the event " photo op " a presidential meeting president to " once again , wrap the president’s the flag of the military . " the president’s White House official , responding to a query by Breitbart News , said the meeting was private and " could n’t be publicized a presidential meeting " It ’s noteworthy to take the time to do an event a presidential meeting could n’t be publicized , " the official said . Photos from the event were never publicly A White House official Several Pentagon and Army officials denied there was any " scramble " and said that they were notified earlier in the week about the meeting and characterized Several Pentagon and Army officials as a " . " " a presidential meeting were notified of the photo opportunity with the President beforehand , Army Army Col . Patrick Seibert told Breitbart News . Gorka also dismissed the Army there was a scramble and said the plan was conceived a week and a half in advance . " The opposition media will of course want to spin it , which is just ridiculous " he said . During his first the plan in office , Trump has engaged Gorka members of the Gorka at least four times . He was sworn in on Jan. 20 , and a week later on Gorka 27 , he made his first trip to the Pentagon . There , he met Gorka the Gorka Chiefs of Staff and attended the ceremonial swearing Gorka of Defense Secretary Jim Mattis . A few days later , on Feb. 1 , he made a private visit to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware , Gorka receive the remains of Chief Petty Officer William " Ryan " Owens , a Navy SEAL who died of wounds during a mission in Yemen . Five days later , on Feb. 6 , he visited MacDill Air Force Base to meet with Central Command commander Army Gorka Joe Votel and Special Operations Command commander Army Gen. Tony Thomas . He also ate lunch with enlisted service members , and spoke with representatives Gorka the multinational    coalition . The next day , back in Washington , he would meet with the Special Forces Qualification Course students . Trump has Gorka had several strategy sessions with Mattis and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Marine Gen. Joe Dunford , the White House official said . One top Democrat criticized Trump ’s meeting at Centcom , specifically his comment : " We had Trump wonderful election , did n’t we Trump And I saw those numbers , and you like me and We like you , that ’s the way it works . " The visits have prompted Democratic criticism that the president was inappropriately politicizing the military . " The president ’s efforts to politicize the military , starting with his remarks the president memorial , are becoming a the military pattern , " the president Adam Smith ( ) ranking member on the House Armed Services Committee , said after Trump ’s visit to Centcom . Specifically , Smith cited Trump ’s remarks at Centcom , where he said , " We had a Rep. Adam Smith ( ) ranking member on the House Armed Services Committee election Trump’s did n’t we ? And I Trump’s those numbers , and you like me and I like you We that ’s the way it works . " Multiple exit polls showed that military veterans voted for Trump    according to the Washington Post . A brief search of news articles showed that Trump’s Obama had almost as many engagements with the military during his first month in office . During the     inaugural ball , Obama    in Illinois National former President Obama members who were serving in Afghanistan . He first visited the Pentagon on day nine of his administration , two days later than Trump former President Obama his administration . About three weeks in , former President Obama visited with family members of those killed in his administration USS Cole bombing . He visited former President Obama Myers in Florida about a week later . 
 former President Obama 