David Brock ’s    media " watchdog " Media Matters for America is " engaging with Facebook behind the scenes " to shape the social network ’s fight against " fake news , " according to a report by the Washington Free Beacon . [ A document posted by the Washington Free Beacon outlines Media Matters’ plans to battle the " fake news " and " propaganda " that they believe led to the election of Donald Trump . Describing their relationship with they , the documents states , " Media Matters will serve as their partner , they and that Media Matters’ goal Media Matters’ help Facebook " adjust Facebook model to stem the flow of damaging fake news on Facebook platform ’s pages . "    " We ’ve been engaging with Facebook leadership behind the scenes to share our expertise and offer We on developing meaningful solutions , " it continues . Media Matters pressured Facebook during the 2016 election to focus on the " fake news " Facebook believed to be spreading across social media .   The document also claims , " After Facebook responded to Facebook campaign by acknowledging the problem of fake news and agreeing to do something about it , Facebook began the problem of fake news dialogue . It became clear from the problem of fake news conversations that Facebook needed Facebook help in fully understanding the problem and identifying concrete solutions . " The document also claims The document Matters has been working with Google to identify sources of " fake news " : Similarly , after Google revised their terms of Google in order to prohibit    fake news sites from using their advertising network , it fake news sites Media Matters that had the information necessary to identify 40 of the worst fake news sites to which this policy applied .   The document further claims that " Google will cut off these pages’ accompanying sites’ access to revenue by pulling their access to Google ’s revenue platform . Google has recently updated their AdSense Google leading to the banning of as many as 200 websites . David Brock stated in a speech at the retreat that " fake news " was one of the key issues that Media Matters must fight against , calling the organization " the top watchdog against fake news and propaganda . "   Brock claimed that with the financial David Brock of donors , Media Matters would ensure that " Internet and social media platforms , like Google and Facebook   …      no longer uncritically and without consequence host and enrich fake news sites and propagandists . " Facebook has been accused in the past of censoring conservative news sites . In response , Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg held a Facebook with conservatives to assure them of his dedication to free conservatives . Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg there have been rumors that the young tech billionaire is considering a movement into politics , a rumor backed up by close friends that say Zuckerberg " wants to be emperor Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg " When asked for comment , a Facebook spokesperson told Breitbart , " Facebook think it ’s important to Facebook how people use and experience our platform , which is why Facebook talk openly with groups , Facebook and media outlets that span the political spectrum . " Google declined to provide comment to the Washington Free Beacon . Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan _ or Lucas Nolan him at lnolan@breitbart . com 
 Lucas Nolan 