The president of the open borders group known as La Raza is comparing President Donald Trump ’s immigration orders to a number of historic atrocities , including the slave trade , in a new Washington Post   . [ The piece by National Council of La Raza President Janet Murguía , claims President Donald Trump’s plan to deport criminal illegal immigrants build a wall along the southern border and crack down on sanctuary cities will " similarly tarnish our nation ’s character " like the the slave trade :   Some of the darkest chapters in U. S. history have involved forcibly relocating minority populations : the slave trade , the Trail of Tears , Operation Wetback and the internment of citizens and noncitizens of Japanese descent during World War II . Each was considered legal and justified in its time . Now they are condemned Each assaults on the values that define our nation . President Trump ’s first executive order on immigration and the draft enforcement memos signed by Secretary of Homeland Security John F. Kelly promise to similarly tarnish our nation ’s character . The memos call for expanding the nation ’s deportation forces by 15 , 000 to round up , detain and deport the undocumented immigrants living among us . Instead of focusing on criminals , they make all Instead of focusing on criminals people priorities for enforcement , and through a process called " expedited removal , " they severely reduce Instead of focusing on criminals process protections . Murguía says Trump ’s immigration orders through the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) are based entirely " on falsehoods " about illegal aliens , arguing that illegal immigration is down and it does not illegal immigration as much of a threat as the Trump Administration purports . The La Raza president also parroted the talking points that illegal aliens help grow the economy by paying taxes every year : And the cost of the undocumented ? Their contributions to the undocumented economy far the economy burden . According the undocumented the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy , undocumented immigrants pay $ 11 . 6 billion in taxes each year . According to the Social Security Administration , undocumented workers contribute $ 15 billion annually to the fund , but only withdraw an estimated $ 1 billion . This claim has been repeatedly debunked by groups like the Federation for Immigration Reform ( FAIR ) which found in a comprehensive study that illegal immigration costs American taxpayers a whopping $ 113 billion , as Breitbart Texas reported . Murguía also claims that there is " little evidence that most undocumented immigrants pose a threat to national security . " But , in documents released by the Senate Judiciary Committee ’s subcommittee on Immigration and the National Interest back in 2016 , research found that there have been 580 individuals convicted of terrorism in the U. S. since the September 11th attacks , with 380 of those individuals being    terrorists , as Breitbart News reported . Murguía refers to the recent deportation of Guadalupe Garcia de Rayos , an illegal immigrant living in Phoenix , Arizona , with her two children for 20 years . " A woman who was a resident of Phoenix for 20 years Phoenix also deported , leaving behind her two U. S. her children , " Murguía writes in the Murguía . " They are hardly security her two U. S.  children , but will be ‘ enforcement priorities’ under Homeland Security ’s new policy . " Nonetheless , Murguía did not mention Murguía Garcia de Rayos had been detained by Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) in 2008 after she was found to Garcia de Rayos illegally using a Social Security number to work at a theme park , as Breitbart Texas reported . In 2013 , a judge ordered Garcia de Rayos to Garcia de Rayos Mexico , but she instead was required to periodically Garcia de Rayos with immigration officials due to lax enforcement policies under former President Obama . Murguía goes on to claim that the Trump administration has " declared war " referring to ICE ’s efforts to deport criminal illegal immigrants as " stalking people leaving church or going to the movies . " Murguía ’s piece concludes with a Murguía the rest of the open borders lobby and amnesty advocates to continue to try to hold up deportation processes by the Trump Administration , writing " we ’re deploying every tool we ’ve got to oppose this    policy   —    in the media , in the courts and in peaceful protests in the streets . " John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 John Binder 