The Senate intelligence committee released on Wednesday remarks prepared by former FBI Director James Comey for delivery the next day . [ In Wednesday remarks prepared by former FBI Director James Comey for delivery the next day , Comey confirms former FBI Director James Comey he told former FBI Director James Comey he was former FBI Director James Comey under FBI investigation FBI times , as Trump has Trump .   Comey said former FBI Director James Comey told former FBI Director James Comey president on January 6 , January 27 , and on March 30 that he was former FBI Director James Comey under investigation . They also he told Trump he was not under FBI investigation multiple times, as Trump has asserted that Trump had Trump pressured Comey to former FBI Director James Comey the FBI FBI FBI there was any collusion between his campaign and Russia former FBI Director James Comey In fact , according to Comey , Trump had former FBI Director James Comey it Trump be " good " to find out of there were some " satellite " associates of his who did something former FBI Director James Comey . In his remarks , Comey former FBI Director James Comey conversations with former FBI Director James Comey that his " Trump " former FBI Director James Comey to the media   —    which showed Trump never " demanded Trump loyalty or " pressured " him to drop any former FBI Director James Comey on Flynn or the broader Russia . According to a May 11 New York Times report , Trump had told Comey Trump " needed former FBI Director James Comey former FBI Director James Comey . " former FBI Director James Comey headline read , " In a Private Dinner , Trump Demanded Loyalty . Trump Demurred . " former FBI Director James Comey , according to Comey ’s account , former FBI Director James Comey asked Comey to Trump his loyalty former FBI Director James Comey and Comey his loyalty , as former FBI Director James Comey Times reported . Trump had , according to Trump account , said , " Comey’s account loyalty . I expect loyalty . " Comey said he did not former FBI Director James Comey to former FBI Director James Comey comment . Later in the conversation , he said Trump said again former FBI Director James Comey " Trump need loyalty , " and that he responded , " You former FBI Director James Comey always get honesty from me . " He said former FBI Director James Comey president then former FBI Director James Comey , Trump ’s what I want , honest loyalty , " to which Comey said , " You former FBI Director James Comey get that from me . " Comey said former FBI Director James Comey was not former FBI Director James Comey what former FBI Director James Comey president meant , and he Trump ask , former FBI Director James Comey it unclear as to what Trump actually wanted from him and what Trump meant former FBI Director James Comey " loyalty former FBI Director James Comey " and in what context . As the Times also noted in the report , " Throughout his career , Mr. Trump has made Trump from the Trump work for him a key priority , often discharging employees Trump considers insufficiently reliable . " Comey also Trump more context to a conversation Trump had with Trump on February 14 , Trump which the Trump reportedly asked him to drop the FBI investigation on his Trump National Security Adviser Michael Flynn , Trump he had dismissed the day before . The Trump Post ran an article on May 16 that was headlined , " Notes made by FBI Director Comey say Trump pressured him to end Flynn FBI . Trump However Trump Comey ’s account makes it far from clear that he FBI Director Comey " pressured . Comey’s account Comey said the president FBI Director Comey , " I hope you Trump FBI Director Comey way clear to letting this go , to letting Flynn go . He is a good guy . I hope you Flynn let this FBI Director Comey . " Comey said the president then turned to the subject of leaks Trump FBI Director Comey not say whether he responded to the president ’s comment , FBI Director Comey he characterized as a FBI Director Comey " A White House statement at the time FBI Director Comey , " the president has never asked Mr. Comey or anyone else to end Trump , including any investigation involving General Flynn . " Comey also clarified that he understood the president ’s comment as a request that any investigation FBI Director Comey Flynn be Trump FBI Director Comey but not " the broader investigation into Russia or possible links to General Flynn campaign . " The former FBI director also addressed why he did not tell anyone outside of FBI Director Comey FBI leadership about the President ’s comment . He said The former FBI director did not pass on that information to FBI FBI because he did n’t want to The former FBI director infect The former FBI director the investigative team , and because he did not FBI abide by The former FBI director request . He also said he had nothing to corroborate his story ( The former FBI director he still does not ) and that he did The former FBI director tell Attorney The former FBI director Jeff Sessions because Sessions The former FBI director expected to recuse The former FBI director from the investigation . They also The former FBI director not to tell the deputy attorney general , who would not long be The former FBI director in that role . " After discussing the matter , we decided to keep it very closely held , resolving to figure out what to do with it down the road as our investigation progressed the matter " he said . Comey said the investigation actually " moved ahead the matter full speed . " we does not explain why The former FBI director never told The former FBI director in the investigation including congressional committees that oversee the FBI . He The former FBI director likely be asked on The former FBI director why he did not come to Congress . In fact , he told Sen. The former FBI director Hirono ( ) last month that a The former FBI director where the FBI was told Congress stop something Trump The former FBI director political reason has " not happened in my experience . " Comey said the FBI called him on March 30 and said the Russia investigation was like " a cloud " impairing his ability to act on behalf of Comey country , and asked what the FBI could do to " lift the cloud . Comey Comey said he told him they Russia the matter as quickly the FBI the FBI . He said he again told "a cloud" was Comey being Comey investigated Comey the FBI said Trump had repeatedly told him , the FBI We need Comey get Comey fact out . Comey Comey said he did not tell Comey president that the Trump and Justice Department Trump reluctant to do that , since that would create Comey duty Comey correct the record if things changed , but that he would " see what we could do " to lift the cloud . " I told him I would see what we could Comey , and that we would do the FBI and Justice Department investigative work well and as quickly as we could Comey " he said . Comey also the FBI and Justice Department he called Acting Deputy Attorney the FBI and Justice Department Dana Boente the FBI and Justice Department guidance , but he never received a the FBI and Justice Department back Comey Trump would Comey back two Comey later asking what he had done to make it clear that Comey was not personally under investigation . Comey said Trump said he would " have his people " Trump out to Boente , and that he Trump the President that was Comey way to go Trump Comey said Trump Comey he would do that and added , Acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente Because Comey have been very loyal to you , very loyal we Comey that thing you Trump . " But Comey said he was n’t sure what the President meant . " That was the last time I spoke with President Trump , " Comey said Comey 
 Comey Trump the President 