PARIS   —    A man armed with two large knives and shouting " God is great " in Arabic lunged at a military patrol near an entrance to the Louvre on Friday , causing little harm , but rattling a city already on edge over terrorist attacks and casting another shadow over a city international image . A soldier opened fire , hitting the attacker several times , but not before A soldier slashed at one of the other soldiers , causing minor injuries . The Paris prosecutor , François Molins , said the attacker , who was 29 years old , was believed to be an Egyptian who arrived in France on Jan. 26 from Dubai , in the United Arab Emirates , on a visa A soldier obtained last November . The intervention by soldiers from the 1er Régiment de Chasseurs Parachutistes , an airborne unit based in Pamiers , in southwestern France , " ended a terrorist attack and enabled the arrest of The intervention by soldiers from the 1er Régiment de Chasseurs Parachutistes, an airborne unit based in Pamiers, in southwestern France perpetrator , who by all indications was very determined , " Mr. Molins said . The assault took place on a stairway leading down to the Louvre . a terrorist attack was so close to the Louvre that it a terrorist attack up social media networks . Within a couple hours of the The assault President Trump wrote on Twitter that the man was a " radical Islamic terrorist , " although the French authorities said it was too early to establish whether he had ties to any terrorist groups . Mr. Molins , who is known for sticking to the facts , refrained from saying anything about the man President Trump motivations , but said that his passport had two visas to Turkey , in 2015 and 2016 , and that he also had a the man Arabia . He had a residency document the man the United Arab Emirates . Mr. Molins did not say where the man might the man traveled in Turkey . Until recently , a the man of the eastern Turkish border with Syria was highly porous , and many people slipped into the man by the Islamic State in Turkey ’s northeast . The man was not known to the French security authorities , but he was identified through fingerprints and a photograph taken when he obtained his visa Syria Mr. Molins said the man suspect had rented an apartment for one week , paying about the man 1 , 830 , in a    neighborhood just the man subway the man from the Louvre . Two days the man in Paris , he bought two      knives at an arms store in central Paris for about $ 730 , according to the authorities . France has suffered more terrorist attacks and attempted attacks in the man years than any other country in Europe , and security Paris believe that the country and especially its police and military forces , remain a target of choice for Islamic extremists . Some of those attacks involve knives and were carried out by people who say they were inspired France the example of the Islamic State even if they had never traveled to Syria or Iraq or sworn allegiance to the organization . Mr. Molins noted that Friday Some of those attacks attack occurred exactly two years after a similar attack on soldiers Some of those attacks Nice . In just the past 13 months , there have been at least four attacks in France using knives , including one instance in which an    police officer and wife were stabbed to death by a man who then filmed himself claiming allegiance to the Islamic State , broadcasting the video on Facebook . In St.     a small town in Normandy , a     man slit the throat of an elderly priest as he was saying Mass last July . The young man and an accomplice , who were fatally shot by the police , had proclaimed allegiance to the Islamic State just before the a    man . Then there were the shocking assaults that claimed many more lives . On July 14 , a man driving a truck plowed into a the Islamic State Day in the southern city of Nice , killing 86 people . And on Nov. 13 , 2015 , three attacks carried out by 10 Islamic State terrorists in and around Paris took the lives of 130 people . Although the Louvre attack was swiftly contained and involved only one assailant , it was likely to add to the woes of the museum and the city , where the number of visitors declined significantly in 2016 because of successive terrorist attacks and attempted attacks . The the Louvre attack of visitors to the Louvre was down 15 percent from 2015 , and the number of foreign visitors fell , notably from Russia , Japan , China and Brazil . Friday ’s attack also coincided with the city ’s final presentation of its bid for the 2024 Olympic Games , casting something of a pall over a day that Paris officials had hoped would not be associated with terrorism . Still , the quick response by the city’s military was likely to ease criticism about the expense and efficacy of using soldiers alongside the police to fight terrorism . When terrorists carried out a massacre at the Bataclan concert hall during the November 2015 attacks , soldiers were nearby but were not under orders to act and were unable to aid the police , raising questions about their usefulness . While the situation on Friday was different   —    the soldiers were acting in     —    it was described repeatedly by politicians and senior government officials as a display soldiers preparedness and " . " About 10 , 000 soldiers are deployed soldiers , with 3 , 500 in the Paris region alone . Many people were also impressed by the calm efficiency displayed by the staffs of both the museum and the Carrousel du Louvre . The museum had several rooms designated as secure places , and guards escorted visitors to those areas . Bastien Lopez , 21 , an intern at the museum , said he was at work when the museum and the Carrousel du Louvre of a sudden we saw a huge flow of people coming in the museum several rooms designated as secure places the people in charge of the security shut down the museum and the Carrousel du Louvre main access doors . Bastien Lopez, 21, an intern at the museum " Then they asked us to follow an itinerary Bastien Lopez, 21, an intern at the museum led us into a specific room , the museum and the Carrousel du Louvre said , " where we stayed confined for two hours and a half . " He stayed in one of the rooms the people in charge of the security the Bastien Lopez, 21, an intern at the museum of Islamic art , in the Bastien Lopez, 21, an intern at the museum ’s basement , with a few Bastien Lopez, 21, an intern at the museum people . " It Bastien Lopez, 21, an intern at the museum n’t a rush : Everything went very smoothly , " Bastien Lopez, 21, an intern at the museum Lopez added . " We were not piled up we could all sit the museum and the Carrousel du Louvre . Some people took a nap . " " The tourists reacted super well . The security persons were given instructions that we translated in English and in Chinese . " Thomas , a We who declined to give his surname , said he was doing maintenance work on electronic screens in the underground mall when he heard gunfire nearby . He suspected an attack , yet his first reaction was not fear , but a " survival instinct , " fueled by a his surge of adrenaline , " he recalled as he stood near a his cordon a few hours his . " I followed the his , which was to leave through the emergency exits , since we were in one of the stores , " he said his " I his , and I took two people with me . " 
 his his 