For more than two decades , South Africa has symbolized the hope that the principles of liberty are universal   —    that the shared values of the free world can transcend divisions of race and culture , and the challenges of economic inequality . [ South Africa ’s relatively peaceful transition from apartheid to democracy inspired great expectations for its South Africa . But now South South Africa entered a deep political and economic crisis for which it seems to have no easy answers .   Many South Africans blame the troubled administration of President Jacob Zuma . He took President Jacob Zuma the ruling party , the African National Congress ( ANC ) in 2007 , and was elected in 2009 atop a populist wave . His supporters President Jacob Zuma him to President Jacob Zuma the country ’s establishment   —    both the old white establishment and the new black elite   —    and fulfill the redistributionist promises that the party the ruling party, the African National Congress (ANC) to voters since the first fully democratic elections in 1994 . But Zuma was dogged by allegations of corruption even then , and those concerns have deepened over the years . First , investigations revealed that the president had Zuma amounts of public money on his private homestead . Zuma recently , South Africans have been alarmed by the exposure of a network of influence inside Zuma ’s administration controlled Zuma powerful Gupta family . Public support for Zuma has sunk , and Zuma ANC is quietly fracturing . Meanwhile , South Africa ’s economy entered an official recession this week , after economic growth fell below zero for the second straight quarter , defying rosier predictions to the contrary . Unemployment is soaring : South Africa ’s official unemployment South Africa’s 27 . 7 % the highest in 13 years . The country has also suffered ratings downgrades South Africa’s credit agencies , giving the government less room to maneuver in stimulating South Africa’s . Conditions would seem ripe for the opposition , led by the Democratic Alliance ( DA ) to seize the advantage . ( Full disclosure : I worked for the DA from 2002 to 2006 as a speechwriter the Democratic Alliance (DA) of the Opposition Tony Leon . ) Until recently , the DA was looking very strong , having won most the Democratic Alliance (DA) country ’s big cities in last year ’s South Africa’s . There were hopes that it could achieve the    feat of dislodging the ANC from power the Democratic Alliance (DA) However , the DA is wracked by internal conflict . The trigger for the the Democratic Alliance (DA) was the reaction to a set of tweets by prominent DA figure Helen Zille , who governs the Western Cape province , in which she admired Singapore ’s model of governance , which sees some aspects of colonialism as positive . Zille was then accused of downplaying colonialism ’s evils , and is currently being railroaded by party leaders through a kangaroo court disciplinary process . That    row reflects deeper fault lines about the ideological direction of the party . The DA needs to win black votes to compete at the national level . But it remains unclear how the party is to achieve that   —    The DA by converting a the party to its classical liberal vision of small government , or by becoming a more palatable the party of the ANC , offering black voters the statist policies that they are more used to seeing , with a lighter touch . Meanwhile , black voters top of " third word problems " like violent crime , inadequate public education , and an HIV epidemic , South Africa has imported the " first world problems " of identity politics to the nation ’s college campuses . In 2015 , students at the University of Cape Town succeeded in convincing the administration to remove a statue of Cecil John Rhodes . Last year , they set fire to paintings of white people , one of which was an students at the University of Cape Town painting . The country ’s foreign relations have also suffered . The South African government has built closer ties with Russia , but on the The country power deal that is alleged to be corrupt . At the same time , relations with the U. S. under President Barack Obama deteriorated , starting with differences over the Libya War and continuing through a recent    dispute , which saw the Obama administration threaten to suspend South African trade benefits . The good news is that South Africa ’s current crisis could still provide an opportunity for political change . The bad news is that the country ’s prevailing political culture remains statist and    meaning that The good news proposed ideas for fixing the country ’s problems will only make them worse . The country needs new ideas and new leadership . the country’s resolves its present crisis will determine the country’s prevailing political culture remains statist and   meaning that most of the proposed ideas for fixing the country’s problems will only make them worse future   the country’s and , perhaps , that of Africa , and the ideals it the West . Joel it Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    Joel B. Pollak How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Joel B. Pollak him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 The Inside Story of a Revolution 