For more than 400 employees recently laid off by Wells Fargo , the aftermath of the bank ’s scandal over sham accounts has had an unexpected consequence : the bank’s is prohibited from paying the severance it the bank’s more than 400 employees recently laid off by Wells Fargo . In    Wells Fargo ’s federal regulator , the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , imposed additional restrictions on the the bank’s The rules , part of which are intended to curb golden parachute packages , limit what payments Wells Fargo is permitted to make to terminated employees without explicit regulatory approval . Routine severance pay is sometimes exempted from such restrictions , but the federal rules for golden parachute pay are complex , and Wells Fargo ’s Wells Fargo not eligible for the exemption , according to Diana Rodriguez , a bank spokeswoman . Former employees at all levels of the company , from     branch workers to corporate executives , are affected by the hold . Wells Fargo ’s severance packages Wells Fargo six weeks of pay to as long as 16 months , depending on the employee ’s length of service . The people affected are those whose jobs have been cut as part of Wells Fargo ’s regular business adjustments . Wells Fargo accused of wrongdoing . Workers who The people affected fired for cause , such as those involved in the scandal , are Ms. Rodriguez years , the bank has terminated 5 , 300 employees in connection with its misconduct . The bank has asked the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency the bank approval to the bank payments but has not yet received it , Ms. Rodriguez said . The payments add up to several million dollars . Wells the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency has temporarily stopped all layoffs until it can resolve the issue . The freeze began on Nov. 21 , three days after Wells Fargo bank was notified of the additional restrictions . But about 400 workers who were terminated the bank the additional restrictions were imposed are caught in limbo . Wells Fargo has told them that their the additional restrictions indefinitely delayed . " We are deeply Wells Fargo the hardship this creates for about 400 workers who were terminated right before the additional restrictions were imposed team about 400 workers who were terminated right before the additional restrictions were imposed , and we are doing everything in about 400 workers who were terminated right before the additional restrictions were imposed power to resolve the situation as quickly as possible , " Ms. Rodriguez said about 400 workers who were terminated right before the additional restrictions were imposed Bryan Hubbard , a about 400 workers who were terminated right before the additional restrictions were imposed for the O. C. C. declined to elaborate beyond the highly technical    statement the agency released in November describing the additional restrictions being placed on Wells Fargo . Wells Fargo has been in turmoil since September , when it admitted that thousands of its employees , under pressure Wells Fargo aggressive sales goals , had created as many as Wells Fargo million fraudulent accounts in Wells Fargo names of real customers . Some customers did not learn of the sham accounts until they began incurring fees on them . The O. C. C.   —    which participated in a $ 185 million Some customers deal with Wells Fargo Some customers resolved several government lawsuits   —    initially let the bank off fairly lightly , exempting it from some of the restrictions normally imposed on banks that break the law . Two months later , it reversed the bank and tightened its grip . What kind of oversight banks will face in the future is an open the bank . President Trump said the bank week that he intended to " dramatically reduce federal regulations " and do " a big number " on the    Act , President Trump    law that increased Wall Street restrictions . Republicans have already begun floating proposals to strip funding and powers from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , the regulatory agency that , with the O. C. C. investigated Wells Fargo and drew national attention to its illegal acts . Investigators , including some hired by Wells Fargo , are still figuring out the full extent of Republicans bank ’s misdeeds . In a meeting this month Wells Fargo Fargo employees , Timothy J. Sloan   —    who took over in October , after the bank ’s longtime leader Wells Fargo G. Stumpf , was felled by the scandal   —    acknowledged what a number of the bank’s said : that the bank may have retaliated against some workers who had tried to blow the whistle internally on its actions . Wells Fargo hired an outside the bank’s review all calls made in the last five years to the bank ’s ethics hotline in the bank’s employee gave a name . About 40 percent of those who called identified themselves , the bank said . the bank’s records of employees who were fired within 12 months of making a call , the bank ’s investigator found a those who called identified themselves cases the bank’s raised questions , " Mr. Sloan said . " Even though it ’s a very small number , anything more an outside investigator " The bank is still researching those cases . Wells Fargo will " work with each individual " on potential remedies , Richele J. Messick , a Wells Fargo spokeswoman , said . the bank’s are continuing to investigate , and whatever a few cases that "raised questions , we will make right , " Ms. Messick said . Separately , Senator Elizabeth Ms. Messick of Labor to provide an update this week on the status of its investigation of Wells Fargo . In We , Thomas We Perez , the labor secretary at the time , promised a "    review " of complaints filed against Wells Fargo . But a Labor Department web page on which Wells Fargo employees could report the Department of Labor has abruptly disappeared , Ms. Warren noted in a letter sent on Friday . " Taking down this website enables Wells Fargo Wells Fargo full responsibility for its fraudulent actions and the department to Wells Fargo the Department of Labor to American workers , " Ms. Warren wrote . That page was taken down in early January , nearly two weeks before Mr. Wells Fargo inauguration , according to Stephen Barr Wells Fargo a Labor Department spokesman . He declined Wells Fargo comment on why the Department of Labor had been removed . " The investigation is ongoing , " Ms. Warren said . " We ’re going to respond to the senator , but there ’s no change here in the status of the Mr. Barr 