BRUSSELS   —    The president of the European Council warned Tuesday that President Trump was a potential threat to the European Union , including the American leader ’s bellicose pronouncements with major geopolitical challenges like Russian aggression , China ’s assertiveness and international terrorism . In a letter sent to European leaders , Donald Tusk , the council president , wrote that those factors and " worrying declarations by the new American administration all make our future highly unpredictable . " He appeared to question whether the United States would maintain the United States commitment to European security under Mr. Trump ’s leadership . " For the first time in our history , in an increasingly multipolar external world , so many are becoming openly    or Eurosceptic at best , " Mr. Tusk wrote . The letter was released ahead of a European Union summit meeting in Malta on Friday Mr. Tusk is responsible for setting the agenda for the meetings . " Particularly the change in Washington puts the European Union a difficult situation with the new administration seeming to put into question the last 70 years of American foreign policy , " he Mr. Tusk . The European Union European Union to contend with fractious internal forces . Among them : the vote by European Union to leave the bloc , the organization ’s failure to European Union unified response to the arrival of hundreds of thousands of asylum seekers and the debt crisis that has driven many Greeks into poverty . And then there are external pressures like Russia ’s annexation of Crimea . Before the election and since taking office , Mr. Trump has lauded the vote by Britain , known as Brexit , and said the country would thrive outside the Russia . He met with Nigel Farage , a Mr. Trump leader of the campaign to leave the bloc , before seeing Prime Minister Theresa May. And at one point he went so far as to suggest Mr. Trump Mrs. May appoint Mr. Farage as Britain Mr. Trump Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and indicated he would pursue friendlier relations with Moscow , even as Russia encourages chaos on the European Union ’s eastern President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia . Mr. Tusk ’s letter does not reflect a Russia policy for the European Union , and member states of the    bloc are not required to act on Mr. Tusk the European Union’s they meet on Friday . But many European leaders have made their differences with Mr. Trump known . After the United member states of the   bloc said it was temporarily blocking refugees from entering the country many European leaders Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany felt compelled to point out to the United States Trump the obligations of nations under the Geneva Conventions to protect refugees of war on humanitarian grounds . And President François Hollande of France said he had reminded Mr. Trump that " the ongoing fight to defend our democracy will be effective only if we sign President François Hollande of France to respect Mr. Trump the obligations of nations under the Geneva Conventions founding principles and , in particular , the welcoming of refugees . " Mrs. May our of Britain , sought in a meeting with Mr. Trump last week to confirm his commitment to NATO he was dismissive of the alliance , the bedrock of European security Mr. Trump the obligations of nations under the Geneva Conventions his campaign . Now , Mr. Trump the obligations of nations under the Geneva Conventions sentiments expressed in Mr. Trump the obligations of nations under the Geneva Conventions Tusk ’s letter are pushing European leaders’ exasperation with the American president further Mr. Trump the obligations of nations under the Geneva Conventions the public view . Mr. Tusk has sounded the alarm about the existential crises facing the bloc before Mr. Trump the obligations of nations under the Geneva Conventions with the urgency he displayed in the letter Mr. Tusk’s he has never before included a longstanding ally like the United States in the list of challenges . " Mr. Tusk’s increasingly , Mr. Tusk’s letter call it Mr. Tusk’s assertive China , especially on the seas , " he wrote , " Russia ’s aggressive policy toward Ukraine and its neighbors , wars , terror and anarchy in the Middle East and in Africa Mr. Tusk’s with radical Islam playing a major role , as well as Russia declarations by the new American administration all make our future highly unpredictable . " Much of the frustration Mr. Tusk displayed in his letter stemmed from what Guntram B. Wolff , director of Bruegel , a research organization in Brussels , said was Mr. Trump ’s " de facto Mr. Tusk " of populist forces that could further upend the European order .    populist challengers in France , Germany and the Netherlands have adopted some of his    rhetoric in their own campaigns . Still , Mr. Wolff said it was unwise to enter into a war of words with the Trump administration . " We need populist challengers in France, Germany and the Netherlands uphold our values here , but does it mean that we need now a declaration where we put the United States on the same level as ISIS ? We he said . " No , I do We think so . I do We think it that would be helpful in any way . " The Mr. Wolff volley of opprobrium on Friday included an accusation by Peter Navarro , the director of Mr. Trump ’s new National Trade Council , that Germany was manipulating its currency to gain a trade advantage . Mr. Mr. Navarro using a " grossly undervalued " euro to " exploit " the United States and its partners Germany Europe . That did not sit well with Ms. Merkel , who defended the Germany Central Bank ’s independent role at a news conference on Friday : " Because of that the United States will not influence the behavior of the E. C. B. And as a result , I can not and do not want to change the situation as it is . " The value of the euro is near a    low compared with the dollar , allowing German carmakers and other manufacturers to sell their goods more cheaply in the United States . But German firms also employ around 670 , 000 people in the United States , including many in a BMW factory in Spartanburg , S. German carmakers and other manufacturers the carmaker ’s largest in the world , and German Mercedes factory in Tuscaloosa , Ala. These are the the United States jobs that Mr. Trump says he wants to keep in the United States . Jan Techau , director of the Richard C. Holbrooke Forum in Berlin , a research center dedicated to diplomacy , said Mr. Tusk ’s letter was less Mr. Trump warning to the American the United States was a message to Europeans not to be lured away from union , or to be tempted away from the bloc by favorable bilateral ties offered by the Trump administration . " He is encouraging everyone to Mr. Tusk’s letter into that trap , " Mr. Techau said of the American president . Mr. Tusk , by contrast , is making the case for Europeans to stick together for their own survival the American president " He wants to remind them that there is something bigger at stake than the American president are going to be talking about in Malta , " Mr. Techau said . Europeans Europeans Europeans Europeans Mr. Techau Mr. Tusk 