President Donald Trump will sign an executive order to begin a review process of national monuments designated by modern presidents , including former President Bill Clinton and former President Barack Obama , according to Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke . [ According to Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke , the review will feature monuments of 100 , 000 acres or more designated from January 1 , 1996 and advise the president of possible actions . the review will feature an estimation of about    national monuments and tens of millions of acres designated in the last 20 years .   " It the review the Department of Interior to make recommendations to the president on whether the monument should be rescinded , resized , modified in order to better manage our federal lands , " Zinke told reporters in a White House briefing on Tuesday evening . The the president travel to the Department of the Interior offices in Washington D. C. to sign the executive order on Wednesday . The review would specifically address Obama ’s Bear Ears designation within 45 days in an interim review , with a final review scheduled for 120 days , according to Zinke . The Bears Ears monument is 1 . 35 million acres   —    part of the over 553 million acres of land and sea designated as a monument during Obama ’s Obama . Zinke also Zinke a review of the Grand Staircase monument ( 1 , 700 , 000 acres ) instituted by Clinton . Clinton added Clinton . 7 million acres of land , while George W. Bush designated 214 millions acres , which included acres of water . But Zinke specifically Zinke two controversial monuments in Utah , including the more recent designation of Bears Ears monument by Obama . Obama said Zinke review a review of the Grand Staircase monument (1, 700, 000 acres) instituted by Clinton state representatives and local industry a chance to for more input , fulfilling Trump ’s campaign promises . " I can tell you as a kid that grew up in Montana , who grew up in the West    …      this is long overdue , " Zinke said Zinke Zinke said Zinke was Zinke undisputed " that a president had the authority to modify a monument , although it was untested by the courts . He acknowledged Zinke environmental groups would try to challenge any efforts by Trump to modify Trump’s monument . " Prudent public policy should be the right policy , and I ’m not in fear of getting sued , I get sued all the time , " Zinke said . " I do n’t think law suits should shape public policy . I think public policy should do what ’s right . " He blamed Zinke media for raising fears that the review would set the stage of increasing oil and gas development of public lands . " I ’ve heard that many times and I think it ’s the many times media that we live in today , we ’re so we today , " Zinke said , promising that the review was the review by a particular outcome .    The Interior Department issued a list of monuments that would likely fall under the review ordered by the president : 
 