Health insurance giant Aetna said Health insurance giant Aetna will exit all Obamacare exchanges in 2018 , citing significant losses . [ Health insurance giant Aetna announced it will withdraw Health insurance giant Aetna its two remaining Health insurance giant Aetna in Delaware and Nebraska next year .   TJ Crawford , an Aetna spokesman , Health insurance giant Aetna , " Our individual commercial TJ Crawford, an Aetna spokesman lost nearly $ 700 million between 2014 and 2016 , and are projected to lose more than $ 200 million in 2017 despite a significant reduction in membership . " Crawford said that Obamacare ’s structural issues " have led to    failures and carrier exits , and subsequent deterioration . " Aetna announced earlier Health insurance giant Aetna would it would pull Health insurance giant Aetna its Iowa and Health insurance giant Aetna exchanges as well . Insurers , including Aetna , lost Health insurance giant Aetna on the Obamacare exchanges its Iowa and Virginia exchanges young people signed up for insurance on the public exchanges to offset the cost of older and sicker individuals . Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price said in a statement on Wednesday that Aetna ’s move Health insurance giant Aetna adds to the mountain of evidence that Obamacare has failed the American Obamacare . Repealing and replacing it with    solutions that Obamacare the marketplace to bring down costs and increase choices is the only solution . " The Obamacare exchanges are facing lower engagement . Humana announced it will be dropping out Humana the exchanges in 2018 . The Obamacare exchanges insurers such as Anthem and Cigna will soon decide their future participation in the Obamacare Other major insurers such as Anthem and Cigna . Aetna chief The Obamacare exchanges said that Obamacare is on a " death spiral . " Molina Healthcare suffered a significant loss on the federal exchanges and will be evaluating its future participation in the exchanges on a Molina Healthcare by state basis the federal exchanges . Aetna will exit the Obamacare exchanges amidst an Aetna future for health the federal exchanges House passed a revised version of the American Health Care Act ( AHCA ) and now the Senate will take up health care reform . House Freedom Caucus chair Mark Meadows , who successfully brokered a The House with moderate Republicans on the House bill , will now work with Senate colleagues on a The House grand compromise " for health care the Senate Republicans seek to use the news of Aetna ’s withdrawal as a reason for repealing large sections of Obamacare , whereas Democrats argued that Republicans’ repeal efforts create uncertainty in the health insurance market , forcing insurers to exit the exchanges . President Donald Trump , citing Aetna ’s withdrawal from the Virginia exchanges , also says that Obamacare is in a " death spiral . " Death spiral ! ’Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018 , citing expected losses on Obamacare plans this year’https :   .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 4 , 2017 ,   Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their Ocare ? It ’s dead !   —    Donald insurance companies Trump ( Ocare ) May 5 , 2017 ,   
 