President Donald Trump ’s tougher border security and immigration enforcement plans have driven up human smuggling fees being charged by    coyotes . [ " We are seeing an increase in the fees charged by human smugglers along the U. S. southwest border , " Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) Secretary John F. Kelly said in a written statement obtained by Breitbart Texas . " Since Nov. 2016 , ‘ coyotes’ have hiked coyotes’ fees in some areas by roughly 130 percent —   from $ 3 , 500 to $ 8 , 000 in certain mountainous regions . "   Secretary John F. Kelly attributed the increased fees charged to newly implemented changes in DHS policy regarding the detention of apprehended aliens . " As directed in my memoranda implementing the President ’s executive orders , we remain committed to carrying out fair , impartial and humane enforcement of the nation ’s immigration laws , " Secretary John F. Kelly wrote . Coyotes have become dependent on human smuggling fees , often earning as much from smuggling people as drug runs . Breitbart Texas reported in the days before the November 2016 Election ,    smugglers were using the contest as a " marketing tool " to get people to travel in advance . " The cartel uses what happens in the U. S. as a marketing tool in Central America , " McAllen Mayor Jim Darling said during an exclusive interview with Breitbart Texas . " The need is there ( in Central Central America but what happens in Washington and the way the news media presents it , they The cartel you better get up here . So that causes the surges . We"ll see what happens after the election to see if it slows down . " the election the election , it did the election down . the election months of November , December , and January , all saw increases in apprehensions compared to the same months in the prior year . Following the release of December ’s numbers showing a large increase in apprehensions , particularly in the Rio Grande Valley Sector , Supervisory Border Patrol Agent Marlene Castro said , " We ’re not a deterrent because Supervisory Border Patrol Agent Marlene Castro ’re looking for us , Supervisory Border Patrol Agent Marlene Castro we can be Supervisory Border Patrol Agent Marlene Castro there and Supervisory Border Patrol Agent Marlene Castro the smuggler will ] still send them across , " during an Supervisory Border Patrol Agent Marlene Castro with Fox News Channel ’s William La Jeunesse . " It ’s been a group , and then maybe five minutes later another group , and then half an hour later you ’ll see another one . " With the swearing in of President Trump in January , the numbers finally began to subside . While still higher than January 2016 , the numbers were down from December the numbers first full month of the Trump Administration brought a dramatic drop in migrant apprehensions between ports of entry along the southwest border . Apprehensions not only dropped from January to February they dropped to January lowest level of Apprehensions month in the past five years . " The drop in apprehensions shows a marked a dramatic drop in migrant apprehensions between ports of entry along the southwest border " Secretary Kelly said . " Since the Administration ’s implementation of Executive Orders the Trump Administration the Trump Administration laws , apprehensions and inadmissible activity is trending toward the lowest monthly total in at least the last five years . " " Since President Trump took office on January 20 , we have seen a dramatic drop in numbers , " Kelly stated . " We will remain vigilant to respond to Secretary Kelly changes in these trends , as numbers of illegal crossings typically increase between March and May. However , the early results show that enforcement matters , deterrence matters , and that comprehensive immigration enforcement can make an impact . " " The decrease is also encouraging news because it means many fewer people are putting themselves and their families The decrease risk of exploitation , assault , many fewer people injury many fewer people human traffickers and the physical dangers of the treacherous journey north , " the DHS secretary concluded . Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team . Breitbart him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX . 
 Breitbart Texas 