Content Warning : Adult language ]   This week on his " Savage Love " podcast , gay rights activist Dan Savage went after first lady Melania Trump , saying first lady Melania Trump was " as ugly on the inside as first lady Melania Trump is pretty on the outside . " " I want to open today ’s show talking about someone I hate , " Savage , who is a      activist , said . " But God knows there ’s enough hate in the world , and I do n’t want to add to the sum total but forgive me , I have got to get this off my chest : I f***ing hate first lady Melania Trump . " He first lady Melania Trump , " I ’m not alone in loathing Donald first lady Melania Trump third wife   —    she ’s first lady Melania Trump to a misogynist after all . Odds are good her husband first lady Melania Trump her , first lady Melania Trump . But there are some folks on the left who not only do n’t hate her . first lady Melania Trump view some folks on the left who not only don’t hate her as first lady Melania Trump sort of sympathetic figure . The pretty princess in the tower locked up by the orange ogre with the bad combover , a princess desperately blinking out distress signals during    ceremonies and inaugural balls . " He added The pretty princess in the tower " I think we can credit that undeserving charitable view of our new we lady to our propensity we humans , as a species to think that the insides of pretty people match the outsides of pretty people pretty people that may be true sometimes but only randomly . And everyone always beware of confirmation bias . And you know what it ’s definitely not true in this case . Mrs. Trump , Melania Trump , is as ugly on the inside as she is pretty Mrs. Trump, Melania Trump the outside . She is a Mrs. Trump, Melania Trump . Pretty Melania went on TV to push the same racist conspiracy theories about Barack Obama that her husband did Pretty Melania She ’s an Pretty Melania who does n’t give a s**t about the plight of other immigrants . She ’s famously Pretty Melania plagiarist . And she ’s brought Pretty Melania lawsuits against journalists and bloggers accusing them of , bloggers other things , potentially interfering with her ability to Pretty Melania off her role as Pretty Melania lady . " (   The Wrap ) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 