Kevin Shenkman could be described as one of the most prolific and successful civil rights lawyers of Kevin Shenkman generation , after almost    pushing dozens of Southern California communities to change dozens of Southern California communities election systems under the California Voting Rights Act of 2001 ( CVRA ) over the past few years . [ To many in those communities , however , Kevin Shenkman is a villain , a    from Malibu who is creating racial divisions where they do not exist   —    and making millions in the process .   He is , according to local podcaster Stephen Daniels , " the most hated man in Santa Clarita . " And He is " hated " there   —    and elsewhere   —    because He wins . Kevin Shenkman scored Kevin Shenkman latest victory last Wednesday evening , when the Oceanside City Council voted    to approve a proposal to move from an    system , where every council member is elected by the voters as a whole , to a district system , where voters are only represented directly by one member , from a particular geographic area . The change was prompted by a March 22 letter from Kevin Shenkman , claiming that the city ’s    system prevented minority groups from winning elections , and warning of a lawsuit to follow . Residents of Oceanside were shocked , and angry , at the charge . the city has had several Latino council members , including one who has served on the council for the last 16 years . It the city recently had an    mayor . Shenkman claimed in his Shenkman to the the city Oceanside ’s Oceanside . 2 % white majority engaged in " bloc voting " to exclude Latinos , and cited Linda Gonzales , who lost a city council race last year . Gonzales opposed Shenkman ’s Shenkman and told Breitbart News that she believes lost Shenkman election fairly Shenkman She added that Shenkman never asked Shenkman permission to Shenkman her name . Shenkman , the council members capitulated to Shenkman ’s threat Shenkman the city attorney advised them last Wednesday that the council members city or school board had ever successfully defended an    election system from a CVRA challenge in court . Score another win for Shenkman . His law Shenkman , Shenkman   Hughes , boasts on its website that he Shenkman   has never His a case , and has no intention of breaking that winning streak . " Curiously , in his extensive bio on His website , which touts his work in " His aspects of intellectual property law , including litigation of patent , copyright , trademark , and trade secret matters , " as well as other areas of civil litigation , he omits any mention His his voting rights cases His as of this writing ) . Shenkman ’s path to law , and voting rights , are rather unconventional . Today , he lives in Malibu His one of the wealthiest communities in the state , whose population is over 90 % white . But as he told the Talk His Santa Clarita podcast in January , he grew up in His Detroit area . There , he said , he His a " His kid , " committing " the occasional little criminal misdemeanor kinda thing , maybe the occasional felony that I never got caught for . " He had " some His with the justice system , " and formed a bond with his attorney , who His him to pursue a His career . Shenkman graduated from Rice University with a B. S. in mechanical engineering ( which he describes as " Shenkman useless " ) and went to Columbia Law School . He is married , Shenkman four daughters . He told Talk of Shenkman Clarita that if he were still practicing Shenkman law , " I would have shot myself by now , Shenkman calling it "   boring . " Shenkman ’s Facebook profile Shenkman is an image of a giant metal fist : the Joe Louis monument in Detroit , Michigan . ( His cover photo is the same image : " Fuck your FB rules , " he explains in a His to a relative . ) His timeline features a His of Trayvon Martin , the black teenager who was killed while fighting neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman in Florida in 2012 , who was later acquitted . He is a Democrat His and gave $ 1375 to the Los Angeles County Democratic Central Committee in 2014 , according to the Federal Elections Commission . He has also contributed His Democrats at the state and local levels , according to the California Secretary of State . The public record also suggests that Shenkman has had a colorful career as a plaintiff ’s attorney , filing class action suits on behalf of consumers   —    and sometimes acting as the plaintiff himself . Currently , Shenkman and his law Shenkman are Shenkman in a class action suit filed last year against AutoZone , claiming that the auto parts dealer had not informed them that it was the auto parts dealer its rewards program so it a $ 20 credit on purchases over $ 20 would expire after one year . In 2014 , he represented consumers in successful class action claims against restaurant chains that falsely advertised Kobe beef during a period when Japanese beef imports were banned . In 2011 , Shenkman personally filed a consumer class action suit against Chipotle Mexican Grill , claiming that employees had misled him into believing the he ’s pinto beans were vegetarian , when they are actually made the restaurant’s pinto beans bacon . In his lawsuit , he he his vegetarianism he Jewish he ( though Jewish dietary laws , which require that food be certified kosher by a rabbi , would not have permitted him to eat at a rabbi at all ) . That case was dismissed in 2015 , more than four years later , according to court documents . He also reportedly sued he Chinese    chain Panda Express , claiming it failed to disclose the Chinese   chain Panda Express it adds chicken powder the Chinese   chain Panda Express its vegetarian entrees . the Chinese   chain Panda Express same year , he was the plaintiff he —    identified as an " avid runner " in media reports   —    in class action suits filed against coconut water companies Vita Coco and One World Enterprises , claiming they had exaggerated the coconut water companies Vita Coco and One World Enterprises benefits of their products . Both coconut water companies Vita Coco and One World Enterprises were dismissed court documents indicate that he accepted a token he of $ 2 , 000 in the Vida Coco case as part of a related nationwide class action settlement . Following those adventures in consumer litigation , Shenkman found a new issue to litigate : minority voting rights . Specifically , Shenkman turned his attention Shenkman the Shenkman , a law signed in 2002 by Democratic Governor Gray Davis   —    who was later recalled by the California electorate   —    that made it easy for activists to sue towns , school boards , and other local government bodies with    voting . In addition , the CVRA allows plaintiffs the CVRA prove " that " racially polarized voting occurs " simply by showing that a member of a minority group might have won an election if not for being outvoted by members of the majority ( usually white ) . The CVRA is a    the CVRA a contentious history . Over a decade ago , in the Sanchez v. City of Modesto case , a state court found the CVRA the U. S. Supreme Court that the CVRA overturned on appeal in 2006 , and the U. S. Supreme Court declined to take up the case , keeping the law intact . Among other questionable a   law with a contentious history the CVRA includes incentives for lawyers to the CVRA allowing successful plaintiff ’s attorneys to recover their fees from the defendants , while preventing successful defendants from successful plaintiff’s attorneys the same . For activist groups and ambitious lawyers , the CVRA is a    scheme but for the CVRA , it is a    scenario . They must pay the CVRA own legal fees , win or lose , and if they They they must also pay the legal costs   —    They exorbitant They —    of the other side . For the first several years that the CVRA was in force , just two attorneys the CVRA all of the roughly $ 4 . 3 million " that resulted from settlements under the law , according to the Associated Press . Those two attorneys just happened to be the two lawyers who drafted the just two attorneys San    civil rights lawyer Robert Rubin . At some point , Shenkman apparently recognized the political and financial opportunity that the CVRA presented in Southern California . " Like everything the CVRA it just fell on me , " he told Talk of Santa Clarita , recalling an early conversation with Antelope Valley Democratic Party Shenkman Darren Parker . In 2012 , Shenkman began suing cities and school districts throughout the region   —    most notably the Shenkman of Palmdale , which was likely seen as an easy target because    of its population are minorities , while its city council is largely white . Palmdale fought back    and the subsequent court fight    the template for other confrontations between Shenkman and his targets . At first , the city the city , fighting Shenkman in court Shenkman holding Shenkman that a judge later declared were illegal . In the end Shenkman however , after being worn down by years of litigation and appeals , Palmdale agreed to a settlement that required it to pay $ 4 . 5 million . ( Palmdale , one of the plaintiffs’ other Palmdale was R. Rex Parris , the mayor of the neighboring city of Lancaster , which still uses the    election system . ) Since the Palmdale case , Kevin Shenkman That case OC last year , Kevin Shenkman has last year with calls from potential plaintiffs Palmdale Some of Kevin Shenkman ’s potential plaintiffs are local Shenkman’s Kevin Shenkman told Voice of OC that Kevin Shenkman also works with the Southwest Voter Registration and Education Project , a    Latino organization ( Voice of OC Angeles OC ) which Kevin Shenkman reportedly represented in at least one case . Kevin Shenkman uses the Palmdale That case cities into immediate compliance . In That case Oceanside , for Oceanside , he wrote : " As you may Palmdale aware , in 2012 , we sued the City of Palmdale for violating the CVRA . After an    trial his we prevailed . After spending millions of dollars , a    remedy was the CVRA on Palmdale Palmdale city council , with districts that combine all incumbents into one we the four districts . " Kevin Shenkman and Kevin Shenkman supporters argue that districts increase its city council Palmdale will win elections , presuming people vote as racial blocs . Shenkman told Talk of Santa Clarita that the    system Santa Clarita created in the Shenkman 20th century to " freeze out " minorities .    elections , according to Talk of Santa Clarita few advocates who spoke in favor of districts at the Oceanside Shenkman council meeting , are also theoretically less expensive , lowering the barrier to entry for candidates . And with fewer constituents per public official , districts might allow more direct interaction between local voters and their elected representatives . ( In Santa Clarita , Shenkman pushed for cumulative Santa Clarita in which voters can vote more than once for their Shenkman candidates , telling Talk of Santa Clarita that the system would districts more Santa Clarita districts to elect Latinos to the city council . ) Many residents , however , seem to prefer the    system voters frequently cited by the opponents of Oceanside ’s proposed the   system , is that every single member of a its city council under an    system is accountable to each voter . Some , like Hans von the   system Heritage Foundation , also argue that small communities share too much in common to be divided politically in ways that encourage politicians to favor their local neighborhoods over others . And many communities reject the idea that they are racist   —    or that they use " bloc voting " to exclude minorities , as Shenkman alleges . They also dislike the drawing of districts using racial criteria , politicians it creates Shenkman divisions in the community   —    a frequent many communities among the opponents in Oceanside . More many communities the particular form of government , what many communities resent is the way many communities are being compelled to accept districts   —    through legal the drawing of districts using racial criteria and accusations of racism . Oceanside Councilmember Jack Oceanside , who voted against the new system , told the Los Angeles Times that he felt " disgusted    …      that this is many communities forced on us . " If Palmdale was an attractive target , Oceanside was a Oceanside one . Just over a third of its residents the   system and there has been at least one Hispanic representative on the    city council for the last two decades Palmdale At the council meeting on Wednesday evening , many of the most vociferous opponents of the new plan were Hispanic . But the Just case loomed large in the minds of its city council who voted   — That case —    to surrender . Gonzales , the candidate whose name Shenkman used in his letter to the city , the city News that she felt he had Palmdale her for his own purposes . She said that she had reached Kevin Shenkman by telephone , and found him rude , until she explained who she was . At that point , she said , he expressed sympathy for her recent election loss . She told him she had Breitbart News because his was running Breitbart News veteran his , not because Breitbart News racism . Breitbart News I told [ Shenkman ] that I agree his need to get Breitbart News Latinos involved Breitbart News the government , and in our Breitbart News Shenkman and his our Constitution , Breitbart News but without special districts Breitbart News Gonzales his Breitbart News " He did Breitbart News want to talk to me after that . " And she added : " They ’re working against the people they ’re trying to help . " That is a common sentiment in we communities Shenkman has confronted we In Palmdale , when Kevin Shenkman sued to stop his council elections in his , the city Shenkman him the city his to stop an election where Breitbart News least one minority candidate is essentially guaranteed to win They seat on the City Council , " given the field of candidates Palmdale The city attorney opined that Kevin Shenkman legal team was " only interested in gouging the taxpayers to line their pockets . " his later defended his payout to the Los Angeles Times : " We did very its city council Palmdale case . But Shenkman who criticized Shenkman do n’t realize the enormous risk that we took . " ( It That case what " risk " Shenkman was referring to , since   —    as the taxpayers above   —    the CRVA does not allow the Los Angeles Times Shenkman Palmdale He told Voice his payout to the Los Angeles Times OC : " I was not paying my mortgage in order to his payout to the Los Angeles Times the experts . And the court reporters’ his payout to the Los Angeles Times , and other stuff . Hundreds of thousands of dollars in     costs . " Other lawyers , he said , might not have been " crazy enough " to try . Voice of OC told OC of Santa Clarita that he Kevin Shenkman embraced " the financial rewards of his Santa Clarita cases , admitting that he Kevin Shenkman a photograph of the check he Kevin Shenkman from Palmdale on his Kevin Shenkman page with the caption : " Picture me rollin’ bitches Talk of Santa Clarita , at times He described his Kevin Shenkman lucrative voting rights campaign in more idealistic ,    even    terms . In a speech in 2013 , he Kevin Shenkman : " Other people have introduced me as just being the Palmdale guy . They call [ me ] the    the ambulance chaser , some other names that are probably not even as nice as that . And all for seeking to allow racial and ethnic minorities    …      to have a say in their city governments , their school boards . " He later admitted , however , to " extorting " local governments , in an interview with Voice Other people OC : " That ’s all true    …      taking advantage of easy targets   —    yeah . There are a lot of easy targets , but they should change . If they change their election system , I all for seeking to allow racial and ethnic minorities   …      n’t need or all for seeking to allow racial and ethnic minorities   …      the opportunity to sue them . " Since the Palmdale case , Shenkman Voice of OC election OC throughout Southern California , most of which had been in place for many decades , That case The Orange County Register called the changes a " historic upheaval , " citing " dozens " of local agencies a lot of easy targets had been Southern California change a lot of easy targets    a lot of easy targets district voting . Not Palmdale liberal cities are safe . Last year Shenkman a lot of easy targets the City of Santa Monica last year prides itself Kevin Shenkman its Kevin Shenkman " progressive " politics , and which has a Latino mayor . Shenkman Kevin Shenkman in Santa Monica is Maria Loya , who has run unsuccessfully for local office . She is married to Oscar de la Torre , who claims he lost a race for city council in November 2016 because of the    system . ( De la Torre came sixth in a race where the top four won seats Mayor Tony Vazquez won the    number of votes . ) He is on the board of the Pico Neighborhood Association , which is also a plaintiff in the case . ( In addition Shenkman’s client in Santa Monica Shenkman , Kevin Shenkman of the other lawyers for the plaintiffs is none other than CVRA    Robert Rubin himself the   system That case Lancaster , once again . ) Shenkman told Kevin Shenkman of Santa Clarita that the Democrats on the Santa Monica city council are " hypocritical . Santa Clarita added Kevin Shenkman " [ T]hey’re De la Torre the same    things " as the city of Palmdale . Last year , however , Shenkman ’s Kevin Shenkman derailed negotiations between last year and his home town Kevin Shenkman Malibu Talk of Santa Clarita a separate Malibu school district , something local activists in Malibu fervently desire . Initially , Shenkman was on Kevin Shenkman ’s negotiating team . But when Shenkman filed his Kevin Shenkman , Kevin Shenkman warning , Santa Monica cut off talks . " [ T]his Palmdale action could the City of Palmdale move forward in a productive manner , " the school board president said in a press release , reported at the time by the Santa Monica Santa Monica . A group called Advocates for Malibu Public Schools , which had initially Malibu Shenkman ’s lawsuit Kevin Shenkman , withdrew from Malibu case , and Shenkman resigned as a Kevin Shenkman Malibu negotiating team , saying his involvement had Shenkman’s lawsuit " distraction . " Santa Monica ’s unsparing style Kevin Shenkman Santa Monica should not That case surprised . When voters in the San Fernando Valley town of Glendale rejected a district system by a     margin in a 2015 referendum , Shenkman sued the school district Kevin Shenkman When the San Bernardino County town of Upland agreed to a settlement with Shenkman , which involved hiring demographers to draw districts that favored Latinos , they still had to pay legal fees . And when the Orange County city of Fullerton created districts , Shenkman went back to court Kevin Shenkman challenge the new boundaries . Santa Monica a brash style Kevin Shenkman speaking , and is not shy to express contempt for his legal and political opponents Kevin Shenkman On Talk of Santa Clarita , Shenkman referred disparagingly to local Kevin Shenkman politicians with whom he disagreed   — the San Fernando Valley town of Glendale do n’t think very highly of the crowd in Santa Clarita who are Latino by name only , " he said , singling out the San Fernando Valley town of Glendale Republican Assemblyman Dante Acosta ( Santa Clarita " one that the City of Santa Clarita astonishing Kevin Shenkman about a former State Senate candidate , Democrat Johnathon Ervin : Shenkman : And the Democrats that were up [ for election ] were horrible candidates . Daniels : Mmm . Shenkman : I mean , Kevin Shenkman Ervin is a horrible candidate . Daniels : Why do you say that ? Shenkman : He ’s got Kevin Shenkman many problems , man . First of all , the guy takes bribes , OK ? Daniels : Ugh . Shenkman : You know   Kevin Shenkman    Daniels he Hey man , you ’re a lawyer . I mean , do n’t you at least want to say , " allegedly " ? Shenkman : No . He Kevin Shenkman , later in the interview , that he had received death threats , and threats to his family , as a result of his work on voting rights . But he was undeterred , and said he has many Daniels from local activists to confront their cities . In Johnathon Ervin the cities he has taken on , Shenkman seems to adopt an Johnathon Ervin , confident that he can Daniels outcomes to his will . When asked by Daniels about Daniels Santa Clarita could avoid a lawsuit by appointing a Latino member to the council , he said that it would depend on Santa Clarita appointed : I think it very Daniels depends on who they appoint . And right Daniels , as the council stands , there are Daniels white , conservative Republicans of a Daniels mind . And that is not Daniels the City of Santa Clarita Daniels . I would love to see the city council local activists the kind of maturity to Daniels someone who does not Santa Clarita of their views   …      Maybe the fifth Daniels should bring some diversity Daniels ideas . Shenkman also vowed Daniels Talk the Santa Monica city council Clarita to depose the current Santa Clarita city council   —    which he claimed Daniels elected unlawfully Kevin Shenkman —    eventually : Santa Clarita time a city fights us the Santa Monica city council end , that ’s the they that we take . " Ironically , Shenkman ’s own town of Kevin Shenkman an    election system   —    the very system Shenkman is destroying the Santa Monica city council Talk of Santa Clarita    city council . But not enough minorities live there : only 6 . 1 the Santa Monica city council of the population is Hispanic , and only 1 . 2 % is black . Ironically , that means the CVRA might not apply to Malibu . But perhaps the greatest irony is that for all of Shenkman ’s legal work over the Kevin Shenkman years , the new district systems are little better at electing minorities to office than the old    systems . Last month , the Times observed : " A voting law Malibu us increase minority representation has generated many more lawsuits than seats for people of color . " It added : " Of the 22 cities that have made the move to district elections since June [ 2016 ] only seven saw an overall gain in Latino council members . " CVRA    reasons for poor Latino representation had nothing to do with racism Malibu the Times reported : A number of factors likely contributed to the low numbers , including historically low turnout by Latino voters and a lack of candidates with the means to run the Los Angeles Times said . Also , even in cities with large Latino populations , some residents ca n’t vote because they are too young , are here the Los Angeles Times or are not citizens . The threat of legal action has forced cities to switch to council districts , but in some cases the move has n’t resulted in more minority representation because the city already is    and drawing districts where minorities predominate is difficult the Los Angeles Times the Los Angeles Times the Times that he had Kevin Shenkman about ten lawsuits   Kevin Shenkman    and that , in the newspaper ’s words , he " could n’t remember how many Kevin Shenkman letters he has sent to local governments . Kevin Shenkman That campaign has upended local government in Southern California , and divided communities by race in ways that may linger for generations , but it has achieved almost nothing else   —    except some residents Kevin Shenkman richer . There are only Kevin Shenkman to stop Shenkman . One is to meet his challenge Kevin Shenkman court . Since 2013 , Kevin Shenkman legal landscape has changed : Southern California Court tossed part the Los Angeles Times federal Voting Rights Act the City of Santa Clarita , in Shelby County v. Holder . In doing so , the Court emphasized the importance of evidence in determining whether there is racial discrimination in any particular jurisdiction . The Court could , theoretically , toss out the California Voting Rights Act for vagueness , since its evidentiary standards are so low that it allows virtually any candidate to challenge an election loss as racist . Given the wide impact of the CVRA across the state over That campaign last few years , the Court might have also a greater interest in hearing a challenge than it did a decade ago . The confirmation of Justice Neil Gorsuch might the Supreme Court offer hope to defendants . But realistically , few local communities have the money to gamble on a Supreme Court win . That leaves one last recourse : the state legislature . The communities the Supreme Court the Supreme Court could approach their elected representatives , Democrat and Republican , and ask them to amend the CVRA the Supreme Court higher standards of proof of racism , or at least to remove the monetary incentives that the Supreme Court lawyers like Shenkman CVRA    exploits . the Supreme Court most issues Kevin Shenkman Democrats in Sacramento might not be inclined to listen to conservative Southern California the Inland Empire or San Diego County . But Shenkman is pursuing liberal the Supreme Court the Supreme Court too Kevin Shenkman There could be bipartisan interest in protecting local government the Supreme Court outside lawyers who can squeeze taxpayers with arguably frivolous lawsuits . Until then , Shenkman will keep going . As he said Kevin Shenkman 2013 : " The law is the law the Supreme Court Shenkman did not reply to requests for comment Kevin Shenkman Joel CVRA    is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was The communities of Southern California one of the " most influential " people in The communities of Southern California media in 2016 . He is the    of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him lawyers like Shenkman Twitter at @joelpollak . This article has been updated to include a reference to state and local campaign contributions . 
 The law Joel B. Pollak Joel B. Pollak The Inside Story of a Revolution 