President Donald Trump hosted a listening session at the White House to highlight the problems with Obamacare , as Americans continue to suffer from higher insurance premiums , higher deductibles and less coverage . [ President Donald Trump met nine American citizens Monday who were suffering the financial effects of what he President Donald Trump as the " very , very , failed and failing Obamacare law . "   Trump told the group that he Trump put into place a better plan that " lowers cost , expands choice , and ensures access for everyone " and promised " more competition and less regulation " in the market place . " You ’ll see rates go down , down , down , and you ’ll see plans go up , up , up , you ’ll have a lot of choices , " he Trump . Trump Trump that it would take a few years to fully fix the insurance marketplace , but promised that it would be " a thing of beauty " when completed . He Trump critical of the media for reporting that Obamacare was doing well . " It ’s a little bit like President Obama , when he Trump people like him Trump when he Trump here , people did n’t like him Trump much . That ’s the way life goes , that ’s human nature . " Trump said that Republicans were in bad position politically by trying to repeal Obamacare , when it would be easier to let it it entirely . " The press is making Obamacare look so good all of a sudden , " he Trump , predicting disastrous results for the law in 2017 . Carrie Couey , a cattle rancher from Colorado explained that her rates under Obamacare Obamacare three times the rates and that multiple insurers had dropped their multiple insurers . " Millions of people had great health care that they Millions of people , " Trump said . Brittany Ivey of George said her Brittany Ivey of George insurance rates went up 110 percent , and that even though she Brittany Ivey of George paying $ 1300 a month for a plan , her Brittany Ivey of George would n’t take the insurance . " We ’re so happy to be seeing it going , " she Brittany Ivey of George . " It it almost put our family in financial ruin . " Elias Seife , Florida , an attorney from Florida Florida said that their Elias Seife, Florida, an attorney from Florida had changed every year since Obamacare was put into place , noting that they Elias Seife, Florida, an attorney from Florida a daughter with a disability . " I think the real scenario was that this law was supposed to implode    …      my parents came from communist Cuba , they my parents what socialism is all about , so I know what socialism is and that ’s pretty much what this whole system was meant to have one single provider , " Seife said . Kim Sertich from Arizona told the president that the 116 percent increases reported in her Kim Sertich were very real , explaining that she Kim Sertich her Kim Sertich three times before opting out of getting health care all together . A nurse from Wisconsin , Gina Sell , said that she Kim Sertich forced to take a full time job and more time away from her Kim Sertich after , One man , Greg Knox of Ohio , gave the president a cutout card of his the president with a note that was created by his the president son . Greg Knox of Ohio Ohio @realDonaldTrump a card that his Greg Knox of Ohio for him pic . his    son .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) March 13 , 2017 ,   " I wish I looked that good , " Trump said , showing the card to a card that his    son made for him of the group . 
 