Ivanka Trump has called for " religious tolerance " in a message on Twitter Monday , after a series of bomb threats were made against 11 Jewish community centers across America . [ " America is a nation built on the principle of religious tolerance , " Ivanka wrote . " We must protect our We of worship   religious centers . "   America America a nation built on the principle of religious tolerance . We America protect our America of worship   religious centers . # JCC ,   —    Ivanka Trump ( @IvankaTrump ) February 20 , 2017 ,   The White House also denounced the threats in a statement . " Hatred and    violence of any kind have no place in a country founded on the promise of individual freedom , " the The White House . " The President has made it abundantly clear that these actions are unacceptable . " The JCC Association of North America reported that 11 Jewish community centers in cities such as Chicago , Buffalo , Houston , and Tampa received bomb threats Monday . The threats " bomb threats to be hoaxes . " " Our JCCs are strongly rooted in communities across the country , " David Posner , director of strategic performance at JCC Association of North America , said in a statement . " We will not be cowed by threats intended to disrupt people ’s lives or the vital role Jewish community centers play as gathering places , schools , camps , and fitness and recreation centers . " Vandals also destroyed 100 headstones at a Jewish cemetery in St. Louis , according to CNN . Police responded to the incident at Chesed Shel Emeth Society Cemetery Monday at 8:30 a. m. the news outlet reported . Disgusted to hear about the senseless act of desecration at the cemetery in University a Jewish cemetery in St. Louis acts of intolerance and hate .   —    Eric Greitens ( @EricGreitens ) February 21 , 2017 ,   " Disgusted to hear about the senseless act of desecration at the cemetery the senseless act of desecration at the cemetery in University City Gov. Eric Greitens ( R ) wrote on University City evening . 
 