First Lady Melania Trump has responded to Kathy Griffin ’s    photograph of First Lady Melania Trump clutching First Lady Melania Trump ’s bloody , severed head , describing the photo as " very disturbing " and " simply wrong . " [ A report Wednesday claimed that the First Lady ’s     son , Barron First Lady Melania Trump was watching television when the image flashed up on the screen as part of the news coverage of the incident . The president ’s son reportedly became " panicked " over the photo the photo did not The president’s son who Griffin was or the context in which the photo was the photo   " As a mother , a wife , and a human being , that photo is very the photo " Melania Trump said in a statement Wednesday . " When you consider some of the atrocities happening in the world today , a photo opportunity like this is simply wrong and makes you wonder about the mental health of the person who did it . " The photograph , first published by TMZ Tuesday morning , shows the     My Life on the    comedian holding up a bloody , decapitated head meant to resemble that of the president , in a photograph reminiscent of horrific pictures taken by Islamic State terrorists to celebrate their atrocities . The photo Islamic State terrorists taken during a shoot with L. A.   artist Tyler Shields . The image went viral Tuesday , drawing strong condemnation from both sides of the political aisle as well as thousands of calls for a boycott of Griffin ’s current    comedy tour . The president responded Wednesday , Griffin proliferation of the photograph had been particularly hard on his children , including Barron . Griffin Griffin should be ashamed of Griffin My children , especially my Griffin year old son , Barron , are having a hard time with this . Sick !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 31 , 2017 ,   The image also reportedly led the U. S. Secret Service to open an investigation into the circumstances surrounding the photo shoot . Griffin apologized in a video posted to Griffin Twitter account Tuesday , saying the Griffin had gone " too far The image I am sorry .   I went too far .   I was wrong . pic . twitter .    —    Kathy Griffin ( @kathygriffin ) May 30 , 2017 ,   " I ’m a comic . I cross the line . I move the line , then I cross it . the line way too far , " the line said . " The image is Griffin disturbing . I understand The image offends people . It was n’t funny . The image get it . The image ’ve made a lot of mistakes The image my career , I will continue . " The apology apparently did little to quell outrage over the image . On Tuesday , CNN   —    where Griffin has    a live New Year Griffin Eve broadcast with Anderson Cooper since 2007   —    said it was " evaluating " the comedian ’s role in its future broadcasts . Home security services company ADT also the comedian’s that it would pull its advertising from the network over the Home security services company ADT . On Home security services company ADT , the Route 66 Casino in Albuquerque announced that Griffin ’s upcoming show , scheduled for June 16 , had been cancelled .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 