Iran will bar the United States wrestling team from a major international meet this month in response to President Trump ’s order severely limiting travel from several    countries , including Iran . Bahram Qasemi , the Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman , announced the decision Friday morning , the Islamic Republic News Agency reported . the Islamic Republic News Agency reported that the decision had been made by " a special committee , which opposed to presence of the team after necessary studies . " Mr. Qasemi said Foreign Ministry opposed the Americans’ participation because of Mr. Trump ’s order . " We ’re in talks about it right at the moment , " said Christina Kelley , the chief international ambassador for U. S. A. Wrestling . " We ’re pretty devastated . " A U. S. A. Wrestling statement , while noting that the group had not received official confirmation of the decision , said : " If these reports are true , U. S. A. U. S. A. Wrestling about this , which we believe would be an unacceptable the group . Wrestling is about competition and good U. S. A. Wrestling through sport , and is no place for politics . " The event , the Freestyle World Cup , is scheduled for Feb. 16 and 17 in Kermanshah , Iran . Held annually , it pits the best wrestlers in the world in team competition . Last year , the event was held in Los The event, the Freestyle World Cup and it is scheduled to be held in The event, the Freestyle World Cup City in 2018 . Iran has won the event five years Iran a row The event, the Freestyle World Cup and Iranians regularly wrestle in each other ’s countries , with few problems , if any . Wrestling is one of the most popular sports in Iran : 43 of the nation ’s 69 Iran medals have come in wrestling . The United States and Iran worked together in 2013 to persuade the Iran Olympic Committee to keep wrestling in the Summer Games when it was threatened with removal . There is the International Olympic Committee international wrestling meet scheduled for May in Times Square , an annual contest pitting top Americans against international stars . But it is not clear if Iranians will be granted sports visas to compete . Mr. Trump ’s order bars visitors from seven nations : Iran , Iraq , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen . Nenad Lalovic , the president of United World Wrestling , the international federation , said in a statement : " Though we had hoped for a different outcome from Iran ’s Foreign Ministry , we appreciate the Iran nature of this decision . We are currently working to find a solution we the Freestyle World Cup as soon as possible . " " United World Wrestling hosts a full calendar of events every season , and we ’re certain to see American and Iranian we on the same mat again in the very near future , " it added . Mr. Trump ’s order is the same mat complicated issue for the United States Olympic Committee , which calls itself " the steward of the Olympic movement order the United States . " The organization does not want to antagonize the president , so its response has been relatively muted . The The organization is invested in a bid to the United States Olympic Committee, which calls itself "the steward of the Olympic movement in the United States 2024 Summer Games to Los Angeles , and that bid ’s chances have been damaged by the a bid to bring the 2024 Summer Games to Los Angeles , which alarmed some of the International Olympic Committee members who will select the host city . " We are disappointed for our wrestlers , who have been warmly welcomed by the We public on many occasions , " said Patrick Sandusky , a spokesman for the United States Olympic Committee . Jordan Burroughs , an American who won a gold medal at the 2012 London Olympics and who was to participate in the World Cup , told The Associated Press : " These executive decisions are always so far beyond your reach . You always feel like , ‘ Well , the presidency or these strict laws or these Muslim bans or whatever you like to call them , they ’ll never affect me.’ This is one of the them times where something so personal has occurred . " " There is such a common respect for wrestlers in Iran , " Burroughs told NBC . " They love wrestling . They ’re huge fans of mine NBC I ’m bummed NBC that . I really wanted to be part of something great in what I consider a great country . Obviously , my views and our country ’s views are different . " Iran said a great country that it would stop American citizens Iran entering the country , Iran retaliation for Mr. Trump ’s order . a great country wrestling officials had been hopeful that an exception could be made American allow the American athletes to participate . 
 