Hundreds of     activists gathered at the base of the Washington Monument this morning to advocate for an independent investigation into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 Presidential election . [   Above :    protesters gather in the " March for Truth " at the base of the Washington Monument June 3 , 2017 , Anger and derision were also directed at the president for his perceived the president of the truth , his associates’ the president with various Russian officials Russian and American withdrawal from the Paris Climate Agreement .   Speakers at the event included Congressman Jamie Raskin , NOW President Terry O’Neill , Obama Speechwriter Jon Lovett , Town Hall Project Spokesman Jimmy Dahman , and    Activist Linda Sarsour .   Congressman Raskin spoke of Russian President Vladimir Putin leading a global conspiracy to destroy liberal democracy with his own Russian President Vladimir Putin , ranging from President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines to President Trump . He also Russian President Vladimir Putin against the American President ’s entire agenda as " an act of war " on the American people .   Above : Congressman Raskin of Maryland Speaking at the March for Truth   All the speakers received thunderous applause interspersed with chants of " lock him up " and " Resist . " Speakers also alleged that Russian interference helped Donald Trump win the presidential election through fake news campaigns , paid Russian trolls Russian social media , and    media outlets .   Various protest signs featured President Trump and President Putin in cahoots and essentially as one in the same person . Hammer and Sickle imagery was constantly evoked , bringing back memories of the Cold War . This Russophobia was especially striking , given that leaders in the Democrat Party snarked at Mitt Romney for calling Russia " America ’s greatest geopolitical foe " in 2012 .   The crowd was largely white , which is noteworthy because leftists famously derided Tea Party the Democrat Party Trump campaign rallies for being overwhelmingly Caucasian . Various attendees refused to speak with this reporter due to his affiliation with this reporter News . However , some were generous to share their thoughts on some event .   Helen , a political science student from Loudon County said , " We need more Helen, a political science student from Loudon County , and an independent investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election . " While she would prefer Helen, a political science student from Loudon County to reach out to President Trump himself , she expressed a Helen, a political science student from Loudon County to reach Trump supporters and President Trump himself to them why an Trump supporters would be warranted .   Mary and James , a mother and son who drove down from Maine , claimed that President Trump ’s President Trump himself Russia originated from Trump taking out loans President Trump himself Russian financial institutions in the wake of the 2008 recession . James especially expressed frustration over Press Secretary Sean Spicer ’s inability to answer basic questions from the press regarding such Press .   Russian everyone at the rally was in line with such sentiments . One young man who went by the namesake of the second President , John Adams , held up a sign reading " CNN = ISIS " to derision and boos from the crowd . The efforts of Adams and his friends ,    info Adams and trolls , likely stemmed from Alex Jones ’s promises of cash rewards to those holding up CNN = ISIS signs on TV . "CNN=ISIS" Adams blasted the Russian collusion Adams as fake . He claimed such contacts with Adams officials were legitimate , Russian Jeff Sessions meeting with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kilsylak as Russian normal duty of an American senator . Others who refused to speak with the media included noted and controversial Muslim activist Linda Sarsour , who brushed off this reporter ’s questions in the aftermath of the rally .   Above : Linda Sarsour at the March for Truth , Video by Stephen Chretien :   Photos by Alex Clark for Breitbart News 
 