Wednesday on the " Tom Joyner Morning Show , " while discussing President Donald Trump ’s Supreme Court nominee , Judge Neil Gorsuch ,    activist Al Sharpton quoted a James Brown song to urge Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer to give the Republicans the " big payback , " for refusing to give Judge Merrick Garland a hearing .   activist Al Sharpton said , " As I watched last night President Trump nominate Judge Gorsuch be in the Supreme Court   —    first of all let ’s be clear , Judge Gorsuch is a very conservative , go by the Founding Fathers kind of interpretation of how you deal with Constitutional law and would sit on the Supreme Court   and would rule in a way that would be against the interests of those of us that clearly when the the Founding Fathers the Constitution , was not considered full human beings and full citizens . So when you deal with the mentality and the legal profile of Judge Gorsuch , it is not a good one . But even beyond that , let us not forget he is not sitting , and being nominated to sit in Scalia ’s seat , he ’s being nominated he sit in Garland ’s seat . President Barack Obama nominated Judge Garland , who has got as much or more qualifications as this nominee , to have been the Supreme Court judge . " " Nominated him almost a year he , Febuary of 16 when Scalia died , " he continued . " he stalled , they filibustered , they They not even They a hearing to Judge Garland . It is time for the Democrats now to say since you changed the rules , you ’re going to have to live by the rules you applied to President Obama ’s nominee , and we are not going the Democrats allow you to change it and we will use those the Democrats to block the rules you applied to President Obama’s nominee , Gorsuch . President Obama’s nominee says that you sow that   —    that same thing shall you also reap . But Bill Bellamy had a better idea —   they should come in the Senate and replay " The Big Payback , "   James Brown song . Bill was right , just take Bill Bellamy of them old blasters , Chuck Schumer they and blast out The Big Payback . You took The Big Payback That ai n’t right . Would n’t give a hearing . You know that I ’m tight   —    the big payback . " Follow Pam Key The Big Payback 
 