Facebook just put me on the naughty step for a piece I wrote defending the future Rector of Glasgow University . ( aka Milo ) . [ I ’d love to repost it here so that you can see how harmless it was , how totally not in breach of a single one of Facebook ’s " Community Standards " . But because Facebook deleted it before I could save it you ’re just going to have to take my word that it did not contain " direct threats " encourage " " promote " dangerous organizations " enable " bullying and harassment " or involve any " attacks on public figures " . Nor did it engage in " criminal activity " " sexual violence and exploitation " or have anything to do with " regulated goods " .   But I got landed with a    ban , all the same   —    together with a threat that if I carried on doing whatever I had n’t done wrong then next time a   ban might be permanent . For some of you this wo n’t matter because Facebook . You think Mark Zuckerberg is a weird sociopath , that it Facebook a cesspit of festering    that social media is a waste of time . Yes I get that   —    but you do n’t work in the media , whereas I do and for all of us in the communications industry whether we ’re writers , entertainers , journalists , bloggers , vloggers or podcasters Facebook is a big deal because so much of our Facebook is on it Facebook And it Facebook as important to those of us Facebook the right as it is on the left . Breitbart , for example , gets a lot of its example via Facebook Facebook Milo   —    never knowingly    has a huge Facebook Facebook . The idea that we on the conservative side of the argument can afford to ignore a market of one billion potential readers   because Facebook is run by liberals is just dumb . If you accept   —    as logic and facts dictate you should   —    that Facebook Facebook , then you should be very , very worried about the direction in which it Facebook headed . That ’s because the people it Facebook going to hurt most are people like us : Brexiteers , Trump voters , climate sceptics , conservatarians , lovers of offensive memes involving cartoon frogs or gorillas ,      anyone in fact who dares to set themselves anyone in fact who dares to set themselves against the politically correct values of liberal elite types like the guys who run Facebook the politically correct values of liberal elite types like the guys who run Facebook . What ’s significant about my temporary Facebook Facebook is not so much that it my temporary Facebook ban but that it my temporary Facebook ban for no good reason . Sure , my piece contained some strong language : " cucks " got used a few times , as did the phrase " " . But neither of those terms is proscribed under Facebook ’s Community Standards . And though there was definitely a goodly amount of righteous rage in the piece , at no point did I name names . It was just directed generally at the NeverTrumpers , whom I held largely responsible for Milo ’s recent defenestration . I felt   —    to sum up the argument of the piece   —    that Milo Milo yet another example of the way conservatives love to throw their conservatives to the wolves in order to appease the liberal left . Nor , I added , was I convinced by the pathetic argument that this was OK because " Milo Milo not a conservative . " That English faggot , I argued , has done more for the free speech of conservative students on campus than four decades’ worth of elegant editorials in journals like the National Review   …      This , I think , was an argument that needed to be made . Facebook clearly disagreed because   —    acting , presumably , on a vexatious complaint   —    they Facebook it down without explanation . One of the very worst things about the market domination by Facebook Facebook Twitter is that it enables the kind of people who normally loathe free markets , property rights and enterprise to pose like they ’re libertarian conservatives . " Oh , so you do n’t like the rules on Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Well , they they private businesses and they they make up what rules they they . If you do n’t like them they go somewhere else   …     " But you can bet that these passionate      would n’t be half so sanguine if they they subject to the prejudice and arbitrary injustice Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter on their Facebook and Twitter ( and other    ) users . Facebook Facebook shameless liberal bias has been    on Breitbart for example here and here . In response , Facebook Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg , promised to make amends . After first denying any knowledge of bias , Zuckerberg CEO Mark Zuckerberg forced to admit some former Facebook Facebook that curated content " might " have been biased against conservatives . He CEO Mark Zuckerberg to retrain employees and impose new " controls and oversight " to cut bias . He CEO Mark Zuckerberg agreed to stop allowing the liberal New York Times , CNN , NBC News , Washington Post and BuzzFeed to dominate Facebook New Feed postings . But the revelations kicked off a Senate inquiry of Zuckerberg from Republican John Thune , Chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee . To avoid an official investigation into News NBC News continuing bias , Facebook launched an internal investigation . After determining there had been " unintentional biases " by its Facebook progressive workforce , Zuckerberg Zuckerberg the extraordinary step of firing all NBC News News Feed July . The good intentions do n’t seem to have lasted long , though . Part of his problem Zuckerberg be that Facebook is only Facebook to be as good as the people working for it . And Facebook to the inevitable liberal selection bias , these are inevitably going to be liberal college graduates with liberal values who would n’t even know what a viable alternative viewpoint was if it bit them on the these   —    and who therefore decide that any opinion which does n’t accord with their own stultifying these correctness must ergo be " hate speech . " That ’s my number one theory , at any rate , as to how my Milo piece got me my ban . It broke none my Milo piece the official Facebook community rules . Just the unofficial one : thou shall not express conservative opinion forcefully . Obviously I ca n’t prove it because of the exceedingly untransparent way in which Facebook operates : Facebook get banned without recourse to any higher form of justice . But the much bigger problem is this : across the world from the US to the UK but perhaps most especially in Germany right now , the liberal elite is being uprooted by a populist revolution . The ugly , undisciplined , inappropriate , deplorable masses   —    that ’s you and me , by the way , among others   —    are rising up in revolt , reclaiming our democratic rights , and the people who ’ve got used to bossing us around these our few decades just do n’t like it one bit . That ’s why the liberal elite the liberal elite tool at their disposal to frustrate this the liberal elite revolt . One revolt ones is their hegemony over the media . They the main ones dominated the mainstream media for the main ones and they ’d very much like to do the main ones same to the alternative media , which is disruptive , unkempt and a serious threat to their power base . Hence the " the main ones news " narrative the   ’s media propagandists invented last year : to discredit the alternative viewpoints expressed everywhere from the conservative blogosphere to news sites like Breitbart . It ’s no coincidence that the politicians agitating for Facebook to come down harder on " fake news " are the ones who have most to fear from the Brexit and Trump revolutions   —    people like Labour ’s Yvette Cooper in the UK , Angela Merkel ’s government in Germany which is planning to punish Facebook with swingeing fines it fails to toe the line . Facebook has nothing to do with decency or fairness or balance . It ’s another manifestation of the liberal This ’s determination to close down its opposition by whatever means necessary . This 