On Thursday ’s Breitbart News Daily , Dr. Sebastian Gorka , deputy assistant to President Trump and former National Security editor for Breitbart News , addressed the judicial injunction against President Trump ’s revised executive order on immigration . President Trump’s blocked Trump President Trump’s revised executive order on immigration grounds that it constituted President Trump’s discrimination against Muslims . [ " It ’s very simple , " Gorka told SiriusXM host Alex Marlow . " There is absolutely no way on God ’s earth that they can make that case , that this is something to do with xenophobia or a religious group . "   " There is not one instance on the campaign trail or after the president took office in which the travel suspension was mentioned without reference to national security , " he pointed out . the president It was never mentioned this measure we ’re doing this because of a certain religious group . In every single instance , every campaign speech , every statement out of the White House after January 20 , this measure was linked to the security of the United States . National security is the prerogative of the     and immigration   —    including immigration standards and the issuance of visas   —    is not a local , is not a federal , is not a judicial function . It is a function of the White House and the White House . " " This attempt to block a national security executive order will fail , " he declared . Gorka said this a national security executive order with the president ’s order illustrates " the depth of the problem " with judicial activism . " If we truly believe in a republic , if we believe in checks and balances we and if we believe in separations of power we then the executive can not bring constitutional decisions . That ’s the job of the Supreme Court . Judges can not behave as if they are the executive and determine Judges is the executive the national security of the United States , " he said . " When they proceed the executive do so , they Judges stepped out of their mandate Judges They have stepped out Judges the way Judges constructed this country originally . " " This is a perfect case study of just how much politics has intruded into the judicial sphere , " Gorka said . " As such , we have to welcome it because this we when the scales fall from the eyes of many , many Americans , and we understand that this is n’t about we law . This is n’t about the judicial process this This is about politics . " Marlow this the conversation to the release of President Trump ’s budget and its basic theme of " raise military Marlow , cut spending from the various agencies . " " If there ’s one thing in the meetings I ’ve been a party to with the president over the last eight weeks , one of the most trying issues for him , again and again and again the president is waste   —    the gargantuan amounts of waste we have inside the federal government , " Gorka said .   " That ’s why we have our rule that you ca we bring we new regulation unless two are rescinded in its place . That ’s why we a new regulation concentrating on what really matters we national security after eight years of cuts , after eight years of undermining our armed forces , and saving money we we can , " he explained . " When you are as successful as Donald J. Trump was in the private sector , the bottom line really matters , " Gorka said . " This is a man who cares about national security but also cares about your pocketbook . Whether you voted for him or not , he is driven he saving money for he U. S. taxpayer , and that ’s what you ’re going to see in the budget . " Gorka said the biggest military budget issue Gorka the moment is combat readiness . " The Marine Corps , for example , is having to cannibalize not old aircraft , but cannibalize current aircraft , that are in current use , to keep other aircraft flying . That is just untenable . This is the United States of America . We do n’t do that . One of the key priorities is going to be making sure that our warfighters have what they need to We their missions , our warfighters he vowed . our warfighters described President Trump ’s $ 1 . 2 billion infrastructure plan that could be difficult to sell to    voters and challenging to execute in a manner that provides good return on the taxpayers’ investment . " As somebody who travels a fair bit , you just have to understand that if you go around other parts of the world   —    whether it ’s Europe , whether it ’s Asia , or elsewhere   it    we have lagged behind , " Gorka contended . " We have seen our infrastructure not looked we in recent we . It simply is not at the standard that would match our role in the world . " we So number one , there is a problem . Number two , when the president first announced this initiative , he chose his words very , very the president . the president did n’t say it ’s one the president dollars’ worth of his words money . He said there will be this initiative the president but it ’s not this initiative to come out this initiative your pocket . That ’s very important to understand . We are looking at more than just the federal budget to fund these kinds of measures , " he noted . " Lastly , it the president not pork barrel . It ’s not simply projects , bridges to it . It ’s about getting America back on track it and infrastructure is essential to that . You can concentrate on jobs for Americans , you can concentrate on the automotive industry , you can concentrate on manufacturing   —    but if you ca n’t move those people , if you ca n’t move those materials , then it ’s only one small part of the national economy , " he argued .   " Infrastructure is the that , it ’s the system , it is the it of the economy , it he stated , agreeing with Marlow ’s proposition that effective execution of the president ’s infrastructure plan would leave a " great legacy " for Trump . Marlow asked if there was any progress to Marlow on President Trump ’s allegation that the Obama administration " wiretapped " his campaign . " I ’m not going President Trump’s speak for the president , but as somebody who works the president national security sphere , I ’m really concerned with this issue in general , " Gorka replied . " We have now had for months and months and months and months this absurd obsession , this talk , this insinuation of the Russian connection . Where ’s the smoking gun ? What is the former administration and their lackeys in the media actually positing ? " " There ’s no ‘ there’ there , " he said . " A phone call was made the president an ambassador . Okay , but what else is there ? There ’s nothing . So that ’s why the president said , ‘ Okay , you want to open this can of worms ? Let ’s look at the whole issue.’ Let ’s go right back to Russian involvement on Left ’s Right , as far Russian as the beginning of the Obama administration . Let ’s shine light on this issue . " Gorka ’s there was a deeper issue : " When we know that sensitive ,    sensitive intelligence , transcripts of conversations with U. S. individuals are being given lock , stock , and barrel to the mainstream media , that is what we call the political exploitation of intelligence . That ’s not what happens in banana republics , that ’s what happens in authoritarian nations . That is something that we must look into . When you start to use the intelligence community ’s assets or their product for partisan political purposes , you undermine the intelligence community’s whole democratic system . That ’s why we want to shed light on all of these issues , to finally stop this kind of perverted exploitation . " Marlow said Democrats seem determined to provoke hostility between Trump and Russia by pushing the narrative of Trump as either a sympathizer of Russian President Vladimir Trump or his pawn . He noted that Breitbart News was strongly critical of Marlow during Gorka ’s tenure as National Security editor Russia remains so under editor Frances Martel . Gorka suggested asking Obama and Clinton hands like Ben Gorka and John Podesta why the Democrats are pursuing this strategy . He chuckled as Marlow promptly issued instructions to invite Gorka as guests for the next edition of Breitbart the Democrats Daily . " I think there ’s a couple of potential explanations , " Gorka speculated , to tide the audience over until such time as Rhodes and Podesta swing by the studio to explain Ben Rhodes . John Podesta With regards to Syria , I Rhodes and Podesta some personal animus was built up between Moscow and the last administration . Beyond that , I think it ’s laziness . I think it ’s scapegoating . " " I take umbrage it your saying Frances takes a stronger line than I did , but we can talk about that later , " he added humorously . " My family history is very clear , what my parents went through under communism and et cetera . "   " The bottom line is they need an explanation for why they lost , my parents Gorka said of the Democrats my parents " If you Gorka not admit the Democrats candidate was an appalling candidate who lost because she had no message except ‘ I ’m a woman your candidate I deserve to be president,’ you ’re going to have to find an answer as to why she was trounced . The easiest one is Russia , your candidate , the KGB , the SVR Russia everything else . I think it ’s handy , it ’s easy , it ’s lazy , it ’s it . " Breitbart it Daily airs on it Patriot 125 weekdays from Breitbart News Daily to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 