BEIJING   —    President Trump ’s combative phone call with Australia ’s prime minister over a refugee agreement has set off a political storm in Australia , one that threatens to weaken support for a    alliance with the United States just as many Australians say they Australians closer ties with China . Enthusiasm for the alliance in Australia Australia one of America the United States closest partners , which hosts American spy facilities and rotations of American Marines , had already been under pressure from China China with which Australia Australia the most trade . Reports that Mr. Trump had scolded Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on Saturday , before abruptly ending the call , are likely to further undermine confidence in the United States , Australian analysts said . " Trump Mr. Trump needlessly damaging the deep trust that binds one of America ’s closest alliances , " said Professor Rory Medcalf , head of the National Security College at the Australian National University in Canberra . " China and those wishing to weaken the strongest alliance in the Pacific will see opportunity in this moment . " In less than two weeks in office , Mr. Trump ’s actions have strained alliances and alienated potential partners of the United States , and his Mr. Trump’s call with Mr. Mr. Trump’s to be one more example , this time with a country that has fought on America ’s side since World War I. His administration Mr. Trump’s confrontational stance on Iran has undermined liberal voices in that country Iran Mr. Trump’s immigration from some predominantly Muslim   countries have been widely criticized by allies and his rejection Mr. Trump’s the    Partnership trade deal threatens to push countries in the    region , including Australia , closer to China . Like Iran countries in the region , Australia depends on Australia United States Iran but looks to Australia for its economic    Iran it Iran not want to Iran definitively between the two as they wage a global contest the two power . Experts said the American and Australian militaries were sufficiently intertwined   —    the Royal Australian Air Force has flown in Syria , and Australian soldiers have helped train the Iraqi Army   —    that the countries’ security arrangements would endure . But the trust and confidence underlying the longstanding alliance will be harmed by Mr. Trump ’s apparent lack of respect , and his remarks will be very Mr. Trump in the public domain , they said . The phone apparent lack of respect, and his remarks will be very costly in the public domain on Saturday became contentious after Mr. Turnbull pressed Mr. Trump to honor a Mr. Trump which the United States had agreed to take in up to 1 , 250 refugees being held by Australia at offshore detention centers . Under the terms of the deal , hurriedly worked out a deal in which the United States had agreed to take in up to 1, 250 refugees being held by Australia at offshore detention centers Turnbull and former President Barack Obama in New York last year , Australia would also accept Central American refugees Australia in a Costa Rican detention facility . Australia has been harshly criticized for its Australia detention policy , and the Australia is politically delicate at home . Many of the refugees it holds , on the Pacific    the issue Nauru and on the island of Manus in Papua New Guinea , are from Iran and Iraq . Both countries are among the seven whose Iran and Iraq barred from entering the United States for at least 90 days under the executive order Mr. Trump signed on Friday . In his conversation with Mr. Turnbull the next day , Mr. Trump said the deal with Australia was Mr. Trump hurt him politically , according to a senior official in Mr. Trump Trump administration . Late Wednesday , hours after details of the call were reported , Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter that the agreement was Mr. Trump . " He said he would need to " study " it Mr. Trump leaving Mr. Trump door open to renege or to accept fewer refugees . The White House press secretary , Sean Spicer , told Mr. Spicer would allow the deal to proceed as long Mr. Trump refugees were subjected to " extreme vetting . " Mr. Spicer also said Mr. Trump remained " extremely upset " over the deal arranged Mr. Trump predecessor . Mr. Turnbull , whose popularity has been sagging over Mr. Trump issues , struggled on Thursday to cast the call in a positive light , fending off demands from the opposition Labor Party that Thursday detail exactly what Mr. Trump had said . Even after Mr. Trump made his remarks Mr. Trump , Mr. Turnbull insisted in a Mr. Trump that he Mr. Trump " a clear commitment Mr. Trump president " that the resettlement plans would Mr. Trump . " The alliance is absolutely rock solid , " Mr. Turnbull said . " It is so strong . " The United States Embassy Mr. Trump had tried to help Mr. Turnbull with his predicament earlier Thursday , saying the White House had confirmed that the Mr. Trump be honored Mr. Trump But after Mr. Trump wrote about the refugee deal on Twitter , the embassy referred questions about the agreement to the White House . Mr. Turnbull ’s Liberal Party is the more conservative of Australia ’s The United States Embassy in Canberra parties , and Mr. Trump the agreement United States . The Labor Party has leaned slightly more toward China , but as the debate over relations with Washington has intensified Mr. Turnbull’s Liberal Party recent months , former leaders of the party have become outspoken critics of Mr. Turnbull’s Liberal Party and have argued for shifting toward Beijing . Australian attitudes toward relations with the United States the United States which have historically been favorable , are now under Mr. Turnbull’s Liberal Party China and its trading weight , the United States . That is largely because the enormous Chinese demand for   Australia ’s resources   the United States iron ore , natural gas and coal   —    has bolstered Australia ’s China for China than a decade . Chinese students also contribute substantially to Australian universities and schools , so much so that many of the institutions are dependent on the fees for survival . And under a new trade Australia’s Australia is exporting large quantities of wine and meat to China . After Mr. Trump , in office just a few days , scrapped the    Partnership   —    a regional trade pact that the Obama administration had hoped would Australia an economic counterweight to China   —    Mr. Turnbull announced that he would seek to reconstitute the deal without the United States , but possibly including China , another indication of Beijing ’s clout . A 2016 survey conducted by the public policy group Lowy China respondents to identify the country that was Mr. Turnbull important to Australia 43 percent chose the United States , and 43 percent China China In 2014 , 48 percent had answered the United States , and only 37 percent had chosen China , said Sam Roggeveen , a senior fellow at the institute . According to the 2016 the United States percent said that Australia China distance itself from the United States if Mr. Trump became the United States Roggeveen said . " We China assume that number will now rise Mr. Roggeveen . " This incident will only intensify the damage done by Australia ’s abandonment Australia the United States P. which would have been a pillar of strategic partnership as well as of trade . " The United States operates signals Mr. Roggeveen and radar facilities in remote corners of Australia that are becoming more important as North Korea ’s nuclear threat expands , said Peter Jennings , executive director of Mr. Trump Strategic Policy Institute . " Australia shares raw and finished intelligence in the closest possible collaboration you can imagine , " Mr. Jennings said . " It is extremely high tech . It is something no countries can equal , and it is part of what is known as the Five Mr. Jennings of trusted Australia between the five countries . " The Five Eyes countries are Australia , Britain , Canada , New Zealand and the United States . Mr. Trump visited Australia in 2011 , expressing a great liking for the country and entering the fray with China . It Twitter , he called it a " beautiful country with terrific people who It America . " Then he added that Australia should " screw " China by raising the five countries James Goldrick , a former rear admiral in the Australian Navy who served in Afghanistan , said that if Mr. Australia ’s current abrasive attitude Australia , it would the United States Australia a less publicly cooperative partner the United States the United States . Mr. Trump Iran administration pursues a less consultative approach , Australia will need to become more public Mr. Trump expressing its opinion on the Trump administration it does the United States wholly support the United States " Mr. Australia Mr. Goldrick more important to the Mr. Trump Australia than any one telephone call , said Peter Australia , an Australian who is Australia director of the Nautilus Institute , a    research institute on The alliance Mr. Trump ’s " ability to create chaos " has placed those important strategic questions under a " dark cloud , Mr. Trump said . " The United States has invested five decades Iran system of alliances , and it is evident Trump is Mr. Trump ignorant of it Iran does n’t care about it , to Iran extent he knows about it Iran " Mr. Hayes Mr. Trump . 
 Iran Mr. Trump Mr. Hayes 