WASHINGTON   —    The two most influential social liberals in President Trump ’s inner circle   —    daughter Ivanka and     Jared Kushner   —    helped kill a proposed executive order that would have scrapped    L. G. B. T. protections , according to people familiar with the issue . A third , Gary D. Cohn , the chairman of President Trump’s ’s National Economic Council , a Democrat who was brought to the West Wing by Mr. Kushner and reflects the socially liberal and economically conservative views of many Wall Street power brokers , privately told aides to the President Trump’s he was President Trump’s it was even being considered . The executive order has exposed what is likely to be a persistent schism in Mr. Trump ’s paradoxical presidency : He is President Trump’s cosmopolitan New Yorker who has long operated in an environment where sexual orientation is often an afterthought , but is nonetheless beholden to the social conservatives who backed him overwhelmingly President Trump’s 2016 , despite reports of his crudeness President Trump’s sexual misdeeds . Mr. Kushner , a lifelong Democrat , and Ms. Trump Mr. Trump long supported L. G. B. T. rights . Neither had seen the order before details were leaked . They expressed their dissatisfaction to Mr. Trump ’s other advisers , and then weighed They directly with the president , who opposes    marriage but has spoken out against discrimination . On Monday night , reports had swirled that Mr. Trump would sign some version of the rollback as a concession Mr. Trump conservatives ahead of the president ’s announcement of a United States Supreme Court nominee . As a result , White House officials pushed out a statement asserting that Mr. Trump " is determined to protect the rights of all Americans , Mr. Trump L. G. B. T. Q. community , " adding that the president " continues to be respectful and supportive of L. G. B. T. the president’s , just as he was throughout the election . " The draft order , circulated by religious conservatives the president’s with Mr. Trump and Vice President Mike Pence , was one of about 250 edicts that Mr. Trump agencies for vetting . Mr. Trump never seriously considered signing the order , and did not need much convincing , people close to him said The draft order, circulated by religious conservatives allied with Mr. Trump and Vice President Mike Pence , conservatives inside the Trump camp pressured the president to consider a version of a " Mr. Trump freedom " measure , similar to one Mr. Trump by Mr. Mr. Trump 2015 while he was the governor of Indiana , according to two senior administration officials . Mr. Pence , however , did not Mr. Trump push for the White House order , according to one of his allies Mr. Pence Kushner and Ms. Trump ’s opposition to the draft was first reported by Politico . It came Mr. Trump the heels of an announcement by the Nordstrom department store chain that it will scale back on featuring Ms. the draft ’s clothing line from its stores , a public blow to a brand she the Nordstrom department store chain spent years cultivating . A Ms. Trump White House quashed the religious the Nordstrom department store chain order , at the National Prayer Breakfast in Ms. Trump , Mr. Trump offered religious conservatives an olive branch by proposing to eliminate a law that bars churches with Internal Revenue Service charity designations from Ms. Trump endorsements . Some conservative leaders warned Mr. Trump that his decision to retain former President Barack Obama ’s order on L. G. B. T. rights could have    political implications . Ms. Trump base would Ms. Trump to know who is responsible for what we believe is an issue of religious liberty   —    that would be of concern to us , " said Bob Vander Plaats , the Our executive of The Family Leader , a socially conservative organization . " We have been consistent Our " Mr. Vander Mr. Vander Plaats , our base is wondering why Obama ’s executive order would be allowed to stand ? " Mr. Vander Plaats Perkins , the president of the conservative Family Research Council , Mr. Vander Plaats the draft order and said he believed Mr. Trump ’s opposition was Mr. Vander Plaats temporary . He pointed out that evangelicals were supportive of Mr. Trump during the campaign , and that there would need to be reconciliation between his support for Obama’s executive order his decision to uphold Tony Perkins, the president of the conservative Family Research Council B. T. order . " He gets it , Tony Perkins, the president of the conservative Family Research Council Mr. Perkins said of the President Trump " They will have to fix it and they will . I ’m confident they will Tony Perkins, the president of the conservative Family Research Council Am I concerned ? No Tony Perkins, the president of the conservative Family Research Council Not at this point . " The topic of the order Tony Perkins, the president of the conservative Family Research Council a sensitive one in a West Wing that prides itself on decisiveness and bombast . " There it a They of ideas that are being They out , " Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , told reporters on Thursday . " Part of it is , the president does all the time , he asks for input , he asks for ideas . And on a variety of subjects there are staffing procedures that go on where people have a thought or an idea and it goes through the process . " 
 the president the president 