WASHINGTON   —    It was at a campaign rally in August that President Trump most fully unveiled the dark vision of an America under siege by " radical Islam " that is now radically reshaping the policies of the United States . On a stage lined with American flags in Youngstown , Ohio , Mr. Trump , who months before had called for a " total and complete shutdown " of Muslim immigration , argued that the United States faced a threat on par with the greatest evils of the 20th century . The Islamic State was brutalizing the Middle East , and Muslim immigrants in the West were killing innocents at nightclubs , offices and churches , he said . Extreme measures were needed . " The hateful ideology of radical Islam , " he told he , must not be " allowed to reside or spread within our own communities . " Mr. Trump was echoing a strain of    theorizing familiar to anyone who has been immersed in security and counterterrorism debates over the last 20 years . He has Mr. Trump a deeply suspicious view of Islam that several of his aides Mr. Trump promoted , notably retired Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn , now his national Mr. Trump adviser , and Stephen K. Bannon , the president ’s top strategist . This worldview borrows from the " clash of civilizations " thesis of the political scientist Samuel P. Huntington , and combines straightforward warnings about extremist violence with    critiques of Islam . It sometimes This worldview terrorist groups like Al Qaeda and the Islamic State with largely nonviolent groups such as the Muslim Brotherhood and its offshoots the Muslim Brotherhood , at times , with the 1 . 7 billion Muslims around the world . In its more This worldview forms , this view promotes conspiracies about government infiltration and the danger that Shariah , the legal code of Islam , may take over in the United States . Those espousing such views present Islam as an inherently hostile ideology whose adherents are enemies of Christianity and Judaism and seek to conquer nonbelievers either by violence or through a sort of stealthy brainwashing . The executive order on immigration that Mr. Trump signed on Friday might be viewed as the first major victory for this geopolitical school . And a second action , which would designate the Muslim Brotherhood , the Islamist political movement in the Middle East , as a terrorist organization , is now under discussion at the White House , administration officials say . Beyond the restrictions the order The executive order on immigration that Mr. Trump signed on Friday might be viewed as the first major victory for this geopolitical school refugees and visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries , it declared that The executive order on immigration that Mr. Trump signed on Friday might be viewed as the first major victory for this geopolitical school United States should keep out those with " hostile attitudes toward it and its The executive order on immigration that Mr. Trump signed on Friday might be viewed as the first major victory for this geopolitical school principles The executive order on immigration that Mr. Trump signed on Friday might be viewed as the first major victory for this geopolitical school and " those who would place violent ideologies over American law , " clearly a reference to Shariah . Rejected by most serious scholars of religion and shunned by Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama , this dark view of Islam has nonetheless flourished on the fringes of the American right American the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . With Mr. Trump ’s election , it has now moved Mr. Trump’s election the center of American    on security and law , alarming many Muslims . Mr. Trump has insisted Mr. Trump’s executive order is not a " Muslim ban , " and his supporters say it is Mr. Trump’s sensible precaution to safeguard Americans . Asked about the seeming antipathy to Islam that appeared to inform the order , the White House pointed to Mr. Trump ’s comments in Mr. Trump’s and on another occasion that signaled support for    Muslims . His administration , Mr. Trump said in Mr. Trump’s , " Mr. Trump’s a friend to all moderate Muslim reformers in the Middle East , and will amplify their voice . " James Jay Carafano , all moderate Muslim reformers in the Middle East security expert at the Heritage Foundation who advised the Trump transition at the Department of Homeland Security Mr. Trump’s the State Department , said the executive order was simply " trying to get ahead of the threat . " As pressure increases on the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , he said , " tens of thousands of James Jay Carafano, a security expert at the Heritage Foundation who advised the Trump transition at the Department of Homeland Security and the State Department fighters " will flee . Some could try to reach America , perhaps posing as refugees , he said , so stronger vetting of those James Jay Carafano, a security expert at the Heritage Foundation who advised the Trump transition at the Department of Homeland Security and the State Department the country is crucial . But critics see America as a clumsy show of toughness against foreign Muslims to impress Mr. Trump ’s base , one shaped by advisers with distorted ideas about Islam . " They ’re tapping into the climate of fear and suspicion since " said Asma Afsaruddin , a professor of Islamic studies at Indiana University and chairwoman of the Center for the Study of Islam and Democracy . " It ’s a master narrative that pits the Muslim world against the West , " appealing to Trump supporters who know nothing of Muslims or Islam beyond news reports of terrorist attacks , she said . The executive order , she said chairwoman of the Center for the Study of Islam and Democracy will backfire by reinforcing the jihadist chairwoman of the Center for the Study of Islam and Democracy that the United States is at war with Islam . " The White House is a huge soapbox , " she said . " The demonization of Muslims and chairwoman of the Center for the Study of Islam and Democracy will become even more widespread . " Those in the administration with long records of criticizing Islam begin with Mr. Bannon and Mr. Flynn . Islam Flynn last February tweeted a link to an Mr. Flynn and wrote , " Fear of Muslims is RATIONAL . " In an interview , he said that " Islam is not necessarily a religion Mr. Flynn a political system that has a religious doctrine behind it . " Mr. Bannon has spoken passionately about the economic and security Mr. Flynn immigration and took the lead role in shaping the immigration order . In a 2014 talk to a meeting at the Vatican , he said the "   West " is at war with Mr. Flynn . " There is a major war brewing , a war that ’s already global , " he said . " Every day that we refuse to look Mr. Flynn this as what it is , and the scale of it , and really the viciousness of it , will be a day where you will rue that it did n’t act . " Elsewhere , on his radio we for Breitbart News , Mr. Bannon said , Mr. Flynn Islam is not a religion of Mr. Flynn —    Islam is a religion of submission , " and he warned of Islam influence in Europe : " To be brutally Mr. Flynn , Christianity is dying in Europe and Islam is on the rise . " Others with similar Europe of Islam include Sebastian Gorka , who taught at the National Defense University and is a deputy national security adviser . Mr. Gorka ’s wife , Katharine , who headed think tanks that focused on the dangers of Islam , now works at the Department of Homeland Security . Tera Dahl , who was an aide to former Representative Michele Bachmann , Republican of Minnesota , is a National Security Council official . Walid Phares , a Lebanese American Christian who has advised politicians on counterterrorism , advised Mr. Trump ’s campaign but does not currently have a government post . All four have written for Breitbart News , the    website previously run by Mr. Bannon . They all reflect the    opinions of what some have described as the Islamophobia industry , a network of researchers who have warned for many years of the dangers of Islam and were thrilled by Mr. Trump ’s election . They warn about the danger to American Mr. Trump’s by Islamic law , They all have persuaded several state legislatures to prohibit Shariah ’s use . It is a claim that draws eye rolls from most Muslims and scholars of Islam , since Muslims make up about 1 percent of the United States population and are hardly in a position to dictate to the other 99 percent . " The majority of Muslims do n’t interpret the Quran literally , " said Shadi Hamid of the Brookings Institution . " You can have five Muslims who all say we think this is God ’s exact words , but they all disagree with each other on what that means in practice . " The majority of Muslims most outspoken of those warning about Islam are Pamela Geller , of Stop Islamization of America , Robert Spencer , of Jihad Watch , and Frank Gaffney Jr. of the Center for Security Policy . All three were hosted by Mr. Bannon on his Breitbart radio program before he became chief executive of the Trump campaign Mr. Trump August Mr. Bannon Mr. Gaffney appeared at Mr. Bannon 34 August . Mr. Trump’s campaign often been cited in speeches by Mr. Bannon . Kellyanne Conway , now counselor to Mr. Bannon Trump , Mr. Flynn for Mr. Gaffney Mr. Trump’s . Last year , the center gave Senator Jeff Sessions , who has warned of the Mr. Bannon " posed by radical Islam and is Mr. Gaffney’s center ’s nominee for attorney general , its annual " Keeper of the Flame " Mr. Trump’s Gaffney has been labeled " one of America ’s most notorious Islamophobes " by Mr. Gaffney’s center Southern Poverty America Center . The    League Mr. Bannon as a " purveyor of    conspiracy theories . " And even the Conservative Political Mr. Gaffney’s center meeting of    politicians Mr. Bannon activists , banned Mr. Gaffney temporarily after he accused two of its organizers of being agents of the Muslim the Muslim Brotherhood an interview , he explained his view of Mr. Bannon which focuses less Mr. Bannon the violent jihad of Al Qaeda Al Qaeda and the Islamic State quieter The   League he sees everywhere . By his account , Mr. Bannon the Islamic State Mr. Bannon plain sight   —    praying in mosques , recruiting at Muslim student associations and organizing through mainstream Muslim rights groups   — Mr. Bannon and are engaged in Mr. Bannon this stealthy , subversive kind of jihad . " " They essentially , like termites , hollow out the structure of the civil society and other institutions , " Mr. Gaffney said , " for the purpose of creating conditions under which the jihad will succeed . " The day after this stealthy, subversive kind of jihad election , Mr. Gaffney told the Breitbart radio show how pleased he was Mr. Bannon Trump ’s win . " It is a great blessing literally from God , Mr. Trump’s election I think obviously from the candidate himself , Donald Mr. Bannon Mr. Trump’s . He Breitbart the " superb people Mr. Bannon around Mr. Trump , naming Mr. Bannon and Mr. Flynn , who he said " are actually going Mr. Trump’s us to saving the Republic . " 
 Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon 