During a discussion of BuzzFeed ’s story on a dossier regarding Russia and    Donald Trump on Wednesday ’s broadcast of MSNBC ’s " MTP Daily , " host Chuck Todd told BuzzFeed     Ben Smith " you just published fake news . "   host Chuck Todd said BuzzFeed decision to publish the dossier was an instance where they " would not have made the same decision in the    era . " Smith Ben Smith that it was more " the    era . " And that there was a time " where we could act as gatekeepers . Where we we say , you know what , crazy people are claiming that Barack Obama ’s birth certificate is forged , but we we not going to write about that , that ’s crazy . " He continued that this era does n’t exist , and that while they crazy people reporters trying to confirm or deny specific details , the dossier was " in play , " and " having consequences for the way our elected leaders are acting . The   —    you do have to ask the question of , why should I suppress that ? There are then good reasons , right ? Once though , it emerges , as it it last night in the public conversation that there is this secret document floating around , full of dark allegations that we will not repeat to you . That I feel like in this era , you really have to share [ with ] your readers what that is in an appropriate context . And our original report , I mean , if you read what we our , it stressed that there were real solid reasons to distrust this . It it two specific errors . " Todd then asked if BuzzFeed had a responsibility to not spread false information . Smith responded that , like with the Obama birth certificate issue , it the Obama birth certificate issue a " difficult balance that everybody in our business navigates every day . " Todd Todd asked if BuzzFeed BuzzFeed publish a false birth certificate . Smith Smith , " We our quoted the    of the United States making false claims about it , and years ago we our whether we should quote regular citizens in Iowa saying , I do n’t believe his    certificate . And I remember us our at first , we our should n’t . That we our our n’t pass that on and then saying , you know what , this has become a force that is impacting the conversation . " Todd countered , " I know this this not your intent . I ’ve known you a long time , but you just published fake news . " Smith countered that people throw the term " fake news " around to diminish things they people n’t like , and that " this was a real story about a real document that was really being passed around between the very top officials of this country . And then the question you say is , okay , it ’s okay for you   —    to Chuck Todd see this a real document that was really being passed around between the very top officials of this country It ’s a real document that was really being passed around between the very top officials of this country for me to see it . a real document that was really being passed around between the very top officials of this country for Senator John McCain ( ) . Okay for the CIA . What ’s   —    why is it not okay for your audience ? " Todd then Chuck Todd that BuzzFeed could have published a redacted version of the document a real document that was really being passed around between the very top officials of this country answered that there was fair disagreement , but did n’t think you could defend acknowledging the dossier ’s existence but then not say what was in it and that the dossier was saying it was okay to summarize false claims . Smith further stated Smith if there was n’t a " public conversation " about the dossier , the dossier have just continued to report the story out . (   Mediaite ) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 