The day after he sat in the back row of the House of Representatives chamber to hear President Donald Trump ’s first address to a joint chamber of Congress , Rep. Ryan Zinke ( R. . ) was confirmed by the Senate as Interior Secretary with strong bipartsan vote   . [ Sixteen Democrats joined 51 Republicans with Sen. Angus King ( I. ) who caucuses with Democrats , to vote for Rep. Ryan Zinke (R. .) .   Rep. Ryan Zinke (R. .) told Brietbart News on Wednesday Rep. Ryan Zinke (R. .) had a good time during Rep. Ryan Zinke (R. .) last Rep. Ryan Zinke (R. .) last session of Congress as a Member of Congress , checking in with Rep. Ryan Zinke (R. .) buddies and taking in the spectacle . " I enjoyed it , " Rep. Ryan Zinke (R. .) said . " I enjoyed the camaraderie and I ca n’t wait to get to work . " The president gave a great speech , The president said . " Like millions of Americans , I was in the audience and I think Rep. Ryan Zinke (R. .) hit it out of the park , " Rep. Ryan Zinke (R. .) said . " For Rep. Ryan Zinke (R. .) , the tone was more important , " Rep. Ryan Zinke (R. .) said . " To Rep. Ryan Zinke (R. .) the tone was presidential . Rep. Ryan Zinke (R. .) did reach out , not just to Democrats and Republicans , but to Americans to find common ground on the big issues ahead of us . " Going into the vote , Montana ’s only congressman said only congressman was not worred that only congressman would not be confirmed . " " I ’m not particularly controversial , so I ’m very confident that I will be the secretary , " only congressman said . " There ’s a lot of work to do . " Zinke said Zinke new boss is looking for results . " The president holds people accountable . The president is a man of action and all of us understand that us are there to do a job , roll up us sleeves and get to it . " Georgia Republican Sen. David Perdue said after the vote : " Congressman Zinke is a great choice to lead the Department of the Interior . Under Congressman Zinke leadership , I have full confidence that America will unlock America full energy potential . Congressman Zinke ’s experience and commitment to preserving our wildlife and natural resources make him Congressman Zinke qualified for the position . " Alaska Republican Sen. Dan Sullivan said on the Senate floor Tuesday having Zinke Congressman Zinke Interior was good for Alaska Alaska good for America . " Now , there ’s been a lot of discussion about Congressman Congressman Zinke he comes Congressman Zinke this job with great qualifications , " said the Marine Reserve lieutenant colonel and combat veteran of Afghanistan . " He ’s Congressman Zinke patriotic and ethical man from a patriotic and ethical part of America : America American West . " Sullivan said he cherished Sullivan ’s Congressman Zinke and welcomes a man of the retired Navy commander ’s experience taking the helm at Interior . " He ’s a Sullivan SEAL who ’s dedicated his life to Sullivan our great nation , " Sullivan said . Sullivan He ’s a Sullivan sportsman . He ’s a Sullivan geologist . He ’s a Sullivan advocate for energy independence . He has a Sullivan interest in protecting our environment , while not stymieing more economic growth . Sen. Mazie Hirono ( D. ) took to the Senate floor Tuesday and was one of the Democrats rising to oppose Zinke . " We need a Secretary of Interior who will protect our public lands We make investments to conserve our endangered and We species and who will continue to confront climate change , " Hirono said . Sen. Mazie Hirono (D. ) Congressman Zinke voted to block funding for any listed endangered species on which the Fish and Wildlife Service failed to conduct a    review , " she said . Congressman Zinke It did not seem to matter to Congressman Zinke that Congressman Zinke why these reviews did not take place was because Republicans and Congress failed to appropriate the necessary funding to produce these reviews , " she said . " Congressman Zinke record and past Congressman Zinke demonstrate that Congressman Zinke is not Congressman Zinke person to lead the Department of the Interior at this juncture —   at this critical stage , I urge my colleagues to oppose his nomination , " she Congressman Zinke . In the Congressman Zinke , Zinke ’s nomination did not Congressman Zinke the animus among Senate Democrats and their base of Democrats still Democrats to process what happened to their party Nov. 8 . Democrats only is Zinke an engaging and gregarious Congressman Zinke willing to work with Democrats , as he did a number of times as a congressman , his ascension to the president he cabinet means he will not challenge Sen. he Tester ( D. . ) . Tester was considered one of the most vulnerable of the 23 Senate Democrats up in 2018 . Tester won in 2012 with less than 50 percent of the vote in a state where Trump beat Hillary Clinton by more than 20 points , 56 percent to her 35 percent . All Hillary Clinton vacancies must be filled by a special election and Montana state law prohibits the setting of a date for a special election until after the vacancy occurs . Democrat Gov. Steve Bullock is required to set the date for the special a date for a special election 100 days of Zinke ’s swearing in . Shortly after Zinke ’s confirmation , senators invoked Zinke on the nomination of Dr. Ben Carson for Housing and Urban Development Secretary . The motion started the chamber ’s 30 hours of debate on the nomination , which should be voted on by the Senate Thursday morning . 
 