Monday on " Anderson Cooper 360 , " CNN chief national security correspondent Jim Sciutto called a report that former National Security Advisor Susan Rice was behind the unmasking of identities of members of the Trump transition team in surveillance of foreign officials to be a distraction from a larger investigation of the Trump administration .   According to what Sciutto described as a " source , " those allegations aimed at former National Security Advisor Susan Rice were false , which is what Sciutto based Sciutto claim of this being a distraction . Partial transcript as follows : Well , just a short time ago , I spoke with someone close to former National Security Advisor Susan Rice , and this is the first comments from someone close to Rice former National Security Advisor Susan Rice on these those allegations aimed at Rice I ’ll read it in quotes . " The idea that Ambassador former National Security Advisor Susan Rice former National Security Advisor Susan Rice the identities of Americans is false . There is nothing unusual about making these requests when serving as a senior national security official , whether Democrat or Republican . " That coming from someone who works for Ambassador Rice former National Security Advisor Susan Rice let ’s go beyond that , because I spoke today with senior   —    former senior U. S. intelligence officials , the senior most who served both Republican and Democratic administrations , and this is what they have told me about this story . They said , " they , this is not unusual . This happens . When you are briefed on intelligence communications like this , sometimes senior national security officials can ask the intelligence community to identify the Americans either mentioned in those conversations or on the other side of those phone calls . It ’s not up to that senior U. S. national security official to make that decision , it ’s then up It the intelligence agencies , the NSA , they decide what ’s the NSA to then unmask for that senior official . that senior U. S. national security official . There are protocols that have been put in place since    to allow this to happen . " And I ’m told , this very meticulously logged , someone this to me , described it , it someone like Catholic this records this It ’s so    logged . this ca n’t    this in secret and you have to do it without the approval of the this community . And , finally , Anderson , I would just say , why would someone do this ? Every day , they ’re getting briefings on intelligence . Their briefer chooses what they are they on , including they Rice , in those briefings , an official such as Rice might say , to further Ambassador Rice it , I would like to know who those names are . And that ’s why they would make that request , those names then as I said would have to be approved by the intelligence community . That ’s what I ’m told . And again to note by senior intelligence officials who work for both Democrats and Republicans . This appears to be a story , largely ginned up , partly as a distraction from this larger investigation . But I will say , Anderson , you ’re aware of this , the investigations continue , This particularly on the House side , there are now questions coming from both Democrats and Republicans about how both Democrats and Republicans be . (   Daily Caller this larger investigation Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 