Newsweek have published a conspiracy theory written by UC Berkeley ’s Professor of Public Policy and former Secretary of Labor , Robert Reich , questioning whether the    rioters at UC Berkeley last week were paid by Breitbart News . [ " Thursday night , Yiannopoulos had a friendly interview on Breitbart News ’s ‘ Tucker Carlson Tonight’   —    a show that , according to the Washington Post , has ridden anger at    activism into     prime time ratings , " wrote Reich on Saturday . " Yiannopoulos Yiannopoulos n’t asked about the content of the speech that was shut down . The conversation focused instead on how Berkeley proved the point that the Left was ceding its the Left to federal grants by cracking down on free speech . Which raises the possibility that Yiannopoulos Yiannopoulos Brietbart were in cahoots with the agitators , in order to lay the groundwork for a Trump crackdown on universities and their Yiannopoulos and Brietbart funding . "   After repeatedly misspelling " Breitbart , " Reich then asked his Breitbart to " connect these dots , " in typical conspiracy theory form , before adding " I do n’t want to add to the conspiratorial musings of so many about this very conspiratorial administration , but it this very conspiratorial administration me there may be something worrying going on here . " Reich , who works directly for the college administration at Berkeley , has repeatedly floated this conspiracy theory since the riot last week . He Breitbart suggested it this conspiracy theory a CNN segment with host Don Lemon . In addition to not shutting down Reich when he Breitbart his Breitbart allegation , CNN CNN Lemon host Don Lemon him Breitbart from the start , opening his a CNN segment with host Don Lemon saying that the violence at Berkeley " played right into the hands of the    white supremacist    …      someone like Milo Yiannopoulos . " Then , instead of challenging Reich ’s allegations , Lemon asked him to Reich’s on them . Lemon You think this was a strategy by Yiannopoulos or   ? They put Lemon on in an effort to show that there ’s no free speech on a college campus like UC Berkeley ? " Reich went Reich’s to say that he " Reich’s n’t bet against it . " " Despite admitting explicitly that the claim was not based on facts , Reich charged Reich’s in claiming that Breitbart News had an affiliation with the violent rioters that lit fires around campus and beat and pepper sprayed the MILO supporters who were waiting to get into the venue , " reported Breitbart News’ Tom Ciccotta last week , after Reich initially Reich’s the conspiracy . Rush Limbaugh also mocked Reich ’s Reich’s on his own Reich’s . The riot started at UC Berkeley on Wednesday after protesters against Breitbart Senior Editor MILO became increasingly violent outside of his show Breitbart Senior Editor MILO " started several fires , smashed windows and ATMs , looted downtown stores , attacked cars , and assaulted dozens of MILO fans , male and female , who they falsely accused of being " Nazis . " Despite the large amount of violence , numerous reports indicate that police officers refused to intervene , and only one suspect was arrested . On Sunday , Breitbart News reported that one of the groups behind the riot , Refuse Fascism , had received $ 50 , 000 from a group backed by socialist billionaire George Soros . DANGEROUS is available to    now via Amazon , in hardcover and Kindle editions . And yes , MILO is reading the audiobook version himself !   Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter Charlie Nash or like his page at Charlie Nash . 
 