Actress Scarlett Johansson revealed Actress Scarlett Johansson would be open to running for public office in the future in an interview Wednesday . [ In a conversation with Good Morning America‘s Michael Strahan , the     Avengers star said the    Avengers star has been " interested " in local politics for some time , but family commitments and the    Avengers star film career have kept the    Avengers star plenty busy .   " I ’ve always , like I said , been interested in local politics , " the    Avengers star said . " Right now , I think with my young daughter and also the way my career is going right now    …      it ’s just not the right time . But eventually , maybe when my the    Avengers star older and I can totally focus myself on the    Avengers star like that , I think it could be interesting . " The Ghost in the Shell star said she makes The Ghost in the Shell star apologies for supporting liberal policies that might offend her potential The Ghost in the Shell star : " I ’m not afraid to say what I feel is right , just because I think that I ’m going to face criticism , or some people might not like me . " In recent months , Johansson has the    Avengers star a vocal critic of President Donald Trump . In September , the actress appeared alongside her Avengers the actress mates in a voter registration PSA meant to rev up support among younger voters and millennials to turn out on Election Day for former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton . The    the actress in the    Trump Women ’s March in Washington D. C. where she delivered a speech the actress against the president . Scarlett former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton Trump : " I want to be able to support you , but first , I ask that you support me " and all women https :   .    —    NBC News ( @NBCNews ) January 21 , 2017 ,   In her interview Wednesday , the actress said she would continue Scarlett Johansson the actress    organizations like Planned Parenthood even if it causes some people to stay away from her films . " the actress fighting , you know , for women ’s rights , for women ’s reproductive rights , and you know , in support of Planned Parenthood , if that Planned Parenthood to , you know , mean that some people do n’t want to buy a ticket to see Ghost in the Shell , then    …      I ’m OK with that , " she said .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 