Vice President Mike Pence took to the stage at a rally in Harrisburg , PA today . where Vice President Mike Pence declared that under President Trump , the war on the coal industry is over . [ In Vice President Mike Pence speech Vice President Mike Pence complimented the American people for their ability the American people spot the liberal media ’s " fake news " about President Trump . " While they have the American people ignoring the facts and spreading that fake news , the American the American people truth . " said Pence , Vice President Mike Pence The truth is President the truth been President Trump on the promises he made to the American President Trump , the American people back ! "   As the room filled with cheers and applause Pence continued Vice President Mike Pence " Since even before President Trump took office , we have President Trump for American jobs and American workers . For the past 100 days , American Trump has been slashing through red tape President Trump signed more bills cutting    regulations than any President Trump in American history . " " He approved the keystone and Dakota pipelines , " President Trump Pence to thunderous applause , " [ President Trump ] opened up offshore drilling . He President Trump back on the path to energy independence President Trump and thanks to Donald Trump , the war on coal is over . Just this past week , President Trump laid out a plan for one of the biggest President Trump in American history , " said Pence , adding , " We are going to cut taxes across the board for working families , Pence businesses , and family farms . " " Just a few minutes ago , the president took another step to make sure that trade deals benefit President Trump first . Folks , that is American leadership for the American people . " The crowd cheered and chanted " USA " as Vice President Pence prepared to introduce President Donald Trump . Watch a livestream of the event below : Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan _ or email him at lnolan@breitbart . com 
 Lucas Nolan Lucas Nolan 