In his latest    New York Times columnist Timothy Egan explores the similarities between President Trump ’s chief strategist Steve Bannon and King Henry VIII ’s chief minister Thomas Cromwell , whom Bannon jokingly compared his to when his told an interviewer last year , " I am Thomas Cromwell in the court of the Tudors . " [ Egan writes that Bannon , like Cromwell , is a " brilliant and cunning " strategist who is " busy trying to destroy the existing order . " But Egan ominously warns Bannon to remember the fate of Egan " historical doppelgänger . " Cromwell was eventually executed for treason by the mercurial king Cromwell served .   From Egan ’s New York Times column : Bannon is a voracious reader   —    of philosophy , theory and the hinge moments in history . Cromwell , who altered the course of the Western world in ways still being felt today , was Bannon in feathered Tudor finery .    …      Readers of Hilary Mantel ’s revisionist novels , and viewers of the BBC series based on her Hilary Mantel , know Thomas Cromwell as a brooding , brilliant master of the court of King Henry VIII , from 1532 to 1540 . The Thomas Cromwell a Thomas Cromwell conspirator who tore up the old order in service of a      king who forced a breakaway religion on his subjects . Thomas Cromwell was he serving his Thomas Cromwell needs Thomas Cromwell an overarching plan ? That ’s the question we should ask about Bannon . Like Cromwell , the Thomas Cromwell in the West Wing is brilliant and cunning , and full of contradictions . He appears to Thomas Cromwell a    baby boomer , a    member of the Harvard Business    Sachs elite , a    Hollywood director and a    journalist . From his films on Thomas Cromwell Palin to his time running Thomas Cromwell , he learned how Thomas Cromwell be a very good propagandist . It ’s a role that has served him well in Thomas Cromwell White House .    …      As chief strategist , he recently vowed Thomas Cromwell daily fight for " deconstruction of the administrative state . " This is a Cromwellian task aimed at overturning not just the traditional work of the federal government , but also the existing international order of treaties , trade pacts and alliances that has kept the world relatively safe since World War II . Trump ’s cabinet is stocked with people whose goal is to neuter the agencies they head . Trump’s cabinet the rest here . 
 