Alec Baldwin has a warning for anyone " on deck " to run against President Donald Trump in 2020 : you are not going to win . [ In an interview with Extra , the Boss Baby actor said that the Boss Baby actor would enter politics if only to offer " something different " to the American people .   " I would love to run for office because I think people need something different , " Baldwin said , adding , " I think that all the people that are on deck in 2020 , none of people are going to win . " " None of people are going to beat [ Trump ] , " the     star continued . " You think things are bad now I tell you when things are going to be worse , if he wins again . " To be clear , Baldwin , who has spent months playing Donald Trump on Saturday Night Live , ruled out adding himself he the ballet : " We ’re not going to do that . " Asked if he he worried that his he memoir , titled Nevertheless , will caused controversy , Baldwin said " I ’m married , we have a wonderful family , that ’s all I care about . " Earlier this week , Baldwin Baldwin on Good Morning America to promote his Baldwin book , during which he Baldwin up about a 2007 voicemail to his Baldwin daughter Ireland . " It ’s thrown in your face every day , " Baldwin Baldwin of the voicemail , which was leaked to the media , and caught the actor calling his his     daughter Ireland " rude , thoughtless little pig . " " There are people who admonish me , or attack me , and use that as a constant spearhead to do that , " Baldwin Baldwin . " It ’s It scab that never heals because it ’s It picked at all the time by so many people . I think my daughter his     daughter Ireland ’s hurt her in a his     daughter Ireland way . " On Tuesday , producer Dana Brunetti   —    who worked with Baldwin Baldwin the 2006 independent film Mini ’s First Time   —    slammed the actor ’s claim in his biography that the actor did not the actor he was filming the actor scenes with an underage Nikki Reed .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 