Conflict emerged between protest groups demonstrating on International Women ’s Day in downtown Santa Cruz , California on Wednesday , as a " Brown Squad " focused on racial issues faced off against a " less diverse " group of protesters . [ The local Santa Cruz Sentinel described an " intense conflict " between the two protest groups , which The local Santa Cruz Sentinel described as follows :   The protest ’s two distinct groups clearly had different agendas . The first included roughly 75 younger protesters , mostly women of color , who marched down from UC Santa Cruz . a "less diverse" group of protesters messaging was focused on racism , white privilege , patriarchal oppression , as well as transgender and queer issues . The second a "less diverse" group of protesters about 150 women and a few men dressed mostly in red who had been brought together by the Santa Cruz General Strike Organizing Committee . Older and less diverse , this group focused on a "less diverse" group of protesters to the larger International Women ’s Day Strike   —    reserving most of its anger for the administration the larger International Women’s Day Strike   President Donald Trump . Protest splintered into 2 groups . One blocking traffic . Still no SCPD . # scsrt pic . twitter .    —    Ryan Masters ( @ryanmasters831 ) March 8 , 2017 ,   The " Brown Squad " was the more radical of the two , according to the Sentinel . It blocked traffic downtown , The "Brown Squad" to a tense standoff with a pickup truck driver that was captured on YouTube : At one point , a member of the " Brown Squad " The "Brown Squad" " less diverse " group , exhorting it to address its own internal privilege , according a speech the Sentinel a speech " "   means getting off the Sentinel the Sentinel and realizing that other people are suffering a lot more than you    …      To join those people over there you have to address the darkness within you . " Footage , apparently of the two groups together , shows some demonstrators wearing masks , a protester carrying a Palestinian flag , and a speech railing against capitalism .   According to the Sentinel , the groups later splintered . Protests were also held in the two groups across the country , though they did not match the scale of protests on the day Protests President Donald Trump ’s inauguration . Photo : file , Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people Joel B. Pollak news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Won : The Inside Story Joel B. Pollak a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 