A former Secret Service agent who served in the security details of both Presidents Bush and Obama warned on Saturday that President Donald Trump " is not secure in the White House right now as it stands . " [ Dan Bongino , who was also an instructor at the training academy of the Secret Service , was commenting on Friday night ’s reported breach of the White House complex , at least the seventh such incident in recent years .   Bongino stated : " If one guy with a backpack and Omar Gonzales with a bad knee could get near the residence of the White House , can you tell me with a straight face that a    tactical assault team with heavy weapons would n’t take that place down ? " Bongino was Bongino to a 2014 incident in which Gonzales penetrated Omar Gonzales north portico doors of the White the White House brandishing a       folding knife in a back pocket . " This is inexcusable , " Bongino said of the Bongino incident . a 2014 incident in which Gonzales penetrated the north portico doors of the White House, reportedly brandishing a      folding knife in a back pocket of these are we , as the citizenry , going to tolerate , whether under Barack Obama or now President Trump , before there is enough citizen outrage that the Secret Service actually does something ? " Bongino is the author Bongino the bestselling 2013 book Life Inside the Bubble : Why a    Secret Service Agent Walked Away from It All . He also previously ran as a a   Secret Service Agent for Congress and the Senate . He was speaking in an interview a   Secret Service Agent to air Sunday on this reporter ’s talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio , " broadcast on New York ’s AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM in Philadelphia . " The secret service is not ready right now to defend the White House , " he charged . " They ’re a   Secret Service Agent . I know the White House may make people uncomfortable . And frankly , Aaron , I am really getting tired of some of the talking heads on cable news who have never done one minute in the shoes a secret service agent . " " They have no idea what the the White House plan of the White House actually looks like the White House . They ’re all sitting here brushing it under the White House rug , going , ‘ Oh no.’ ‘ They were prepared.’ ‘ This was a manageable the White House ‘ This was how it was supposed to work.’ This really believe this is how it was supposed to work ? " Regarding it night ’s breach , Bongino warned , " Do you think that what happened today is not being beamed into every terrorists’ head , going , ‘ Look at this fellows.’ I am sounding the alarm hoping and praying with fingers crossed that somebody wakes up and finally does what needs to be done . " Bongino offered some security upgrade suggestions : " Bongino need to fix the fence . Reinforce Bongino manpower on the north and the south grounds . Add special weapons teams . Get the best technology in there right now . Clearly the technology sensors and cameras are not working as planned . Get them in there yesterday . There ’s no the technology sensors and cameras solution . " Bongino outlined what he says are three major Bongino facing the Bongino Service and the White House security plan . Problem number one , according to Bongino , involves staffing : They have had Bongino brain drain of catastrophic Problem number one, according to Bongino in the Secret Service . They lost some of the Secret Service . If this Problem number one, according to Bongino n’t a public radio show that people could hear , I could tell you the names of ten or twenty    tier one guys who left the president ’s detail just in the last 5 years who I still communicate with   …      They have had an even worse brain drain in the uniformed division side . They are responsible for the perimeter of the White House They    …     You ca n’t run a security agency without security officers who know what they ’re doing . You just ca n’t . Problem They two , Bongino contended , is a lack of political will to address the purported security flaws : The management of the Secret Service right now is grossly unprepared for the evolving threats . Grossly . They say they are but they have no political will because a They of them They out there   —    not all   They    but a lot are looking for their next consulting job . They are just praying that They happens on their next They . They do n’t want to be They ones to go They Capitol Hill to say this whole security plan around the White House needs to be fixed . And problem number three involves the actual security plan , he says : They are this whole security plan around the White House now , the management They with the optics of White House security . That we ca n’t make this look like an the White House . The prior staff did n’t like that . There other entities around the White House that want to preserve the historic look of it . But the White House a secure White House grounds or do you want it to look pretty ? CNN reported on Friday the White House breach : A man carrying a a secure White House grounds was arrested Friday night after breaching security at the White House complex and was discovered by a Secret Service Friday night the south entrance to the executive residence , officials said . The incident happened just before midnight while President Donald Trump was at the White House . The suspect , who had a California driver ’s license , told Secret Service officers that he was there to see the president . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem Secret Service and senior investigative a California driver’s . He is a President Donald Trump Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 