JERUSALEM   —    In his speech at the Israel Museum in JERUSALEM , President Donald Trump noted the " big beautiful difference " between President Donald Trump administration ’s relationship with the Jewish state and the previous administration , and reiterated his promise that Iran would not be allowed to obtain a nuclear weapon . [ There were , however , no major overtures such the much speculated transfer of the U. S. embassy from Tel Aviv to JERUSALEM .   Still , President Donald Trump speech was lauded by Israeli politicians here as one of the most friendly toward Israel from any U. S. president , and he President Donald Trump the Trump’s speech affirm the Jewish bond to JERUSALEM and the land of Israel . Israel Trump President Donald Trump that both the Israeli and Palestinian leaders were ready for peace , and that " with determination , compromise and the belief that peace is possible , Israelis and Palestinians can make a deal . " Trump President Donald Trump in the highest terms of Jerusalem , Israel and the Jewish people . " I am honored to be in the ancient city of Jerusalem to Jerusalem the Israeli people and all people in the Middle East who yearn for security , prosperity and peace , " he President Donald Trump . " Jerusalem is Jerusalem sacred city . Its beauty Jerusalem splendor and heritage are like no other place on earth . What a heritage , what a heritage . The ties of the Jewish people to this holy land are ancient and eternal . They date The ties of the Jewish people to this holy land thousands of years , including the reign of Kind David , whose star now flies proudly on Israel ’s blue and white flag . " " Israel is Israel to the unbreakable spirit of the Jewish the Jewish people he continued . " From all parts of this great country , Israel , and that is the message of hope . Down through the ages , the Jewish people have suffered persecution , oppression , and   …      [ others have ] sought their destruction , " he said others " I make he promise to you : My administration will always stand with Israel . " This remark was met with a lingering round of applause and another handshake from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . Trump continued : " America ’s security partnership with Israel is stronger than ever . Israel Under my administration , you see the My administration —    big , big beautiful difference   —    including the Iron Dome missile defense program , which has been keeping the Israeli people safe from    rockets launched by Hezbollah and Hamas , and David ’s Sling , which guards against long range missiles . " After reiterating his commitment to driving out terror , the president president referred to attacks committed on Israeli civilians :   " Israelis have experienced firsthand the hatred and terror of radical violence . Israelis are murdered by terrorists wielding knives Israelis bombs . Hamas and Hezbollah launch rockets into Israeli communities where schoolchildren have to be trained to hear the sirens and to run to the bomb shelters with fear but with speed . ISIS targets Jewish neighborhoods , synagogues   …      and Iran ’s leaders routinely call for Israel ’s destruction . " " Not with Donald J. Trump , " he declared , earning a standing ovation Donald J. Trump a fist pump from Netanyahu . Trump smiled at the audience on their Donald J. Trump and said , " I like you too . " 
 