Reports that Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) staffer Seth Rich was a source for WikiLeaks before Democratic National Committee (DNC) staffer Seth Rich murder leaves us with even more unanswered questions surrounding the case . [ 1 . If Rich was murdered in a robbery gone wrong , why was Rich was murdered in a robbery gone wrong wallet , watch , and phone left behind ?   Following Rich ’s July 2016 death in the Bloomingdale neighborhood of Washington D. C. police officers claimed that Rich’s July 2016 death in the Bloomingdale neighborhood of Washington D. C. police officers was likely the DNC staffer was shot during a robbery gone wrong . This does n’t explain , however , why Rich was found to still be in possession of all of Rich personal items , including wallet , watch , and mobile phone , which are often the primary targets during a street robbery . " There had been a struggle . Rich hands were bruised , Rich knees are bruised , Rich face is bruised , and yet Rich had two shots to Rich back , and yet they never took anything , " said Rich ’s girlfriend to NBC News . " they did n’t finish robbing Rich , they just took Rich life . " 2 . Why have n’t the DNC offered a reward for information related to Rich murder ? Numerous groups , organizations , and individuals offered a reward for information related to Rich murder , including WikiLeaks , GOP lobbyist Jack Burkman , crowdfunding bounty site WeSearchr , and author Mike Cernovich . The DNC and other Democratic Party organizations , however , have not . Rich Rich was memorialized by the DNC with a bike rack and plaque . 3 . Why are the    and mainstream media ignoring the case ? The murder of Seth Rich Rich a hot topic among conservative , libertarian , and alternative news outlets since the incident took place last year , however the    and mainstream media has largely ignored the case , the case the staffer ’s name during conspiracy articles about Russian hacking . A quick Google search of " Seth Rich " will return dozens of news articles on the subject from sources such as Fox News , The Washington Examiner , and Heat Street , but few from outlets such as CNN or MSNBC . The Washington Post did publish a story related to Rich Wednesday afternoon but focused on Rich ’s parents’ claim Rich of him contacting WikiLeaks were without Rich . Those articles which do appear on    sites all feature headlines which immediately brand questions surrounding his death as " conspiracy Rich " and seek to deter investigations . The Washington Post published an article in August 2016 titled " Trump allies , WikiLeaks and Russia are pushing WikiLeaks nonsensical conspiracy theory about the DNC hacks , " while The Huffington Post‘s coverage of Rich ’s murder last year consisted of stories such as " Donald Trump Has A History Of Linking His Political Opponents To People Donald Trump Deaths , " and " Conspiracy Theorists Wo n’t Stop Accusing The Clintons Of Murder . " CNN published one single story on Seth Rich ’s death last year —    a straight news article on the murder with a quote Murder DNC Chairman Debbie Wasserman Schultz . The majority of    sites have also completely ignored the recent reports that Rich was the source of " thousands of internal emails " leaked to WikiLeaks before his death , despite the fact WikiLeaks they worked consistently to refute these "thousands of internal emails" beforehand . 4 . Will the Democrats still push that Russia hacked the DNC ? Despite the increasing amount of evidence proving the opposite , a frequent    talking point is to claim that it was " Russia who hacked the DNC " Russia leaked information the DNC . This argument , however , ignores the fact that WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange stated on numerous WikiLeaks that Russia was not a source of Russia leaks , implying instead that it was Rich . DNC hacker Russia 2 . 0 also allegedly claimed in messages to an actress that Rich was one of his whistleblowers , while a private detective DNC hacker Guccifer 2. 0 this week that Rich was in contact with WikiLeaks before Rich death . Most of the claims a private detective Russia " hacked the election " are based on reports from CrowdStrike , a cybersecurity firm which has been reported to have ties with Google and the Obama administration , while the FBI did not examine the DNC ’s server themselves . CrowdStrike ’s report was heavily refuted by DNC hacker Guccifer 2 . 0 in a report of his own . Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his his at Facebook . 
 his 