A United Airlines pilot was removed from a plane before a flight from Austin to San Francisco Saturday evening after going on a rant over the intercom system . [ The pilot , who showed up late to a flight from Austin to San Francisco wearing " street clothes , " spoke to passengers " over the intercom about A United Airlines pilot divorce and the presidential election , " the Daily Mail reported .   " Sorry I ’m late , the reason I ’m late is I ’m going through a divorce , " A United Airlines pilot said . Some of the pilot ’s comments made passengers feel uncomfortable , " causing them passengers question A United Airlines pilot ability to fly the plane . " Passenger Randy Reiss said the the pilot’s friendly at first , " but things took an awkward turn when A United Airlines pilot pointed out an interracial couple sitting in first class . " " It quickly turned from playful to scary , " Reiss told Passenger Randy Reiss News . Passengers said the pilot the pilot’s she was going the pilot’s be on Oprah and then commented on the 2016 presidential election . " Look , I do n’t care if you voted for Trump or Clinton , they ’re both Passengers , " she said . the pilot’s also said the pilot’s would let the pilot’s    fly the pilot’s plane because he is a the pilot’s , and she told passengers the pilot’s could disembark the plane if the plane n’t feel they . " So I ’ll stop , and we ’ll fly the plane . Do the plane . I ’m going to let my    fly it . He ’s a the plane , " she laughed . the pilot’s Okay , if you do n’t feel safe , then get off the airplane . But otherwise , we can go . " Reiss left the plane after her outburst the plane on Twitter that half the passengers on the plane followed suit . United the plane Charlie Hobart said the pilot was removed from the flight and a new pilot and crew took her place . United Flight 455 was United Airlines spokesman Charlie Hobart for more than two hours before the plane took off from Austin . the plane removed her from the flight , ( and ) United Airlines spokesman Charlie Hobart ’re United Flight 455 discuss this matter with her We " Hobart said , according to United Airlines spokesman Charlie Hobart    Statesman Charlie Hobart " We were looking out for our customers to get We to where they needed We be . " our customers our customers 