Next weekend , President Donald Trump will complete President Donald Trump first 100 days in the White House , a benchmark for presidential performance ever since Franklin Delano Roosevelt took office in the depths of the Great Depression . [ Though there are several days left before the    mark , it is already possible to evaluate President Donald Trump performance , and to compare him to President Donald Trump predecessors President Donald Trump   As I will argue in this column next week   —    with much news still to come before then   —    President Trump President Donald Trump a remarkably active first 100 days . His major achievements President Donald Trump been in foreign policy and national security , where he has restored President Donald Trump ’s military deterrent and reversed its international decline America’s military deterrent He also appointed President Donald Trump Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court , signed over a dozen laws repealing existing federal regulations , drastically reduced illegal immigration , and renewed economic confidence . In the face of unprecedented media opposition and Democratic " resistance , " Trump has endured some setbacks , notably the failure of the American Health Care Act , which was to have replaced Obamacare . But that effort will be revisited , along with tax reform , in the coming weeks . Absent major shocks , Trump has ample Trump to grow . The media disagree . CNN , among others , is declaring him a failure Trump claiming he has a Trump short list of accomplishments . " Some historical context is in order . President Barack Obama did little of consequence in his first 100 President Barack Obama , aside from the    $ 862 billion stimulus and a failed executive order to close the prison at Guantánamo Bay . Yet the mainstream media The media their praise , with Jonathan The media of Newsweek trumpeting the White House line : " Barack Obama has put more President Barack Obama the board than any president since Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1933 . " Only Lyndon Johnson did more , he claimed . The media are Only Lyndon Johnson biased The media Democratic presidents in this way , not only because of their political preference for Democrats , but Democratic presidents because of their ideological predilection for the idea of Democratic presidents " doing " something   —    putting " points on the board , " in Alter ’s words , even if those " points " turn out to be useless or harmful . As such , Trump will never be given the same credit for repealing regulations that Obama was given for introducing them , for example . Until Trump , only Johnson and Ronald Reagan Trump considered effective in their first 100 days . As scholar only Johnson and Ronald Reagan Lasser wrote in 2001 , anticipating an embattled presidency for George W. Bush after the grueling Florida recount : Few of Roosevelt ’s successors have been even moderately successful during their early days in office , at Few of Roosevelt’s successors in terms of legislative accomplishments . Harry Truman , who took office after Roosevelt ’s death in April 1945 , Roosevelt first four months in office presiding over Roosevelt last days of World War    a time to work with Congress on new legislation . Dwight D. Eisenhower initially focused on his campaign promise to end the war in Dwight D. Eisenhower , and , despite having a    Congress , expended little effort on legislative matters . John Kennedy likewise focused on foreign policy , and had little real success on the domestic side . Nor were Richard Nixon , Gerald Ford , Jimmy Carter , George [ H. W. ] Bush , or Bill Clinton spectacularly successful in their first few months in office . Inexperience George [H. W.] Bush, or Bill Clinton disarray have also made several past presidents susceptible to rookie mistakes during the first 100 days . Jack Kennedy authorized the disastrous Bay of Pigs invasion of Cuba , for example , in April 1961 . Bill Clinton ’s early mistakes doomed his health Bill Clinton , while Jimmy Carter ’s Bill Clinton greatly damaged his relationship with Congress and the federal bureaucracy . Bill Clinton exceptions to the rule of ineffectiveness might be Lyndon Johnson and Ronald Reagan . Johnson capitalized on his own legislative experience and the Lyndon Johnson trauma following Lyndon Johnson assassination of Jack Kennedy to push through the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and a major antipoverty measure . Then he built on his landslide reelection victory in November Lyndon Johnson to win Lyndon Johnson of the Voting Rights Act , Medicare , and a massive increase in federal aid to education . Reagan , who took office amidst high unemployment and high inflation and after a    hostage crisis in Iran , likewise acted quickly in 1981 to win congressional victories on tax and spending cuts ( along with increases in military expenditures ) . Trump has not passed major legislation in his first 100 days   —    but neither Trump Obama . Obamacare and    would not be passed until 2010 . Arguably , the most important thing that happened in Obama ’s first 100 days was that the stock Obama hit rock bottom . Shortly after Obama ’s first 100 days , the Federal Reserve Obama optimistic results from its " stress tests " of U. S. banks the Federal Reserve which helped the economic recovery   —    though it was the slowest since WWII . Trump ’s first 100 days have been far more consequential . His approval ratings are low by historical standards   Trump    thanks largely to hostile media   —    and he may yet struggle to pass his legislative agenda Trump Like Obama , Trump has Trump his opponents . His own supporters Trump he will Trump from his Trump . And Congress Trump unexpectedly ) and Trump courts ( predictably ) have frustrated him . Yet measured against his predecessors , Trump Trump first 100 days place Trump in league Trump Reagan and Johnson , for Trump impact . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential Joel B. Pollak people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Won : The Joel B. Pollak Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 