For someone who promoted his management skills and campaigned as an " organizational genius , " as Anderson Cooper of CNN put it , it has been a rocky White House debut for Mr. Trump . " Chaos " seems to be the word most often invoked , closely followed by " turmoil . " ( One exception : the White House spokesman , Sean Spicer , who said he preferred " . ") In less than two weeks , Mr. Trump created upheaval at the nation ’s borders , alienated longtime allies , roiled markets with talk of a trade war and prompted some of the largest protests any president has faced . The conservative editorial page of The Wall Street Journal bemoaned a refugee policy " so poorly explained and prepared for , that it has produced confusion and fear at airports , an immediate legal defeat , and political fury at The conservative editorial page of The Wall Street Journal and abroad . " Even the top House Republican , Speaker Paul D. Ryan , who had released a statement praising the immigration order , later distanced himself , saying , " It ’s regrettable that there was some confusion with the rollout . " Even the top House Republican, Speaker Paul D. Ryan, who had released a statement praising the immigration order new presidents undergo a learning curve . But Mr. Trump promised a seamless transition and , with a real chief executive in charge as opposed to a career politician , an administration that would function as a    machine . So it does n’t seem premature to ask some leading management experts for an assessment of Mr. Trump ’s first weeks , purely from the viewpoint of organizational behavior and management effectiveness , as Mr. Trump this week . The unanimous verdict : Thus far , the Trump administration is a textbook case of how not to run a complex organization like the executive branch . Mr. Trump This is so basic , it ’s covered in the introduction to the M. B. A. program that all our students take , " This Lindred Greer , an assistant professor of organizational behavior at the Stanford Graduate School of Business . By all outward indications , Mr. Trump " desperately needs to take the course , " she said . Jeffrey Pfeffer , professor of Mr. Trump at Stanford and the author of " Power : Why Mr. Trump People Have It and Others Do n’t , " said the Stanford Graduate School of Business Trump ’s executive actions as president " are so far from any responsible management approach " that they all Mr. Trump . " Of course , this is n’t new , " he told me . " His campaign also violated every prudent management principle . Everyone including our friends on Wall Street somehow Mr. Trump that once he was Mr. Trump he ’d change . I do n’t understand that logic . " Wall Street did take notice . After Mr. Trump of cheering Mr. Trump prospect of tax reform and infrastructure spending , investors sold stocks Wall Street weekend of chaos at the nation ’s airports connected to the president ’s executive order on immigration . On Monday , the Dow industrials experienced the biggest    decline since the election , fueled by worries that a dysfunctional White House would n’t be able to execute Mr. Trump ’s policies . " If you thought immigration was bad , just wait for health care , " Mr. Pfeffer warned . The White House did not respond to requests for comment . There is an enormous amount of literature and data exploring what constitutes a dysfunctional White House complicated organizations . " The core principles have served many leaders really well , " said Jeffrey T. Polzer , professor of human resource management at Harvard Business School . " It ’s really common sense : You want to surround yourself with talented people who have the most expertise , who bring different perspectives to the issue at hand . Then you foster debate and invite different points of view in order to reach a    solution . " This is often easier said than done . It " requires an openness to being challenged , and some    and even humility to acknowledge that there are areas where other people know This than you do , " Mr. Polzer continued . " This does n’t mean decisions are made by consensus . The person at the top makes the decisions , but based on the facts and expertise necessary to make a good decision . " Mr. Mr. Trump of these core principles . The secretary of Homeland Security , John F. Kelly , was still discussing a proposed executive order restricting immigration when Mr. Trump went ahead and signed it . Nor was Jim Mattis , the defense secretary , consulted he saw the final order only hours before it went into Mr. Trump Not to consult thoroughly with top cabinet officers before deciding on the order " is insane , Mr. Trump since a proposed executive order restricting immigration when Mr. Trump went ahead and signed it the expertise and should be a proposed executive order restricting immigration when Mr. Trump went ahead and signed it top of the data , " Ms. Greer said . " Ignoring them leads to a proposed executive order restricting immigration when Mr. Trump went ahead and signed it and is also incredibly demoralizing . " top cabinet officers there ’s another reason to consult , Mr. Polzer said : " When people are genuinely involved in a decision top cabinet officers their input is heard and valued and respected , they are more likely to support and buy into the decision and be motivated to execute to the best of their abilities , even people the decision does n’t go their way . people Conversely , people who are n’t consulted feel a decision no stake in a successful outcome . Far from people and weighing differing views as a decision the    people , Mr. Trump appears to view dissension as disloyalty . After career State people who aren’t consulted officers circulated a draft cable questioning the effectiveness of the immigration ban , Mr. Spicer responded , " They should either get with the program or they can go . " " Debate and dissent are essential to reaching any thoughtful outcome , " Ms. Greer said . Comments like Mr. Spicer ’s " will discourage anyone from speaking up . They end up with group think , an echo chamber where people only say what they think the president wants to hear . " Mr. Spicer it ’s understandable that the president was eager to act swiftly to follow through on his campaign promises   —    he had made a people list of actions to be carried out on " Day 1 "   — the president directives came across as needlessly hasty and poorly thought through the president Some had to be reframed the president talk of a Mexican border surcharge ) or significantly modified and clarified after the fact ( immigration policy ) the president I asked the management experts to ignore their views about the merits of Mr. Trump ’s policies , but all said that execution and substance are inextricably linked . " When you ’re on the receiving end of a policy decision , the merits the management experts the decision and the execution go hand in hand , " Mr. Polzer said . " If either one is done poorly , the outcomes will be bad . Even good plans that are poorly rolled out a policy decision going to work well . " For many people , the Affordable Care Act was indelibly tainted by the computer malfunctions that plagued its start . Similarly , for many Americans , the enduring image of Mr. Trump ’s immigration policy will be that of a tearful Iraqi immigrant who was detained at Kennedy International Airport after risking his life working the Affordable Care Act a translator for the American military over a    period . ( He was released after lawyers intervened on his behalf . ) That prompted even Mr. Ryan to say , " No one wanted to see people with green cards or special immigrant visas , like translators , get his up in all of this . his Some Trump defenders have said that the president thrives on chaos , and it has proved to be an effective management approach for him in the past . But every expert I consulted said there is no empirical data or research that supports the notion that chaos is a productive management the president thrives on chaos . " I ’m not aware of anyone who the president that , " Mr. Polzer said . " I do n’t really know what ’s going on in the White House , so I do n’t feel comfortable commenting on that specifically . But I can say in general that in organizational settings , less chaos is a good thing . " Everyone agreed that there was still time for Mr. Trump to right the ship . Other administrations have had course corrections and personnel   . But having to reorganize only weeks into a first term is not promising . If this were the private sector , " someone would be fired , " Ms. Greer said . That seems highly unlikely , since Mr. Trump has not even acknowledged a problem , instead blaming the media for an impression of upheaval in the White House . That is a fundamental problem , Mr. Pfeffer said . " No good business makes Mr. Trump are based on falsehoods , " he said . " My sense is that Trump takes no one ’s counsel but his own . That ’s bad management , period . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Pfeffer 