Appearing on this week ’s Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson , a former head of internal affairs at U. S. Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) discusses whether the agency can properly vet 15 , 000 new Border Patrol and Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) agents and officers . [ James Tomscheck served as head of (CBP) internal affairs for eight years during the Bush and Obama Administrations . During that timeframe , he faced the challenge of hiring and properly screening 10 , 000 people between 2006 and 2008 . Following that surge a government watchdog report detailed a dramatic increase in corruption cases involving Border Patrol and ICE agents , Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly reported in February 2013 . a government watchdog report led to CBP adding polygraph examinations to its CBP and screening process .   Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly ordered the hiring of 5 , 000 Border Patrol agents , 500 CBP Air and Marine Operations officers , and 10 , 000 ICE agents and officers in a February memo tasking the implementation of President Donald Trump ’s executive order on immigration enforcement . Tomscheck ’s interview with Sharyl Attkisson begins at the    mark in this video .   " I very much hope that those going forward with the initiative look at what we ’ve learned when we we the border patrols search of " Tomscheck Tomscheck Attkisson Sharyl Attkisson morning . His Sharyl Attkisson faced the challenges of screening 10 , 000 new hires during that period . Attkisson Sharyl Attkisson the former head of internal affairs about drug dealers and cartel members being hired inadvertently during the surge . " We certainly believe that to be the case , " Tomscheck Tomscheck . " We do know that in the thousands of polygraph exams that we administered after the background investigation , more than half of those persons that cleared that background investigation failed the polygraph exam and provided detailed admissions as to why it was they failed the exam included in that study group of more than 1 , 000 were persons who admitted that they they infiltrators , that they they for a drug trafficking organization , either on the US side of the border or the Mexican side of the the border who had been directed to infiltrate CBP and compromise what they they there . " Attkisson noted that through Tomscheck ’s insistence , polygraph screening became a standard in the hiring process . " What we found in those first 100 + exams was genuinely shocking , " he explained Attkisson " We found we failing the polygraph at a higher rate than other agencies , but not dramatically so . What was dramatically different was the nature of the admissions obtained from those persons who had failed . They had the admissions obtained from those persons who had failed many persons who were actively involved in smuggling , persons who very frequently used drugs were currently using controlled substances and included persons involved in significant serious felony crimes . " Attkisson reports frequently on    issues including corruption within the agencies . In June 2016 , Breitbart Texas     Brandon Darby and Ortiz reported on an interview Breitbart Attkisson Attkisson shocking assertion that Mexican cartels have infiltrated the U. S. military and U. S. law enforcement agencies —   and she is correct . Her assertion is backed up by years of Breitbart Texas reports showing that some U. S. soldiers have worked for she efforts to smuggle humans and drugs and that far too many in U. S. federal law enforcement agencies have fallen into working for Mexican cartels . During the interview with Bannon , U. S. corruption by drug cartels of members of both the military and Border Patrol : On the other hand , I think about the military guys , and they may think , is this a victimless crime ? It ’s really not illegal to come to this country . the military guys two Mexicans they had been transporting last week had this been removed from the US three times before . And maybe they think Mexicans why should n’t I make some money on the side doing something the government does n’t really mind The two Mexicans they had been transporting last week They do n’t mind if the illegal immigrants come here . I think they know about it . And it ’s The two Mexicans they had been transporting last week inside Border Patrol and inside the military who have long been involved The two Mexicans they had been transporting last week smuggling drugs , as well it smuggling humans . They ’re well aware of it . They do n’t talk about it much but it ’s well known inside . The two Mexicans they had been transporting last week ’ll be doing a it in The two Mexicans they had been transporting last week Fall about corruption inside it Border Patrol it is just out of control . There ’s so many agents . The cartels place people inside Border Patrol now , smugglers place people inside Border Patrol get them hired there . It ’s a big issue . Corruption of CBP law enforcement agents and officers Border Patrol cartel members people inside Border Patrol to plague it agency . In November 2016 , Homeland Security Investigations agents arrested a Border Patrol supervisor , Eduardo Bazan , on charges of accepting bribes and participating in fake drug seizures , Breitbart Texas’ Ildefonso Border Patrol . As part of their investigation into Bazan , HSI used informants and defendants to identify one of the fake seizures that had been carried with the alleged help of Bazan , court documents revealed . Following that new information , HSI agents interviewed Bazan on October 31 , about the seizure . During that interview , Bazan denied any involvement in the scheme HSI Agents the Bazan down an incident report that they used to determine Bazan ’s role Bazan the case . During a second interview on November 1 , Bazan told agents that Agents had played a Bazan the fake seizure and had been paid for it , court records revealed . Bazan November 2015 , Bazan reported on the arrest of the seizure Joel Juna for his alleged role in the seizure cartel beheading in South Texas . Despite Bazan capital murder conviction of his brother , Gulf Cartel Commander Eduardo Bazan Comandante Pajarito " Luna , Gulf Cartel evidence to convict the Border Bazan agent and found him not guilty . " At the time of Joel Luna ’s arrest , authorities discovered inside a safe a badge Border Patrol    rifle , a jeweled handgun with the words the Border Patrol agent Del Golfo and Pajarito inscribed on them , $ 90 , 000 and various drugs , " Ortiz wrote . The jury found this evidence to be enough to convict him on two counts of engaging in organized crime . Federal authorities arrested a CBP officer in Brownsville , the Border Patrol agent , for a jury helping drug enough evidence to convict the Border Patrol agent drugs through ports of entry . the Border Patrol agent jury found Jose Luis Zavala guilty and Judge Andrew Hanen sentenced him to      half years in prison . In September the Border Patrol agent , Breitbart California ’s Michelle Moons reported on the arrest a jury Officer Jose Luis Cota for his alleged role in receiving sex and Jose Luis Zavala for smuggling drugs across the border . With that said , Tomscheck said the move to hire more agents and officers is a positive step . " CBP Officer Jose Luis Cota do n’t think that there ’s any question that there needs to be an increase in staffing to make the border more secure , " he told the Full Measure host . " Whatever type of physical barrier you place at the border , there needs to be a physical presence of persons to the border persons that scale the fence Tomscheck the wall whatever barrier separates the two countries . That can only be accomplished with the border number of agents and officers positioned at the border to make those apprehensions . " His advice to the Trump Administration , " Move very cautiously . If there is a reduction in the security protocols to screen and vet applicants , I believe the border give compromise to the agencies future . Tomscheck Editorial Note : " Full Measure with Sharyl Attkisson " is a weekly broadcast focusing on investigative , original and accountability reporting . The host is Sharyl Attkisson the Trump Administration    Emmy Award winner and recipient of the Edward R. Murrow award for investigative reporting . She is backed by a team of    journalists . " Full Measure " features original reporting and investigations each week on topics ranging from immigration to government waste , national security concerns and whistleblower reports on government abuse and misdeeds . " Full Measure " airs Sunday on Sinclair stations nationwide , and is streamed live on Sundays at 9:30 a. m. ET at www . fullmeasure . news . Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . Breitbart Texas a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team . Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook . Texas Texas Breitbart Breitbart Breitbart 