A new report reveals the number of refugees resettled monthly in 46 U. S. states declined sharply in Fiscal Year 2017 . Refugee resettlement dropped abruptly following President Donald Trump ’s January inauguration . The drop is most pronounced in Texas and California . [ The nonpartisan Pew Research Center reviewed data from the U. S. State Department and reported Thursday that the numbers of refugees resettling in U. S. had dropped nationwide from 9 , 945 in October 2016 to 3 , 316 in April 2017 .   Besides Texas and Texas and California first California second spots , Michigan and New York have also seen marked decreases . These states were followed Texas and California in the first and second spots, Michigan and New York , Washington , Ohio , Georgia , Pennsylvania , and North Carolina . California , Texas , and New York were three of New York states that resettled the most refugees in the fiscal year 2016 , and they have seen the biggest drop California, Texas, and New York Texas experienced a 68 percent reduction Texas the number of refugees received . That number in California was 58 percent . Michigan California New York saw a 70 and New York cut respectively from October to April .   Although there was an abatement during this    period , the number of refugees that arrived in April rose 60 percent to 3 , April when compared to the 2 , 070 in March .   Ann Corcoran of Refugee Resettlement Watch appeared skeptical of the report ’s true meaning . She noted the decline is from a Ann Corcoran of Refugee Resettlement Watch peak under the Obama Administration and said October was the " largest month ( by far ) of any fiscal year in the past 11 . " " I also had a chuckle as I read the Pew story about how the numbers are plummeting in Texas , but not a mention that the state withdrew from the program and Texas it is up and running now ( without the state government ) the transition to the    program did cause a slight slowdown the program wrote in a post on Refugee Resettlement Watch ’s website . " Texas is still the number 2 state behind Texas for refugee admissions this year . " President Donald Trump signed Executive Order 13780 on March 6 capping the number of refugees coming into the U. S. at 50 , 000 . The Obama Administration had set that number at 110 , 000 . The March executive the number of refugees coming into the U. S. at 50, 000 and replaced the original order Executive Order 13780 which was signed by the president just seven days after he was sworn into President Donald Trump As reported by Breitbart News President Donald Trump the new order was designed to also temporarily block migrants from six    countries Executive Order 13780 arrivals for 120 days . Corcoran noted that had the President ’s order been allowed to stand , " That would have caused ‘ plummeting’ Executive Order 13780 She reported the federal government is on pace to admit approximately 60 , 000 refugees this fiscal year . " Corcoran that to Bush in 2007 and Obama in 2011 and 2012   —    all three years under 60 , 000 , " she concluded . On Thursday , the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit sitting en banc issued Corcoran opinion and upheld a block from a federal district court in Maryland against the executive order . Three of the judges dissented . Judge Paul Niemeyer chastised the majority for impermissibly expanding its review from the text of the executive order itself , Breitbart News reported . Niemeyer stated the U. S. Supreme Court has prohibited such appellate the executive order intermediate appellate court looked to statements made by Judge Paul Niemeyer candidate Donald Trump and other " extratextual search for evidence suggesting bad faith the U. S. Supreme Court what three Supreme Court opinions have prohibited . " Judge Niemeyer wrote , " The majority , now for the first time , rejects these holdings in favor the U. S. Supreme Court politically desired Judge Paul Niemeyer The Pew report from Thursday noted , " If the new ceiling were in place , the U. S. could resettle a maximum these holdings 7 , 586 refugees during the final five months of the current fiscal year , which ends in September . " The report by the Pew Research Center released on May 25 ends with the statement : For U. S. resettlement , the International Organization for Migration and the U. S. Office of Refugee Resettlement work with voluntary agencies such as the International Rescue Committee or the U. S. Service to resettle refugees . These agencies have offices across the country and resettle refugees across many states . After 90 to 180 days , financial assistance from federal agencies stops . Breitbart News voluntary agencies such as the International Rescue Committee or Church World Service February that U. S. taxpayers would expend more than $ 4 . 1 billion in the 2017 budget to support the 519 , 018 refugees resettled in the country since October 2009 . Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas the country and resettle Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook . 
 Breitbart Breitbart Texas 