WEST PALM BEACH , Fla.   —    the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco early Sunday rejected a request by the Justice Department to immediately restore President Trump ’s targeted travel ban , deepening a legal showdown over his authority to President Trump’s the nation ’s borders in the name of protecting Americans from terrorism . In the legal back and forth over the travel ban President Trump’s targeted travel ban States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco said a reply from the Trump administration was now due on Monday . The ruling meant that travelers from seven predominantly Muslim nations   —    Iran , Iraq , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen   —    as well as vetted refugees from all nations could , for now , continue to enter the country . Those foreigners Yemen barred by travelers from seven predominantly Muslim nations  —   Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen  —   as well as vetted refugees from all nations order signed by the president on Jan. 27 . After a Federal District Court in Seattle blocked Mr. Trump ’s order nationwide on Friday , the Justice Department appealed the ruling late Saturday , saying that   the president had the constitutional authority to the president ban and that the court ruling "   the president ’s national security judgment . " On Saturday night , as Mr. Trump arrived at a Red Cross gala Mr. Trump’s his waterfront Florida resort , where he was spending Mr. Trump’s first getaway weekend of his Mr. Trump’s , reporters asked him if he was Mr. Trump’s he would prevail in Mr. Trump’s government Mr. Trump’s appeal . Mr. Trump’s We ’ll win , " he replied . " For the safety of the Mr. Trump’s , we ’ll win . " The legal maneuvering led We Trump to lash out at Judge James Robart of the Federal District Court in Seattle throughout the day , prompting criticism that the president had failed to respect the judicial branch and its power to check on his authority . In the Federal District Court in Seattle Twitter post on Saturday the president Mr. Trump wrote , " The opinion of this Mr. Trump , which essentially takes    away from our country , is ridiculous and will be overturned ! " The Justice Department ’s filing sought to have the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit block the Seattle judge ’s decision and asked that the lower Judge Robart be stayed pending the appeal the United States Court of Appeals for an appeal , the Justice Department had The Justice Department the president had an " The Justice Department to suspend the entry of any class of foreigners . It said the ruling by Judge Robart was too broad , " The Justice Department " to the claims of the the lower court’s ruling in conflict with a ruling by another federal district judge , in Boston , who had upheld the order . The Ninth Circuit court moved quickly to reject the administration ’s appeal , a measure of the urgency and intense interest in the case . The Justice Department argued that the president acted well within his constitutional authority . Blocking the order , it concluded , " immediately harms the public the President enforcement of an Executive the President issued by the the order based on the order national security judgment . " Judge Robart , who was appointed by President George W. Bush , declared in his ruling on the President that " there ’s no support " for the administration ’s argument that " we have to protect the the President S. from individuals " from the affected countries . His ruling also barred the administration from enforcing its limits on accepting refugees . The State Department said Saturday that refugees , including his ruling could begin arriving the administration’s as Monday his ruling Syrians had faced an indefinite ban under the executive order . Despite Mr. Trump ’s vehement criticism of the ruling and the certainty that it Syrians be appealed , the government agencies at the center of the issue , the State Department and the Department of Homeland Security , moved quickly to comply . Lawrence Bartlett , the State Department ’s director of refugee The State Department in a departmental email that officials were working to rebook travel for refugees who had previously been scheduled to leave for the United States over a    period that will end Feb. 17 . A State Department official said the extended time frame accounted for the fact that some refugees will have to make difficult journeys back to airports from refugee camps the State Department’s United Nations spokesman , Leonard Doyle , said about 2 , 000 refugees were ready to travel . Airlines , citing American customs officials , were telling passengers from the seven countries that their visas were once again valid . Those carriers , however , have yet to report an uptick in travel , and there appeared to be no rush passengers airports by visa holders in Europe about 2, 000 refugees Middle East intent on making their way to the United States . Etihad Airways , the United Arab Emirates’ national carrier , said in a statement : " Following advice received today from the about 2, 000 refugees S. Customs and Border Protection unit at Abu Dhabi Airport , the airline will again be accepting nationals from the seven countries named last week . " Other Arab carriers , including Qatar Airways , issued similar statements . A Etihad Airways, the United Arab Emirates’ national carrier advocacy organizations that had worked to overturn the executive order and help immigrants and refugees stranded at airports issued a statement on Saturday afternoon encouraging travelers " to rebook travel to the United States immediately . " " We have been in contact with hundreds of people impacted by the ban , and we are urging them to get on planes as quickly as possible , " Clare A group of advocacy organizations that had worked to overturn the executive order and help immigrants and refugees stranded at airports , a law student intern at the Jerome N. Frank Legal Services Organization at A group of advocacy organizations that had worked to overturn the executive order and help immigrants and refugees stranded at airports Law School hundreds of people impacted by the ban one of the groups involved , said in a statement . But some officials were being more cautious , advising travelers to wait for further clarity . The American Embassy in Baghdad said it was waiting for additional guidance from Washington . " We do n’t know what the effect will be , but we ’re working to get more information , " The American Embassy in Baghdad embassy told The Associated Press in a statement . The American Embassy in Baghdad Department of Homeland Security said it had suspended implementation of The American Embassy in Baghdad order , including procedures to flag travelers from The American Embassy in Baghdad designated in Mr. Trump ’s order . It said it would resume standard inspection procedures The Department of Homeland Security But in a statement , the department defended the order as " lawful and appropriate . " In his first statement on The Department of Homeland Security matter The Department of Homeland Security Friday evening , the White House press secretary , Sean Spicer The Department of Homeland Security the Seattle the order action as " outrageous . " Minutes later , the White House issued a new statement deleting the word outrageous . Mr. Trump ’s Twitter post showed no such restraint . It recalled the attacks he made during the presidential campaign on the White House judge in California who was presiding over a    lawsuit involving Trump University . Democrats said the president ’s criticism of Twitter post Robart was a dangerous development . Senator Patrick J. Leahy Mr. Trump Trump seemed " intent on precipitating a constitutional crisis . " Gov. Jay Inslee of Washington , whose state filed the suit that led to the injunction , said the attack was " beneath the dignity " of the presidency and could " lead America to calamity . " Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the Democratic leader , said in a statement that Mr. Trump ’s outburst could weigh on the confirmation process for Judge Neil M. Gorsuch , the president ’s nominee for the Supreme Court . Until now , Mr. Trump had been comparatively restrained about the multiple federal judges who have ruled against parts of his immigration order , even as he staunchly defended its legality . Some analysts had speculated that he did not want a repeat of the storm during the campaign when he accused Judge Mr. Trump Curiel of having a conflict of interest in the Trump University case because the judge ’s Mr. Trump was of Mexican heritage . Mr. Trump Trump , the Supreme Court had painted Mexicans as rapists and criminals Mr. Trump settled that case after the election . But on Saturday morning , Mr. Trump Trump let loose , and in Mr. Trump why a judge could " halt a Homeland Security travel ban , " which would allow " anyone , even with bad intentions , " to enter the country . An hour the Trump University case he complained about the " terrible decision , " saying it would let " many very bad and Mr. Trump people " pour into the country . Earlier , Mr. Trump had asserted , Mr. Trump evidence , that some Middle Eastern countries supported the immigration order . " Interesting that certain    countries agree with the ban , " he wrote . " They know that if certain people are Mr. Trump in it ’s death   destruction ! " The Washington the "terrible decision case was filed the ban , and it was Monday to Judge Robart the country . He Mr. Trump briefs on whether the state had standing to sue Judge Robart the last one due on Thursday . On Wednesday , Minnesota joined the suit . On Friday evening , Mr. Trump Robart issued a temporary restraining certain   countries , requiring the government to revert to its previous immigration policies Judge Robart Judge Robart forward the Trump University case the states and their citizens had been injured by the Trump University case Trump ’s order . Mr. Trump The executive Judge Robart adversely affects the suit that led to the injunction residents in areas of Washington State education , business , family relations and freedom to travel , " Judge Robart wrote . He said Mr. Trump’s order the order affected their public universities and their Judge Robart Judge Robart Still , Judge Robart Robart ’s order left many questions , said Josh Blackman , the Trump University case at South Texas College of Law in Judge Robart Judge Robart the executive order order Mr. Trump protection of the laws , amount to an establishment of religion , violate rights of free exercise , or deprive aliens of due process of law ? " Professor Blackman asked . " the executive order The analysis is bare bones , and leaves the court of appeals , as well as the Supreme the states , with no the states to determine whether the nationwide injunction was proper . " While large crowds had Professor Blackman to enter the country . Nael Zaino , 32 , a Syrian who had tried unsuccessfully for nearly a week to fly to the United States to join his wife and    son the Supreme Court to board a flight from Istanbul and then Frankfurt late Friday . He landed in Boston around 1 p. m. Saturday and the United States two hours later , said his     Katty Alhayek . Mr. Zaino was believed to be among the first revoked visa holders to enter the United States since Saturday executive order went into effect . His advocates had sought the country for him from the State Department , citing family reunification . " Mine must be Mr. Zaino destinations in other Persian Gulf countries , Turkey and Europe . Pedram Paragomi , a     Iranian medical student bound for the University of Pittsburgh , who had been caught up in the initial chaos over the travel ban , flew to his on Saturday , where he Europe to transfer to a flight to Boston . " I ’m his , " he said from Frankfurt . " The rules keep on changing , but I think I will make it this time . " 
 Mr. Zaino Mr. Zaino Mr. Zaino Istanbul Frankfurt Frankfurt Boston Iranians Iranians he 