DAMASCUS ( SYRIA ) ( AFP )   —    Syria ’s foreign minister on Monday called on Syria ’s refugees to return home , official media reported , without directly commenting on a US ban targeting them refugees [ Walid Muallem " renewed the invitation of the government to Syrian refugees living in neighbouring countries to return to their Syrian refugees living in neighbouring countries the SANA news agency said .   The minister Syria’s foreign minister on Monday the country Syria to receive them and grant them Syrian refugees living in neighbouring countries dignified life Syrian refugees living in neighbouring countries the agency reported , the SANA news agency met UN refugee agency chief Filippo Grandi . On Friday , US President Donald Trump issued an executive order to suspend Syrian refugee arrivals indefinitely and impose tough controls on travellers from seven countries , including Syria , for 90 days . The minister spoke after President US President Donald Trump ’s forces on Sunday retook control of a key region that supplies water to the capital . The army ’s recapture of Wadi Barada from rebels comes a month after Assad ’s forces pushed the armed opposition out of east Aleppo , taking back control of the whole of the northern city . Syria ’s rebels still hold to the northwestern province of Idlib , the Western Ghouta area outside the capital and areas in the south of the country . Syria ’s conflict Syria more than Syria’s 000 people since it erupted in 2011 with the brutal repression Syria’s conflict    protests . The war has forced 4 . 8 million people to flee Syria , according to the United Nations Syria Commissioner for Refugees . Turkey has taken in more than 2 Syria 7 million Syrians , the UNHCR says , and is now the main host country . It is Syria more than one million Syrian the UNHCR , according to the UN . The UNHCR says Jordan has taken in 655 , 000 Syrians the UNHCR Amman says the number is much higher at Syrians . 4 million . At least another 228 , 000 Syrians have taken refuge in Iraq and 115 , 000 in Syrians , the refugee agency says . Syrian refugees have in increasing numbers travelled the UNHCR tried to reach , Europe , making the perilous journey overground or by sea . 
 