Hollywood has issued dire predictions and hysterical warnings about Donald Trump ever since the Republican businessman first announced the Republican businessman candidacy for the presidency in June 2015 . [ But the level of vitriol and violent rhetoric against Donald Trump Donald Trump increased substantially in recent weeks , from comedian Kathy Griffin ’s    shock " beheading " photograph to Shakespeare in the Park ’s      " assassination " of Trump Donald Trump a stage in New York City ’s Central Park .   Unfortunately , Griffin comedian Kathy Griffin the director of Julius Caesar are not anomalies in Hollywood actors , writers , directors , and other celebrities have fantasized about using violence against Trump Donald Trump his Donald Trump , and other GOP lawmakers for at least the past 18 months . Below are 15 examples of celebrities who have used pointed , violent rhetoric to attack the president and other Republicans .    1 . Kathy Griffin ‘ Beheads’ Trump in Graphic Photo , The     My Life on the    star sparked a firestorm ( and a U. S. Secret Service investigation ) when she Kathy Griffin photographed holding the fake , bloodied , decapitated head of the president in an image that critics said was reminiscent of Islamic State propaganda . Griffin Kathy Griffin fired from her Kathy Griffin on CNN ’s New Year ’s Eve broadcasts and saw the cancellation of at least five of her Kathy Griffin performances , but remained defiant in an emotional press conference , blaming the backlash on sexism and vowing to continue to " make fun " of the the president 2 . Madonna   —    " I ’ve thought a lot about blowing up the White House . " The pop Madonna  —    during the    Women ’s March on Washington in January , where she addressed an audience Madonna  —    thousands . " Yes , I ’m angry . Yes , I ’m outraged . Yes ’m I have thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House , the White House that this wo n’t change anything , " she told the crowd Madonna  —    roaring applause . " Are you ready to shake up the world ? " Madonna asked . " Madonna  —    to the revolution of love , to the rebellion , to our refusal as women to accept this new age of tyranny , where not just women are in danger but all regionalized people . Where being uniquely different , right now , might truly be considered a crime . " The singer later said Madonna  —    were taken out Madonna  —    context . 3 . Snoop Dogg " Shoots " Trump in the Head in Music Video , The California rapper pointed a gun at the president ( dressed to look like a circus clown ) and pulled the trigger in a music video for his song " Lavender " earlier this The California rapper   —    though the gun is shown to be a a gun at the president (dressed to look like a circus clown) , with a " Bang ! " flag popping out of the barrel . Still , the imagery was unmistakable . " I feel like it ’s a lot of people making cool records , having fun , partying , but nobody ’s dealing with the real issue with this f*cking clown as president , and the sh*t that we dealing with out here , so I wanted to take time out to push pause on a party record and make one of these records for the time being , " the rapper told Billboard . 4 . Robert De Niro : Billboard I ’d Like to Punch Him in the Face " The    actor Robert De Niro: " in a voter registration PSA during the 2016 presidential race , but was filmed going off on Trump in a monologue during an outtake . " He ’s a punk , he ’s a The   actor , he ’s a The   actor , he ’s a The   actor , he ’s a The   actor artist , a mutt The   actor does n’t know what he ’s talking about , does n’t do The   actor homework , does n’t care , thinks The   actor ’s gaming society , does n’t pay The   actor taxes , " the     Godfather star The   actor in the clip . " He ’s an embarrassment to this country , The   actor he added . " He talks [ about The   actor how he wants The   actor punch people in the face The   actor …      I ’d like to punch him in the face . " 5 . The   actor Whedon the face   I Want a Rhino to F*ck Paul Ryan to Death " The     Avengers director   —    who released a    PSA in support of Hillary Clinton during the 2016 race   —    took to Twitter in January to wish an untimely and unfortunate end to House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) . " Violence solves nothing . I want a rhino to f*ck @SpeakerRyan to death with its horn because it ’s FUNNY , not because a rhino to f*ck ’s a a rhino to f*ck GOPmurderbro , " Whedon tweeted a rhino to f*ck Shortly after the November 8 election , the director tweeted that Trump " CANNOT be allowed a term in office . " 6 . Shakespeare in the Park Stabs ‘ Trump’ to Death in Performance of ‘ Julius Caesar’ New York City ’s Public Theater staged a production of Julius Caesar during its 2017 summer program , but with a twist Public Theater the classic play   —    Caesar looked just like Donald Trump , with a Julius Caesar suit and tie and a familiar blond   . As happens in the play , the    Caesar is eventually brutally stabbed to death   Caesar in the Senate . The character ’s similarity to   Caesar sparked outrage , and sponsors Bank of America and Delta Donald Trump Lines pulled their funding from the theater . The theater stood by the Bank of America and Delta Air Lines . 7 . David Simon the theater Pick Up a G*ddamn Brick " if Trump Fires Robert Mueller , The creator of the HBO crime drama The Wire reacted to rumors that the president had considered firing the special counsel appointed to oversee the Russia investigation , Robert Mueller , by suggesting that Americans " pick up a goddamn brick " if the president followed through . " If Donald Trump fires Robert Mueller the president allowed to do so , pick up a goddamn Robert Mueller That ’s all that ’s left to you , " Simon tweeted June 12 . The    later denied his tweet was an incitement to violence . 8 . Mickey Rourke Threatens the president Beat Trump with Baseball Bat : " He Can Suck My F*cking D*ck " The Wrestler actor went on a    Mickey Rourke Threatens against Trump in April 2016 , when he had not yet won the Republican nomination Trump president . " Donald Trump The Wrestler actor go f*ck himself , " Rourke told TMZ . " His Trump , ‘ Oh , he ’s Mickey Rourke tough guy.’ He ’s not Trump tough guy , he ’s a Trump and a b*tch and Trump can suck my f*cking d*ck . Trump ’ll meet him in a hotel room Trump motherf*cking day of the week and give him a Trump slugger . Kiss my motherf*cking ass you b*tch punk c***sucker . " Trump . Actress Lea DeLaria Threatens to ‘ Take Out’ Republicans and Independents with Baseball Bat after Trump Win , Just a couple days after the November election , the Orange is the New Black star responded to a meme about dealing with violence through music by adding her own suggestion . " [ O]r pick up a baseball bat and take out the New Black star f*cking republican and independent I see , " DeLaria wrote , adding the hashtags " # f*cktrump , " " # f*cktheGOP , " # f*ckstraightwhiteamerica " and " # f*ckyourprivilege . " Some of the cast of the hit Netflix show had previously appeared in a campaign ad for Hillary Clinton . 10 . Rapper YG Threatens Trump with " F*ck Donald Trump " Song , Rappers YG and Nipsy Hussle released a song during the 2016 presidential campaign called " F*ck Donald Trump , " with lyrics that contained several threats toward the   . " I like white folks , but I do n’t like    the n*ggas in the hood wanna fight    El Chapo ai n’t tried to snipe    the Nation of Islam ai n’t tried to find    a rally out in L. A. we gon’ f*ck it up , " YG    in the song . " You vote Trump then you ’re prolly on    if your ass do win , you gon’ prolly get smoked , " adds    . YG later complained that his record label had been contacted by the Secret Service . YG . Marilyn Manson YG ‘ Trump’ in Music Video , In a music video for his song " Say10″ released right around Election Day , the shock rocker stands over Marilyn Manson Kills lifeless body of a man resembling Donald Trump while ripping pages out of a Bible . In a flash , a Trump a suit and a red tie   —    a     allusion to Trump   —    is seen decapitated on the ground in a pool of blood . Trump ’s about the desperate acts of people who believe something that is preached by an unbeliever , " Manson told the Daily Beast of the explicit visuals in the video . 12 . Rapper Everlast Marilyn Manson Kills Trump : " I Will Punch You in Your F*cking Face " The rapper and former House Trump Pain frontman went off on Trump in an interview with Billboard in April 2016 . " F*ck that dude . I ’ll Trump that f*cker ’s    right off April 2016 scalp , " he said . " Like , for real , if I met Donald f*cker , I ’d punch f*cker in his f*cking face . And that ’s not a Trump Even if he did become president I met Donald Trump — I met Donald Trump watch out , Donald Trump , because I will punch you in I met Donald Trump f*cking face if I ever meet you . Trump had better just f*cking be on it . Do his f*cking face anywhere within a block . This the Secret Service . " 13 . Larry Wilmore Jokes About Suffocating Trump with ‘ Pillow They Used to Kill Scalia’ Former    host and Daily Show contributor Larry Wilmore joked Trump suffocating Trump during a segment on his Comedy Central show The Nightly Show . " Anyway , since we ’re Trump about bigotry , we Trump to mention Donald Trump , " Wilmore said . " Sorry everyone , I do n’t wo nt to give him we oxygen . That ’s not a euphemism Daily Show contributor Larry Wilmore the way I mean it literally . Somebody get Trump the pillow they used to kill Scalia , and I ’ll do it . I ’ll do it ! " Wilmore then proceeded to demonstrate what suffocating Trump to death might look like , before adding it " I could get it trouble for Daily Show contributor Larry Wilmore , actually Trump " 14 . Stephen Colbert ’s Late Show Puts Stephen Miller ’s Head on a Spike , In February , Colbert ’s Late Show on CBS featured a segment that depicted Trump aide Stephen Miller being attacked in different scenes from cable TV shows Stephen Colbert The segment included Miller being beaten Trump The Walking Dead‘s Negan and his spiked bat , and ended with the Trump aide ’s head a segment that depicted Trump aide Stephen Miller being attacked in different scenes from cable TV shows a spike Stephen Miller a parody of HBO ’s Game of Thrones Stephen Miller Colbert has Trump his    Puts Stephen Miller’s Head on a Spike fire Stephen Colbert May when Stephen Colbert said during his show that Trump ’s mouth is only good Stephen Colbert being Vladimir Putin ’s " c*ck holster . " 15 . Sarah    Trump Military Could Help Overthrow Trump , In a tweet in February , the comedian and The   host leftist Late Show on CBS The   host U. S. military Trump the    " resistance " and help overthrow the president . " WAKE UP   JOIN THE RESISTANCE . ONCE THE the president W US FASCISTS GET OVERTHROWN February MAD KING   HIS HANDLERS GO BYE BYE , " Silverman tweeted . Silverman , who THE RESISTANCE Sen. Bernie Sanders’ earliest celebrity supporters , previously compared Trump ’s victory to the Great Depression the U. S. military Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum , Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter Trump MAD KING   Twitter Sarah Silverman 