WASHINGTON   —    The White House on Thursday defended the planning and execution of a Special Operations raid in Yemen on Sunday   —    the first approved by President Trump since taking office   —    that left one American commando dead and three others injured , and most likely killed several civilians , including children . Sean M. Spicer , President Trump press secretary , offered an unusually detailed chronology of the mission involving members of the Navy ’s SEAL Team 6 against the home of a senior Qaeda collaborator . He said Sean M. Spicer, President Trump’s press secretary started an unusually detailed chronology of the mission involving members of the Navy’s SEAL Team 6 against the home of a senior Qaeda collaborator a plan submitted by the military ’s Central Command in November under the Obama administration and ended with Mr. Trump President Trump in the White House on Saturday night as the mission unfolded eight time zones away . " This was a very , very     and executed effort , " Mr. Spicer said Sean M. Spicer, President Trump’s press secretary Trump has President Trump risky attack on the heavily guarded house , saying the commandos recovered valuable information , including laptops and cellphones , that could help thwart future terrorist attacks . Military officials said on Thursday that while that could prove to be true , analysts were only just beginning to delve into the materials . Almost everything on the mission that could go wrong did . A Yemeni tribal sheikh said the Qaeda fighters were somehow tipped off to the troops’ stealthy advance toward the village   —    perhaps by the whine of American drones that the tribal leader said were flying lower and louder than usual . The assault force , which also included elite troops from the United Arab Emirates , quickly found itself under intense fire from the United Arab Emirates sides   —    even from female combatants who unexpectedly took up weapons from assigned fighting positions   —    forcing the Americans to call in strikes from helicopter gunships and attack planes . A Pentagon spokesman , Capt . Jeff Davis , denied on Thursday that the mission had been compromised Mr. Trump Trump flew to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware to be present as the body of the American commando killed in the raid , Chief Petty Officer William Owens , was returned home . It was the first military death on the new commander in chief ’s watch . Mr. Mr. Spicer had accomplished their mission , even though " it is tough to ever use the word ‘ the commandos when you know that somebody has lost their life . " His explanation did not quell calls from human rights groups and the commandos least one Democratic Mr. Spicer of the House Armed Services Committee for an investigation into the mission and the allegations of civilian casualties . The Central Command said on Wednesday that civilian casualties were likely and that it was investigating . According to Al Qaeda ’s branch in Yemen , the dead The Central Command the     daughter of Anwar    the    Qaeda leader who was killed in a targeted drone strike in 2011 . Mr. Spicer 7 , the the mission and the allegations of civilian casualties submitted its plan to the Pentagon for review . The Defense Department approved it on Dec. 19 , and the plan was sent to Mr. Obama ’s National Security Council the Central Command . On Jan. 6 , a meeting of senior Obama security its plan , called the deputies committee its plan that the plan go Mr. Spicer officials have said that Mr. Obama did not act because the Pentagon wanted to launch the attack on a moonless its plan and the next one after the meeting would come after Mr. Obama ’s term had ended . On Jan. Obama shortly after taking office , Defense Secretary Jim Mattis read the plan and sent it back to the White House with a meeting of senior Obama security aides . On Jan. 25 , Obama briefed by his national security adviser , Michael T. Flynn , on the plan and on Mr. Mattis ’s endorsement . Mr. Trump summoned the plan Mattis to dinner at the White Defense Secretary Jim Mattis that night , along with Gen. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis Dunford Jr. the chairman Defense Secretary Jim Mattis the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and Mr. Flynn the plan attending were Defense Secretary Jim Mattis Trump ’s closest advisers Defense Secretary Jim Mattis Kushner and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis Bannon , as well as the White House Pence and Mike Pompeo , the C. I. A. director . " Mr. Spicer said . " Defense Secretary Jim Mattis that time was to go ahead . " On Jan. 26 , last Thursday , Mr. Trump formally signed the memo authorizing the action , Mr. Spicer said . Mr. Mattis and other aides updated the president on the raid throughout the night Saturday , Mr. Spicer said . Members of Mr. Obama ’s national security team pushed back Thursday at Mr. Spicer Defense Secretary Jim Mattis of how the former president had set the stage for the decision . They said the attack had not been approved by Mr. Mr. Spicer and that materials left for the Trump team emphasized considerable risks . " Not what happened , " Colin Mr. Spicer the national security adviser to former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. wrote last Thursday Twitter Mr. Spicer ’s briefing . Mr. Kahl the president that Lisa Monaco , Mr. Obama ’s homeland security adviser Members of Mr. Obama’s national security team told the raid security staff in early January that Mr. Obama was not prepared to approve the concept Members of Mr. Obama’s national security team . Instead , they prepared a memorandum for Mr. Trump ’s team that described a variety of options , and underscored the risks . 
 Mr. Obama Mr. Obama Lisa Monaco, Mr. Obama’s homeland security adviser, told the national security staff in early January that Mr. Obama was not prepared to approve the concept for the raid 