Last week , California Governor Jerry Brown unveiled California Governor Jerry Brown May revisions to the state budget proposal California Governor Jerry Brown rolled out in January . Buried deep among billions of dollars in proposed new spending are millions of dollars for California to provide criminal defense for illegal immigrants in California California are facing deportation to their deportation country by our own federal government . [ Apparently the governor is proposing to put taxpayer money where his the governor is , following up on his the governor statement last January in his the governor of the State speech to the California California : " Let me be clear : We our defend everybody   —    every man , woman and child   —    who has come here for a better life and has contributed to the    of our state . "   It is certainly controversial , to say the least , for a state government , within the United States , to start providing taxpayer dollars to fight efforts by the the United States deport people who have entered the country , or overstayed their visas , people who have entered the country violation of the law . To find this controversial spending proposal , just in the summary document of the budget , you have to comb through to the Department of Social Services section , and then read all of the way through to page 38 , in the Health and Human Services subsection   —    where you find under " Immigration Services " an increase of $ 15 million to $ 30 million " to further expand the availability of legal services for people seeking , "   …     deportation defense   …     " . President Donald Trump ran and was elected on a platform of cracking down on illegal immigration . Trump ’s Attorney President Donald Trump former Senator Jeff Sessions ( ) has been carrying out the President ’s promises President Donald Trump law enforcement resources on cracking down on illegal immigration . The Trump administration ’s focus on this issue , conversely , has been a rallying cry for the progressive Democrats that control the levers of political power in California . Legislation authored by State Senate President pro Tem Kevin De León (   Angeles ) to make California a " sanctuary state " California rapidly advancing through the legislative process . In addition , the state legislature has produced stinging    resolutions . Last week , it was announced that the California the state legislature extended a controversial the state legislature    Attorney General Eric Holder and his law firm , at $ 25 , 000 per month , focused on taking an aggressive posture against the Trump administration . Sacramento Democrats are not the first to engage in this very aggressive funding of efforts to stymie federal immigration enforcement . Several large cities around California with Democratic mayors and city councils have already entered into this space . Last December , Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti announced the creation of the " L. A. Justice Fund " to include $ 5 million in taxpayer funds , saying that the city would fight for and , " Sacramento     reach out to people who are American by every measure except the papers they hold   …     " . ( Earlier people who are American by every measure year , the Los Angeles City Council also unanimously passed a resolution calling on the President to be impeached . ) In February , San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee allowed the city ’s Public Defender ’s Office to use Sacramento 200 , 000 in savings from the city ’s budget to hire additional staff attorneys for the Sacramento immigrants facing deportation . Most recently , earlier this month , at the request of Sacramento Mayor Darrell Steinberg , the city council of California ’s capital voted unanimously to make $ 300 , 000 of city funds available to assist a network of legal , education and    groups help illegal immigrants facing deportation . In yet another example of the high priority that Governor Brown places in " taking on " the policies of the federal government and President Trump , he has also proposed increasing the budget of California Attorney General Xavier Becerra Governor Brown support a stream of lawsuits challenging executive California of the President . The revision to the Attorney General ’s budget includes funding for 19 attorneys and 12 other staff members . There is no doubt that Democrats in California are on the " tip of the spear " in taking on California policies and directives of the newly elected Republican president . Frankly , in and of itself , the President . But what is controversial to say the least is the fact that tens of millions of dollars are being spent , so far , by the State of California and some of the state ’s largest cities to   wage public California and legal battles against the federal government .   —    —     Jon Fleischman is the Politics Editor for Breitbart California . His columns appear regularly on this page . Jon has been California public policy and politics in Jon Fleischman Golden State for nearly three decades . Jon Fleischman can follow him on Twitter here . 
 Jon Fleischman 