Republicans have found healthcare reform to be a difficult task   —    and have put replacing Obamacare on the back burner   —    but the President and the    Congress must demonstrate to the American people that the American people can turn campaign promises into legislation . What gives me confidence the American people will meet this challenge is the desire of American voters to overturn many of President Barack Obama ’s failed policies and resilient Republican leadership at both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue . [ Maybe the best chance Republicans have to enact meaningful legislation is to focus on issues that unite the Party . Since the Reagan Revolution , one area that has consistently united Republicans is a commitment to liberate the American people from the burden of hefty taxation and a desire to allow free markets   —    not tax policy   —    to drive the American economy .   While much of the focus on tax reform has been on the corporate side , another problematic area has that has gotten far less attention is the use of tax incentives to support the " green " energy business . In my opinion , there are no worse examples of tax policy then these incentives because these incentives adulterate the free market and often direct massive profits to the wealthy and politically connected . One tax policy that is ripe for fixing is the Solar Investment Tax Credit ( ITC ) . the Solar Investment Tax Credit (ITC currently allows homeowners and businesses to deduct a portion of the cost of installation of solar panels until 2021 . In 2015 , Congress approved this tax cut in a deal with the Obama White House . What bothers me is that the implementation of the the Solar Investment Tax Credit (ITC that Americans who do not choose to put solar panels on their rooftops have to subsidize those that do . Also , it turns out that taxpayers are also subsidizing some of the wealthiest people on the planet . Consider Elon Musk , the owner of SolarCity   —    which recently merged into his other company , Tesla   —    is the largest provider of residential solar panels in the nation . Musk is the 87th richest man in the world and someone worth admiring for his financial Musk that have created thousands of jobs . However , I am not supportive of tax policies like the ITC that put more money in the pockets of billionaires . Another government incentive that Elon Musk Musk is the Zero Emissions Vehicle ( ZEV ) tax credit . This policy allows people who purchase    in vehicles to deduct $ 7 , 500 from their federal taxes . This credit phases out after any manufacturer sells 20 , 000 qualified vehicles . The only automaker even coming close to this 20 , 000 threshold is Tesla and Elon Tesla’s Musk has publicly Musk he does not Musk the ZEV , stating on a recent earnings call : " the reality actually is that , if electric vehicle incentives went away tomorrow , Tesla ’s competitive position would improve . " If Musk ca n’t have the tax credit much longer , he does n’t Musk his competitors to Musk it either . So Musk uses the Musk credit to get a the tax credit then wants to eliminate it to punish Musk competitors when Musk ca n’t Musk it his competitors Musk enough , the only profitable quarter Tesla has seen in a long Tesla was selling $ 139 million in pollution tax credits to other automakers . To me , the lesson of Elon Musk   —    who , according to a report by the Los Angeles Times in May of 2015 , has been the beneficiary of almost $ 5 billion dollars in government subsidies   —    is that these green tax credits allow businesses to subvert the    to their own advantage . I do n’t blame Musk the    nor is this piece meant to be a critique of him . The business world is a tough place Musk and competitors need to seek out any advantage they can get . I just do n’t think competitors American tax code should be a tool used by corporate titans to gain leverage or advantage over each other . Success should be determined by the quality and price of their products and services in the free market . Success importantly , if Congress eliminates these " green " energy tax credits , we pay down the debt and put badly needed funds into education , infrastructure , and other important priorities that help to improve the lives of regular people and allow them to pursue the American dream . Elon Musk regular people said multiple times in recent months that he does n’t want government subsidies . The Trump Elon Musk and the Congress should give him his wish in the upcoming tax reform debate Elon Musk Elon Musk served as Lieutenant Governor of Maryland from 2003 Elon Musk —    2007 , and as the Chairman of the Republican National Committee from 2009   —    2011 
 