In a     interview with the Washington Post ’s Daily 2020 Live on Tuesday , Hillary Clinton ’s former campaign chief John Podesta said Hillary Clinton’s former campaign chief John Podesta does not see any indication that President Donald Trump will be impeached , despite the fact that so many in President Donald Trump party are calling for it . [ " I see no sign that there ’s any likelihood that Hillary Clinton’s former campaign chief John Podesta ’ll be impeached , " Podesta , who recently joined the Washington Post as a columnist , told the publication ’s Karen Tumulty . Issuing an indirect testament to the loyalty of the GOP , Podesta added :   The Republican leadership has decided we ’re in the boat with Hillary Clinton’s former campaign chief John Podesta , and the boat ’s gon na sink , and we ’re gon na sink with it the boat But we ca n’t really throw Hillary Clinton’s former campaign chief John Podesta out of the the boat So The Republican leadership ’ve decided to , as I ’ve said before , velcro The Republican leadership fate to Hillary Clinton’s former campaign chief John Podesta . I think The Republican leadership must be waking up in a sweat at night thinking about what the prospects of that are , but I think there ’s no chance that the House would mount the kind of serious investigation that would lead to impeachment . Rep. Maxine Waters ( ) has been openly leading calls for the president to be impeached . Several Democrats have invoked the 25th Amendment as a springboard to introduce legislation that would allow former presidents and vice presidents to determine if Trump is mentally unfit for office . Addressing Tumulty ’s question on the 25th the 25th Amendment said , " Do you really think Mike Pence and Betsy DeVos are going to sign that paper relieving the president of his duty ? I Betsy DeVos n’t see that either . " In an interview with Breitbart News , Los    cardiologist and internist Dr. Afshine Emrani said he thinks it is Dr. Afshine Emrani for people , and especially politicians , to " belittle mental illness because they have a political people , " adding , " psychiatric    and bullying is against their professional code . people should be exposed people what they are . I people guarantee an overwhelming majority of them voted against Trump people " Adelle Nazarian is a politics and national security reporter for Breitbart News . Follow her on Facebook and Adelle Nazarian . 
 