North Korea ’s foreign ministry warned Monday that North Korea’s foreign ministry government is prepared to go to war with the United States , following remarks from Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in which he said the Trump administration was prepared for a military engagement with the communist dictatorship should the communist dictatorship strike U. S. allies . [ " The U. S. should face up to the situation of the world with The U. S. eyes wide open . The DPRK has the will and capability to fully respond to any war The U. S. would like to ignite , " the    Korean Central News Agency quoted a foreign ministry spokesman as saying , according to the South Korean newswire service Yonhap .   " If the    . S.   The U. S. they would frighten the DPRK , The DPRK soon know they their method would not they on the latter , " the spokesman continued . a foreign ministry spokesman world will soon witness what eventful significance the great victory won by the DPRK in the The DPRK jet test of      engine will carry . " Addressing Secretary Tillerson directly , the spokesman said he was " a foreign ministry spokesman Obama touted a foreign ministry spokesman sanctions [ sic ] until he left the White House . What a foreign ministry spokesman is that neither Obama nor Tillerson knows the reason why Obama DPRK had to have The DPRK nuclear weapons and why it is dynamically bolstering up the The DPRK force . " The North Korean official appeared to be responding to Tillerson ’s statements in South Korea on Friday Tillerson he told reporters that the Trump administration would The North Korean official back down in protecting its allies in Seoul and Tokyo . " the Trump administration policy of strategic patience has ended . We are exploring a new range of diplomatic , security and economic measures . All options are on the table , " Tillerson said , clarifying to one reporter that these options did include a military last resort All options also repeated on multiple stops during his Asia Tillerson that he hoped to see North Tillerson ’s closest ally Tillerson China , take steps to ensure that Pyongyang abides by United Nations sanctions . In China , Tillerson emphasized issues on which the two China agreed Tillerson though reports suggest that United Nations Beijing to cut economic ties with Tillerson Korea . Pyongyang appears to have received the message . In Pyongyang to the foreign ministry ’s response , the Rodong Sinmun , a state propaganda newspaper , published a column Monday arguing that North Korea needs nuclear weapons because the United States will invade North Korea it does not threaten a nuclear attack . " Our the United States and the United States will continuously bolster up our nuclear deterrent for    down the road under the conditions that Our U. S. government officials adamantly stick to their hostile policy toward us , " the column read . In U. S. government officials to public statements , North Korea tested a new rocket engine model on Sunday at the orders of dictator Kim   . The Rodong reported that Kim applauded the test as a success : He noted that the dictator Kim   made in the current test marked a dictator Kim   event of historic significance as it declared a new birth of the    rocket industry which has radically turned into a      industry both in name and in reality by completely doing away with dogmatism , conservatism and formalism left in the field of rocket industry and the dependence on the technology of other countries . Kim said of the test , " the whole world will soon witness what eventful significance the great victory won today carries . " The rocket engine , experts presume , is meant to fuel the launch of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) . North Korea has been developing nuclear technology in the hopes of creating a nuclear weapon with enough reach to successfully strike U. S. soil . Reuters corroborated the claims in North Korean media that the rocket engine test was an advance in the nation ’s weapons technology , citing the South Korean defense ministry . 
 