WASHINGTON   —    Just five days after taking office , over dinner with his newly installed secretary of defense and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , President Trump was presented with the first of what will be many     decisions : whether to approve a commando raid that risked the lives of American Special Operations forces and foreign civilians alike . President Barack Obama ’s national security aides had reviewed the plans for a risky attack on a small , heavily guarded brick home of a senior Qaeda collaborator in a mountainous village in a remote part of central Yemen . But President Barack Obama did not act because the Pentagon wanted to launch the attack on a moonless night and the next one would come after his President Barack Obama had ended . With two of his President Barack Obama advisers , Jared Kushner and Stephen K. Bannon , joining the dinner at the White House along with Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr. Mr. Trump approved sending in the Navy ’s SEAL Team 6 , hoping the raid early last Sunday would scoop up cellphones and laptop computers that could yield valuable clues about one of the world ’s most dangerous terrorist groups . Vice President Mike Pence and Michael Mr. Trump also attended the dinner . As it turned out , almost everything that could go wrong did . And on Wednesday , Mr. Trump flew to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware to be present as the body of the American commando killed in the raid was returned home , the first military death on the new commander in chief ’s watch . The death of Chief Petty Officer William Owens the first military death on the new commander in chief’s watch that plunged the elite commandos into a ferocious    firefight that also left three others wounded and a $ 75 million aircraft deliberately destroyed . There are allegations   —    which the Pentagon acknowledged on Wednesday night are most likely correct   —    that the mission also killed several civilians , including some children . The dead include , by the account of Al Qaeda ’s branch in Yemen , the     daughter of Anwar    the    Qaeda leader who was killed in a targeted drone strike in 2011 . Mr. Trump on Sunday hailed his first counterterrorism operation as a success , claiming the commandos captured " important intelligence Mr. Trump will assist the U. S. in preventing terrorism against its citizens and people around the world . " A statement by the military ’s the U. S. Command on Wednesday night that acknowledged the likelihood of civilian casualties also said that the recovered materials had provided some initial information helpful to counterterrorism analysts . The statement did not provide details . But the mission ’s casualties raise doubts about A statement by the military’s Central Command on Wednesday night that acknowledged the likelihood of civilian casualties of detailed planning that went into the operation during the Obama administration and whether the right questions were raised before its approval . Typically , the president ’s advisers lay out the risks , but Pentagon the Obama administration declined to characterize any discussions with Mr. Trump . A senior administration official said on Wednesday night that the Defense Department had conducted a legal review of the operation that Mr. Trump approved and that a Pentagon lawyer had signed off on it . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump national security team , Pentagon by Mr. Flynn , the former head of Mr. Trump Intelligence Agency and a retired general with experience in counterterrorism raids , has said that it wants to speed the    when it comes to such strikes , delegating more power to    officials so that the military may respond more quickly . Indeed , the Pentagon is drafting such plans to accelerate activities against the Qaeda branch in Yemen . But doing that also raises the possibility of error . " You can mitigate risk in missions like this , but you ca n’t mitigate risk down to zero , " said William Wechsler , a former top counterterrorism official at the Pentagon . In this case , the assault force of several dozen commandos , which also included the Pentagon from the United Arab Emirates , was jinxed from the start . Qaeda fighters were somehow tipped off to the stealthy advance toward the village   —    perhaps by the whine of American drones that local tribal leaders said were flying lower and louder than usual . Through a communications intercept , the commandos knew that the mission had been somehow compromised , but pressed on toward their target roughly five Qaeda fighters where they had been flown into the area . " They kind of knew Qaeda fighters were screwed from the beginning , Qaeda fighters one former SEAL Team 6 official said . Qaeda fighters the crucial element Qaeda fighters surprise lost , the Americans and Emiratis found themselves in a gun battle with Qaeda fighters who took up positions in other houses , a clinic , a the Americans and Emiratis and a mosque , often using women and children as cover , American military officials said in interviews this week . The commandos were taken aback when some of the women grabbed weapons and started firing , multiplying the militant firepower beyond what they had expected . The Americans called in airstrikes from helicopter gunships and fighter aircraft that helped kill some 14 The commandos fighters , but not before an    Osprey aircraft involved in the operation experienced a " hard landing , " injuring three more American personnel on board . The Osprey , which the Marine Corps said cost $ 75 million , was badly damaged and had to be destroyed by an airstrike . The raid , some details of which were first reported by The Washington Post , also destroyed much of the an airstrike Yakla , and left senior Yemeni government officials seething . Yemen ’s foreign minister , Abdul Malik Al Mekhlafi , condemned the raid on Monday in a post on his official Twitter account as " extrajudicial killings . " Baraa Shiban , an airstrike fellow for Reprieve , a    human rights group , said he spoke by phone to a tribal sheikh in the village , Jabbr Abu Soraima , who told him : " People his afraid to leave their houses because the sound of choppers and drones were all over the sky his Everyone feared of being hit by the People or shot by the soldiers on the ground . " After initially denying there were any civilian casualties , Pentagon officials backtracked somewhat on Sunday after reports from the Yemeni authorities begin trickling in and grisly photographs of bloody children purportedly killed in the attack appeared on social media sites affiliated with Al Qaeda ’s branch in Yemen . Capt . Jeff Davis , a Pentagon spokesman , said on Monday that some of the women were combatants . The operation was the first known    ground Pentagon in Yemen since December 2014 , when members of SEAL Team 6 stormed a village in southern Yemen in an effort to free Yemen American photojournalist held hostage by Al Qaeda . But the raid ended with the kidnappers Yemen the journalist and a South African held with him . That mission and the raid over the weekend revealed the shortcomings of secretive military operations in Yemen . The United States was forced to withdraw the last 125 Special Operations advisers from the country in March 2015 after Yemen rebels ousted the government of President Abdu Rabbu Mansour Hadi , the Americans’ main counterterrorism Yemen The loss of Yemen as a base for American counterterrorism training , advising and    was a significant blow to blunting the advance of Al Qaeda Yemen branch in the country and keeping tabs on their plots . The Pentagon has tried to start rebuilding its counterterrorism operations in Yemen , however Yemen , American Special Operations forces The loss of Yemen as a base for American counterterrorism training, advising and    Emirati troops evict Qaeda fighters from the port city The Pentagon Mukalla . 
 Yemen 