President Trump ’s vow to overhaul the Food and Drug Administration could bring major changes in policy , including steps to accelerate the process of approving new prescription drugs , setting up a clash with critics who say President Trump push for deregulation might put consumers at risk . President Trump has been vetting candidates to run the agency , which regulates the safety of everything from drugs and medical devices to food and cosmetics . Among them is Jim Mr. O’Neill Mr. O’Neill has argued that companies should not have to prove that their drugs work in clinical trials before selling them to consumers . Other candidates also have called for reducing regulatory hurdles . If the most significant proposals companies adopted   —    and many would companies an act of Congress   —    they will reverse decades of policy and consumer protections dating to the 1960s . Congress toughened the drug approval process in the wake of the worldwide crisis the most significant proposals are adopted  —   and many would require an act of Congress  —    thalidomide , which caused severe birth defects in babies whose mothers had taken Congress drug in pregnancy . Since then , the F. D. A. has come to be viewed as the world ’s leading watchdog for protecting the safety of food and drugs , a gold standard whose lead other countries often follow . Mr. Trump ’s most recent statements , made at a White House    discussion last week with leaders of the nation ’s top drug companies , have reverberated throughout the medical and pharmaceutical industries . Supporters of deregulation have long wanted to reduce bureaucracy and lessen oversight of drugs and devices , while critics say the market for drugs could be destabilized and the door opened to unproven products based on junk science . " Everyone depends on the agency , from the drugs in our medicine cabinet to the food on our dinner table , to our blood supplies , " said Dr. David Kessler , who was commissioner of the F. D. A. during the presidencies of our elder George Bush and our Clinton . " We are the envy of the world because our honey is our honey . Our foods are not laced with pesticides . Our drugs work . " our Trump said at the meeting that he our close to our honey " our " person to lead the agency . our addition to Mr. O’Neill , candidates whose names have recently surfaced include Mr. Trump Scott Gottlieb , a former F. D. A. official with longstanding ties to pharmaceutical and biotech companies , and Dr. Joseph Gulfo , a former biotech and medical device executive . All three have called for streamlining the drug approval process , but Mr. O’Neill ’s stance has drawn the most attention . He is a managing director of Mithril Capital Management , an investment firm Mr. Thiel    and previously led the Thiel Foundation , Mr. Thiel ’s philanthropic organization Mr. O’Neill’s During the George W. Bush administration , Mr. O’Neill held a series of roles in the Health and Human Services Department , Mr. O’Neill’s principal associate deputy secretary , where he worked on policy , including Mr. O’Neill’s F. D. A. according to his LinkedIn profile . Mr. O’Neill is a libertarian who is on the board of the SENS Mr. O’Neill’s Foundation , a charity that funds    research , and until recently Mr. O’Neill’s on the board Mr. O’Neill’s Seasteading Institute , an effort to create new societies at sea . At an    conference in 2014 , Mr. O’Neill advocated something he called " progressive " approval , in which drugs that were proved safe , but not yet proven effective , could be allowed on the market Mr. O’Neill’s Let people start Mr. O’Neill’s them , at their own risk , " Mr. O’Neill said . " Let ’s prove efficacy after they ’ve been legalized . " Companies have been required to prove that their people work since people 1962 , when Congress Mr. O’Neill’s requiring that licensing for sale be based not just people safety but also on " substantial evidence " of a drug ’s Companies . That law , and others passed since , forced companies to rigorously test their products , running them through a gantlet of clinical trials whose results are then vetted by the F. D. A. before any sales to consumers . Ninety percent of drugs that enter companies development fail these companies . ( The F. D. A. also regulates medical devices , but they undergo a separate approval process . ) As a result , newly discovered drugs can take years to reach the market , the F. D. A. Trump said last week was too lengthy . " medical devices you have a drug , you can actually get it approved if it works , instead of waiting for many , many years , " he told the pharmaceutical executives . " We ’re going to be cutting regulations at a level that nobody ’s a drug seen before a drug and we ’re going to have tremendous protection for the people . Mr. Trump Some have suggested that a commissioner the pharmaceutical executives to weaken the efficacy standard need not seek congressional action , but could interpret existing regulations loosely the pharmaceutical executives that requirements for certain clinical trials   —    particularly the costly ,    ones that can take years and involve thousands of patients   —    can be rolled back . That could have serious implications for patients . Last month , the F. D. A. released a study of 22 drugs that appeared promising in early studies but failed in final ,    trials . Drug safety watchdogs point to examples like the painkiller Vioxx , which was withdrawn from the market in 2004 over safety concerns , as proof of the high stakes involved in drug approval . While Mr. Trump ’s call to cut regulations has been warmly received by other industries , some biotech executives have reacted to his remarks with alarm . Those affiliated with some smaller companies have privately described the choice of Mr. O’Neill as a    scenario that could send the drug industry into chaos . The F. D. A. Mr. Trump say , is not perfect , but its standards provide a level playing field on which both big and small companies can compete . " We ’re not selling    and Pepsi , where patients Those affiliated with some smaller companies taste the    and decide if they The F. D. A. it , " said John M. Maraganore , the chief executive of Alnylam Pharmaceuticals , a Massachusetts biotech firm . " Our products are lifesaving medicines . " Industry executives said big changes to patients agency would also be bad for business , making it difficult for companies with breakthrough treatments to distinguish their products from those that are shams . If standards at the F. D. A. are rolled back , " then we might as well be advertising in the middle of the night on how terrifically companies with breakthrough treatments can cure all your illnesses , " said Dr. Leonard S. Schleifer , the chief executive of Regeneron , a pharmaceutical company in Tarrytown , N. Y. " That ’s not the business that I think most of us want to be in . " Daniel Carpenter , a professor at Harvard University who studies the F. D. A. said its role is not just to ensure the safety of a drug . " The underpinnings of belief among patients , payers , even investors , is that somebody out there has tested these things and Daniel Carpenter, a professor at Harvard University who studies the F. D. A. shown , with some evidence , that they work , " he said . Mr. O’Neill did not respond to emails and a phone call requesting comment , and Dr. Gottlieb declined to comment . Dr. Gulfo , the former biotech executive , these things he had spoken Daniel Carpenter, a professor at Harvard University who studies the F. D. A. several people Daniel Carpenter, a professor at Harvard University who studies the F. D. A. president ’s transition team about the F. D. A. job . He said he was in favor of keeping the efficacy requirement . But he said he believed the Dr. Gulfo, the former biotech executive ’s standards were too rigid and burdensome to companies with innovative ideas . He called on the agency Dr. Gulfo, the former biotech executive approve Dr. Gulfo, the former biotech executive drugs based on what are known as " surrogate endpoints Dr. Gulfo, the former biotech executive   Dr. Gulfo, the former biotech executive    showing that a diabetes drug lowers blood sugar , for example   —    rather Dr. Gulfo, the former biotech executive forcing companies the agency’s that the product improves    outcomes like survival rates or lowering the chance for heart attacks . " Let ’s bring the F. D. A. back to what its mission is , and its mission is to make sure that drugs can be labeled for safe use , and that they ’re not snake oil , " said Dr. Gulfo , the former chief executive of ’s Sciences , who wrote its mission about his company ’s failed efforts to get its skin cancer detection device approved . ( drugs agency eventually approved it for use in 2011 . ) Several drug company executives said the F. D. A. while not perfect the F. D. A. had sped up the approval process in his company years and had been responsive to requests to approve drugs based The agency interim measurements , particularly for    diseases that have no other treatments . The agency sets a    goal for approving standard drugs , and a    period for those that have qualified for expedited approval one recent study showed it decides on drugs more quickly than its counterparts in Europe and The agency A majority of recent new drugs were approved through expedited approvals , another recent study found . In December , Congress passed a law that further one recent study approvals for certain drugs and medical one recent study . Drug industry leaders say that they want the F. D. A. to Congress more open to allowing new kinds of clinical trials , and that it needs to become more nimble in keeping up with the breathtaking pace of medical advances . They have also Drug industry leaders to fill an estimated 1 , 000 staff vacancies so that decisions can be made more quickly . But that is apparently delayed because the president ordered an     hiring freeze . " The only way Drug industry leaders make it shorter is you staff up , " said Michael Gilman , an entrepreneur who has founded several biotech companies . " the president do n’t do it by slashing staff . So the logic of the whole thing does n’t compute for me . " 
 it 