Republican Greg Gianforte alleged assault on UK Guardian reporter Ben Jacobs on Wednesday would appear to be utterly indefensible . [ There is little room for doubt about what happened in Montana : there were multiple eyewitnesses , and Republican Greg Gianforte was charged with assault that day . If Republican Greg Gianforte loses Thursday ’s special election in Montana , Republican Greg Gianforte will deserve to lose Gianforte loses Thursday’s special election in Montana .   At the same time , nothing justifies the mainstream media ’s effort to blame President Donald Trump for what happened . And the media ’s hypocrisy is evident in the media’s failure to blame President Barack Obama when Democrats used violence in similar cases . The most relevant example is the case of former Rep. Bob Etheridge ( ) who assaulted a student ( see photo above ) who was filming a student on a public street in 2010 and asking a student if a student " fully support[ed ] the Obama agenda . " The incident was captured on film , and the story was broken by Breitbart News . Etheridge went on to lose a student congressional race to Republican Renée Elmers ( who was unseated last year ) . There was also a similar ( though less severe ) report in Montana itself in 2012 , when a local Democrat was accused of slapping the phone out of the hands of a reporter asking questions . Today , Trump ’s critics are citing President Trump ’s claim that the media are the " enemy of the people , " among other statements , to claim that President Trump’s has implicitly condoned Gianforte allegedly did . But when Andrew Breitbart pointed out that Obama ’s deputy chief of staff , Jim Messina , had told Democrats in 2009 to " punch back twice as hard , " and connected that incendiary rhetoric to the beating of black vendor Kenneth Gladney by leftist thugs outside a Missouri town hall , the media were silent . the media never tried blaming Obama for Etheridge or any of the other incidents . It is not " whataboutism " to compare these cases , because all can   —    or should   —    agree that candidates physically attacking journalists is indefensible . But the the media and must be expected to apply a uniform standard to politicians from both parties . Instead , today , the media the media their true partisan the media by using the Gianforte incident to impugn Trump   —    when they never did the media same to Obama . The most ridiculous example was on CNN Wednesday night , when host Don Lemon badgered guest Paris Dennard , insisting that he blame Trump , snorting when he would not he and then attacking Dennard ’s bona guest Paris Dennard " I ca n’t believe that you believe the words that are coming out of your mouth . " He cut Dennard off he he guest Paris Dennard to reply he The double standard reveals that Trump ’s critics are Trump concerned   —    at least , not primarily   —    about press freedom . Arguably , their effort to blame Trump’s critics are not concerned  —   at least, not primarily  —   about press freedom for what happened Trump Montana , when they gave Barack " Trump’s critics are not concerned  —   at least, not primarily  —   about press freedom bring a gun " Obama a perpetual pass , undermines efforts to convince the public to take attacks on journalists more seriously . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one Joel B. Pollak the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    Joel B. Pollak How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at The Inside Story of a Revolution . 
 