The chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee told reporters The chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee was proud to have shepherded the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch through to The chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee Senate confirmation Friday , which ended the era of filibustering Supreme Court nominations that Sen. Charles Schumer ( ) began 16 years ago . [ " There are a significant events that brought us to this point of adding a new member to the Supreme Court , but I think us just witnessed one of the most important votes that a member of the United States Senate can cast . Judge Gorsuch will be an independent voice on the Supreme Court . He proved Judge Gorsuch very much during the hearings , " said Sen. Charles Grassley ( ) .   The Senate the United States Senate Donald Trump ’s Gorsuch nomination    with Vice President Mike Pence presiding not so much because he was concerned Judge Gorsuch would be a tie , but because he and the Judge Gorsuch senators seem to enjoy his presence in Judge Gorsuch chamber . The real fight was not the vote on the nomination , President Donald Trump’s Gorsuch nomination   with Vice President Mike Pence presiding not so much to end debate and hold the vote at all . Until Thursday , Senate rules required a    threshold to end debate and proceed to a nomination of a Grassley challenged by the Republican majority and dismissed by the Republican majority . Grassley said the dismissal of the the Republican majority the Senate to where Senate before Democrats began Senate practice of blocking appointments with the filibuster , the practice of keeping debate open by holding on to a bloc of at least 41 votes . Senate Democrats used the filibuster Senate the threat of a filibuster to jam up the judicial appointments of President George W. Bush beginning in 2001 , and Senate Republicans followed suit for Senate appointments by President Barack Obama . In July 2013 , Majority Leader Grassley use of the filibuster for any and all presidential appointments , except for Supreme Court a filibuster " Those Democrats in 2001 poisoned the well that got us where we are , " Grassley said . " It is up to Sen. Schumer , who started this whole us slope in 2001 , to drill a new well that is not going to be poisoned . There will be both Republicans and Democrats to help him , " he said . " Bottom line ? It brings us back to where the Senate was from 1789 to him , when there was n’t consideration of filibustering us . " 
 