President Donald Trump ’s successful appointment of Justice Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court is a major achievement that not even President Donald Trump critics can deny , one that has been a tremendous credit to President Donald Trump , with no political downside . [ Last week the justices concluded the justices final    sitting of the Supreme Court annual term . ( Supreme Court the Supreme Court in October and go through June last week was the final week of oral arguments for October Term 2016 . ) It was the first sitting in over a year where the Court had the Supreme Court complement of the Supreme Court justices hearing cases . And this Monday saw the first set of weekly orders in which Justice Gorsuch voted on the Court ’s decisions the Supreme Court the Supreme Court appointments are a major the Supreme Court every presidential campaign . This has been especially true since 1965 , when the Court began a steady line of the Supreme Court invented new constitutional rights through the doctrine of substantive due process , a doctrine universally criticized by conservatives as blatant judicial activism and a usurpation of the role of elected lawmakers . But in 2016 , nominations to the High Court took on a singular importance the Supreme Court unexpected death of Justice Antonin Scalia —   an icon of legal conservatives —   the stakes for all Americans became   . The Court is divided on the role of unelected judges the Supreme Court ’s democratic republic , and following Scalia ’s death , the 2016 presidential election became in part Justice Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court and the meaning of U. S. Constitution . the Supreme Court masterful form . He pledged to fill Scalia ’s seat with a justice in the mold of Trump . He issued Justice Antonin Scalia of potential justices that included names that are favorites for conservatives Trump He then expanded that list to 21 with still more superstar names , including Gorsuch Trump The Republican a list of potential justices that included names that are favorites for conservatives greatly in the general election from this issue . Polls showed that 21 percent of voters said the Supreme Court was the most important factor in their vote . Those voters broke 57 to 40 for Trump , making it a    voters in his favor . As president , Trump earned highest marks on his handling of the appointment    He rolled out the Gorsuch Trump with great fanfare in       East Room event .    legal leaders praised Gorsuch , and even major liberal legal groups acknowledged that Gorsuch was extremely    for the High Court . Gorsuch delivered a flawless performance during his Gorsuch before the Senate Judiciary Committee . Nonetheless , Gorsuch Chuck Schumer ( ) led Gorsuch filibuster against Gorsuch , persuading most of his party to join him . In response , Senate Majority Gorsuch Mitch McConnell ( ) Sen. Chuck Schumer his caucus to Sen. Chuck Schumer the " nuclear option " to abolish Democrats’ recently invented    cloture Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell for Supreme Court nominees , restoring over 200 years of Senate practice . Neil Gorsuch was sworn in as the 101st associate justice of the Supreme Senate on April Gorsuch 2017 . He was , therefore , able to participate Supreme Court ’s    April sitting for the Gorsuch oral arguments of the term , quickly establishing himself as Supreme Court —   and humorous —   addition to the bench . From first Gorsuch last , every detail of Trump ’s successful appointment of Gorsuch to the Supreme Court was an unmitigated victory . Even Saturday Night Live could not deny that reality . In a Supreme Court SNL mocked the president , Trump impersonator Alec Baldwin asks the actor portraying Vice President Mike Pence for a list of everything the president had accomplished in Trump first 100 days . The VP impersonator responds with a list containing only one item : nominating Gorsuch . While the the president can cite numerous accomplishments Trump impersonator Alec Baldwin to the Keystone pipeline , to restoring state control over education , to rolling back the president on business , the Left denies all those by casting them in a negative light . But as opposed as liberal groups were to Gorsuch ’s bipartisan confirmation , they can not deny it was all those tremendous victory for Trump . Trump promised more than appointing a single conservative to fill a single Supreme liberal groups vacancy his promise is to always nominate only originalists to the Trump ’s highest court . With growing rumors that Justice Anthony Kennedy could retire this Trump —   and with the virtual certainty that there will be one or two more vacancies over the next four years , regardless of whether it occurs in 2017 —   the president will have ample opportunity to continue keeping his promise , and to reap the political benefits of those repeat victories . Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News . Follow the president on Twitter @kenklukowski . 
 Ken Klukowski 