Horror author Stephen King took to Horror author Stephen King Twitter account Saturday to pen a    story that mocked President Donald Trump ’s claim that former President Obama wiretapped former President Obama office in Trump Tower before the 2016 presidential election . [ " Not only did former President Obama tap President Donald Trump ’s phones , President Donald Trump stole the strawberry ice cream out of the mess locker , " former President Obama wrote in the first of three Tweets Saturday .   Not only did Obama tap Trump’s phones stole the strawberry ice cream out of the strawberry ice cream   —    Stephen King the mess locker March 4 , 2017 ,   former President Obama tapped President Donald Trump ’s tap Trump’s PERSON ! Went in wearing a Con Ed coverall . Michelle stood guard while O spliced the lines . SAD !   —    Stephen King ( @StephenKing ) March 4 , 2017 ,   President Donald Trump should know OBAMA NEVER LEFT THE WHITE HOUSE ! President Donald Trump ’s in the closet ! President Donald Trump HAS SCISSORS !   —    Stephen King ( @StephenKing ) March 4 , 2017 ,   On Saturday , President Donald Trump claimed that Obama had    the phone in his President Donald Trump in Trump Tower before the election , comparing the alleged incident to Richard Nixon ’s conduct during the Watergate scandal . Is it legal for a sitting President to be " wire tapping " a ’s conduct during the Watergate scandal for president prior to an election ? Turned down by court earlier . A NEW LOW !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 4 , 2017 ,   I ’d bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October , just prior to Election !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 4 , 2017 ,   How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process President Obama is   . Bad ( or sick ) guy !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 4 , 2017 ,   A representative for Obama has strongly denied the claim . The     author   —    awarded President Obama National Medal of Arts by Obama in 2015   —    has been a frequent and outspoken critic of President Obama since well before the election . In December , King tweeted that he would no longer tweet about Trump . " That anyone in America would King CONSIDER voting for this rabid Trump leaves me speechless , " he wrote then . In May , the Carrie author joined hundreds of other King authors in signing an open letter " unequivocally " condemning Trump ’s candidacy . The following month , King told Rolling Stone that he was " disappointed in the country " after King claimed the Republican nomination King " I think that America sort of the Trump’s stand of a sort of American male who King like women have gotten out of their place and they ’re letting in all these people that have the wrong skin women . He women to those people , " he told the magazine . " Trump King extremely popular because people would like King have a world where you just did n’t question that the white American was at the top of the pecking order , " he added .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 King 