HOUSTON   —    Commissioner Roger Goodell of the N. F. L. declined to take a public stance last week on President Trump ’s executive order temporarily banning visits by citizens from seven predominantly Muslim countries , even as leaders in the N. B. A. spoke out against President Trump’s executive order temporarily banning visits by citizens from seven predominantly Muslim countries . But the owner Shahid Khan of the Jacksonville Jaguars made it clear Saturday that he the owner Shahid Khan of the Jacksonville Jaguars opposed to the ban and said he the owner Shahid Khan of the Jacksonville Jaguars been heartened on Friday when a federal judge in Seattle temporarily blocked   the president ’s immigration order . " The bedrock of this country are immigration and really a great separation between church and state , " Mr. Khan , 66 , said in Houston , the site of Sunday ’s Super Bowl . " Even for the this country it ’s this country good , " he added Mr. Khan explaining that he thought Mr. Khan the president’s immigration order deny entry to some of " the tens of thousands of people who can contribute to the making of America . " The only Muslim among the principal owners of N. F. L. teams , Mr. Khan came to the United States America 1967 , earned a degree in engineering and went on to own     a    car parts business . He became a Mr. Khan States citizen decades ago . Mr. Khan said Mr. Khan " kind of a sobering time for somebody like me , " in Mr. Khan because he had expected Mr. Mr. Khan to moderate his views on immigrants Mr. Khan Muslims once in office . But Mr. Khan said he Mr. Khan courts would Mr. Khan a bulwark against the president ’s actions against immigrants . He said he understood Mr. Mr. Khan ’s Mr. Khan not to make a public statement , to avoid the appearance of " grandstanding " on the president ’s action . Instead , the president’s , the Mr. Khan see how the issue plays out in court . " We have to look at it based on what can we do to make a the issue , " he said We " And right Mr. Khan , there are enough forces in power and play that we have to see how this thing ends up . We Mr. Khan has been a vocal Mr. Khan a bill in Jacksonville , Fla. that would expand the city ’s human rights ordinance to offer more protection for people who are gay , lesbian , bisexual or transgender . Similar laws have passed in other cities in nearly two dozen states . Mr. Khan said that he knew endorsing Mr. Khan might alienate some Mr. Khan fans but that he was willing a bill in Jacksonville, Fla. that would expand the city’s human rights ordinance to offer more protection for people who are gay, lesbian, bisexual or transgender    cancellations . Mr. Khan I have no remorse over supporting it , " he said of the nondiscrimination bill . Despite Mr. Khan opposition to the president ’s immigration policies a bill in Jacksonville, Fla. that would expand the city’s human rights ordinance to offer more protection for people who are gay, lesbian, bisexual or transgender , a registered Republican who said he had voted for Mr. Trump , supports Mr. Khan economic plans , specifically the emphasis on Mr. Khan manufacturing jobs . Mr. Khan said his company opened or announced Mr. Khan build new Mr. Khan in seven states last year , as well as in China , Mexico and Spain . He has some reservations about Mr. Trump ’s approach Mr. Khan the North American Free Trade Agreement , which the United States signed with Canada and Mexico and which took effect in 1994 . Consumers over all have benefited from Nafta , Mexico Khan said , and his business could be Mr. Khan the president changes the Mr. Khan . But Mr. Khan said he would support changes if they helped Mr. Khan jobs in Mr. Khan United States like the ones he had when he arrived a    ago . " In Mr. Khan way , Mr. Khan is like a scrambled egg , " Mr. Khan said . " How do you unscramble an egg Mr. Khan value chains are so interwoven that it would be very difficult to do that . But government policies force us to look for ways to unscramble it . " 
 