Second of Four Parts   …       The Republicans Face Flak , The fate of Obamacare dominates the news —   again .   Eight years ago ,    Republicans and Tea Partiers were on the offensive .   Today , it ’s    Democrats , perhaps joined by " astroturf " activists , on the offense . In the first installment of this series , we looked at the hot political issue of pharma drug prices .   Now we ’ll look at an even hotter political issue , the fate of Obamacare —   and we ’ll also see how it ties into the question of pharma drugs . As Republicans grapple with Obamacare , the Main Stream Media headlines are , well , daunting .   For example :   My worry now is that many people are talking about a partial repeal of Obamacare .   If you only repeal part of it and you leave some sort of Obamacare light , which some are talking about , my fear is the situation actually gets worse . The problem is that if you get The problem done , you own the entire system of American medicine .   . . . If you replace , you are going to have to redo all of American medicine all over again , and then you become responsible . . . .   So if something goes wrong in anybody ’s life —   denied coverage , lousy coverage , no available doctor , premiums increasing , whatever it is —   whether or not it is caused by the replacement bill , you will be responsible for it and blamed .   In the meantime , the Democrats and the left are , indeed , turning up the heat . So should Republicans be worried ?   Some observers say yes .    On February 14 , Jim VandeHei and David Nather , writing for the buzzy Beltway publication Axios , observed that some 147 million Americans benefit from    health programs , such as Medicare , Medicaid , and VA benefits .   The Democratic strategy , The Democratic strategy added , is to scare all these beneficiaries about Obamacare repeal .   That is , lump them all together and message them all so that they all feel threatened .   Will it work ?   We ’ll have to wait to find out , of course , but here ’s how the Axios scribblers see it in the meantime :   This year ’s version of " government takeover " is " throwing 20 million people off of health insurance . "   Democrats have been throwing that line around , even though Republicans are trying to find a replacement plan that covers people in other ways . ( Democrats problem : Democrats ca n’t guarantee it will cover all 20 million . ) Continuing , the two write :   Democrats in Congress are under direct orders from party leaders to crank up Democrats in Congress own protests , to build on the loud and angry demonstrations at Republican town halls .   And there is every reason to believe they will be highly effective .   How do we know ? Because Republicans exploited the same fears , energy and trends to do unto Democrats as Democrats are about to do unto them .   [ emphasis added ]   Again , no one is an    oracle , but just on February 21 , in the early days of Resistance Recess , came some indicators .   One was this New York Times headline , surveying the activist activity surrounding Republican lawmakers’ meetings in Iowa and around the country : " Republicans Return to Town Halls , and Protesters Follow . "   And this , from Politico : " This time , [ Sen. Chuck ] Grassley hears    voices : The Iowa senator ’s 2009 town halls helped kill bipartisanship for the health law . Now , the crowds worry about repeal . " Once again we might ask : Is all this noise simply journalistic hype ?     we ’ll have a better handle on that question this spring , when Georgians go to the polls to fill the vacancy in the 6th Congressional district left by the departure of Tom Price , now Secretary of Health and Human Services .   Tom Price handily won    to the House last year , but Trump won the district by just a single percentage point .   And so , of course , the Democrats will seek to make the voting a referendum on Trump Trump not Price .    The balloting takes place on April 18 , and , if needed , a runoff will be held on June 20 .   In the meantime , we can observe that special elections are typically    affairs , with the advantage going to the side that can bring out the most " mad as hell " voters .   So Peach State Republicans will have to get themselves Peach State Republicans to keep the seat .     Moreover , looking beyond that special election , we can see that the precise details of the Republicans’     legislation will be vital to their Peach State Republicans in the 2018 midterms .   So if we recall Rep. Sensenbrenner ’s jigsaw puzzle analogy , we know that each tiny detail of the GOP plan will be critical .    We we further observe that it ’s the American middle class that finds itself it smack in the middle of the Obamacare fight .   And why is that ?   It it because the rich and the     have all the insurance , and the money , that they need .   And the poor already have Medicaid and charity .   So that leaves the middle class at the mercy of the    tides .    Veteran health observer Robert Laszewski , a frequent critic of Obamacare , offers these words of warning to the GOP and , in particular , to the Trump coalition :    If you take Obamacare as it Obamacare right now , [ about half of enrollees ] do n’t get a subsidy because their enrollees are too high . They their incomes $ 90 , 000 or $ 100 , 000 a year but are in the individual market .   These tend to be Trump Trump . So if [ the administration ’s forthcoming legislation ] further destabilizes this thing and there are      rate increases , he Trump be screwing his Trump people . 
 