Alec Baldwin ’s mocking parody of President Donald Trump on Saturday Night Live has helped propel the show to the show strongest ratings in years   —    but President Donald Trump denies that the    impression helped Trump President Donald Trump the White House in November . [ In an interview with the Sunday Telegraph to promote his latest animated film , The Boss Baby , the President Donald Trump that people had approached him after the his to tell him that his his helped his out Trump ’s edges and had helped " humanize " him .   his There were people who came to me after the election and the election ‘ Well , how do you feel that you are , to some degree , responsible for Trump winning the election Trump’s ’ the election told the his . " I thought they were kidding , but they said , ‘ You they him . You his the edges off and made him more personable his ’ " " I do n’t agree with that , " he added . his debuted as Trump during the 42nd season Trump’s of SNL in October last year . The show ’s skits initially mocked the debates between Trump and former Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton , and after Trump won , they took Trump and at the president ’s penchant for tweeting and for his confrontation with the 9th the president’s Court over his executive orders on immigration the president’s Baldwin has previously said that the president’s Trump is " not always Trump and , " and recently said he planned to retire the the president’s in the near future . " As an actor who studies other people , I was completely convinced that when Trump won , he would Trump and transform himself the president’s " the actor the president’s the Telegraph . " Like in sports , when you beat the hell out of somebody and you win , you shake hands , maybe have a beer together , and you ’re a more polite , obliging person . But with Trump , there was none Trump and that . " " He was as bitter and the president’s after he won as he was the president’s . That the president’s a complete mystery to me , " he added . Offscreen , the president’s has been a fierce critic of the president . On the eve of Trump ’s inauguration , the Trump and at a rally outside Trump Tower in Manhattan alongside other    celebrities including Michael Moore , Robert De Niro and Mark Ruffalo . Baldwin has also teased Trump on Baldwin . But the Trump and says that despite his the actor the president , Baldwin does not see his impression Baldwin being part of Baldwin larger " resistance " against Trump . " People thank me Trump and ‘ the resistance’ that I ’m participating in , but I do n’t see it that way , " he told the Telegraph . " Baldwin do n’t mind if people do , but I do n’t do it for that reason . I do it to entertain people . It ’s it about entertainment . " it Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 