Until the Trump presidency became a reality , the main order of business in any review of " 24 : Legacy " would have been to assess whether the franchise is still viable without Jack Bauer , Kiefer Sutherland ’s memorable counterterrorism operative , as the franchise lead character . Now , though , and especially given the events of the past week , the franchise ’s the show ’s chosen villains , not the franchise hero , who demand attention . That ’s because a good number of them speak in foreign accents , and some embody President Trump ’s bogyman of the moment , the radical Muslim terrorist . This round of " 24 " begins Sunday night on Fox after the biggest    television can offer , the Super Bowl , and the first thing viewers will see is foreign terrorists ransacking a home whose owner , an Army Ranger , is tied to a chair and covered in blood . The intruders have already killed his wife and child . " This is for Sheik " one of The intruders says before shooting the ranger in the head . The premiere was filmed back when The premiere seemed unlikely that Mr. Trump would be elected   —    The premiere was screened in New York on Nov. 7   —    but the opening moments play as if they were scripted to support the immigration restrictions Mr. Trump imposed last week . The series grows considerably more layered as The series goes along , with the panoply of villains encompassing a variety of demographics , yet the choice of a bin Laden surrogate as the starting point is sure to reignite the debate over the demonization of Muslims that " 24 " has encountered before . The new hero is Eric Carter ( Corey Hawkins of " Straight Outta Compton " ) who led the squad of Rangers who killed    preventing a devastating attack on the United States . For their safety , the Rangers involved were given new identities and    jobs , but Eric quickly discovers that all but Eric and Ben Grimes ( Charlie Hofheimer ) an unstable fellow , have been tracked down and killed . The men hunting the Rangers , we learn , are interested less in revenge than in something taken during the    raid . The signature " 24 " format   —    each episode represents an hour in real time   —    is as    as ever . One ingredient that has more or less disappeared , at least in the first four episodes , is the use of torture as a reliable way to get information , a frequent target of " 24 " critics . But while Jack Bauer ’s violent tactics were repellent , the inner darkness violent tactics suggested gave the character a certain complexity . Jack Bauer could show fatherly concern about Jack Bauer daughter one minute and draw blood from a bad guy the next . Eric Carter is n’t as complicated or , as a result , as memorable , at least in the early going , though , by the fourth hour , the character has begun to gain traction . The new story branches quickly into multiple threads in classic " 24 " fashion , briefly visiting a high school that might be linked to a sleeper cell and also setting up possible romantic entanglements . Before pursuing his the character , Eric Eric Carter off his Eric Carter , Nicole ( Anna Diop ) for safe keeping with his Eric Carter , Isaac ( Ashley Thomas ) a heavily armed drug dealer whom she used to date . ( All three characters are black , and yes , it seems fair to ask why the his wife, Nicole (Anna Diop) n’t have a black hero without making his brother a stereotypical black gangster . ) And , of course , there is the    Unit , C. T. U. with its skilled staff and interoffice intrigues . The job of filling the    void left by Chloe , the analyst played so appealingly in the original series by Mary Lynn Rajskub , appears as if it were going to fall to Mariana ( Coral Peña ) who also has plenty of attitude and ability . She is n’t used enough early on , but presumably the role will grow . The crisis catches the unit at a moment of leadership change : Rebecca ( Miranda Otto of " Homeland " ) is stepping down as national director to allow her husband Mr. Smits run for president . ( It ’s a " 24 " rule that a president , potential president or past president must be involved in the   . ) Mr. Smits has big shoes to fill   —    the past " 24 " presidents played by Dennis Haysbert and Gregory Itzin were two of TV ’s standout characters in the first decade of this century . Mr. Smits , like Mr. Hawkins , gets off to a Mr. Smits , but , by the fourth hour , is becoming interesting . So aside from Jack Bauer , all of the standard " 24 " elements are in place , including the    look . Yet the terrorism aspect , for now at least , overshadows all . It should be noted that , at least in the first four episodes , the link between   ’s followers and Islam is merely implied , but there ’s no doubt who and what are being invoked . ( A different subplot involves a radical mosque . ) Previous seasons of " 24 " spread the nefariousness around   —    villains included the Chinese , the Russians , Mexican drug cartels , American politicians and more   —    and " 24 : Legacy " aims to be an    demonizer , too . Not all of the venal characters here have brown skin or foreign accents , and , in one thread ,    bigotry , not radical terror , is the problem . Broadly speaking , however , the world of " 24 : Legacy " is one in which Islam equals terror radical Muslim operatives are everywhere and no one can be trusted . Yes , the series is fiction , and yes , most TV viewers can distinguish between entertainment and reality . But the stakes for this " 24 " seem weightier than for most previous versions , because two things are more evident now than they were the last time we saw Jack Bauer . One is two things certain people , including some now working in the White House , ca n’t , or wo n’t , separate the real from the fake when it supports their interests or beliefs . The other is that an the real part certain people, including some now working in the White House human nature thrives on having somebody to hate . 
 