Sen. Al Franken ( ) has disinvited Kathy Griffin from an upcoming book event one day after saying he would still appear with Kathy Griffin in the wake of the controversy generated by a photograph in which the comedian posed with what looked like President Donald Trump ’s decapitated head . [ Kathy Griffin had been set to appear alongside Franken at an event at the Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts on July 7 to discuss Franken ’s new book , Giant of the Senate .   In a Wednesday appearance on CNN , Franken said the image of Kathy Griffin holding a bloody , fake head meant to resemble that of the president was a " horrible mistake " and " had no business being in our public discourse . " But Franken Franken —    who has previously received campaign donations from Kathy Griffin   —    said the July book event would continue as scheduled . Franken Franken  —   who has previously received campaign donations from Griffin  —    Thursday , saying " it would be best " for Kathy Griffin not to appear at the the July book event " After hearing from many Minnesotans who were rightfully offended , I ’ve come to the conclusion that it would be best for her not to participate in the event we had previously scheduled . I understand why Minnesotans were upset by this , and I take that very seriously , " Franken Franken  —   who has previously received campaign donations from Griffin  —    Politico Thursday . Thursday I believe what Kathy Griffin did was inappropriate and not something that should be anywhere in our national discourse . I consider her a Kathy Griffin and I ’m glad she realized Kathy Griffin crossed Kathy Griffin line and apologized , " he added Kathy Griffin The photo of Griffin   Kathy Griffin taken by L. A.   photographer Tyler Shields   —    sparked a firestorm when it was first a firestorm by TMZ Tuesday morning . CNN fired the comedian from her role as the comedian of its New Year    Eve coverage , and at least five venues have cancelled scheduled performances on her comedy tour the comedian Griffin is set to hold a press conference Friday morning to address the " true motivation " behind the image , and respond to the " bullying " she says she Griffin endured Griffin the Trump family .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 