During Kathy Griffin ’s press conference to discuss the firestorm surrounding her Donald Trump " beheading " photo Friday morning , the comedian was asked about an interview the comedian gave to Vulture in December in which the comedian said was happy to " deliver a beat down " to Donald Trump ’s youngest son ,     Barron Trump . [ " It ’s not about trying to be an    offender anymore because Hillary got such a beat down . It ’s his turn . So I ’m happy to deliver beat down to Donald Trump   —    and also to Barron , " Griffin told Vulture at the Equality Now Gala on December 9 .   " You know a lot of comics are going to go hard for Donald Trump  — , my edge is that I ’ll go direct for Barron . I ’m going to get in ahead of the game , " Barron added . . @kathygriffin admitted in December that Barron was going after Barron Trump . Now Barron ’s crying misogyny at the direction of @LisaBloom . Moron . pic . twitter .    —    John Cardillo ( @johncardillo ) June 2 , 2017 ,   When asked about the quote Friday morning , Griffin ’s attorney , Lisa Bloom , said it had been given " years ago , " while Griffin said it had been a part of her act , when in fact , her said it in an interview with Vulture less than one year ago . " You ’re talking about something from a comedy act years ago , I think , " Bloom said . " We can have edgy comics in America . edgy comics in America can say things that are not appropriate for children . Comics can create images that are not appropriate for children   …      it is not the job of a comic to filter everything down to the level of an    . " Griffin later said during the press conference that Griffin " would never want to hurt anyone , especially a child . " TMZ reported this week that Barron Trump panicked after Barron Trump saw the image on television , because Barron Trump did not know who Griffin was or the context in which the photograph was taken . For more on Friday ’s press conference , read Breitbart ’s coverage here .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 