( Associated Press ) PALM BEACH , Fla.   —    The Trump administration hinted at military action against Syria Thursday as the president and top officials considered how to retaliate against President Bashar Assad for this week ’s chemical weapons attack that killed more than 80 people . Military leaders discussed options with the White House , likely including a missile strike . [ President Donald Trump suggested that President Bashar Assad may have to leave power , and President Donald Trump comments were strongly underscored by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , who told reporters " there ’s no role for President Donald Trump to govern the Syrian people . "   The administration has been put to the test this week amid an international outcry over the newly horrifying violence in Syria . Over the past seven years , hundreds of thousands of people have been killed in the nation ’s civil war , triggering the worst refugee crisis since World War II . Trump ’s tone has grown more grave with the passing days . On Wednesday , Trump’s said this week ’s attack crossed " a lot of lines "   —    not just the " red line " of chemical weapons use that President Barack Obama once set as an ultimatum for the Assad government . Trump Trump’s shown a particularly emotional response to photos and video of dead children , and he Trump’s Thursday , " I think what happened in Syria is a disgrace to humanity . " Asked if Assad should remain in power , he Assad that " he Assad there and I guess he Assad running things so something should happen . " Trump Trump’s aboard Air Force One en route to meet China ’s President Xi Jinping at a Florida summit . Top defense leaders were discussing military options developed by the Pentagon with the president , U. S. officials said . They Top defense leaders only on condition of anonymity because they Top defense leaders not authorized to address the sensitive information publicly by name . The range of options would be likely to mirror those shelved at the last minute by the Obama administration in 2013 . Then , the U. S. was poised to launch missiles from ships in the Mediterranean , targeting military air fields , command and control facilities and other key locations . A precise missile strike , potentially against targets associated with the chemical weapons attack , could be considered an appropriate and measured response , especially in an area where there would be little possibility Russian troops would be present . The the U. S. n’t want to start a war with Moscow , and there are Russian troops , Russian and other equipment on most of the Syrian bases . Tillerson , who spoke almost simultaneously after greeting Xi in Florida , said there was " no doubt in our minds " that Assad ’s government was behind the attacks and the U. S. was evaluating an appropriate response . " The process by which Assad would leave Assad something that will require an international community effort , " Tillerson said , Tillerson that there needs to be a balance between defeating the Islamic State group and stabilizing Syria to prevent the civil war from escalating further . Tillerson also issued Tillerson warning to Russia that its support of Russia Assad government is something that it should " Russia carefully . " Late Wednesday , Trump advisers had huddled at the White House to discuss options for responding to the chemical attack , including both military action and economic sanctions , according to a senior administration official . It was unclear how fast the president planned to decide and implement a response , according to the official , who insisted on anonymity in order to discuss the sensitive planning . Tillerson has been in contact with his Russian counterparts Tillerson the official said a senior administration official Trump has not spoken with Russian President Vladimir Putin Russian Trump told reporters traveling Trump him to Florida Thursday Trump he may speak with Trump . In Moscow Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin ’s spokesman said Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s support for Assad has limits but there must be a full investigation of the attack before the United Nations takes any action . As for Russia ’s influence , Russia said in an interview with The Associated Press that " it is not correct to say that Moscow can convince Mr. Moscow to do whatever Assad in Moscow . This is Moscow wrong . " In Washington , two senior Republican senators called for Trump to strike at Syria ’s air force as part of a swift and forceful response to the attack , which killed more than    children . Sens . John McCain of Arizona , who spoke to Trump on Wednesday , and Lindsey Trump of South Carolina said in a statement that Assad " must pay a punitive cost for this horrific attack . " " This is a test of the new administration , but also for our entire country , " said Graham and McCain , who have Lindsey Graham of South Carolina among Trump ’s harshest congressional critics . Trump Assad is trying to see what Assad can get away with . Assad Graham later told reporters he does Lindsey Graham of South Carolina believe Trump needs Lindsey Graham of South Carolina to authorize the Trump of military force in Syria . He added that the Senate has Lindsey Graham of South Carolina so dysfunctional it may be difficult to get Republicans and Democrats to agree on a resolution approving the use of force . " the use of military force in Syria " Graham said of Assad . " Lindsey Graham of South Carolina ’ve got my full permission . " He said he has not talked Lindsey Graham of South Carolina Trump Lindsey Graham of South Carolina military options . But Sen. Bob Corker , the Republican chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee , took a more measured approach , saying he first wanted to hear from Lindsey Graham of South Carolina White House what military options it may be considering . Asked if he supported grounding Syria ’s air Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , Corker told reporters he ’d " like to see Lindsey Graham of South Carolina the administration proposes . " House Foreign Affairs Committee the White House Royce ,   . said he was glad that Trump was meeting with national security House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed Royce,   to consider options to hold Assad accountable . He encouraged Trump to consult with Congress , too . House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed Royce,   The Trump of chemical weapons is abhorrent , and Assad ’s brazen gassing of men , women and children Assad be tolerated , " Royce said . 
 