Celebrities including Susan Sarandon , Dulé Hill and Lizzy Caplan know why President Donald Trump issued an executive order last week temporarily prohibiting some immigration to the United States   —    it ’s because President Donald Trump ’s working from an alternative , " cursed " Constitution . [ In the latest political PSA from    comedy website Funny or Die released last week , a number of celebrities   —    including Shailene Woodley , Cara Delevingne , Jamie Chung and others   —    lay out the case for why they a number of celebrities  —   including Shailene Woodley, Cara Delevingne, Jamie Chung and others  —    Trump is relying on an old " alternate " Constitution found in a musty old cave .    " We only know of two copies [ of the alternative Constitution ] one of which archaeologists found cradled in the mouth of a large golden    deity hidden in a deep underground cave , " explains West Wing star Hill . " Trump Trump accidentally given the other copy when he Trump a teen . " " He Trump working from the the alternative Constitution he Trump n’t even know it , " the alternative Constitution Delevingne . In the supposed " alternative " Constitution from which Trump Trump working appears the clause : " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , but if a handsome , brave , scared president makes an executive order that favors one religion over another , he shall only a handsome, brave, scared president pure ecstasy . " The PSA marks the latest    entry from Funny or Die after the Will Ferrell and Adam    comedy website became nearly the premiere destination for such videos during the election .    offerings from the website included Adam   comedy website ’s parody music video " Do the Donald " and Katy Perry ’s " Vote Naked " political PSA . Last year , the site released a    " lost " made for TV movie based on Trump ’s bestselling book The Art of the Deal , with Johnny Depp starring as Trump . Watch the full " Alternative Constitution " sketch above .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 