The president charges that the Obama administration conducted surveillance on Trump Tower during the 2016 campaign . The president critics charge The president with making baseless accusations . [ Bernie Sanders labeled Trump ’s claim " delusional , " a Politico article by Bradley Moss calls the notion " preposterous , " and Al Franken dubbed it " ridiculous . " John McCain reentered the fray over the weekend , opining , " The president has one of two choices , either retract , or to provide the information that the American people deserve . "   Put another way , either Barack Obama snooped or Barack Obama did n’t snoop . Trump releasing Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act court requests may go a long way toward proving or disproving his Trump . While forthcoming information may substantiate or invalidate Trump Trump accusation , the general notion that presidents , particularly Democratic presidents , remain above abusing the security apparatus to violate civil liberties of private citizens ranks as , if not delusional , preposterous , and ridiculous , at least slightly naïve . If Barack Obama spied on a political enemy under the guise of spying on a foreign enemy , he finds Barack Obama in Barack Obama company . Contrary to the " shocked , shocked " reactions , presidents other than Richard Nixon abused power to abuse political enemies —   and violate the civil liberties of strangers . President Woodrow Wilson signed the Alien Act , the Sedition Act , Espionage Act , and the Trading with the Enemy Act , which empowered the federal government to send socialist leader Eugene Debs to prison for opposing the draft , to revoke the postal privileges of the American Socialist , the New York Call , and other    publications , and to deport sundry radicals , most notably on the famous " Soviet Ark. " Although the president ’s prejudices recently sparked a reorientation of his legacy the president    liberals , his vindictive the president of federal power to punish adversaries goes barely mentioned . President Franklin Roosevelt , over the objections of " Mr. Republican " Robert Taft , instituted an internment and relocation program for those of Japanese , German , and Italian descent in America . The Korematsu decision , in which six justices —   five appointed to the court and the sixth appointed as chief justice by the 32nd president —   upheld Roosevelt ’s 1942 executive order barring Americans of    including the    Fred Korematsu , from residing on the West Coast . The order and decision regularly receive condemnation from Democrats decades after the fact . In real time , Democrats devised , praised , and upheld the constitutionality of the policy . President John F. Kennedy ’s administration launched a federal invasion of Martin Luther King ’s privacy that ended only with the minister ’s death . The president President John F. Kennedy’s , Attorney General Robert Kennedy , authorized wiretaps and bugs to glean personal information about King . The Martin Luther King’s , himself a man of great appetites , shared stories of King ’s sexual Martin Luther King’s including allegedly attempting to organize a sex party coinciding with 1963 ’s March on Washington , with intimates . The prying says more about the Kennedys than King . But historians Martin Luther King’s n’t say much about the role of the eavesdroppers . Taylor Branch , for instance , maintains that J. Edgar Hoover " manipulated " the Brothers Kennedy into hounding the    leader . This popular narrative imagines that the FBI director ordered around the president and the attorney general rather than the reverse . So many policies decried as infringements on civil liberties by today ’s Democrats came into existence because yesterday ’s Democrats regarded them as enlightened . Democrats Palmer Raids and the McCarran Act got their names from a The Palmer Raids and the McCarran Act Democrat and a conservative Democrat , respectively . Samuel Dickstein , the congressman whose resolution launched the House Committee on    Activities ( HCUA ) actually served as a paid agent of the Soviet Union . Republicans controlled the House , and the House Committee committee , in Republicans four of the 36 years of the    HCUA ’s existence . Democrats jailed Eugene Debs , forcibly relocated Fred Korematsu and barred Joe DiMaggio ’s    from his profession , and authorized Joe DiMaggio’s bugs that mined the most personal details from Martin Luther King ’s private life . But trust them . They do n’t the bugs that mined the most personal details from Martin Luther King’s private life such the bugs that mined the most personal details from Martin Luther King’s private life any longer . 
 