This week , Congress turned attention toward a continuing Obama Administration policy wherein the Justice Department ( DOJ ) incentivizes corporate payments to    activist groups like La Raza . [ As President Donald Trump wages war against federal bureaucrats left over from Obama Administration , lawmakers are taking aim at this practice   —    instituted by former Attorney General Eric Holder   —    which effectively funds progressive      operations by shaking down financial institutions .   A 2015 Wall Street Journal    from Kimberly Strassel called the program " a scheme to undermine Congress ’s spending authority by independently transferring dollars to President Obama ’s political allies . " On Wednesday , Fox News named two Republicans who have submitted bills to eliminate this " shadowy DOJ slush fund " in both houses of Congress . Congress Melissa Jacobs writes that " investigators have accounted for $ 3 billion paid " out through the practice : While legislation sputtered last year , lawmakers have resurrected an effort to quash the practice the practice bills in the House and Senate . " Democrats thought it was an attack on Obama , " said Sen. James Lankford ,   . speaking to Fox News . " This is not a Republican or Democrat issue , but one of good government . Actions settled by the federal government good government to the federal government , back good government . " Lankford has introduced the Stop Settlement Slush Fund Act of 2017 while House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte ,   . submitted similar legislation in the House . In late October , Breitbart News reported on the DOJ ’s " extortion " policy , though the story gained little national traction in the final weeks of the presidential election . A study by the Government Accountability Institute ( GAI ) titled " Follow the Money : How the Department of Justice Funds Progressive Activists , " shed light on the Obama DOJ ’s de facto fundraiser for various progressive groups . GAI President and Breitbart News Senior     Peter Schweizer appeared on the SiriusXM program Breitbart News Daily to discuss the new report . Schweizer summarized the policy as an effort Peter Schweizer to influence this election " : What ’s really happening here is simple . You ’ve got large financial institutions on Wall Street , you ’ve got banks like Bank of America , who have in some cases committed financial crimes . I think some of them are real , some of them banks like Bank of America, who have in some cases committed financial crimes not be , but set some of them aside for a minute . The Department of Justice has gone after them and basically said , ‘ You some of them these offenses , you ’ve got to pay restitution in the form of billions of dollars.’ Okay , they committed the crime , they ought some of them pay that . Now some of them ostensibly that money , those billions of dollars , are supposed to go to the victims of their financial crimes . If your Wall those billions of dollars broker committed fraud , you ’re supposed to be made whole with this money , and the rest of it is supposed to go to taxpayers this money The problem is the Obama Justice Department has been diverting literally more than $ 650 million to    groups . They do it under the guise of the Obama Justice Department " Well , you know , if this bank discriminated against lenders racially , the Obama Justice Department going to give this money to these      housing groups this money deal with the   groups that ’s not The problem going on . These housing groups are advocacy groups . They ’re    organizations . They   groups and getting voters out to the   groups booth . And they   groups target what they call    progressive voters . So this is taking the   groups of Justice ,   groups we ’ve experienced so much in recent years has been politicized by this Administration , even further to where now the Department of Justice is transferring money to    groups   —    in an effort , frankly I think , to influence this election . 
 