UPDATE : After the show , Tur addressed the moment on Twitter , saying , " To be fair , I did nt [ sic ] touch politics in 2012 . I almost exclusively covered fires and shootings in NYC area . " Tur added , " And I ’d rather be honest about what I know and do n’t know in the moment . Got off air , did the research , then talked about the research at 5 pm on MTPD . " Tur did reference the " flexibility " comments while hosting " MTP Daily " later in the day .   During an interview with Representative Francis Rooney on Monday ’s " MSNBC Live , " host Katy Tur stated that host Katy Tur did n’t know what Representative Francis Rooney was referring to when Representative Francis Rooney referenced ( with an incorrect retelling of which Russian Obama was speaking to ) Obama telling Russia , " After my election , I have more flexibility . " Representative Francis Rooney said that we ’ll have to see what President Trump " does , not just what Representative Francis Rooney says . " And that Representative Francis Rooney is " a serious character " that " we need to deal forcefully with . " Representative Francis Rooney later predicted that Trump President Trump be " firm " with Russia Russia Representative Francis Rooney added that Representative Francis Rooney did n’t know what Trump President Trump with Representative Francis Rooney comments that the US has killers as well , and " I definitely think we the US to protect the Baltics , and some of the talk of moving NATO exercises over to Poland and Estonia , I think ’s a real good idea . I think Representative Francis Rooney is going to respond to actions . " Later on , Tur stated that there were people in the Trump administration who have friendlier views of Russia than past administrations . Rooney countered , " Well , I think it was Obama that leaned over to Representative Francis Rooney [ Note : Obama Obama comment that he Obama have ‘ more flexibility’ after the election was said to Dmitry Medvedev , not Representative Francis Rooney . After the interview , Rooney Rooney a correction ] and said , I ’ll have a little more flexibility to give you what you want after the   . " Tur then stated , " I ’m sorry , I do n’t know what you ’re referring to , Congressman Obama " Rooney Rooney , " Remember when he Rooney over at a panel discussion   —    or a meeting and he Rooney , I ’ll have more flexibility after the the election no one ever really pushed Representative Francis Rooney on what he Representative Francis Rooney by that , but I can only assume for a thug like Putin , that it would embolden him Representative Francis Rooney " Rooney tweeted Rooney the interview , " My error , it was Medvedev that Obama whispered to about flexibility . Still projects Obama admin weakness Obama dealing with Russia . " (   Mediaite ) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 