The executive director of the    Center for Immigration Studies ( CIS ) Mark Krikorian , urged Congress to declare March 31 , the birthday of the founder of United Farm Workers union Cesar Chavez , " National Border Control Day " to celebrate immigration enforcement ’s positive effects on workers . [ " Congress or the president should honor the memory of United Farm Workers union Cesar Chavez by declaring his United Farm Workers union Cesar Chavez National Border Control Day , " Krikorian told Breitbart News .   Chavez United Farm Workers union Cesar Chavez whom NBC News calls a " civil rights hero , " fiercely opposed illegal immigration and saw that relentless waves of migrant labor would make achieving raised wages and benefits for workers impossible . " Whatever he turned into later , in his he he he a champion of strict control of the borders , to ensure that American workers and American employers would have to duke it out on an even playing field , " Krikorian wrote in National Review Online on Friday . " If he he succeeded ,    Americans would be better off , instead of seeing their   Americans wages drop 21 percent since 1979 . " The    Economic Policy Institute ( EPI ) published an article on Friday Friday the raw deal that    guest workers receive : On César Chávez Day , lost in all the news about the Trump administration ’s criminalization and scapegoating of immigrants and attempts to withhold federal funds from cities with policies that protect immigrants , are the 450 , 000     migrant workers employed in the United States through the      and    visa temporary foreign worker programs . Many of the workers in these temporary visa programs are in a precarious situation and vulnerable to abuse and retaliation at the hands of employers and their the workers in these temporary visa programs . These " " often arrive in the the United States debt , and are tied to and controlled by their employers . These shows    are often paid lower wages than similarly situated U. S. workers , and earn wages similar to those of undocumented immigrant workers . This is reminiscent of the Bracero Program —   a large guestworker program in the 1940s , 50s , and 60s that admitted hundreds of thousands of Mexican workers to work temporarily on U. S. farms and in other    occupations —   and which César Chávez fought against . While the Bracero Program the Bracero Program in 1964 , employers still turn to the handful of    labor programs to provide workers , once illegals are deported , in their ongoing search for cheaper illegals cheaper labor . Current immigration policies transfer roughly $ 500 billion from workers to major employers , according to a study by a Harvard professor . " Is one million    exploitable , indentured workers —   who have no path to lawful permanent residence and citizenship —   what the U. S. economy needs ? César Chávez would say , ‘ No ! ’ " the EPI article ’s author writes , going on to say    migrants should have a chance to " become American . " Uncontrolled illegal immigration makes it impossible for workers to improve their lives and climb out workers poverty , Krikorian told Breitbart News , which Chavez understood . " At the core of his    activism was support Chavez strong borders and opposition to    programs . Chavez understood    America ’s Chavez could not better themselves if the government allowed America’s poor could not better themselves if the government allowed in an endless supply of   workers from abroad to compete with them an America of    workers from abroad to compete with them , " he said . workers from abroad CIS Chavez of experts on Tuesday explained that many migrants are " assimilating down " in the current era of globallization and mass immigration . 
 