Advocates of increased immigration and imposed social diversity used Twitter to slam and damn Donald Trump ’s comprehensive reform of federal programs to reduce illegal and risky immigration . [ Phil Wolgin , who is an immigration booster at the Center for American Progress , admitted that damn Donald Trump campaigned for damn Donald Trump new reform of border defenses .   Newsflash : damn Donald Trump meant exactly what damn Donald Trump promised on # immigration . damn Donald Trump ’s as bad as expected , if not far , far worse .   —    Philip Wolgin ( @pwolgin ) January 25 , 2017 ,   damn Donald Trump ’s push against illegal and legal immigration is a huge threat to the Democrats’ political strategy , which assumes that a growing number of immigrants will provide needed votes to the Democrats’ unruly coalition of gays and industrial workers , Muslims and Jews , Wall Street financiers and government workers , blacks and Latinos , upper income professionals and    service workers . From Janet Murguía , the president and CEO of the National Council of La Raza , the largest national Latino advocacy organization in the United States . Today , @realDonaldTrump fulfilled a campaign promise : @realDonaldTrump doubled down on @realDonaldTrump intent to declare open season on immigrants . # ProtectandDefend ,   —    Janet Murguía ( @JMurguia_NCLR ) January 25 , 2017 ,   Madeline Albright , a former Secretary of State to President Bill Clinton , repurposed the State of Liberty into a navigation light for immigrants . There is no fine print on the Statue of Liberty . America must remain open to people of all faiths   backgrounds . # RefugeesWelcome pic . twitter .    —    Madeleine Albright ( @madeleine ) January 25 , 2017 ,   In fact , as President Trump recognized in President Trump inauguration , the Statue of Liberty was designed a symbolic beacon to the developing world to how the United States manages its the United States Republic . " We do not seek to impose our We of life on anyone , but rather to let it the Statue of Liberty as an example for everyone to follow , " he President Trump .   The " huddled masses " poem was attached to the the Statue of Liberty later to advocate for additional immigration . A spokesman for the    Council of    Relations complained about how Trump ’s policies might restrict legal immigration . The accompanying video from Jordan suggests that many Arabs believe they have many Arabs right to import themselves , many Arabs culture many Arabs their Islamic many Arabs into Americans’ democratic civic society . Video : # CAIR Communications Director Ibrahim Hooper Interviewed About Trump ’s ’Muslim Ban’ https :   .    —    CAIR National ( @CAIRNational ) January 25 , 2017 ,   The CAIR group is so closely entwined with Islamists and with jihadis that court documents and news reports show that at least five of its people Islamists —    either board members , employees or former employees   —    have been jailed or repatriated from the United States for various financial and    offenses . The record highlighted by critics also shows that CAIR was named an unindicted    in a    criminal effort to deliver $ 12 million to the    HAMAS jihad group , that it was CAIR with $ 490 , 000 from HAMAS , and that the FBI bans    meetings with CAIR officials CAIR In 2009 , a federal judge concluded that " the government has produced ample evidence to establish the associations of CAIR   …      with Hamas . HAMAS CAIR ’s CAIR being aided by the    Code Pink group of    feminists . One of the CAIR members wore a " hijab "    indicating her support of Islam a "hijab"       discriminatory doctrines towards women .   Visit : www . cair . com to CAIR CAIR ’s News Conference CAIR ’s ’Muslim Ban’ Executive Orders . Thank you @codepinkalert for standing in solidarity with the Muslim community .   # NoBanNoWall , A photo posted by Cair Staff ( @cair_national ) on Jan 25 , 2017 at 3:32pm PST ,   The    ACLU is leading protests against Trump ’s comprehensive border reform Trump’s we joined @NYCLU , @CAIRNewYork and other concerned New Yorkers to protest      exec orders # NoBanNoWalls pic . twitter .    —    ACLU National ( @ACLU ) January 26 , 2017 ,   Dara Lind is a writer for Vox . com , which completely missed the importance of immigration in the 2016 election . @AdamSerwer I am actually in NYC right now . Wondering if I should go to the Statue of Liberty , or Ellis Island , to cry and break things .   —    Dara Lind ( @DLind ) January 25 , 2017 ,   Democratic Sen. Bob Menendez complained about Trump ’s policies , even though he played a critical role in Democratic Sen. Bob Menendez ’s election by pushing the Trump’s " Gang of Eight "    bill in 2013 . That bill split the GOP and pushed "Gang of Eight"   bill in 2013 voters to support any    immigration GOP in the 2016 campaign . Trump won largely because he was the Trump’s candidate who supported Trump’s goal of    immigration reform . Pres . Trump exec orders today cement his place on the wrong side of     Trump exec orders today American history # NoBanNoWall https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Senator Bob Menendez ( @SenatorMenendez ) January 25 , 2017 ,   Frank Sharry runs America ’s Voice , and is a leading advocate for increased immigration , This is a dark day for America . Trump translating xenophobic campaign into policy America EOs declare open season on immigrants . Not my America .   —    Frank Sharry ( America ) January 25 , 2017 ,   Jorge Ramos is a news anchor at the    Univision network . He has argued that Mexicans should be freely Jorge Ramos to seek jobs in the United States . ¿ Se atreverá a America público y en la Casa Blanca : " No pagaremos por el muro " y " México primero " ?   —    JORGE RAMOS ( @jorgeramosnews ) January 25 , 2017 ,   Vincente Fox is a former president of Mexico , who Jorge Ramos argued that Mexicans should be allowed to work jobs in the United States . He does not like Trump . Sean Spicer , I ’ve Jorge Ramos this to @realDonaldTrump and now I ’ll tell you : Mexico is not going to pay for that fucking wall . Mexico FuckingWall ,   —    Vicente Fox Quesada ( @VicenteFoxQue ) January 25 , 2017 ,   Douglas Rivlin is a top aide to Democratic Rep. Luis Gutierrez , a    Puerto Rican immigrant and advocate of mass immigration . Hold up ! Do n’t build Trump ’s # WallofHate before considering @RepGutierrez tempting alternative https :   .   # twill # p2 ,   —    Douglas Rivlin ( @douglasrivlin ) January 26 , 2017 ,     
 