Bill Maher calling Bill Maher a " house n * * * * " on Friday ’s episode of Real Time has sparked serious outrage across social media and caused many people , including some prominent black social justice activists , to call for the HBO host to be fired . [ During a conversation with Sen. Ben Sasse ( ) Bill Maher told the lawmaker : " I ’ve got ta get to Nebraska more . "   " You ’re welcome . We ’d love to have you work in the fields with We , " Sen. Ben Sasse jokingly replied . Bill Maher said in response : : " Work in the fields ? Senator , I ’m a house n****. " Met with a mix of groans and laughs from the audience , Bill Maher said , " It ’s a joke . " The internet , however , did n’t find Bill Maher comments funny or his Bill Maher acceptable . Black Lives Matter activist Deray McKesson wrote on Twitter , " But really , @BillMaher has got to go . There are no explanations that make this acceptable . " But really , @BillMaher has @BillMaher to go . There are no explanations that make this acceptable . pic . twitter .    —    deray mckesson ( @deray ) June 3 , 2017 ,   " And why did the audience think it was okay to laugh ? And Ben Sasse does n’t even flinch . What is happening in the world ? " McKesson added Black Lives Matter activist Deray McKesson And why did the audience the audience was okay to laugh ? And Ben Sasse does Ben Sasse flinch . What is happening in the world ?   the world deray mckesson ( @deray ) June 3 , 2017 ,   Netflix ’s Orange is the New Black star Danielle Brooks shared McKesson ’s Black Lives Matter activist Deray McKesson at what Maher said , writing on Twitter : " Unacceptable . And the audience applauds the audience ! So hurtful . " Unacceptable . And the audience applauds ! the audience So hurtful . https :   .    —    Danielle Brooks ( @thedanieb ) June 3 , 2017 ,   Soon , social media was filled with journalists , comedians , and viewers who expressed shock and outrage at Maher . Just a quick reminder that Maher Maher is trash ,   — Maher ( @ByCommonConsent ) June 3 , 2017 ,   Bill Maher got ta go .   — Maher Parker ( @MzGossipGirl ) June 3 , 2017 ,   For me , the jig has been up on Bill Maher for a long time . So , Maher   —    Jemele Hill ( @jemelehill ) June 3 , 2017 ,   Me after watching that clip of Bill Maher pic . twitter .    —    Jamelle Maher @jbouie ) June 3 , 2017 ,   And Ben Sasse   the audience chuckle along with Bill Maher ’s racism   …      https :   . Maher TC ( @tchopstl _ ) June 3 , 2017 ,   I used to love bill maher smh .   —    Ambquisha ( @QueChainz ) June 3 , 2017 ,   Did bill maher really just say he was a house n * * * * ? ? ? ? maher ? ? WHAT IS WRONG WITH HIM ,   —    kat calabrese ( @KatCalabrese ) June 3 , maher ,   Today is the day Bill Maher became president .   —    Michael Ian Black ( @michaelianblack maher 3 , 2017 ,   Some social media users said Maher ’s joke was akin to the    stunt Kathy Griffin pulled earlier this maher when she posed for a shock photo holding up a bloodied , decapitated head of Kathy Griffin Donald Trump . Kathy Griffin : I really fucked up in an attempt to gain attention . Kathy Griffin : Hold my joint   …     . # RealTime # HouseWhat maher —    Wallace Ritchie ( @WallaceRitchie ) June 3 , 2017 ,   " No one can ruin their career faster than Kathy Griffin " Bill Maher   —    Hold my beer , No one —    Jack Kathy Griffin maher ) June 3 , 2017 ,   Kathy Griffin at home right now , thankfully watching Bill Maher like pic . twitter .    —    Behdad Sami ( @iambdsami ) June 3 , 2017 ,   Tiger Woods : Nobody could screw up their career the way I did last weekend .   Kathy Griffin : Hold my beer . Bill Maher Nobody Mind if I join you ?   —    Tennessee ( @TEN_GOP ) June 3 , Bill Maher   This is n’t the first time Maher has dropped the    during a TV broadcast . The     comedian said during a September 2010 interview with Bill Maher King that Republicans referred to President Barack Obama as " Kenyan , " which is " code for n*****. " " That ’s the new Kenyan , Larry . And Kenyan , of course , was code for [ the   ] . But that ’s where they are . Kenyan ca n’t say it out loud . But that ’s where this whole campaign is going to be , they Maher said according to a CNN transcript . During a February episode of Real Time , Maher said , " I do n’t know it for a fact that Jeff Sessions is a big fan of Maher movie Loving because he loves being able to talk about Ruth Negga , " referring to the    star who ’s name sounds similar to the   .   Maher , who is in his 15th season as host of Real Time , has not publicly responded to the controversy . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 