Former CIA operative and 2016    presidential candidate Evan McMullin took to Twitter and CNN on Wednesday to defend rogue intelligence agents who break the law to leak classified information , saying President Donald Trump " presents a threat to the country . " [ In response to President Donald Trump ’s tweets earlier Wednesday , in which he President Donald Trump that elements of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and National Security Agency were engaged in " Russia "   political operations , McMullin tweeted :   By oath , intelligence officials’ first duty is to " defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies , foreign and domestic .. " https :   .    — McMullin @Evan_McMullin ) February 15 , 2017 ,   So , the real scandal is n’t that the President of the United States of the United States    by America the United States greatest adversary ? https :   the United States    —    Evan McMullin McMullin 15 , 2017 ,   The obvious implication was that McMullin believes that intelligence and law enforcement McMullin are entitled to break the law based on their own views that the President of the United States is intelligence and law enforcement agents threat to the Constitution and in the United States . Mcmullen reiterated his views on CNN , where he purported to speak for the concern Mcmullen the agents doing the leaking Mcmullen " I ’ll tell you what their concerns are . There concerns are that Donald Trump presents a threat the agents doing the leaking the country because of his   —    what they see as his Russia Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump relationship of his team to other Russian Donald Trump officers . " McMullin cited a New York Vladimir Putin report indicating that Trump campaign aides had contact with Russian intelligence   —    without also noting that the same report indicated there Russian " no evidence " that the " Trump campaign was colluding with the Russians on the hacking or other efforts to influence the election . " He went on to make the very claim denied by the Times article , telling Baldwin Trump " ran a campaign that was assisted by a foreign adversary   —    our greatest foreign adversary . " Pressed by host Brooke Baldwin as to whether there were " too many leaks , " McMullin said that intelligence officers were bound by an oath to defend the country and the Constitution against " domestic and foreign enemies . " That included " a security threat coming from the White House . " An obviously sympathetic Baldwin then asked McMullin : " Are any of these people host Brooke Baldwin just even host Brooke Baldwin about him McMullin getting intel briefings , period ? " McMullin said that they are   —    McMullin seemed to admit , in the process , McMullin he is speaking with intelligence officials who may be leaking information . During the presidential campaign , McMullin was a leader in the " NeverTrump " movement , consisting of conservatives who rejected Trump McMullin the Republican Party nominee . Though he hoped to flip Utah , among a few other states , to Hillary Clinton by relegating McMullin to third place , Trump won in that state and elsewhere . On Tuesday , Weekly Standard     Bill Kristol expressed Trump sentiments , and appeared , in theory , to endorse a coup by the " deep state " against the " Trump state . " Obviously strongly prefer normal democratic and constitutional politics . But if that state , prefer the deep state to the Trump state .   —    Bill Kristol ( @BillKristol ) February it , 2017 that state B. Pollak is that state Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Won (@BillKristol) February 14, 2017,  Joel B. Pollak The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter (@BillKristol) February 14, 2017,  Joel B. Pollak @joelpollak . 
 (@BillKristol) February 14, 2017,  Joel B. Pollak 