Democrats were seething Tuesday night over President Donald Trump ’s decision to nominate Judge Neil Gorsuch to the U. S. Supreme Court , claiming that President Donald Trump’s " stole " the seat from President Barack Obama . [ In a fundraising email , the Democratic National Committee said ( original emphasis ) :   Judge Gorsuch ’s    the U. S. Supreme Court nominee , has a legal history that shows a deep sympathy for corporate interests and an apparent disdain for workers . Donald wants to put Judge Gorsuch in the Supreme Court seat the GOP stole from President Obama . Add your name to tell the Senate to reject his nomination . As an attorney , Judge Gorsuch routinely represented big businesses Judge Gorsuch action lawsuits . As a judge on the Tenth Circuit , he wrote a concurring opinion in Hobby Judge Gorsuch v. Sebelius   —    the case that allowed employers to deny basic health care coverage to women by ruling the Affordable Care Act ’s contraceptive mandate was unconstitutional . He upheld a decision that denied    Judge Gorsuch benefits to a worker who sustained a    injury that required spinal surgery .    even dissented from a ruling in Judge Gorsuch of a truck driver whose employer illegally fired him for abandoning a trailer with locked Judge Gorsuch   —    so he would n’t freeze to death . Judge Gorsuch as a member of the    " Federalist Society , " Gorsuch believes in severely restricting the power that federal agencies like the EPA have to regulate businesses . It ’s not hard to see why Trump loves him so much   —    but Trump where we ’re sitting , Joel , Judge Gorsuch has no business on the Gorsuch bench . Republicans declined to move Obama ’s nominee , Judge Merrick Garland , through the Senate , based on the principle   —    articulated by   . Joe Biden ( ) decades before   —    that a Supreme Court Justice should not be confirmed in the last year of a lame duck administration . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most Joel B. Pollak " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Won : Joel B. Pollak Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 