Wednesday during the Senate Foreign Relations Committee ’s hearing for    Donald Trump ’s Secretary of State nominee , former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson , Sen. Bob Menendez ( ) criticized   Donald Trump proposed border wall by saying , " The last time a country tried to wall itself a country from a neighbor was in Berlin in 1961 . And that Trump’s proposed border wall constructed by communist East Germany . "   Partial transcript as follows : MENENDEZ : Let me turn to Mexico , a little different part of the world than we have been discussing . Some of us care we the Western Hemisphere . Last week the    stated any money spent on the wall Trump’s proposed border wall paid by Mexico . Mr. Mexico , build a wall on the southern border and having Mexico pay for Mexico has been a wall on the southern border hallmark chant at Trump rallies . Now the    says the    people will pay for it and have Mexican a wall on the southern border us . I also the American people to point out the last time a country tried to wall itself completely from a a country was in Berlin in 1961 . And that wall was constructed a wall on the southern border East Germany . The former Mexican president last week tweeted that    —    somehow we are conducting foreign policy by tweets these days   —    that ‘ Trump may ask whoever he wants but still neither Trump nor Mexico are going The former Mexican president pay for his racist monument . Another Trump he ca n’t keep.’ Close Trump . As you ’re well aware , the    has repeatedly referred to Mexican citizens who have come to the United States as saying they ’re sending , quote the United States ‘ people that have lots of problems and they ’re bringing those problems the United States them . problems bringing the United States , the United States ’re bringing crime , the United States ’re rapists and some the United States some I assume are good people.’ So Mr. Tillerson , do you think Mexicans are criminals drug dealers and rapists ? TILLERSON : I would never characterize an entire population of people with any single term at all . MENENDEZ :   Do you think that those comments help our relationship with Mexico , our third largest trading partner , our trading partner that represents $ 583 billion in trades of goods and services , including our second largest goods export market our TILLERSON : Mexico is a    TILLERSON and Mexico of this country . MENENDEZ :   Mexico that MENENDEZ:   your job as secretary of state , does it , if you are to achieve nomination ? your job as secretary of state : Well , we ’re TILLERSON to engage with Mexico because of their importance to us in this Mexico hemisphere and we have many we issues of concern . Follow we Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 