Thursday on CNN ’s " The Lead , " 2008 GOP    nominee and former Governor of Alaska Sarah Palin said on the mark of President Donald Trump ’s first 100 days in office Sarah Palin was " extremely thankful that he has been elected . "   Partial transcript as follows : TAPPER : So let me ask you , we ’re approaching President Trump ’s 100th day . It will be a week from Saturday . What do you think ? What kind of grade would you give him ? PALIN : I ’m obviously extremely thankful that him because , you know , so many of us in America knew that the status quo had to go . And we could not us another term of Obama via Hillary Clinton ’s presidency if she were to Hillary Clinton’s elected . So very thankful Trump was elected . Thankful that he understands that him expect America to be America and to be strong in order for the world to be more peaceful and more safe , more secure . So very thankful Trump is fulfilling Trump lot of the promises that he made to Trump , not from behind but to have America lead from America front , letting the rest of the world know the world you know , we expect peace in this world . We the world want to we to intervene in other nations . We do n’t want to we to intervene and try this regime change throughout other lands , and we can get to that we long as America is safe America secure and is a leader on the globe , and that to me is Trump ’s mission , which I appreciate . TAPPER : But they have called for regime change in Syria . PALIN : Well , I think what the objective is though is to not have to intervene and tell any other country who should rule and how they should live and whether they should have a democracy they the people or not . And we ’re able to , like I say , get there by leading as an example , having our own ports swept , we you will , in America before we ’re over there telling we countries they better sweep their porch other countries We have other countries get it we here in America , be safe , America secure , be sovereign and solvent so we can be that shining we , an example for other countries . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 