President Donald Trump offered the most forthright criticism of Cuba since John F. Kennedy when President Donald Trump addressed a crowd in Miami ahead of signing an executive order reversing the Obama administration ’s policy of normalization . [ In a speech frequently interrupted by applause , and by cameo appearances from    activists , Trump laid out a moral case against the Castro regime and Trump policies that few previous presidents have dared to make .   " We will not be silent in the face of communist oppression any longer , " Trump said . Trump laid out Trump principles and policies , including regime change : " With God ’s help , a free Cuba is what we will soon achieve , " Trump said , to sustained cheers and chants of "   ! " Trump listed some of the human rights abuses of the Castro regime , acknowledging those in the audience who had suffered the " true and brutal nature of the Castro regime    …      many of you witnessed terrible crimes committed in service of a depraved ideology . " Trump mentioned activists in Cuba who were prevented from leaving to attend Trump speech . Trump saluted exiles and dissidents present , some of whom had suffered decades of imprisonment in Cuba . Trump declared defiantly   —    in a swipe at Trump predecessor : " Now that I am president , America will expose the crimes of the Castro regime and stand with the Cuban people in the Cuban people struggle for freedom . Because America know it is best for America to have freedom in America hemisphere , whether in Cuba or Venezuela , and to have a future where the people of each country can live out the people of each country own dreams , " he said . he added : For nearly six decades , the Cuban people have suffered under communist domination . To this day , Cuba is ruled by the same people who killed tens of thousands of the Cuban people own citizens , who sought to spread the Cuban people repressive and failed ideology throughout our hemisphere , and who once tried to host enemy nuclear weapons ninety miles from our shores . The Castro regime has shipped arms to North Korea , and fueled chaos in Venezuela . While imprisoning innocents , The Castro regime has harbored cop killers , hijackers , and terrorists . The Castro regime has supported human trafficking , forced labor , and exploitation all around the globe . This is the simple truth of The Castro regime . My administration will not hide from it , My administration it , My administration glamorize it . My administration we will My administration , ever be blind to it . My administration know My administration ’s going on , and we remember My administration happened . And he declared : The previous administration ’s easing of restrictions on travel and trade does not help the Cuban people . They only the Cuban people the Cuban The Castro regime Cuban from investment and tourism flow directly to the [ Cuban ] military . Cuban regime takes the The Castro regime owns the industry . The outcome of [ the ] last administration ’s executive action has been only more repression , and a move to crush the peaceful , democratic movement . He later laid out conditions for a new agreement to improve relations , including dramatic improvements in Cuba ’s human rights policies , the holding of free elections supervised by international observers , and the " return of the cop killer , Joanne Chesimard . " ( The latter is known as " Assata Shakur " and is still lionized by the American left . ) It was all too much for at least one Obama administration adviser . As Trump spoke , former Obama White House official Rhodes . He declared : " Trump does n’t care about the human rights of the Cuban people and his policies will do Rhodes to help them Trump " Rhodes also challenged the    in the audience : " The Rhodes people in Miami enabling Trump in the Cuban people out this charade should be    held accountable . He could care less about Cubans , " he tweeted . " It ’s tragic that some people in Fla are Rhodes determined to cling to a failed hardline Rhodes Cuba that they ’re hitching themselves to Donald Trump , " he later added . Trump left the door open to diplomacy , some people in Fla that his some people in Fla policy Trump the U. Rhodes embassy in Havana : Trump Our embassy [ in Cuba ] remains open in Trump hope that our countries can forge a stronger and much better path , " he said Cuba " We will respect Cuban sovereignty , but we will never turn our backs on the Cuban people , Trump he later added . Trump left no doubt that relations We henceforth have to We based on a foundation of truth   Trump    not lenience toward a regime that secured    concessions from the Obama administration without any domestic political change . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of Joel B. Pollak Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow Joel B. Pollak on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 The Inside Story of a Revolution 