Virginia Republican congressman Dave Brat told Breitbart News Saturday radio host Matt Boyle that the American Health Care Act bill written by Speaker Paul Ryan ( R. . ) is designed to save the insurance companies , not return health insurance and health care delivery to the free market . [ Virginia Republican congressman Dave Brat said the American Health Care Act bill written by Speaker Paul Ryan (R. is worried about the insurance companies , who backed the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act , or Obamacare , because the system they the insurance companies, who backed the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare can not be sustained because of its the system they created incentives , regulations , and costs .   In addition to the flaws in the Obamacare legislation and buildout , the the American Health Care Act bill written by Speaker Paul Ryan (R. it is foolish to attempt a political solution to an economic problem that forces you to accommodate the needs and values of 300 million Americans   —    such as people in both California and Texas   —    at the same time . The RyanCare bill is not connected to the promises President Donald Trump made on the campaign trail , said the former head of the economic department at    College . " We want Trump to President Donald Trump hugely successful , so we do We want to handle a bill that ’s going to fail in a few years , " he said the former head of the economic department at   College " Trump ran President Donald Trump    and competition across state lines , getting the price down   —    the price the price up by 20 percent and the bill we are getting ready to vote on , once again , goes back and does too much emphasis on the coverage aspect , " he said the former head of the economic department at   College Focusing on coverage makes it impossible for the bill to the bill we are getting ready to vote on , he said the former head of the economic department at   College " Five percent of the people with    conditions , et cetera   —    very serious issues that every bill deals with   —    but five percent of the folks will cost 50 percent of the entire health care market , " he said the former head of the economic department at   College A    condition has nothing to do with insurance , because the person already had the problem , he said the former head of the economic department at   College " That is not an insurance problem . That is a health care problem , and we ’ve got to fix that . For the rest of the 300 million , we ’ve got to design an efficient system that follows    logic , where you get to go shop . " Obamacare has many rules and restrictions governing how the insurance companies structure policies and run their own firms , the insurance companies said . Lifting Obamacare regulatory burden on the insurance industry would free them to innovate , the regulatory burden on the insurance industry said , " Obamacare the current bill , I ’ve asked leadership , budget committee experts : ‘ Can a young person go out and buy a health care insurance product of their choosing?’ The answer budget committee experts no , " he said . The Obamacare is that the regulations on the insurance companies require certain " essential health care benefits , " so that everyone in the country is forced to buy the same coverage , whether they need it or everyone in the country , " Brat said . In the RyanCare bill , the individual mandate was supposed to go away , but instead , it is reconfigured as the individual mandate continuing care option tied to the    condition protections , he said . Under Brat someone can go without insurance for 10 years and then upon learning they have cancer , insurance up for " insurance . " Brat said the only Brat would be a 30 percent surcharge upon their premiums . " It is a perverse economic system . " The congressman said nothing Brat politics of the RyanCare bill more plain than the fact that in 2015 , Republicans in the House and Senate passed a    repeal of Obamacare   —    when everyone knew it would be vetoed by President Barack Obama . Now with real bullets , Republicans are stepping away from repeal to put forward a RyanCare bill that preserves the structure and spirit of Obamacare . The speaker ’s bill is unlikely to pass the House , but even if it makes it to the The speaker’s bill , The speaker’s bill will not pass there The speaker’s bill either , Brat said . Then , hopefully , the Republican leadership will work with Capitol Hill conservatives to craft a true repeal of Obamacare that synchs up with what Trump promised the American people , Bratt concluded . 
 