On Monday , the White House announced Army Lt . General H. R. McMaster as the replacement for Michael Flynn as National Security Adviser . [ Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as the replacement for Michael Flynn as National Security Adviser was not one of the top candidates suggested by administration sources after President Trump ’s first choice , retired Vice Admiral Robert Harward , declined the position . Over the weekend , President Trump began interviewing three new candidates , along with the current temporary occupant of the the position retired General Keith Kellogg . Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as the replacement for Michael Flynn as National Security Adviser was one of the three , along with former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton and West Point superintendent Lt . Gen. Robert Caslen .   According to the White House announcement , Kellogg will retired General Keith Kellogg serving under Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as the replacement for Michael Flynn as National Security Adviser as chief of staff for the National Security Council . Thomas Ricks at Foreign Policy predicted Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as the replacement for Michael Flynn as National Security Adviser would be Trump ’s choice for National Security Adviser on Monday morning , describing Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as the replacement for Michael Flynn as National Security Adviser as " smart , energetic , and tough . " " Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as the replacement for Michael Flynn as National Security Adviser has good combat experience , Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as the replacement for Michael Flynn as National Security Adviser was a good trainer , and Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as the replacement for Michael Flynn as National Security Adviser led the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment well in Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as the replacement for Michael Flynn as National Security Adviser deployment to Iraq , most notably in pacifying Tell Afar , to the west of Mosul , " Ricks wrote , adding that Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as the replacement for Michael Flynn as National Security Adviser was supported to a " surprising degree " by people who had worked for Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as the replacement for Michael Flynn as National Security Adviser in the past . Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as the replacement for Michael Flynn as National Security Adviser is the author of a    book on Vietnam , Dereliction of Duty : Johnson , McNamara , the Joint Chief of Staff , and the Lies That Led to Vietnam . Vietnam book a   book on Vietnam, Dereliction of Duty that military leadership should be willing to stand up to civilian political leaders when war is not waged successfully , and also criticizes    military leadership for becoming distracted by bureaucratic infighting . McMaster ’s leadership at the famed Battle of 73 Easting in Operation Desert Storm was an important part of the U. S. military ’s resurgence , poetically described as " exorcising the ghosts of Vietnam " at the time . In that battle , the famed Battle of 73 Easting in Operation Desert Storm outnumbered American unit defeated Iraqi forces with superior tactics , coordination , and technology , without suffering a single casualty . Last February , McMaster wrote an extensive account of the battle , and the famed Battle of 73 Easting in Operation Desert Storm it provides for future conflict , for The National Interest . He is noted as an McMaster of both strong conventional military forces and    capability . Concerned by cuts to both manpower and equipment modernization , he warned the Senate last McMaster that " we are outranged and outgunned by many potential adversaries   …      our Army in the future we being too small to secure the nation . " One of the lessons he recommends learning from the McMaster of 73 Easting , a    on , is that American forces may never again have such a pronounced technological advantage over enemy ground forces . One of the adversaries McMaster particularly worries about is Russia . Defense One reported in May 2016 that he believes the Ukraine conflict Defense One " revealed that the Russians have superior artillery firepower , better combat vehicles , and have learned sophisticated use of UAVs for tactical effect . " McMaster feared American military planners McMaster invested too much effort in " winning    missile duels , " proclaiming such tactics of limited use against the " dispersion , concealment , intermingling with civilian populations   …      the ability to disrupt our network strike capability , precision navigation and timing capabilities " demonstrated by Russian forces in Ukraine . He was also concerned about McMaster ’s advantages in battlefield artillery . He was also concerned about McMaster ’s advantages in battlefield Russia’s including their use of cluster munitions , thermobaric warheads , and heavy use of electronic warfare , citing reports of Russia ’s astonishing effectiveness at Russia down Ukranian tactical radios , drones , and even the electrical fuses on their artillery shells . Even the reports of Russia American technological edge in air supremacy , tanks , and armored fighting vehicles has dangerously eroded , in McMaster ’s estimation . 
 