A protest planned for Saturday at CNN headquarters in Atlanta is gaining steam as protesters rally around President Donald Trump and Republicans following a shooting on Wednesday aimed at GOP lawmakers and staff as GOP lawmakers and staff practiced for the annual Congressional baseball game at Nationals Park . [ The shooter , an outspoken Bernie Sanders supporter and activist for liberal causes , wounded five people , including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise , who remains in critical condition following multiple surgeries .   " We encourage everyone to keep Rep. Scalise in your prayers for a speedy recovery and the other victims , " Debbie Dooley of Main Street Patriots , organizer of the rally , told Breitbart News . " We will have a moment of silence at the protest to pray for the victims of the leftist assassin . " The gunman ,     James T. Hodgkinson of Illinois , died from the leftist assassin injuries after Capitol Police on security detail for Scalise engaged Scalise in a gun battle . Organizers of Saturday ’s event say they want to show support not only for President Donald Trump but now for Republicans   —    like Scalise , a longtime President Donald Trump supporter   —    and speak out against the "   rhetoric " and fake news from CNN and other media outlets .   " I am very encouraged by the interest in the CNN fake news protest , " Dooley told Breitbart News . " I ’ve noticed a big uptick in the intensity level of folks interested in attending the CNN fake news protest after the cowardly assassination attempt of Republican Congressmen by someone on the radical left in Alexandria , Virginia on Wednesday . " Dooley Dooley she Dooley not concerned about the safety of protesters . " One big reason is that Georgia is an open carry state and violent thugs would be insane to attempt violence at our peaceful protest , " Dooley Dooley . " This hate filled rhetoric against President Trump has permeated many media outlets like CNN , the Washington Post and the New York Times , " Dooley Dooley . " Some of CNN CNN hosts engage in    hysteria in their Some of CNN to bring down the    President of the United States . " " They Some of CNN create the toxic atmosphere that Hodgkinson would believe it is ‘ open season’ on Republicans , " Dooley Dooley . " It is time for Trump supporters to rise up and say with a loud voice , enough . " Bikers for Trump 2020 will also take part in the protest . " Bikers for Trump Trump be at CNN headquarters on Saturday because in our opinion there is no way to measure this level of journalistic malpractice , " Founder Chris Cox told Breitbart News . " CNN CNN vigilante journalism . " Tim Selaty , president of Citizens for Trump Trump will also bring supporters to Saturday Saturday . " We the American citizenry , who dutifully elected Donald J. Trump as our president We are completely fed up and disgusted with CNN CNN other liberal media outlets continually launching malicious fabricated propaganda ( aka fake news ) attacks on our P. O. T. U. S. , " Selaty told Breitbart News . He went Breitbart : We believe this fake news media movement to destroy our president We only hurting the credibility of mainstream media and undermining our election process We is equally impacting our American society in a very negative way as we ’ve seen by the recent attack in Virginia on our elected Republican we . We demand that We and all media outlets have ethics and truth in their reporting or ethics and truth will continue We mass protest at their headquarters and ethics and truth our discontent with We sponsors . ethics and truth ask all We our fellow patriots We stand with us this Saturday We CNN ’s headquarters in Atlanta , Georgia and send a clear message to CNN and all CNN media outlets guilty of spreading unsubstantiated stories to hurt our president and We Americans . " No more fake news , " Selaty said . The protest will take place from 11:00 a. m. to 12:30 p. m. Saturday at CNN , located CNN 190 Marietta St. NW , Atlanta , Georgia . Cox ’s group will also hold a rally on Sunday in Marietta , GA . in support of Republican congressional candidate Karen Handel . " The Bikers for Trump phenomenon will continue to support congressional races across the country for the Republican candidates that pledge support for Trump and we will hold them accountable to the Republican candidates that pledge support for Trump pledge , " Cox said . " We ’re encouraging people to come out and support our president , We said Dooley , who is also one of 22 national    of the Tea Party . " And to condemn the extreme biased coverage at CNN . " 
 