LOS ANGELES   —    Now LOS ANGELES ’s war : Nickelodeon , once again winning the children ’s ratings race against Disney Channel , has decided to throw the children’s weight behind . .. a princess . Nickelodeon has always had Nickelodeon share of magical kingdoms , but Nickelodeon has tended to leave the princess business to Disney . ( And what a business it is , generating an estimated $ 5 . 5 billion a year in merchandise revenue alone . ) But here comes " Nella the Princess Knight , " which Nickelodeon will introduce Nickelodeon Monday in a programming block for preschoolers . The    Princess Police , mostly academics who use Snow White , Sleeping Beauty and their slender ilk to make   points about their negative impact their young girls , have been a perennial thorn in Disney ’s side , even as the company has Disney and Latina royals , along with a preschool one , " Sofia the First . " Will Nickelodeon now find itself in a similar Will Nickelodeon ? Maybe not . The    Nella pushes boundaries , at least for television aimed at     in the areas of race and gender . She is biracial , The   Nella a black father and a white mother , a decision informed by Nickelodeon research indicating that Nickelodeon children under 12 will be nonwhite by 2020 and that already 17 percent are biracial . The character also mashes together traditional boy and girl gender norms . Nella may ride a unicorn with a pink mane ( à la My Little Pony ) but she does it while Nella a a unicorn and wearing knight gear , a bit like a preschool version of Brienne of Tarth from " Game of Thrones . " She is a girlie Nella but does traditional boy activities ( battling a dragon ) and does not spend the majority of her time in a Nella gown . Nickelodeon ’s princess may strike some adults as subversive , particularly given the surge of conservatism that helped push Donald J. Trump into office . But children see    families and the blurring of gender lines as normal , said Cyma Zarghami , Nickelodeon Ms. Zarghami , ‘ Oh , look   —    she ’s biracial,’ but our Nickelodeon’s princess just say , ‘ That looks like my friend,’ " she said . " An Nickelodeon’s princess generation was taught tolerance , and this audience is demanding difference , " said Ms. Zarghami . She led Nickelodeon to ratings strength Nickelodeon 2016 among total viewers Ms. Zarghami children ages 2 to 11 , even as competitors like Disney Channel and Cartoon Network recorded sharp     drops . ( According to Nielsen , Disney still has a big lead among viewers 6 to 14 . ) She added , " This series seems to be taking on Ms. Zarghami life of its own , which is incredibly exciting . " 
 Disney 