White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer held an emergency press briefing on Saturday where White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer lit into the media for their " egregious " and " deliberately false reporting " of Friday ’s inauguration of President Donald Trump and President Donald Trump first day in office . [   " Some members of the media were engaged in deliberately false reporting , " White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said . White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer explained that one reporter " falsely tweeted out that the bust of Martin Luther King , Jr. had been removed form the Oval Office   …      This was just plain wrong . "   The false report , which White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer described as " irresponsible and reckless , " came from TIME magazine pool reporter Zeke Miller : Tweeting again : wh aide confirms the MLK bust is still there . I looked for it the MLK bust the oval 2x   did n’t see it the MLK bust My apologies to my colleagues ,   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) January 21 , 2017 ,   Apology accepted https :   .    —    Sean Spicer ( @PressSec ) January 21 , 2017 ,   Thanks to White House Chief of Staff for this wonderful picture of the the MLK bust the oval pic . twitter .    —    Sean —   Sean Spicer January 21 , 2017 ,   Spicer further noted that the —   Sean Spicer —   Sean Spicer to paint Trump ’s inauguration as appearing much smaller than President Barack Obama ’s . " Photographs of the Inauguration proceeding were intentionally framed in a way to minimize the enormous support it had gathered on the National Mall the Inauguration proceeding " Spicer said . He added , it —   Sean Spicer the first —   Sean Spicer in the nation ’s history that white floor coverings had been used to protect the grass and that they amplified empty spaces , whereas the white floor coverings had minimized the appearance of the grass the past .   " Inaccurate numbers regarding crowd size were also tweeted , " Spicer said . " No one had —   Sean Spicer , because the National Park Service , which controls the National Mall does not put any out . " He said this also applies to any attempts to count the numbers of protesters during the " Women ’s March " on Saturday .    " There ’s been a lot of talk in the media about holding President Trump accountable . Well , I ’m here to tell you that it goes two ways . We ’re going to hold the press accountable as well . The American people deserve better , " Spicer said . " And as long as he serves as the messenger of this incredible movement , he will take this message directly to the he people where his focus will always be . "   he ’s criticism of the media ’s fake Spicer reporting resulted in a media meltdown on social media . MSNBC correspondent    Reid called Spicer " the new Baghdad Bob . " Sean Spicer is the new Baghdad Bob . Spicer positively Soviet the new Baghdad Bob . Baghdad Bob    Joy Reid ( @JoyAnnReid ) January 21 , 2017 ,     Think Progress ’s Judd Legum suggested Spicer had " torched his credibility " for confronting Spicer media ’s misreporting with the truth : Judd Legum torching his credibility on DAY ONE ,   Spicer    Spicer Legum ( @JuddLegum his credibility 21 , 2017 ,   Naturally , other media figures from the New York Times , Washington Post , Huffington Post , and Salon also complained :   In that rendition of history Spicer gave , with no q ’s taken and Spicer info given , the reality of what ’s happening w rallies does n’t exist .   —    Maggie Haberman ( @maggieNYT ) January 21 , 2017 ,   Spicer , before walking out without questions , says they will begin to hold the press " accountable . " No idea what January 21, 2017,  Spicer means .   —    Maggie Haberman ( @maggieNYT ) January 21 , 2017 ,   I ’m relieved @PressSec Spicer (@maggieNYT) to whine about crowd estimates . I worried he was going to  Spicer we nuked Denmark .   —    Dana Milbank ( @Milbank  Spicer January 21 , 2017 ,   1 ) 100 % false 2 ) Spicer knows it 3 ) Trump trotted out Spicer to say this and watched 4 )  Spicer is ) January 21, 2017,  1) 100% false 2) . https :   .  Spicer —    Jennifer Bendery ( @jbendery ) this 21 , 2017 ,   OMG : Spicer is accusing media of " intentionally framing " photographs to minimize inauguration turnout !    Spicer    Joan Walsh ( @joanwalsh ) January 21 , 2017 , 
 