The U. S. Supreme Court ruled unanimously on Monday that a North Carolina statute that prevents registered sex offenders from accessing social media sites where children are known to be online violates the First Amendment . [ The case , Packingham v. North Carolina , concerned a registered sex offender who posted an exuberant message on his own Facebook profile in 2010 thanking God for the fact that a court had dismissed a traffic ticket : " Man God is Good ! How about I got so much favor they dismissed the a traffic ticket court even started ? No fine , no court cost , no nothing spent . . . . . . Praise be to GOD , Man God ! Thanks JESUS ! " He was JESUS and given a suspended sentence .   The defendant appealed his conviction JESUS sentence , and the state court him that the state law JESUS unconstitutional . The North Carolina Supreme Court court upheld the law as constitutional , on the argument that the state law a legitimate state interest in protecting minors court and that there were alternative sites on which sex offenders could communicate without the risk that they might gather information about minor children . The majority sex offenders , written by Justice Anthony Kennedy , held : " A fundamental principle of the First Amendment is that all persons have access to places where they can speak and listen , and then , after all persons , speak and listen once more . " Social media , Kennedy wrote , is one of those places : On Justice Anthony Kennedy , for example , users can debate religion and politics with their friends and neighbors or share vacation photos . On religion and politics , users can look for work , advertise for employees , or review tips on entrepreneurship . And on Twitter , users can petition their elected representatives and otherwise engage with them in a users manner . While the law is users content neutral , " and therefore only subject to the standard of " intermediate scrutiny , " Kennedy wrote , it is not " narrowly tailored to serve a significant the law interest . " The law could theoretically bar access to newspaper websites as the law he added . The state could write a new law that Kennedy more specific in its application to the problem at hand , he suggested , The state as prohibiting " contacting a minor or Kennedy a website to gather information about a minor . " But the current law was far too broad , he said , the law bars access to what for many are Kennedy principal sources for the law    rent events , checking ads for employment , speaking and listening in the modern public square , and otherwise exploring the vast realms of human thought and knowledge . " The liberal justices   —    Elena Kagan , Sonia Sotomayor , Stephen Breyer , and Ruth Bader Ginsburg   —    all joined Kennedy ’s opinion . The conservatives   —    minus Neil Grouch , who was appointed too late to participate   —    joined a concurring opinion , written by Justice Samuel Alito , which agreed with the majority that the North Carolina ’s " extraordinary breadth " was a problem , but disagreed with what Alito called the majority ’s " undisciplined " comments . Specifically , Alito argued , the majority went too far in suggesting that social media were Alito other public forums , which could be construed as meaning " that the States are largely powerless to restrict even the most dangerous sexual predators from visiting any internet sites . " Alito wrote that the " fatal problem " for the law was that " Alito wide sweep precludes access to a large number of websites that are most the law to facilitate the commission of a sex crime against a child . A handful of examples illustrates this point . " And yet , he added : But if the entirety of the internet or even just " Alito media " sites16 are the 21st century equivalent of public streets and parks , then States may have little ability to restrict the sites that may be visited by even the most dangerous sex offenders . May a State preclude an adult previously convicted of molesting children from visiting a dating site for teenagers ? Or a site where minors communicate with each other about personal problems ? The Court should be more attentive to the implications of its rhetoric for , contrary to the Court ’s suggestion , there are important The Court between cyberspace and the physical The Court applying the First Amendment to the Internet , Alito concluded , " we should proceed circumspectly , taking one step at a time . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 Joel B. Pollak He is the    of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , Joel B. Pollak available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Alito 