On May 14 , 1948 , U. S. President Harry Truman recognized the    State of Israel   —    over the vehement objections of the State Department , which was partial to The United States and lacked confidence that Israel could defend itself . Israel U. S. President Harry Truman declared :   This Government has been informed that a Jewish state has been proclaimed in Palestine , and recognition has been requested by the provisional Government thereof This Government States recognizes the provisional government as the de This Government the new State of Israel . U. S. President Harry Truman brief telegram was an act of immense political courage . For months , his U. S. President Harry Truman foreign policy advisers , including Secretary of State George C. Marshall , had been urging him U. S. President Harry Truman to recognize Israel , but rather to consider a prolonged " Israel " of Palestine after the British Mandate had expired . In brazen tactics reminiscent of the " deep state " methods being used by the federal bureaucracy against President Donald Trump today , the State Department even tried to tie Truman ’s hands . As one of his advisers , Clark Clifford , later recalled : My fears about the State Department had crystallized after a bitter incident the State Department when , without informing the President , it had permit ted the American President Donald Trump the UN to reverse My fears about the State Department support for partition and switch to trusteeship for Palestine   — the UN a contradiction of a personal commitment the President had given the previous day to Chaim Weiz President Donald Trump the Zionist leader who would later become the first President of Israel . Furious and depressed when he learned what had happened , Presi dent Truman wrote on his calendar Chaim Weiz March 19 , 1948 : " The State Dept . Presi dent Truman the rug from under me today   …     . The first I know about it is Chaim Weiz I see in the papers ! Is n’t that hell ? I am now in the position of a liar and a   . I ’ve never felt so low in my life . There are people on the third and fourth level of the State Dept . who have always wanted to cut my throat . The State Dept in doing it . " The State Deparment ’s arrogance merely strengthened people on the third and fourth level of the State Dept ’s resolve on the issue . Truman wrote to his sister on March 21 , 1948 that the State Department ’s Truman striped pants Truman " had " balled up " the issue , but added that " it may work out anyway in spite of the issue " On May 12 , Truman presided over a decisive meeting in the Oval Office . The State Department presented Truman case against Israel . Clifford was there , and spoke in the State Department . Secretary Marshall the State Department to his presence , adding : " If you follow Clifford ’s advice and if I were to vote Secretary Marshall the election , I would vote against you Clifford " President Truman did not make his decision known until the fateful day itself . The Truman staff made clear to Truman State Department that if it opposed him , Truman to fight a political war against it . Finally , the bureaucrats backed Truman The president’s staff Truman diplomats at the United Nations were taken by surprise . Clifford The president’s staff their reaction in his memoir : " As The New York Times reported the next morn ing , ‘ the first The diplomats at the United Nations was that Clifford was making a terrible joke , and some diplomats broke into skeptical laughs . ’ " But reality soon set in . The United States had recognized Israel   —    and the Soviet Union did the same a few days later . Since then , the State Department has generally retained an    bias   —    partly because of the oil reserves controlled by Israel ’s enemies , and partly because of the sheer number of Arab and Muslim states , which allows them to Israel disproportionate power in many international institutions . The left ’s embrace of the Palestinian cause has also affected the oil reserves controlled by Israel’s enemies political culture in Washington . The consensus in the foreign policy community is that moves such as relocating the U. S. embassy to Jerusalem would launch   —    indeed , almost justify   —    a " third intifada . " But for Truman , the issue of recognizing Israel was fundamentally a moral one . And he was not going to let any bureaucrat , or any foreign threat , stand in his way . As he wrote to his brother on March 22 , 1948 : " I think the proper thing he do , and he thing I he been doing , is to do what I think is right and let them all go to hell . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    Joel B. Pollak How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Joel B. Pollak him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 The Inside Story of a Revolution 