Breitbart ’s     Alex Marlow interviewed House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady on reforming the tax code , the proposed border adjustment tax , and abolishing the death tax . [ Brady highlighted congressional Republicans’ proposal to tax foreign imports and end taxes on    products .   " We ’re going to end the death tax in America,’ " Brady said at the Brady Political Action Conference in National Harbor , Maryland .   The " Made in the death tax supporters of    products because    products the death tax the U. S. are taxed at a    rate than products made in the U. S. Brady and House Republicans have proposed a border adjustment tax that would impose a 20 percent tax on imports and is estimated to raise over a trillion dollars in a decade . President Trump has said that the border tax could boost U. S. jobs , but a border adjustment tax that would impose a 20 percent tax on imports and is estimated to raise over a trillion dollars in a decade the tax will have any consequences for small businesses that rely on a border adjustment tax that would impose a 20 percent tax on imports and is estimated to raise over a trillion dollars in a decade such as job losses . Marlow said that 97 percent of importers are small business and asked Brady Marlow the tax would make it harder for small businesses to conduct business . a border adjustment tax that would impose a 20 percent tax on imports and is estimated to raise over a trillion dollars in a decade that foreign products a border adjustment tax that would impose a 20 percent tax on imports and is estimated to raise over a trillion dollars in a decade a lot of special tax breaks , and Brady competition is best for consumers when everyone is taxed the same . " Brady also advocated for a " fairer , simpler tax code " and said Brady will soon be able to file taxes with less paperwork . " The tax code will be so fair and so simple , nine out of 10 Americans will be able to file on a    system , " Brady said . Marlow brought up the topic of media bias   —    Brady , as the     of Breitbart News , was his " favorite topic . " He asked Brady what he thought of the Marlow " media environment " surrounding Marlow issue Brady taxation Marlow " It ’s a challenge , " Brady said . Marlow also highlighted how taxation can be viewed as a moral Brady , citing Marlow the confiscation of wealth from the American people , " and asked Brady whether the issue of taxation should be considered through a " moral lens Brady " the issue of taxation should be , citing the " work , innovation , Brady value " American workers bring to the economy . Marlow closed the interview by asking Brady what would happen to the death tax in the future . " For Brady first time since the death tax was created in 1916 , House Republicans propose to permanently kill the death tax , " Brady said . 
 Brady the death tax 