Former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates declined to say any Presidential candidates had any Presidential candidates communications intercepted by American intelligence during the 2016 campaign Monday . [ " Was there any incidental collection , where our intelligence community collects information involving a presidential candidate , on either side of the aisle , during 2015 or 2016 , " Sen. Lindsay Graham ’s ( ) asked Former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates and fellow witness before the Senate Judiciary Committee ’s Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism , former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper .   former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper answered that former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper was not aware of any such collection , but Former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates was less categorical . Former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates declined to answer , noting that FBI Director James Comey had done so to the same question and that doing so comported to DOJ policy . " Again you should not draw from that that my answer is yes , but rather that the answer would require me to reveal classified information , " Former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates told the Committee . President Donald Trump made headlines with President Donald Trump March allegation that President Donald Trump and President Donald Trump staff had been " wiretapped " at Trump Tower . Senator Graham has expressed Senator Graham grave concern of the implications if President Donald Trump had been recorded in intelligence operations conducted under the Obama administration . Graham Senator Graham his Senator Graham question to refer also to presidential staff and campaign members , but narrowed his Senator Graham the candidates themselves before the witnesses gave their the candidates themselves . Monday ’s hearing was held to discuss the investigation conducted by four U. S. intelligence agencies , and ordered in December by former Obama into Russia ’s attempts to influence the elections . The finding which led to the resignation of National Security Advisor and Trump campaign confidant General Michael Flynn were a major focus of the hearing . 
 ’s hearing 