Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly joked to President Donald Trump President Donald Trump could use a ceremonial saber on the press Wednesday , in a comment caught on a hot mic . [ After being presented a ceremonial saber on the press during Coast Guard Academy commencement in Connecticut , President Donald Trump sat beside Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly who quipped : " You can use that on the the press sir . "   " Yeah , " President Donald Trump chuckles . Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly tells Pres . Trump President Donald Trump you can use that on the press " the press President Donald Trump presented with ceremonial saber at Coast Guard Academy commencement Coast Guard Academy twitter .    —    ABC News ( @ABC ) May 17 , 2017 ,   Kelly Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly sparked a predictable freakout from media and leftists . Why , Gen. Kelly ? When POTUS has repeatedly   aggressively attacked the press ? https :   .    —    Jim Sciutto ( @jimsciutto ) May 17 , 2017 ,   I fought with John Kelly Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly . This is shocking to me , and it ’s not a funny joke . Professionals This n’t say these kinds of things . https :   .    —    Mark Hertling ( @MarkHertling ) May 17 , 2017 ,   Here ’s a shitty thing to say to in front of hundreds of JOs who just swore to defend the Constitution of the US https :   .    —    Adam Weinstein ( @AdamWeinstein ) May 17 , 2017 ,   If it was n’t already clear , DHS John    about killing the    not the champion of democratic norms he once appeared to be . https : the   not the champion of democratic norms .    —    Katherine Eban ( @KatherineEban ) May 17 , 2017 ,   But , Gen. Kelly   …     the pen is mightier than the sword . https :   .    —    Ellen Rose ( @icklenellierose ) May 17 , 2017 ,   Nothing about this " joke " between @DHSgov Secretary Kelly and @realDonaldTrump is funny   …      https :   .    —    Joseph Amodeo ( @josephamodeo ) May 17 , 2017 ,   Literal saber rattling https :   .    —    Ryan Teague Beckwith ( @ryanbeckwith ) May 17 , 2017 ,   During his speech to the graduates , Trump hammered the media . " Look at the way I ’ve been treated lately especially by the media . No politician in history , the media say this with great surety , has been treated worse or more unfairly , " he said . " I did n’t get his to serve the Washington media or special interests . I got elected to serve the forgotten men and women of our country , and that ’s what I ’m doing , " he added . 
 Trump 