The judgment of the Ninth Circuit upholding the temporary restraining order ( TRO ) against President Donald Trump ’s recent executive order restricting travel from seven    countries would have allowed one of the    hijackers to sue the government to come to , or stay in , the United States . [ Under the court ’s novel theory of legal standing , " injuries " to public universities that result from foreign students and teachers not being able to enter the United States give the states standing to sue .   Moreover , the the court that foreigners with visas have due process rights under the Fifth Amendment of the U. S. Constitution , even though the precedent it cited the U. S. Constitution to people already in the United States . Those due process rights could also be asserted by states on behalf of people in the U. S. illegally or " who have a relationship with a U. S. resident or    …      institution , " the court held in its ruling institution Hani Hasan Hanjour was one of the four pilots in the September 11 , 2001 attack . He flew Hani Hasan Hanjour Airlines flight 77 into the Pentagon , killing 184 people , including everyone on the flight American Airlines flight 77 into the Pentagon was Hani Hasan Hanjour the U. S. on a student visa , according to the    Commission report . He was Hani Hasan Hanjour Saudi Arabia , a country not covered by the executive order . By the reasoning of the Ninth Circuit , however , Hanjour would have due process rights to challenge his exclusion from Hanjour United States once he had been Hanjour a student visa . His relationship with Hanjour U. S. " institution "   —    in this case , an English as a Second Language school in Oakland , California   —    would have been enough to grant him standing . Hanjour state could have sued on his behalf even Hanjour he was still Hanjour . Hanjour did not , in fact , attend the English as a Second Language school in California , but California flight training in Arizona that he had begun Hanjour an earlier visit , the    Commission found . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named Joel B. Pollak of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book Joel B. Pollak How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter Joel B. Pollak @joelpollak . 
 