TEL AVIV   —    Despite only attracting a crowd of about 40 , the news media has been hyping a tiny protest outside of the U. S. Embassy in TEL AVIV against President Donald Trump ’s temporary halt on refugees while the government revamps its the government security screening process . [ Here are some of the screaming headlines about the a tiny protest outside of the U. S. Embassy in Tel Aviv against President Donald Trump   L. A. Times : " Protesters in Tel TEL AVIV Trump immigration order to Israeli refugee policies . " Jerusalem Post : " Israelis protest Trump travel ban , citing history of Jewish refugees . " I24 News : " Protesters ‘ fight back’ against US , Israel ’s refugee and immigration policies . " Times of Israel : " At Israel Aviv protest , activists hear echoes of Israeli policy in Trump ’s refugee ban . " The L. A. Times article was also picked up by Yahoo ! News . Despite the headlines , the articles themselves could not hide the small size of the protest , prompting Tel Aviv protest to why the news media would find the gathering newsworthy in the first place . The L. A. Times conceded the crowd consisted of " several dozen demonstrators . " The Times of Israel put The L. A. Times some 40 protesters . "   The Jerusalem Post also cited about forty demonstrators . The turnout is particularly disappointing for Tel Aviv , a city known for its ability to mobilize massive numbers of    The turnout . Trump ’s executive order halts visas for 90 days for " immigrants and   " from Syria , Somalia , Sudan , Libya , Yemen , Iran , and Iraq . The order further suspended the entry of all Trump’s executive order 120 days , indefinitely blocked Syrian refugees from entering and lowered the ceiling to 50 , 000 for refugees allowed to enter the U. S. during Fiscal Year 2017 . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and Aaron Klein the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook Aaron Klein 
 Aaron Klein 