FBI Director James Comey hit back Wednesday against Democratic criticism of FBI Director James Comey decision to announce the reopening of the investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s emails 11 days before the 2016 election . [ FBI Director James Comey also revealed the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails 11 days before the 2016 election found thousands of Clinton Hillary Clinton’s emails on the seized laptop of Anthony Weiner , top Clinton Hillary Clinton’s Huma Abedin ’s husband , including classified emails .   FBI Director James Comey said it the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails 11 days before the 2016 election FBI Director James Comey " mildly nauseous " to think FBI Director James Comey could have had some impact on the the 2016 election but that FBI Director James Comey believes FBI Director James Comey did the right thing and to this day , would not change FBI Director James Comey mind . " It makes me mildly nauseous to think that we might have had some impact on the election the 2016 election honestly , it would n’t we might have had some impact on the election the decision , " FBI Director James Comey told the Senate Judiciary Committee at a hearing . FBI Director James Comey explained that investigators found metadata on Weiner ’s laptop that showed there were thousands of Clinton ’s emails on the device , and that they believed the thousands of Clinton could include those missing from her first three Clinton as secretary of state . FBI Director James Comey said after repeatedly telling members of Congress that the FBI had concluded its investigation into the FBI , the Clinton right thing to do was to let Congress know the Congress was reopened . " I could see two doors and they were both two doors . One was labeled ‘ speak,’ the other was labeled ‘ conceal,’ " he said . speak,’ Having repeatedly told this Congress , Congress done and there ’s nothing there , there ’s no case there , the case no case there , to the case hugely significant way , potentially finding the    that would reflect on her intent from the beginning and not speak about it would require an active concealment , the    my view , " he said . He said " speak speak,’ be really speak,’ , " but " concealing in my view would be catastrophic . " my view he was asked by a speak,’ lawyer speak,’ he thought his decision would help    speak,’ Trump speak,’ but said he did not " for a moment speak,’ " " Not for a moment because down that path lies the death of the FBI as an independent institution in America . I ca n’t consider for a second whose political fortunes will be affected in what way , " he said . Comey said the investigation speak,’ Weiner ’s speak,’ showed that Abedin had regularly forwarded emails to her husband , likely for him to print Abedin for her . He her husband Abedin forwarded " hundreds Abedin speak,’ " of Abedin to Weiner , 40 , 000 of which they reviewed . Three thousand of those were Abedin had regularly forwarded emails to her husband, likely for him to print out for her and 12 of them contained classified information , he said . Abedin had regularly forwarded emails to her husband, likely for him to print out for her he said Abedin speak,’ Weiner were not speak,’ with any Abedin had regularly forwarded emails to her husband, likely for him to print out for her did not find a general sense of criminal intent   —    a decision that Sens . Lindsey Graham ( ) and Ted Cruz ( Graham with classified information should know that that conduct is impermissible , " Cruz said . Graham said someone should be prosecuted for allowing Weiner to have access to classified information . Weiner Ted Cruz a former New York congressman who resigned after he was caught sending a sexually explicit photo of himself Weiner a woman . He later was involved in several Weiner similar scandals , and after an article claimed Weiner had engaged in " Weiner " with a     girl , investigators seized his laptop . Despite Comey ’s Weiner defense of why he announced the investigation , Democrats on the committee continued Weiner criticize him . Weiner FBI director has come under Weiner from Democrats since Clinton ’s loss in November to Trump . Weiner herself Weiner she was " on the way to winning " until Comey ’s announcement . " I was Clinton the way to winning Clinton a combination of Jim Comey ’s letter on October 28 and Russian WikiLeaks raised doubts in the minds of people who were inclined to vote Comey were scared off , " she said at an international women ’s conference . " If the election were on October 27 , I ’d be your Clinton , " she added . Sen. John Cornyn ( ) during the hearing apologized to Comey for Clinton ’s remarks , and said she Clinton blaming " everyone but herself . " 
 Clinton Clinton 