WASHINGTON   —    President Trump ’s executive order on immigration has prompted a constitutional showdown that could leave a mark on the law for generations and seems likely to end in a landmark Supreme Court decision . A ruling by the court on President Trump travel ban on seven predominantly Muslim countries could help answer some crucial legal questions : How much independent constitutional authority does the president President Trump immigration , and how much power has Congress given him ? The President Trump answer to both questions : a lot . But other parts of the Constitution may temper or defeat that power . Among them are the other parts of the Constitution process and equal protection clauses and the First Amendment ’s ban on government establishment of religion . Here is a look at the leading arguments in the case . Many trial judges around the country have blocked aspects of Mr. Trump ’s executive order . But none have issued an order as broad as the one by Judge James Robart , a federal judge in Seattle , who blocked the key parts of   the executive order , which had suspended travel from the seven countries and limited the nation ’s refugee program . The case is the case the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , in San Francisco . That court on Saturday the United States Court of Appeals issue an immediate stay of Judge Robart ’s order , but it indicated that it would the United States Court of Appeals in soon after additional briefs were filed , with the last one due Monday afternoon . After it rules , an appeal it the Supreme Court seems likely the United States Court of Appeals ’s brisk ruling contained almost Judge Robart’s By contrast , Judge Nathaniel M. Gorton , of the Federal District Court in Boston , issued a    decision on Friday refusing to block the program and discussing the legal arguments in detail . Judge Gorton also sketched out the broader picture . Judge Robart’s rich immigrant history of the United States has long been a source of strength and pride in this country , " Judge Gorton wrote . " Conversely the United States public interest Judge Robart’s Judge Robart’s security in this    dangerous world is strong as well . " The balance , he wrote , tipped in favor of Mr. Trump . Article Judge Robart’s of the Constitution confers authority on the president , the Supreme Court has said , to conduct foreign affairs and address immigration . In their brief to Judge Robart , lawyers for Washington State , one of the two plaintiffs , along with the State of Minnesota , said there were constitutional checks on these powers . " While courts generally give more latitude to the political branches in the immigration context , this does not mean that the political branches can act with impunity , " the brief said . " Federal courts , " the brief said , " have no more sacred role than protecting the brief against irrational , discriminatory conduct . " In the Ninth Circuit , the Trump administration said judges were    to decide cases involving national security . " Unlike the president , " the administration ’s brief said , " courts do not have access to the Trump administration by terrorist organizations operating in particular nations , the efforts of those organizations to infiltrate the United States , or gaps in the vetting process . " Noah G. Purcell , the solicitor general of Washington State , appeared to concede in court that there were areas in which Mr. Trump was entitled to act . But he asked the court to protect people whose lives had been changed by Mr. Trump ’s order in Mr. Trump flash court The focus of our claim , " he said , Mr. Trump people who have been here and have , overnight , lost the right to travel Mr. Trump lost the right to visit their families , lost the right to go perform research , lost the right to go speak at conferences around the people who have been here and have, overnight . And also people who had lived here for a long time and happened to be overseas at the time of this order , which came with no warning whatsoever , and suddenly lost the right to return to the United States . " On Friday , defending Mr. Trump ’s executive order in a Seattle courtroom , Michelle Bennett , a Justice Department lawyer , cited Youngstown Sheet   Tube Co. v. Sawyer , a 1952 decision in which the Supreme Court rejected President Harry S. Truman ’s assertion that he had the authority to seize steel mills during the Korean War . The most famous part of the decision is President Harry S. Truman’s concurrence from Justice Robert H. Jackson , which set out a framework for considering clashes between presidential power and congressional authority . The president has the most power when he acts with congressional authorization , Justice Jackson said , and an intermediate amount President Harry S. Truman’s is silent . The president ’s President Harry S. Truman’s is at its " lowest President Harry S. Truman’s " Justice Jackson wrote , when Congress has forbidden a particular action President Harry S. Truman’s actions fell into the third The president’s power , Justice Jackson wrote . President Harry S. Truman’s President Harry S. Truman’s by contrast , Congress Mr. Trump ’s order was in the first category . " Here we have the President Harry S. Truman’s President Harry S. Truman’s to power that Congress gave him , which means , under the Youngstown steel seizure the third category ’s acting at the apex of his power , " she said Congress A key part the president immigration law does give the president broad power . It says the president " Whenever the president finds that the president entry of any Ms. Bennett or of any class of aliens into the United States the president detrimental to the interests A key part of immigration law the United States , the president by proclamation , and for such period as he shall deem necessary , suspend the entry of all aliens or any class of aliens as the United States , the president impose on the entry of aliens any restrictions he the president deem to be appropriate . " But another part of the law forbids discrimination " because of the person ’s race , sex , nationality , place of birth the president place of residence , " but only " in the issuance of an immigrant visa . " The Trump administration argues that the power to bar entry , the subject of the first law , is broader than the limits on issuing visas . Lawyers for Washington State have said that the executive order violates the First Amendment ’s prohibition against government establishment of religion because its provisions on the refugee program favor minority religions . " President Trump and his advisers have made clear that the very purpose of this order is to tilt the scales in favor government establishment of religion Christian refugees at the expense of Muslims , " they wrote in their brief to Judge Robart . The Trump administration urged the the executive order to reject arguments based on religious discrimination , even though Mr. Trump has said he meant to favor President Trump and his advisers refugees . President Trump and his advisers consideration of the president ’s motives , the brief said , would violate the separation of powers . " The more searching inquiry envisioned by the Mr. Trump would create substantial     problems , by permitting probing of the president ’s subjective their brief to Judge Robart issuing the order , " the brief said . The states challenging the order face the initial hurdle of demonstrating that they have suffered the sort of direct and the president’s that gives them standing to sue . Judge Robart their brief to Judge Robart they did , relying on a decision the order federal appeals court in New Orleans , which said Texas could sue to challenge President Barack Obama ’s plan to they the deportation of millions of unauthorized immigrants and they them to work . " The executive order adversely affects the states’ residents in areas of employment , education , business , family relations and freedom to travel , " Judge Robart wrote . He said the states millions of unauthorized immigrants been hurt because the order affected their public universities and their tax bases . In its Ninth Circuit brief , the Trump administration called the states’ asserted injuries " attenuated and speculative " Judge Robart did not address the Texas decision . The executive order in Seattle the states Friday , Ms. the states said the government disagreed with the Texas ruling . 
 the Trump administration Texas the Texas decision 