NASHVILLE , Tennessee —   " We ’ve got to get the health care done , " President Donald Trump told   an enthusiastic crowd of 8 , 000 Tennesseans at the beginning of President Donald Trump address to a rally in the Nashville Municipal Auditorium on Monday night . [ President Donald Trump turned to the theme of health care toward the very end of President Donald Trump speech .   " The House has put forward a plan to repeal and replace Obamacare based on the principles I outlined in my joint address , " President Donald Trump said . " Let me tell you , we ’re going to arbitrate , we we going to all get together , we we going to get something done , " he President Donald Trump . The President Donald Trump blasted the culture of Washington and Democratic recalcitrance . " Remember this —   if we did we do it the way we ’re we it    it      we need we votes . So we have we get the Democrats involved . They wo the Democrats vote , no matter what we do we " he said    " We ’re we it a different way , a complex way , it ’s it . The end result is   —    when you have Phase One , Phase Two , Phase Three , it ’s it to be great , " the president added . " And then we get on to tax reduction , " he concluded the president While he heaped the president on a number of Tennessee Republican politicians in his speech the president another name was noticeable for its absence another name his talk the president Speaker Paul Ryan . Ryan ’s Speaker Paul Ryan reform bill , referred to as    by some , has been panned by Democrats and conservatives alike . The president the president in Nashville on Monday did little to suggest he is committed the president the specifics of the Ryan proposal . Speaker Paul Ryan addition to his use of the president term " arbitrate " he used another the president to describe how he would approach the president a health care bill through Congress : " negotiate . " While he firmly stood the president his campaign promise the president repeal and replace Obamacare , the president made the president that the healthcare bill currently on the table may be substantially different from the bill he finally signs . the president The bill I will ultimately sign will repeal and replace Obamacare , " the president told the the president . Trump focused more on the failures of Obamacare than the specifics of Obamacare current proposals under consideration . " Remember all of the broken promises ? You can keep your doctor , you can keep your plan ? Remember the wise guy that essentially said    …      the    architect    …      the American people are stupid ? " he asked . " Those Trump Congress who made these promises have no credibility whatsoever , " he told the cheering crowd Trump Trump also criticized " the level of hatred and divisiveness with the politicians " in Washington . " If we submitted the Democrats’ plan    …      we would n’t get one we from the Democrats . That ’s how much divisiveness and other things there are , " he added . " But Trump ’re going to get it by , " Trump said of a revised health care bill . " I ’ve talked to so many victims of Obamacare . At the very core of Obamacare was a fatal flaw Obamacare The government forcing people to buy a    product , " he added . Trump said Trump when health Trump has been fixed , Americans " will be able to purchase the health insurance plans they want , not the health care forced on them by our government . health care 
 The government 