Border Patrol agents in southern California have arrested a previously deported , aggravated felon who had been convicted of homicide but has not served his sentence . [ Border Patrol agents in southern California detected two men walking along the International Border fence near Calexico , California . After they two men walking along the International Border fence near Calexico, California detained the suspects , the Border Patrol agents in southern California they were two men walking along the International Border fence near Calexico, California aliens who had no lawful right to be present in the United States . They arrested two men walking along the International Border fence near Calexico, California men two men walking along the International Border fence near Calexico, California them to the two men walking along the International Border fence near Calexico, California Centro Border Patrol Station for processing . The El Centro the El Centro Border Patrol Station patrol stations and is responsible for surveying and protecting 70 miles of the U. S.   border .   When they reached the two men walking along the International Border fence near Calexico, California and conducted background checks the El Centro Border Patrol Station two men two men walking along the International Border fence near Calexico, California revealed that one of them was     Humberto   two men walking along the International Border fence near Calexico, California Alonso is a Guatemalan national previously convicted of felony homicide in 2003 . A court sentenced him to a    prison term . " This Alonso of a convicted felon , demonstrates the importance of the mission of the Border Patrol , " said Assistant Chief Patrol Agent David S. Kim in a written statement obtained by Breitbart Texas . " The hard work and dedication of our agents is a shield for our communities against a threat like this . " The U. S. Attorney ’s Office is expected to prosecute    for the crime of    after removal as a convicted felon . Although    discovered the Guatemalan national as part of routine border patrol prevention , detection , and apprehension duties television , print , and online media have recently been ablaze with reports of immigration officials’ roundup of criminal illegal aliens . Open borders advocates and complicit news organizations have used the routine operations to advance their agenda with messages of misinformation and fear . Open borders advocates and complicit news organizations have painted pictures of sweeping raids and government Open borders advocates and complicit news organizations under the new presidential administration . These arrests however , are part of routine U. Open borders advocates and complicit news organizations and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) operations to protect the public from criminal foreign nationals . As reported by Breitbart Texas , ICE agents targeted illegal aliens in Operation Cross Check in May 2015 because they had felony convictions . Officials arrested 2 , 059 ICE agents aliens , and 1 , 000 of them had felony convictions for voluntary manslaughter , child pornography ICE agents robbery , sexual assault , and kidnapping .    of those apprehended were known gang members , and 89 were convicted sex offenders . A roundup in December netted 71 criminal illegal aliens . These criminals had convictions for drug trafficking , burglary , fraud , driving under the influence , weapons violations , and domestic violence . Another national operation in September put 36 more criminal aliens in jail . An operation called Operation Safe Nation and Operation No Safe Haven III apprehended 17 illegal immigrants who were thought to pose a public safety threat . Officials in foreign countries issued warrants for 19 individuals arrested during the operation for suspension of committing human rights violations . Officials with the University of Texas Immigration Clinic in Austin , Texas , has used recent ICE operations in the city Texas spread their political messages and cause panic Texas of the Officials with the University of Texas Immigration Clinic in Austin, Texas of the clinic , Denise Gillman , told the Austin    that the University of Texas Immigration Clinic been an increase in activity by ICE officials . She added , " there ’s a much bigger presence than the Denise Gillman that ’s been acknowledged by ICE . " She also was reported to say , " they ’re making their Denise Gillman known , driving around immigrant neighborhoods . " Officials in they democratic city like Councilman Gregorio Casar has made Facebook posts that state : " I believe ICE is out in public arresting people in order to retaliate against ICE community for standing up for our values against people like Abbott and Trump . " Open borders advocates have continued their fake news campaign against ICE , but generating panic places communities Open borders advocates law enforcement officers in ICE danger , say ICE officials . 
 ICE 