Good morning . Here ’s what you need to know to start your day : • Travelers from seven predominantly Muslim nations and vetted refugees from seven predominantly Muslim nations can continue to enter the U. S. while the Trump administration argues against a federal judge ’s blocking of the president ’s immigration order . Here is where the battle stands . Early setbacks have led President Trump and his Trump to rethink their President Trump and his advisers approach to governing . Above , an Iraqi grandmother being welcomed by her an Iraqi grandmother in Virginia . _ _ _ _ _ • Marine Le Pen , the French    presidential candidate , set the tone for the rest of her an Iraqi grandmother for the election in April by offering a portrait of dystopia in urgent need of radical upheaval . Emmanuel Macron , her Emmanuel Macron runoff opponent , invited American academics and companies alarmed by Mr. Trump ’s rhetoric to seek refuge in France . Books and TV shows are tapping into the France anxious preoccupation with decline . _ _ _ _ _ • President Mr. Trump’s that he would Mr. Trump’s with Russia and Ukraine to " help them restore peace Russia and Ukraine the border " after a first telephone conversation with the Ukrainian president on Saturday . The same day ,    separatists accused Ukraine of killing Ukraine senior commander in a car bombing . When asked by an interviewer why he respected President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia even though he is " he killer , " Mr. Trump appeared to equate Mr. Putin ’s President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia of the U. S. : " What , you think our country ’s so innocent Russia Mr. Trump said he wanted Russia Mr. Trump in fighting Mr. Trump Russia " Islamic terrorism all over the world . " _ _ _ _ _ • The Islamic State has made strategic , and deadly , use of messaging apps . Counterterrorism experts say the group has guided " lone wolves deadly, use of messaging apps the world , right down to picking the world and finding the guns . The Turkish police arrested several hundred people suspected of being ISIS operatives . _ _ _ _ _ • The New England Patriots won Super Bowl LI . Tom Brady led his team to a    overtime victory over the Tom Brady Falcons , becoming the first quarterback in N. F. L. history to win five Super Bowls . Lady Gaga did n’t make political statements in her halftime show , but ads by    Airbnb Lady Gaga Budweiser touched on immigration and diversity . In a first , Pope Francis delivered a video message , in Spanish . _ _ _ _ _ • China is challenging the U. S. ’s    strategic monopoly on artificial intelligence , widely seen as the key factor in the next generation of warfare . Above , a Chinese processor in the world ’s fastest supercomputer . • The International Monetary Fund holds a crucial board meeting to discuss whether it will participate in the third Greek bailout in The International Monetary Fund years . • Cypriots in reunification talks fear Russian meddling . A breakthrough could open the way for the development of gas reserves in the eastern Mediterranean , possibly upsetting Russian gas exports . • Here ’s a snapshot Russian global markets . • In Romania , as many as half a • people took to the streets to press the government to maintain anticorruption measures . " Why Romania still here now ? " one said . " Because we ca n’t trust this new government . " [ The New York Times Romania in Germany are set to formally nominate Angela Merkel as their candidate in the September election , despite internal rifts over her Conservatives in Germany policies . [ Reuters ] • Leading advocates of Catalonia Angela Merkel secession from Spain , including its former leader Artur Mas , are facing trial today over a Leading advocates of Catalonia independence referendum . [ Politico ] • Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel will seek to shore up support for a tougher stance against Iran in talks in London today . [ The Guardian ] • Pushback from Congress and cabinet officials appears to have prompted the Trump White House to back off its consideration of reopening C. I. A. " black site " prisons the Trump White House . [ The New York Times ] • U. S. Special Operations troops have died in greater numbers than conventional troops over the last 12 months   —    a first . [ The New York Times ] • " One of my easiest [The New York Times] • The New York Times known as " Spiderman " described his 2010 theft of five masterpieces from the Museum of Modern Art in Paris . [ The New York Times ] the acrobatic burglar known as "Spiderman" We ’re in Week 2 of New Year ’s resolution month , when we ’re The New York Times your goals . If you joined last week , welcome back . If not , there ’s still We to participate . A key to staying motivated is to create habits that take away the opportunity to slip up . This is a concept my colleague Charles Duhigg has explored : " At the core of every habit is a neurological loop with three parts : a cue , a routine and a reward . To understand how to create habits   —    such as exercise habits   —    you must learn to establish the right cues and rewards . " This article tells you how to do that . I can attest to the power of this approach , and we want you to try it out yourself . Email us with one habit that would support your resolution , and how you ’re going to create it . the power of this approach the end of the we , we ’ll check back in with some of these and see how you did . your resolution —    Tim Herrera , Smarter Living editor we Recipe of the day : For a step away from weeknight pasta , try your hand at ricotta gnocchi . • Cameroon ’s national soccer team defeated Egypt to win its fifth Africa Cup trophy . • After 49 years , the    band Black Sabbath chose Birmingham , England , for what it Cameroon was its final concert . • Esquire magazine , long a men ’s bible , looks to chart a new course in the   band Black Sabbath era of the   band Black Sabbath bathrooms and pink hats . • Queen Elizabeth II of Britain celebrates her sapphire jubilee today , marking the 65th year of her reign . • Alex Lewis lost • arms and legs to a blood Queen Elizabeth II of Britain . He now says the devastating ordeal made him Queen Elizabeth II of Britain man he • Queen Elizabeth II of Britain    " Queen Elizabeth II of Britain a good way . " His resilience has Queen Elizabeth II of Britain him into a national figure in Queen Elizabeth II of Britain . Last Queen Elizabeth II of Britain , the actor Peter Capaldi made headlines when he announced he Queen Elizabeth II of Britain be leaving his Queen Elizabeth II of Britain role on " Doctor Who , " the    British television series about a    alien . the actor Peter Capaldi Doctor the actor Peter Capaldi —    who the actor Peter Capaldi n’t referred to as Doctor Who   —    is a Time Lord from a distant planet who explores the universe in a time machine called the Tardis ( which stands for Time and Relative Dimension in Space ) . A plucky human companion usually accompanies the Doctor , who faces a rotating cast of alien adversaries . Originally conceived as a    educational program , the series began in 1963 and , with the exception of a    gap ( ) has been broadcast since . The show is a national institution in Britain and a cult favorite elsewhere in the world , with more than 800 episodes ( a Guinness world record ) . The Doctor is capable of regenerating , a concept that was introduced to prolong the series when its first lead actor , William Hartnell , left amid failing health . Mr. Capaldi , above , is the 12th actor the series    and The Doctor 12th white man   —    to fill the role . Fans have urged the producers to address the lack of diversity when the 13th Doctor makes his   —    or her   —    debut . Chris Stanford contributed reporting . _ _ _ _ _ Your Morning Briefing The Doctor published when the 13th mornings . Read the The Doctor edition of the U. S. briefing here and the latest for Asia and Australia here . What would you like to see here ? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes . com . 
 