LYON , France   —    The French    leader Marine Le Pen delivered a grim populist kickoff to The French   leader Marine Le Pen burgeoning presidential campaign on Sunday , warning thousands of The French   leader Marine Le Pen supporters of " two totalitarianisms , " globalization and Islamism , that want to " subjugate France . " Ms. The French   leader Marine Le Pen picture of a weakened France troubled by bureaucrats and burqas was a striking echo of themes being sounded across the Atlantic . France , a prosperous country with the world ’s    economy , was depicted as a besieged wreck . In a packed hall here , she made a point    in an hourlong speech brimming with nationalist fervor , of praising President Trump and the Americans who had elected him , as her supporters shouted forcefully    " This is our country ! " Americans , she said , had    kept faith with their national interest , Americans even as she promised to do    same for France , saying the French had been " dispossessed of their patriotism . " Americans it will sell in the French country undoubtedly frightened by terrorism and weary of unemployment hovering around 10 percent is unclear , but it is certain that it will sell in a country undoubtedly frightened by terrorism and weary of unemployment hovering around 10 percent Le Pen ’s National Front party is closer than it has ever been Ms. Le Pen’s National Front party gaining power in France after over 40 years of existence . Polls show that she is very likely to reach at least a second round of voting in France ’s    electoral France this spring . The weekend ’s campaigning in this prosperous southeastern metropolis   —    her likely runoff opponent she Emmanuel Macron , the centrist former economy minister , also drew thousands to a rally across town on Saturday   —    offered a taste of the fierce electoral battle to come and a rerun of some of the American election ’s dynamic . The populist Ms. Le Pen , 48 , offered up a forbidding dystopia in urgent need of radical upheaval , much like Mr. Trump did . The boyish Mr. Macron   —    he is 39 and Mr. Trump created a nonparty political movement that has suddenly caught fire   —    spoke of " reconciling " France and of " working together , " and repeatedly addressed more than 10 , 000 supporters in a giant stadium as " my friends . " France would certainly stay France the European Union , in his view , and Mr. Trump would be none of Ms. Le Pen ’s war on globalization . The crowd spilled onto the grounds outside the stadium , forcing a giant stadium watch Mr. Macron on huge screens . He took a backhanded slap Mr. Macron Mr. Trump , promising refuge in enlightened France to American scientists , academics and companies " fighting obscurantism " at home . They would have , " academics and companies of next May , " the date of the presidential runoff , " a homeland , and that will be France , " Mr. Macron France . The candidates both present themselves as outsiders   — The candidates both Mr. Macron served in the Mr. Macron but is not a Socialist , while Ms. Le Pen ’s party has never held power   —    but the crowds at the two rallies were a study in contrast . Judging by a    interviews , Mr. Macron ’s group was peppered with teachers , doctors , academics , civil servants and men who described themselves as " heads of companies . " In contrast , Ms. Le Pen ’s crowd was full of factory workers and former soldiers , and it adored her thundering opening line : " Ms. Le Pen’s ’m against the Right of money , and the Left of money . I ’m the candidate of the people ’m " Still , the slickly produced    National Front event at Lyon ’s modernist conference center , full of party functionaries in blazers scurrying about , showed how far the party has come from its disreputable ragtag origins in the the party 1970s , when it emerged as a xenophobic coalition the party former Nazi collaborators and disgruntled veterans of the Algerian war who had not forgiven the country ’s leaders for having agreed to Algeria ’s independence   —    like Ms. Le Pen ’s father , the party ’s founder ,    the party She has effectively kicked him out of the Ms. Le Pen’s . But Ms. ’s leaders for having agreed to Algeria’s independence  —   like Ms. Le Pen’s father, the party’s founder,   Le Pen Pen ’s the party echoed with many Ms. Le Pen’s ’s themes . She delivered her speech against a screen projecting the words " In Ms. Le Pen’s Name Ms. Le Pen’s the People , " and it was full of immigrants committing crimes , jihadists plotting attacks and her speech Union bureaucrats stealing jobs from the French . Ms. Le Pen promised to crack down on all of them . Ms. Le Pen’s Mr. Trump ’s victory after years of electoral defeats in France   —    " The impossible becomes the possible , " Ms. Le Pen said of it   —    she offered a sketch of Ms. Le Pen’s might look like . She promised to hold Ms. Le Pen’s referendum within six months on Ms. Le Pen’s Union membership , which she Ms. Le Pen’s a " nightmare , " secure the country ’s borders and pull France out Ms. Le Pen’s NATO . Foreigners , she said , were eating up France ’s social France   and offering little in return . Ms. Le Pen’s Our benefits are distributed to France   over the world , " she said . But in NATO to Mr. Trump , for Ms. Le Pen restoring what Ms. Le Pen’s called " sovereignty " to France appeared as an end in itself . She offered no Ms. Le Pen to a golden age of France   for her country , promising France   to Ms. Le Pen restore order " within five years . Ruin was just Ms. Le Pen the corner , in her telling . " After decades of cowardice and    our choice is a choice of civilization Ms. Le Pen " she said . " Will our children live in a country that is still French and democratic Ms. Le Pen " The crowd ate it up . " She ’s got a real program , in the name of the people , for the workers Ms. Le Pen and by the workers , " said Eric Fusis , a     retired military officer from the Doubs . the workers ’s for the nation , and not for the financial sector and the banks , " he said . 
 Eric Fusis, a    retired military officer from the Doubs 