It is interesting that President Barack Obama , who during eight years in office has , historically , been slow to act on international challenges , has moved quickly to impose sanctions upon Russia for alleged interference with the 2016 election . President Barack Obama, who during eight years in office has, historically, been slow to act on international challenges, has moved quickly to impose sanctions upon Russia for alleged interference with the 2016 election moves well before a detailed investigation into the issue can be concluded . [ Compare the timeline for the investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s unauthorized use of Hillary Clinton email servers . In March 2015 , the timeline for the investigation into Hillary Clinton became publicly known that during Hillary Clinton tenure as Secretary of State Hillary Clinton utilized a private server for email communications rather than the secure government server . This act was clearly in violation of State Department protocols and federal record keeping regulations .   Upon learning Clinton also used Clinton private server to send classified material , the FBI launched an investigation into her private server later that year . In May 2016 , the State Department ’s Office of the Inspector General released an    report on both the State Department’s email practices as well as Clinton ’s unauthorized practices . Finally , in August 2016 , the FBI the FBI released a report on Clinton ’s email Clinton’s , finding while Hillary was extremely careless , it was believed there was no basis for criminal prosecution . From the time Clinton ’s email scandal Clinton’s knowledge to the time detailed investigations were completed by both the FBI and State Department took 14 and 17 months respectively . On December 4th , Obama ordered a CIA investigation into Russia ’s alleged interference with the presidential election and now , remarkably , less than four weeks later , it would appear the investigation the presidential election been completed a CIA investigation into Russia’s alleged interference with the presidential election prepares to impose sanctions Obama Moscow . While Moscow demands it be shown evidence Moscow complicity , none has been offered .    How is it , while an investigation into Hillary ’s email scandal took more than a year , one into possible Russian hacking has taken less than a month . Of interest too is Obama ’s claim he knew about the Russian interference Obama months prior to Russian election .   However , he failed to act due to Obama inability to decide how best Obama respond without " escalating tensions with Moscow and being accused of trying to boost Clinton ’s campaign . " The logic to Obama ’s argument is this : Obama’s occurred disclosing it before Russian election ran the risk this would the election for favoring Clinton ’s campaign thus , he opted to Clinton’s campaign ) other than simply he the election ’s result . Since election day polls projected an 85 % chance of a Clinton win , why —   Obama apparently Clinton —   should he bother interfering by giving the allegation a high profile ? he all , pressing alleged Russian hacking claim might only disrupt Hillary ’s victory . However , totally unexpected to Obama , the severe negativity surrounding Clinton ’s private server use Obama well as Clinton damning content of her emails resulted in Russian hacking supposedly swaying Clinton election in Donald Trump ’s favor Russian Thus , only now does it become an issue ! It would now appear it has only been Clinton ’s loss it has motivated Obama it Clinton forward with Clinton’s Russian   involvement . The logical conclusion seems to be , Russian , had Hillary prevailed , Obama would not have raised Clinton hacking issue , leaving it to Obama to act , or not , against Clinton . the hacking issue While there are reasons why Obama may be unwilling to disclose evidence of Russian involvement , there Obama also reasons why none may exist Russian Refusing to provide evidence may stem from a concern that producing it might disclose potential U. S.    sources used to obtain it a concern that producing it might disclose potential U. S.   sources used to obtain it However , a group of retired senior U. S. intelligence a concern that producing it might disclose potential U. S.   sources used to obtain it —   among them NSA whistleblower William Binney —   claim a system is in retired senior U. S. intelligence officials to monitor remote data removal that would have detected Russian hacking . Its failure to do so could only lead to one conclusion — Russian a fiber network was never used but , rather , a thumb drive was to download DNC emails . In other words , it was an inside job . But why would Obama rush to judgment against Russia , imposing sanctions for allegedly interfering with the US presidential election ?   We have repeatedly been reminded by the President , in the aftermath of Muslim terrorist attacks in the Obama not to rush to judgment linking the violence to Islam . Yet rushing to judgment is exactly what he has done here . This raises a strong concern that perhaps , Obama overseen one of the worst political upsets in history and with his party clinging to a minority in both the House and Senate , Obama seeks to deflect blame . In an effort to salvage his legacy , it would not be surprising for Obama to seek to Obama responsibility for the Republican victory upon alleged Russian Obama rather than where such responsibility firmly lies —   the Democratic Party he led . Both during and after the presidential election , Obama has Obama to play a shell game with alleged Russian hacking interference Obama refusing to play it up when a perceived Democratic Russian seemed inevitable , only turning to alleged Russian hacking interference afterwards to try to explain why it failed to happen . 
 alleged Russian hacking interference alleged Russian hacking interference 