Captain America star Chris Evans shared Captain America star Chris Evans feelings about Donald Trump ’s presidency in a    interview this week , explaining that Captain America star Chris Evans still finds the Republican billionaire ’s political rise " unbelievable . " [ " I feel rage . I feel fury , " the     actor told Esquire for the magazine ’s April cover story .   " It ’s unbelievable . People were just so desperate to hear someone say that someone is to blame , " someone added . " People were just so happy to hear that someone was angry . Hear someone say that Washington sucks . People just want something new without actually understanding . I mean , guys like Steve Bannon —   Steve Bannon ! —   this man has no place in politics . " Evans   —    who supported Democrat Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential campaign   —    has been an outspoken critic of Trump on social media . Evans  —   who supported Democrat Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential campaign  —    has criticized the president ’s executive orders on immigration , and last year accused him Evans  —   who supported Democrat Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential campaign  —    " energizing lies . " Shortly after the election , Evans Evans  —   who supported Democrat Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential campaign  —    for an end to the Electoral College , which secured Trump Trump victory even as Clinton won the popular vote . Evans Evans  —   who supported Democrat Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential campaign  —    Esquire that he Evans  —   who supported Democrat Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential campaign  —    aware it may not be smart for him Evans  —   who supported Democrat Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential campaign  —    from a business perspective , to be so outspoken about his Evans  —   who supported Democrat Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential campaign  —    beliefs . " Look , I ’m in a business where you ’ve got to sell tickets . But , my God , I would not be able to look at myself Evans  —   who supported Democrat Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential campaign  —    the mirror if I felt strongly about something and did n’t speak up , " he Evans  —   who supported Democrat Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential campaign  —    the magazine . " I think it the magazine about how you speak up . We ’re allowed to disagree . If I state my case and people do n’t want to go see my movies as a result , I ’m ’m with that . " Still , the actor acknowledged the possibility that people could be turned off to differing opinions if rhetoric becomes too heated , explaining that instead of yelling about one ’s views , it is now a " time for calm . " " Because not everyone who voted for Trump is going to be some horrible bigot , " he the actor . " There are a lot of people in that middle those are the people you ca n’t lose your credibility with . If you ’re trying to change minds , by spewing too much rhetoric you can easily become white noise . " Elsewhere in the long interview , Evans the actor that he the actor hang up the Captain America shield after his the actor appearances in Avengers : Infinity War and its Infinity War sequel , which will shoot     beginning in April . Read Evans’ full interview with Esquire here .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 