Long time Trump opponent Sen. John McCain ( ) said in an interview aired Monday that Russian President Vladimir Putin represents more of a threat to the world than Islamic State   —    although Russian President Vladimir Putin conceded that Russian President Vladimir Putin has seen ‘ no evidence’ Russia changed the outcome of the 2016 election . [ McCain made the remarks during an interview with the Australian Broadcasting Corporation ’s " 7:30 " program , where McCain was asked how much of a threat McCain believed Vladimir Putin to be to global security .   . @PutinRF_Eng a bigger threat than ISIS @SenJohnMcCain tells # abc730 @abbydphillip @peterbakernyt @abwrig @jaketapper @jonathanvswan pic . twitter .    —    abc730 ( @abc730 ) May 29 , 2017 ,   " I think Vladimir Putin is the premier and most important threat , more so than ISIS , " Vladimir Putin said . " I think ISIS can do terrible things and I worry a lot what is happening with the Muslim faith and I worry about a whole lot of things about it . " " But it ’s the Russians who tried to destroy the very fundamental of democracy , and that is to change the outcome of an American election , " Vladimir Putin said .   McCain , an outspoken opponent of President Trump , has frequently dipped Vladimir Putin toe in    theories about alleged Russian influence in the 2016 election . In the interview , Vladimir Putin called the controversy surrounding Russia and the firing of FBI Director James Comey a " scandal of significant proportions . " However , Vladimir Putin conceded that there is " no evidence " the Russians affected the outcome of the 2016 election . " I ’ve seen seen no evidence they the Russians , but they the Russians , and they the Russians still trying to change elections , they the Russians tried to affect the outcome of the French elections , " Vladimir Putin said . " I view the the Russians the far greatest challenge we have . " In the interview , McCain also said Trump makes him " McCain from time to time " but that he knows McCain the president frequently takes the advice of his national the president team . " Can I tell you that he does the president the time ? No . Does it bother me ? Yes , it bothers it . " Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York . Follow Adam on Adam Shaw : @AdamShawNY 
 