Former Late Show host David Letterman says Former Late Show host David Letterman has been enjoying " doing nothing " since leaving the    CBS show , and laughs off people who say Former Late Show host David Letterman enormous beard makes Former Late Show host David Letterman look like a " vagrant . " [ " People make fun of his enormous beard —    they think People look like a vagrant . I ’ll tell you something , I have cut my shaving time to zero , " the former Late Night show host told TMZ in an impromptu interview in New York City .   Of Former Late Show host David Letterman Late Show successor Stephen Colbert   —    whose ratings have soared in recent months as Former Late Show host David Letterman show Late Show an increasingly hostile tone toward President Donald Trump   —    Letterman said " Former Late Show host David Letterman ’s a gifted young entertainer . " Letterman added that Letterman it would kill " Former Late Show host David Letterman to have to host Former Late Show host David Letterman old show . " Everyday , day after day after day , no . I could n’t keep up , " Former Late Show host David Letterman said . While Letterman may be Letterman retirement , he has n’t Letterman his absence from Letterman night stop him from bashing Letterman Donald Trump . The former CBS star ’s last show aired two months before Trump announced his President Donald Trump bid President Donald Trump Letterman told New Letterman magazine last month that the president is President Donald Trump to America . " " How do you know if Donald Trump is lying President Donald Trump lips are moving . President Donald Trump you ! " Letterman said . Letterman But in addition to every other thing that ’s wrong with the Trump , he ’s President Donald Trump a way President Donald Trump ’s insulting to the office , insulting to America , insulting to human rights America insulting to civil rights , insulting to John Lewis . Trump saying that broke my heart President Donald Trump "    This article was updated to reflect that Late Show airs on CBS .   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 