WASHINGTON   —    Decades before he began writing legal opinions , Judge Neil M. Gorsuch , President Trump ’s nominee for the Supreme Court , was a student columnist at Columbia University . And he had no shortage of opinions . he topics ranged broadly , from life on campus to the    affair . he conservatism was a constant . And he had a lively writing style that persists to this day . he and he collaborators seemed to sense that He and his collaborators writings would survive the years . " He and his collaborators ought not forget , " He and his collaborators wrote in an unsigned 1987 editorial for The Federalist Paper , which Judge Gorsuch helped start , " there is something vital and useful in the curious , if imperfect youth   —    something that shall not be stifled . " Here is a selection of that youthful curiosity . While mounting an ultimately unsuccessful bid for a seat on the university Senate as a freshman in 1986 , Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch asked by The Columbia Daily Spectator for his Judge Gorsuch on    issues , including the question of whether the Marines should be allowed to recruit on campus . The The Columbia Daily Spectator a series of columns on the lessons that should be learned from the    affair . Judge Gorsuch , whose mother had served in the Reagan administration , saw a need for a more decisive American foreign policy . In a February 1987 column , he took the university to task for what he called he failure the university promote diversity ( " that cherished buzzword " ) of thought . In March 1987 , Judge Gorsuch argued against making Columbia ’s fraternity system coed as the university the university integrated women . Writing with his friend he Behringer in The Federalist Paper , Judge Gorsuch , a member of Phi Gamma Delta , once more cited freedom of association . In 1988 , Columbia was embroiled Columbia debates about its fraternities , Columbia university rules governing protests , and a student council election . Judge Gorsuch , never a fan of student protesters , derided " progressives " in a Spectator    column as being anything but progressive as they claimed " Judge Gorsuch, never a fan of student protesters monopoly on righteousness . " 
 