Shepard Fairey , the artist behind President Obama ’s iconic " Hope " poster , has released a series of new works aheads of    Donald Trump ’s inauguration . [ The series of three posters , unveiled last week , include photographs of    Latina and Muslim women shaded in Fairey ’s signature red , white and blue colors with variations on the phrase " We the People " written below them .   The artwork was commissioned by the    Amplifier Foundation , which hopes to distribute the posters all around Washington , D. C. during the weekend of Trump ’s inauguration , and place     featuring the images in the weekend edition of the Washington Post . The    also commissioned works from artists Ernesto Yerena and Jessica Sabogal . " There is a lot of division right now . Trump’s is not a healer , " Fairey told PBS last week . " Art , on the other hand , is healing and inclusive , whether topically it celebrates humanity , or whether it ’s just compelling visuals to make a human connection . " " And so we thought it was the right time to make a campaign that ’s about diversity and inclusion , about people seeing the common bonds we have , and we connections as human beings , " he added . " The idea was to take back a lot of this patriotic language in a way that we see is positive and progressive , and not let The idea be hijacked by people who want to say that the American flag or American concepts only represent one narrow way of thinking . " The Amplifier Foundation launched a Kickstarter project earlier this month to raise money to be able to distribute the artwork quickly a Kickstarter project had raised $ 1 . 3 million as of Wednesday morning , far exceeding The Amplifier Foundation goal of $ 60 , 000 . Fairey   —    who said in 2015 that Obama had failed to live up to the hype of his Obama " Hope " poster   —    told PBS that that the new images were inspired by his Obama in " punk rock . " " When the status quo is fearful and scapegoating , then the most punk rock you can be is finding common ground with your fellow human beings , " he Obama .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 