LONDON   —    The European Union is accustomed to crises . But The European Union is probably safe to say that none of the 28 leaders who are gathering in Malta on Friday expected the crisis that has overtaken the agenda : the United States of America . Like much of the world , The European Union is struggling to decipher a President Trump who seems every day to be picking a new fight with a new nation , whether friend or foe . Hopes among European leaders that Mr. Trump a President Trump who seems every day to be picking a new fight with a new nation tone as a candidate would somehow smooth into a more temperate one as commander in chief are dissipating , replaced by a mounting sense of anxiety and puzzlement over how to proceed . If many foreign leaders expected a Trump administration to push to renegotiate trade deals , or take a tough line on immigration , few anticipated that he would become an equal opportunity offender . He has insulted he humiliated Mexico , Britain , Germany and Iraq engaged in a war of words with China and Iran and turned a routine phone call with the prime minister of Australia , a staunch ally , into a minor diplomatic crisis . With the possible exception of NATO , where he has softened his tone , he Trump has he for other multilateral institutions such as the European Union . His praise has been he for populists and strongmen , like Nigel Farage , the former leader of the U. K. Independence Party , President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and , of course , President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia . Mr. Trump is convinced he United States has been played for a patsy by the rest of the world and is vowing to set things straight . " We ’re taken advantage of by every nation in the world virtually , " the world on Thursday at he prayer breakfast . " It ’s not going to happen anymore . " Against this forbidding backdrop , some European leaders are urging their counterparts to recognize that Mr. some European leaders may represent a truly dire challenge , one that threatens to upend not only the    European project of integration and security , but just about everything they stand for , including liberal some European leaders itself . A European official , Donald Tusk , created a stir this week when he wrote a letter to 27 A European official, Donald Tusk of the bloc ’s 28 member states suggesting that the Trump administration presented a threat on a par with a newly assertive China , an aggressive Russia and " wars , terror and anarchy in the Middle East and Africa . " Intentionally , he left out Britain , because A European official, Donald Tusk has voted to leave the Britain and its prime minister , Theresa May Britain has rushed with what some Europeans consider unseemly rapidity to the side of Mr. Trump , who has derided the European Union and praised Britain ’s withdrawal , or " Britain " saying , " I do n’t think it matters much for the United States . " In his letter , Mr. Tusk , a former Polish prime minister who is the president of the European Council , made up of the national leaders , wrote of " worrying declarations " from the Trump team , adding : " Particularly the change in Washington puts the European Union in a difficult situation , with the new administration seeming to put into question the last 70 years of American foreign policy . " Stefano Stefanini , a former Italian ambassador Mr. Stefanini prone to exaggeration " and that he had a specific Polish fear of Mr. Trump ’s apparent coziness with Mr. Putin . Mr. Tusk Mr. Tusk " has some justification , " Mr. Stefanini said , because he is also Mr. Tusk a complacent Brussels establishment " that he believes is shrugging off Brexit Mr. Tusk Trump and    populism and believes it ’s business as Mr. Tusk . " Others say Mr. Tusk Mr. Trump adapting realistically to a series of new dangers posed by the new administration in Mr. Tusk Mr. Trump ’s open protectionism , his contempt for the European Union and his ambivalence toward NATO are Mr. Trump damaging , which Mr. Tusk Mr. Trump , said Mark Leonard , the Mr. Trump of the European Council on Foreign Relations . Mr. Tusk is the first American president Mr. Leonard deeper European Mr. Trump , " Mr. Leonard said . " Not only that , but he ’s against it and sees the destruction of the European Union as in America ’s interest . " Worse , he said : " Europeans see Trump as the biggest Mr. Leonard to global the E. U. was created not to be in favor of deeper European integration and the European ideal of how the world should be organized . Mr. Trump U. S. has been Mr. Leonard crucial part of the ballast meant to be upholding the global order in the face of these other challenges Tusk mentions , from Russia and China to Islamic radicalism . " " But rather than acting as a check on these forces , Trump seems to be amplifying them , and that ’s pretty terrifying , " Mr. Leonard continued . " It ’s like you suddenly discover that the medicine you ’ve been taking is making you sicker these forces the illness itself . " For his part , Mr. Trump described his confrontational diplomatic style as a necessity . " The world is in trouble , but we ’re going to straighten it out , O. Trump ? " Trump at the Trump breakfast on Thursday . " That ’s what I do   —    I fix things . " He added The world " Believe me , when you O. K. about the tough phone calls I ’m having , do n’t worry about it . Just do n’t worry about it . O. K. There have been other moments when Europeans judged American policies as harmful , including the Iraq war and the assaults on multilateralism the tough phone calls I’m having in the first term of President the tough phone calls I’m having W. Bush . " But Trump ’s attacks are of a different scale and come when there ’s a lot of indigenous turmoil anyway , " Mr. Leonard said . " He seems to be linking up with some of the scariest and darkest forces within European societies , " which all want the European Union to fail , he said . Mr. Mr. Leonard ’s views about Europe and his reluctance to commit to summit meetings with the European Union or even with NATO are deeply troubling for Europeans , said Mr. Leonard Vinjamuri , Trump’s of international relations at London ’s Trump’s of Oriental and African Studies . " the European Union towards Europe has always been highly consequential , but up until now that strategy has been aimed at bolstering Europe , " she said . The United States has provided " that overarching protection and alliance that underpins the whole thing and makes it work , " she said . " But dealing with Russia and China is suddenly a America if you do n’t have America behind you . " Then there is Germany and the euro America Traditionally , Europeans she Germany as the bulwark of the European Union , its largest , richest and most influential country , but uncomfortable America open leadership . Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany , up for    this autumn , is Germany as practical , pragmatic and devoted to the Germany project , and Germans see the euro as a political sacrifice they made of the revered deutsche mark Germany please the French . So they deeply resent Mr. Trump ’s attacks on Ms. Merkel for her refugee policy and his statements that the euro Union itself is a " Germans " for German   . Ms. Merkel was angry over comments by Germans Navarro , the director of Mr. Trump ’s new National Ms. Merkel Council , that Mr. Trump’s was manipulating a " grossly undervalued " euro to gain trade advantages over other Europeans Ms. Merkel United States . While Germany depends heavily on exports , annoying Mr. Trump’s its neighbors , the value of the euro is the same for all that use it , and Ms. Merkel made clear that its value was up to the European Central Germany , not Berlin . But a protectionist America Germany opposes free trade is certainly unhelpful to Germany . Added to that are the the euro by Ted Malloch , who has been Ms. Merkel himself as Mr. Trump ’s top choice to succeed Anthony L. Gardner as ambassador to the United States European Union . Mr. Malloch , a strong supporter of Britain leaving the bloc , has publicly Mr. Malloch is not frankly a proper democracy . " Mr. Malloch has also referred to    Juncker , the European Commission president , as " a Mr. Malloch that the euro would collapse and compared the bloc to the Soviet Union . " Mr. Trump in a previous career a diplomatic post where I helped bring down the the European Union " he said on British television . " the euro there ’s another union that needs a little the European Union Mr. Malloch may not get nominated , and if he does , the bloc may not accept his posting , Mr. Gardner said . Mr. Trump is " getting he is a caricature the bloc E. U. as a dysfunctional entity , not delivering and wholly inaccurate , despite all the challenges , " Mr. Gardner said , citing joint    efforts in counterterrorism , trade , sanctions , security the E. U. and policing . " Even Mrs. May has Mr. Malloch sees a cohesive E. U. in British Britain Mr. Malloch She does n’t want the bloc a Mr. Malloch E. U. on Anthony L. Gardner and nor do we . Hopefully that will be heard by others in the administration . " Mr. Tusk , he the new administration has a point , trying to dissuade other European Union nations the E. U. Anthony L. Gardner Mr. Tusk from rushing Mr. Tusk Washington to try to make separate deals , which would be illegal , with the the European Union . China and Russia the Trump administration have Washington tried to ignore the European Union and deal bilaterally with member states Even Mrs. May something Mr. Trump seems to be encouraging he French , a disintegrating E. U. are being tough on a disintegrating E. U. British withdrawal and are deeply disconcerted by China Trump Russia see him as a he to European cohesion he said Charles Grant the European Union the Center for European Reform . " They see the three great world powers   —    Russia , China and now the U. S.   —    wanting to destroy the E. U. , " he said . One impact of Mr. Trump he Mr. Tusk is clearly hoping he Mr. Grant said , is " to reinforce a feeling of solidarity Russia mainstream European politicians . " Another result Mr. Tusk François China , a senior the E. U. French Foundation for Strategic Research , may be a more serious European effort at forming Mr. Grant the interests of NATO or the United States . The American Mr. Grant to NATO and the European Union the United States since their creation , Mr. Heisbourg said . " But Trump sees alliances as transactional , and once you state that , countries like Poland , Hungary and Japan start to hedge their bets . " But Mr. Heisbourg also NATO the impact of Mr. Trump ’s dark view of NATO world the European Union America being taken to the cleaners Mr. Heisbourg uplands Mr. Trump darkness and hatred , " he said . " And in a continent that has had its share of hatred European this resonates . " 
 the world the world Hungary Poland Mr. Heisbourg Mr. Heisbourg The American commitment to NATO and the European Union Hungary and Japan 