While many Super Bowl advertisers chose to be silly or sentimental with many Super Bowl advertisers commercials on Sunday , it was the few that ventured   —    or appeared to venture   —    into political territory that attracted the most attention . Among the major brands that used their commercial time for social commentary was Airbnb , which had decided just last week to run an ad . In an ad , the company promoted its the company of an open , multicultural world , reflecting its the company to housing refugees .    revived an ad it the company during the 2014 Super Bowl featuring people singing a multilingual version of " America the Beautiful . " It the company to strike a new chord with viewers , given the recent national conversation around immigration and diversity , and it the company a flood of conversation on Twitter . " I thought it was great for Coke to air an old ad because today it Coke to air an old ad even more relevant than it Coke to air an old ad in 2014 when they first aired it , " said Lynn Power , chief executive of J. Walter Thompson New York . It was a smart move from the brand to    an old message , she Lynn Power, chief executive of J. Walter Thompson New York , given that " you ca n’t say it ’s a reactionary thing . " In an interview before halftime during the game , Rob Schwartz , chief executive of TBWA’’Chiat’’Day New York , said , " If there ’s anything that ’s screaming out here , it ’s diversity . " He Rob Schwartz, chief executive of TBWA’’Chiat’’Day New York : " People are saying , ‘ Is this trolling Trump?’ I do n’t think it ’s trolling . It it a big smack in the face of ‘ dude , this is America . ’ " Still , for the most part , overtly political statements were few and far between   —    by design . A    advertiser , 84 Lumber , had its A   advertiser, 84 Lumber proposal for a commercial rejected by Fox last month for being " too controversial " because it showed a    mother and daughter confronting a border wall between the United States and Mexico . The A   advertiser, 84 Lumber its spot A   advertiser, 84 Lumber remove the wall and directed users to see the end of its commercial A   advertiser, 84 Lumber . Budweiser spent days telling the news media that its ad Budweiser not a response to President Trump ’s recent immigration crackdown . The company A   advertiser, 84 Lumber journey of one of its founders to the United A   advertiser, 84 Lumber from Germany in the 1800s and the discrimination he overcame on his way President Trump success . President Trump hashtag # BoycottBudweiser trended on Twitter early on Sunday evening , apparently started by people who disliked the ad . But it was then used by The hashtag #BoycottBudweiser to defend Budweiser and mock the people who were boycotting the ad . Carl Marci the ad neuroscientist at Nielsen , the TV ratings company , said , " If you make people think too much or get too serious during a game where people are really looking to be entertained , you ’re taking a risk . " That risk can pay off , a risk Audi ’s ad went viral before the game , having passed five a game where people are really looking to be entertained on YouTube as of Friday . It was narrated by a father asking pointed Audi’s ad about what to tell his young daughter one day as she competed a father a cart race , such his young daughter , " Do I tell her that despite her education , her drive his young daughter her skills his young daughter her intelligence his young daughter she will his young daughter be valued his young daughter less than his young daughter man she ever meets ? " As she won his young daughter race , he reflected that his young daughter he would be able to " tell her he different . " The commercial ended his young daughter text including a line saying that Audi of America is " committed to equal pay for equal work . " But escapism and sentimentality were the strategy for many advertisers as brands tried to provide an antidote to the weighty issues facing the country this year . Mr. Clean was America as something of a sex symbol . Michelob Ultra used the theme song from " Cheers " in its ad , which presented the label as a Michelob Ultra beer . Justin Bieber showed off his dance moves for    while Avocados From Mexico Justin Bieber used subliminal messaging to urge more avocado consumption . " Very often on the Super Bowl , we see emotional advertising , or we see    advertising , " said Tim Calkins , a    professor at Northwestern University ’s Kellogg School of Management . He added , " All the controversy in the Tim Calkins, a marketing professor at Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management is making advertisers nervous about addressing big , significant issues , and in a polarizing time , it is safest to stick to the product and stick to lighthearted humor . " Advertisers were willing to pay , on average , about $ 5 million for    spots during the Super Bowl this year   —    or around $ 167 , 000 per second   —    and even more in promotional costs to reach the game ’s more than 100 million viewers . Many released the full ads or teasers online before Sunday while brands such as Snickers and Hyundai went the opposite route , producing their commercials during the game itself , which aired brands such as Snickers and Hyundai Fox . Some were not impressed by the bulk of the ads that aired on Sunday , particularly given the rising cost of the Sunday . " Comedy , celebrities and anthropomorphic creatures seem to be the    schtick , " said Andrew Essex , the chief executive of Tribeca Enterprises and a former C. E. O. of the creative agency Droga5 . " After 50 years , half a century , it ’s all feeling a little formulaic , " he added . " I find myself , as Andrew Essex, the chief executive of Tribeca Enterprises and a former C. E. O. of the creative agency Droga5 who ’s not doing this Andrew Essex, the chief executive of Tribeca Enterprises and a former C. E. O. of the creative agency Droga5 , wondering if this is the single greatest act of economic immolation on the planet . " Others felt that the ads delivered . " People want to see lighthearted things in the Super Bowl , especially at a time when there are so many big issues in the country , " Mr. Calkins said . 
 