Newly arrived Fox News host Tucker Carlson will take over the coveted 9 p. m.    left by the departure of Megyn Kelly , who is heading to NBC later this year . [ The     host of Tucker Carlson Tonight joined the network just two months ago as a replacement for outgoing host Greta van Susteren . His outgoing host Greta van Susteren p. m. show has been a hit , averaging 2 . 8 million total viewers and posting strong ratings in the key    demo , according to the Hollywood Reporter .   Carlson Tucker Carlson begin hosting the 9 p. m. hour on Monday , January 9 . Kelly ’s last day at the the network Friday , January 6 . " In less than two months , Tucker has taken cable news by storm with his spirited Tucker and consistently strong performance , " Fox News chief Rupert Murdoch said in a statement . " Viewers have overwhelmingly responded to the show and we look forward to him being Fox News chief Rupert Murdoch part of Fox News’ powerful primetime   . " The move to 9 p. m. on cable ’s    network is Carlson ’s biggest television gig yet he hosted Carlson ’s The Spin Room and later , its innovative The Spin Room show Crossfire , before moving on to MSNBC for several years with his own Carlson , called The Situation with Tucker Carlson , later renamed Tucker . In 2010 , he founded Carlson conservative news website The Daily Caller . The Drudge Report was the first to report the news of Carlson ’s Tucker Carlson Meanwhile , Martha MacCallum will take over Carlson ’s 7 Tucker Carlson slot with a new show titled The First 100 Days , which will center on President Donald Trump ’s first three months in office , and Fox News reporter Shannon Bream will appear on America ’s Newsroom opposite Bill Hemmer . " Martha is a versatile Martha MacCallum skilled anchor who has proven to be an essential component of our news programming . For the last 12 years , our viewers have trusted our reporting and we Martha MacCallum pleased she our be part Martha MacCallum our primetime    for our first 100 days of the new presidency , " Murdoch said in a statement . Kelly , one of Fox News ’s two biggest stars next to Bill O’Reilly , is leaving the network for her own daytime news Bill O’Reilly and Sunday night newsmagazine show on NBC . Her start date at Bill O’Reilly new network has the network announced .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 