CNN has published a stinging fact check of the Trump Administration , exposing several falsehoods in a joke that White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer made Tuesday about salad dressing . [ During the afternoon ’s White House press briefing , White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer made a quip about conspiracy theories that U. S. President Donald Trump is an agent of Russian President Vladimir Putin   —    recruited via blackmail in 2013   —    and how the professional journalists who believe this conspiracy might add consumption of " Russian dressing " to the professional journalists who believe this conspiracy pile of circumstantial evidence .   Case closed ? Hardly . CNN ’s Michelle Krupa dug deep and found that ACKSHUALLY , Russian dressing has no direct connection to the country that hacked CNN election . Michelle Krupa penned a fact check headlined " Russian dressing is actually from Nashua , New Hampshire " : " If the President puts Russian salad dressing on the President salad tonight , somehow that ’s a Russia connection , " Sean Spicer said . Thing is , Russian dressing is n’t Russian . ( Also , Russian dressing ’s really not for salads , but more of a sandwich spread   —    usually a Reuben . ) The mayo and ketchup concoction   —    often dressed up with horseradish and spices   —    was created in Nashua , New Hampshire . This is not the first    fact check of Trump or Trump administration , but The mayo and ketchup concoction  —   often dressed up with horseradish and spices  —    could end up in the hall of fame   —    along with these winners from Krupa ’s peers : • Both CNN and NBC News called BS in the second presidential debate of 2016 after Trump said that Hillary Clinton " acid washed " Hillary Clinton "acid email server   —    for , instead of literally washing the device with acid , Hillary Clinton "acid tech team merely used a program called " BleachBit " to delete the server ’s data . • The Associated Press " fact checked " Trump opinion that actress Meryl Streep is overrated . • In the inverse of this phenomenon , PolitiFact has called two statements from Trump Trump half true " and " mostly false , " even though the articles concede that the claims and numbers he PolitiFact forward are accurate . 
 