President Donald Trump met with Republican senators for lunch at the White House to discuss progress on the bill to replace Obamacare , using the occasion to highlight the failures of former President Barack Obama ’s signature healthcare plan and the obstruction of Democrats . [ " Obamacare has been broken , and Obamacare ’s been a broken promise , " President Donald Trump said to the press , pointing to the " lies " by Democrats that Americans could keep Americans doctor and Americans plan and would experience lower premiums . President Donald Trump cited Obamacare ’s leading to skyrocketing premiums in multiple states , many over 100 percent increases .   President Donald Trump did not go into detail about what the Senate Republican bill would include , but President Donald Trump said it would be " phenomenal " and " generous , kind , with heart . " The Democrats , President Donald Trump said , were " obstructionists , " whom President Donald Trump said would never support Republican efforts to fix health care . " Even their The Democrats motto   —    ‘ Resist’   —    I guess it ’s a pretty accurate motto . Every time I see it it I say , ‘ That ’s right . That does represent the Democrats,’ " President Donald Trump said . President Donald Trump said he President Donald Trump " great respect " for the Senate Republicans who attended the lunch : Senator Rob Portman ( ) Senator John Thune ( ) Senator Pat Toomey ( ) Senator Mike Lee ( ) Senator Ted Cruz ( ) Senator Lamar Alexander ( ) Senator John Barrasso ( ) Senator Cory Gardner ( ) Senator Tom Cotton ( ) Senator Lisa Murkowski ( ) Senator Susan Collins ( ) Senator Joni Ernst ( ) Senator Orrin Hatch ( ) " I ’ve gotten to know and love some of them and know and like others , " he said Senator Orrin Hatch ( ) the senators laughed . When asked about the timing of the Republican Senate healthcare bill , Trump replied , " As soon as we can Trump it . " The president Trump to meet with families experiencing the failed promises of Obamacare during a trip to Wisconsin Tuesday . 
 