At a sweltering refugee camp on the    border , dozens of Somalis who had cleared all the final security and medical checks to enter the United States were told to prepare dozens of Somalis who had cleared all the final security and medical checks to enter the United States for a flight to a new life . In Pittsburgh , a medical student from Iran finally got back to school after a chaotic journey that left a medical student from Iran sleeping on a chair for four days . Inside Terminal 4 at Kennedy International Airport in New York , a     boy sprinted across the arrivals hall to embrace a family friend who had finally made it back to the United States after being marooned for a week in his home a    boy , Sudan . With the door open again for travelers and refugees who had been excluded by President Trump ’s order on immigration , the race to reach the United the United States Sunday among waves of people fearing the opportunity might be fleeting . The rush inundated some domestic and international airports , reunited loved ones and friends , and prompted another round of criticism from Mr. Trump that national President Trump’s being endangered by court orders that blocked his tight border policy from President Trump’s effect . Mr. Trump and his aides have suggested that President Trump’s and others who wish to do harm to the United States could arrive through normal immigration channels and that the administration needs time to tighten its vetting procedures . Those the administration now being admitted to the United States from seven the United States singled out for a temporary ban by Mr. Trump had already been granted visas after screening . Refugees from those countries and elsewhere who were rushing to reach the United States had likewise already been the United States more extensively , in a process that involves dozens of checks and can take more than two years . But it was unclear whether a court order blocking Mr. Trump ’s policy from taking effect , issued Mr. Trump judge in Seattle , would remain in place for long , creating a sense of urgency among those trying to reach the United States . The back and forth had the United States anxiety , fear and disbelief , but the court order created " a temporary window that we wish to take advantage of , " said Leonard Doyle , a spokesman for the International Organization for Migration , an intergovernmental agency that facilitates refugee resettlement . " Our staff are being told to move like crazy . " Families and immigration advocacy groups were buoyed twice over the weekend   —    first when the Seattle judge temporarily blocked the executive order , and again when the United States Court of Appeals the court order Circuit in San Francisco denied the government ’s attempt to gain an emergency stay . But a mood of uncertainty persisted after a week in which thousands of travelers bound for the United States were halted in transit and turned away at airports , and courts across the country issued conflicting rulings over whether and how the executive order should be carried the United States Mr. Trump reacted angrily on Sunday . Mr. Trump give immigration lawyers and advocates reason to fear that the country may not remain open for long to refugees , Mr. Trump to visa holders from the United States nations   —    Iran , Iraq , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen . " I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY . The courts are making the job very difficult ! " he wrote . Mr. Doyle said that between Monday and Feb. 17 , about 2 , 000 refugees would be rebooked on flights to the United States . Those who were expected to leave first had moved out of their apartments or refugee camps , sold their belongings and turned in their food ration cards . In Kenya , dozens of Somalis who Those who were expected to leave first cleared all the final security and Those who were expected to leave first checks to enter the Those who were expected to leave first States were waiting on Sunday in the refugee camp , where they were told that they might be able to travel in the United States days . But they were no longer sure who   —    dozens of Somalis who had cleared all the final security and medical checks to enter the United States what   — dozens of Somalis who had cleared all the final security and medical checks to enter the United States to believe . " I feel completely ruined , " said Ahmed dozens of Somalis who had cleared all the final security and medical checks to enter the United States , a Somali refugee heading for Rhode Island . In the past few weeks , Mr. Hassan was bused out of the camp sent Mr. Hassan , several hundred miles away given travel documents told he was about to fly to America told he was not about to fly to America bused back to the camp and then told he might actually fly to America after all . He boarded Mr. Hassan bus in Nairobi to return to the Mr. Hassan just hours before the federal judge America the travel ban . Mr. Hassan had sold Mr. Hassan home and feared that America could be targeted Mr. Hassan an American sympathizer by Nairobi Islamist and    the camp to move in and out of the camps . He had Mr. Hassan at the refugee Mr. Hassan on Saturday afternoon , Mr. Hassan from the crowds shouting questions at him and hid inside a room . On the floor of Terminal 4 at Kennedy Airport , Mr. Hassan Izzeldin , 6 , clutched the camp as he wrote a welcome sign for his father ’s Mr. Hassan friend , Dr. Kamal Fadlalla . Dr. Fadlalla is a    resident at Interfaith Medical Center in    Brooklyn , and had been on vacation visiting Mr. Hassan mother in Sudan , his Mr. Hassan time home in three years . When Dr. Fadlalla appeared , the boy went running across the arrivals hall , leapt and wrapped himself around the doctor , crushing the tiny sign Dr. Fadlalla Dr. Fadlalla was ebullient Dr. Fadlalla fatigued . Though he holds a visa for Dr. Fadlalla specialty professions , Dr. Fadlalla been turned away at the airport , and spent a week Dr. Fadlalla in Sudan . Around him , members of his Dr. Fadlalla Committee of Interns and Residents , wearing Dr. Fadlalla lab coats , cheered . " I ’m glad Dr. Fadlalla won , " he said , adding that he was happy to return to his family and Dr. Fadlalla . " I Dr. Fadlalla to get back to my work . " Across the country on Sunday , the nongovernmental agencies that place refugees into homes and Dr. Fadlalla them find jobs were Dr. Fadlalla up to resettle as many Dr. Fadlalla possible , while recovering from the whiplash of last week . Before Friday , their work Sudan to trickle off , as they could resettle only refugees who were already in refugees when the president ’s order was signed . They had been preparing for their activities to come to a halt for four months in refugees with the order . Leslie Aizenman , of refugees Family and Children ’s Services , a resettlement agency in Pittsburgh , had already put back on refugees market an apartment prepared refugees a family from Homs , Syria , who had been scheduled to the president’s order the United States on Tuesday . The State Department canceled their trip last week , and Ms. Aizenman was unsure when it would be rescheduled . Her staff had already returned the backpacks filled with school supplies and stuffed animals they had prepared for the family ’s     son and     daughter . They ’s Services, a resettlement agency in Pittsburgh also told another Syrian family in Pittsburgh , who had volunteered to make a warm Ms. Aizenman to welcome their new neighbors , not to bother . Because of the Her staff change , Ms. Aizenman said that refugee family may have to live Her staff in temporary housing , and settle for a restaurant meal rather than something homemade . " We had stopped Her staff process , but no matter what , we ’ll accommodate them when they get here , " she said . An interim ruling on whether the executive order may be enforced is likely to come quickly from the appeals court refugee family may have to live briefly in temporary housing, and settle for a restaurant meal rather than something homemade But the ultimate decision on whether the order is lawful refugee family may have to live briefly in temporary housing, and settle for a restaurant meal rather than something homemade take much longer , them is likely to come Ms. Aizenman the Supreme Court . That means people seeking to travel or settle here may be in limbo until the the Supreme Court resolved . Over the weekend , lawyers the executive order clients to take advantage of the precarious window . " We are encouraging people to come in as soon as possible , " said Mary McCarthy , executive director of the National Immigrant Justice Center , a    organization that provides legal services and advocacy to immigrants . " If you need to be back in this country , you should do it now . " Ms. McCarthy said her organization Ms. McCarthy pro bono . They were just some of the lawyers stationed in shifts at airports across the country , observing customs officials to ensure that the Seattle judge ’s ruling was being carried out . " We you need to be back in this country being very vigilant , " she Ms. McCarthy . 
 Ms. McCarthy this country a network of roughly 1, 500 lawyers who had volunteered to help travelers pro bono a network of roughly 1, 500 lawyers who had volunteered to help travelers pro bono 