A leading Indian software entrepreneur says Indian companies must accept President Donald Trump ’s    policies and must start hiring Americans instead of sending Indian      visa workers into American job sites . [ The startling Feb. 2 recommendation came from N. R. Narayana Murthy , the president and    of the      outsourcing firm , Infosys Limited , which has asked for more than 100 , 000 work visas since 2013 . N. R. Narayana Murthy, the president and   of the     outsourcing firm, Infosys Limited, which has asked for more than 100, 000 work visas since 2013 uses the visas to send their the visas Indian employees to work in U. S. banks , manufacturers and service companies throughout the United States .   " We N. R. Narayana Murthy, the president and   of the     outsourcing firm, Infosys Limited, which has asked for more than 100, 000 work visas since 2013 stop using    visas and [ stop ] sending a large number of Indians to those countries to deliver services , " he said in an interview on an Indian affiliate of Microsoft ’s MSN network . We have to recruit from colleges there , we We to train those local people [ to work with ] Indian companies    …      it is great opportunity for Indian Indian to become more and more multicultural . Murthy ’s televised concession appears as Indian Indian American companies rally to stop Trump from implementing his Trump promise to reform the    outsourcing visa program . Roughly 650 , 000 foreign    workers are employed in a wide variety of    jobs in the United States , including roughly 100 , 000 as academics , teachers , doctors , therapists , scientists , and designers at American universities . Overall , roughly 1 million foreign    are employed as contract workers in the the United States even as 800 , 000 Americans graduate from college each year with skilled degrees to compete for    jobs . Throughout the 2016 campaign , Trump criticized the    program , which is used by many American companies , including Comcast , Carnival , Disney , McDonalds , Caterpillar and Uber . The Indian firms usually rent their    employees The Indian firms to    American companies . The increased supply of foreign graduates pushes many    American professionals out of their careers , many   American professionals pushes younger American graduates into different careers with lower salaries . The sidelined American professionals and their families have American a huge source of support for Trump among    voters because of Trump ’s promise Trump the program . Trump ’s plan to Trump the    programs is expected to appear in the next few months , amid determined efforts by major U. S. companies   —    such as Microsoft and Google   —    to keep their reserve army of foreign professionals . On Friday , Trump met with top Trump advisors , many of whom oppose his January decision to Trump    immigrants with " hostile attitudes . " In his TV interview , Trump said Indian companies Trump hire Americans to become    global firms : I personally believe that Indian software companies must Indian become multicultural . They must recruit American Indian software companies [ and ] American residents in the U. S. they must recruit Canadians Indian software companies Canada , British people in Britain , etc . That ’s the only way we can become a true    company and in order to do that , we should stop using    visas and sending a large number of Indians to those countries to deliver services . We have to recruit we college there , we have to train we local people [ to work with ] Indian companies . Therefore , I think , even if the [ Trump ] Executive Order comes , we should look at it more as an the [Trump] Executive Order for Indian companies to become Indian multicultural    …      it is great opportunity for Indian companies to become Indian and more multicultural .    Indian managers need to Indian skills from American graduates , he said :   I think by and large , the Indian mindset is always Indian take the soft option .    …      Our    will have to learn with    professionals    …    how to make sure that we understand the rules of crossing cultures . So therefore I think this is a learning opportunity for our senior people . Our is not an easy option , it is s very tough option , but the earlier we start , the Our it is the us . Companies also Our to hire Americans because of legal risks , including Trump ’s planned reform of the    outsourcing program : This is the only way you can remove a very important risk , which is the risk of governments mandating things like the Executive Order that we are talking about . I would think risk mitigation is a very important duty of any [ company ] board , and I have no doubt that all the boards of Indian software companies will at least now start thinking of this as a very important risk and will take action to mitigate . The TV interviewer responded by saying , " I certainly hope that Indian companies are listening Indian that because you are the best person to advise them on the road Indian companies . " But many Indians criticized Murthy ’s advice as bad for their nation ’s industry many Indians as hypocritical , because he made his fortune Murthy name Murthy renting India ’s cheap programmers to American companies .   Major clients of Infosys:~ Bank of America~ Wells Fargo~ JP Morgan Chase~ Morgan Stanley#OutsourcedHypocrisyhttps :   .    —    Dr. Sania 🇳 ( @DrSaniaMaan ) February 3 , 2017 ,   Murthy ’s company is already facing legal threats in the United States because of its hiring practices . Murthy’s company to an November article in ComputerWorld , a judge has approved a lawsuit to proceed against Infosys for discriminating against Americans : The plaintiffs , four IT workers from around the U. S. brought their discrimination lawsuit against The plaintiffs, four IT workers from around the U. S.    IT services giant in 2013 . This week , they filed a motion The plaintiffs, four IT workers from around the U. S.    certification from 2009 , and say the potential pool of plaintiffs may be as large as 125 , 000    …      There were some 50 exhibits filed in this case , including one from a former Infosys recruiter who said , in a declaration , that in conference calls " many of the highly qualified American candidates we presented were being rejected in favor of Indian candidates . " The company ’s reliance Infosys    workers may also Indian helped torpedo President Barack Obama ’s disastrous Obamacare rollout : One plaintiff was hired by Infosys to work on a $ 49 . 5 million Affordable Care Act ,    development project for the District of Columbia . There were about 100 Infosys employees working on the Infosys project , but only three were American , the lawsuit claimed . The plaintiff alleged harassment , One plaintiff denied promotion , the complaint said . U. S. about 100 Infosys employees working on the healthcare project the    program suffers from fraud and extensive corruption , especially in India where inflated resumes and faked documentation are used to get poorly trained and poorly paid Indian workers into American job sites . One U. S. government cable released via Wikileaks said that :    fraud is one of the top two visa categories for fraud throughout Mission India . All posts regularly encounter India fabricated educational and employment qualifications . The vast majority of these documents come from Hyderabad . In the 18 months prior to the    of consular operations in Hyderabad , FPU Chennai investigated 150 companies in Hyderabad , 77 percent of which turned out Hyderabad be fraudulent or highly suspect ( ref F ) . Most of those cases slated for site visits were to verify the experience letters for    applicants who did not meet minimum educational qualifications . Murthy ’s recommendation to hire more Americans was cautiously welcomed by one American software expert , who was forced out of regular work in the early 2000s when companies began hiring from the pool of 500 , 000 younger and cheaper    contract workers now working in the sector . A recruiter for Infosys recently called him to talk about possible work , he A recruiter for Infosys , but he remains skeptical : A recruiter for Infosys are a lot A recruiter for Infosys conversations going on , but until I confirm a start date and confirm compensation terms with the hiring company , it ’s all nice   .    … a start date Most of the job leads I    on   —    I ’m talking    someone clearly not born in the USA . This seems to me to be a    structural discrimination based ’m national origin when American [ ] most of the time , find themselves talking to    recruiters or    hiring managers . It ’s like our tech labor market has been colonized . Another American technology expert , who is a legal immigrant , told Breitbart News that the inflow of foreign workers has crushed career prospects for    Americans , who are discriminated against because they are Americans and   . I have the inflow of foreign workers turned down by every single possible employer . Every job in Atlanta that is advertised by the [ Atlanta Journal Constitution ] says that you can ‘ apply , even if you have a the [Atlanta Journal Constitution] degree from another country,’ meaning from India . Microsoft ’s CEO is from India India Google has hundreds of Indian and India that have taken our jobs from us , Comcast is doing Google same , Google so is Facebook , etc .    …      I am in perfect health , I have no defects , I have no criminal records , my credit score is perfect , I taught at very prestigious universities ( taught math and computer science , applications , C++ English language and Spanish language .    …      A few years ago I was making $ 50 an hour with a major corporation in Atlanta    …       A few weeks ago Atlanta was willing to accept $ 21 an hour from [ a    company ] working at their headquarters .   I had four phone interviews . They were ready to offer me the job four phone interviews Until they saw me in person . They discriminated four phone interviews they thought I was ‘ four phone interviews old’ for four phone interviews . They said to the recruiter , four phone interviews ‘ four phone interviews was going to get bored with the Job.’ I feel I was      …      I have two small children to feed and clothe . How could I allow myself to get bored ?    visa workers are used throughout the American economy , and there is no annual cap on the number of    visas ,    or or OPT visa graduates which can be brought into the United States . the United States required to interview or hire Americans before they hire foreign      and are not required to pay Companies market wages , and in some case , are Companies required to pay some taxes . Also , each year , companies are allowed to provide a huge bonus to as many as 150 , 000 foreign contract workers who have worked long hours   —    the very valuable prize of U. S. citizenship for the workers and their family U. S. numbers and jobs of    workers are companies at this website .      Follow Neil Munro on Twitter @NeilMunroDC or email the author at NMunro@Breitbart . com 
 