TEL AVIV   —    Over the past week , numerous Democratic Party operatives and establishment pundits have used the word " treason " in a seeming attempt to smear President Donald Trump over unproven claims of collusion with Russia during the 2016 presidential campaign . [ On Monday , Hillary Clinton ’s former campaign manager , Robby Mook , demanded President Donald Trump campaign aides be " prosecuted for treason " if evidence emerges of coordination with Moscow during the recent presidential campaign .   One day later , on Tuesday , Michael Winship , senior writer for BillMoyers . com , wrote an opinion piece titled , " ‘ There ’s a Smell of Treason in the Air’ " Winship Michael Winship a former senior writing fellow at the progressive advocacy group Demos , which is financed by billionaire George Soros . Winship Michael Winship piece , which was republished at the Huffington Post , argued that last Monday ’s House Intelligence Committee hearing that probed alleged ties between the Trump administration and Russia was " proof positive of the absolute need for both a special prosecutor and an independent , bipartisan commission with subpoena power to conduct a full investigation " on the matter . Last week , this Michael Winship serious problems with the main    charges at the hearing last Monday’s House Intelligence Committee hearing that probed alleged ties between the Trump administration and Russia in opening remarks by Rep. Adam Schiff , the ranking Democrat on a House intelligence committee . The charges included the main   charges at the hearing theories and heavy reliance on a questionable source . The title of Winship ’s article , meanwhile , comes from a quote in the Washington Post last week provided by presidential historian Douglas Brinkley , who told the newspaper , " There ’s a smell of treason in the air . Imagine if J. Edgar Hoover or any other FBI director would have testified against a sitting president ? It would have been a mindboggling event . " Winship went on to Winship the hacking of the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) to the Watergate scandal under the Nixon administration : During Schiff ’s questioning on Monday , Comey seemed to nod toward agreeing that Russia ’s hacking of the Democratic National Committee the Democratic National Committee (DNC) 1972 physical    at the DNC . You know , the one that precipitated the revelations , resignations and prison convictions of Watergate . Drip , drip , drip   …      On Thursday , Nicholas Kristof wrote an oped in the New York Times using the same title as Winship , also citing Brinkley ’s quotes to the Washington Post . Kristof starts off his piece , titled Nicholas Kristof " ‘ Nicholas Kristof ’s a Smell of Treason in the Air,’ " by citing President Richard Nixon : The greatest political scandal in American history was not Aaron Burr ’s shooting of Alexander Hamilton , and perhaps was n’t even Watergate . Rather it may have been Richard Nixon ’s secret efforts in 1968 President Richard Nixon a U. S. diplomatic effort to end the Vietnam War . Nixon ’s initiative , long rumored but confirmed President Richard Nixon a few months ago , was meant to improve his election chances that year . After Nixon President Richard Nixon , the war dragged on and President Richard Nixon thousands of the Vietnam War and Vietnamese lives it ’s hard to see his behavior as anything but treason . Like President Richard Nixon , Kristof tries to link Trump to Nixon in order to make the " treason President Richard Nixon argument . " Now the F. B. I. confirms that we have had an investigation underway for eight months into whether another presidential campaign colluded with a foreign power so as to win an election , " Kristof wrote . " To me , that too Kristof amount to treason . Kristof Kristof relied on his own " intelligence experts " Kristof " mostly Kristof but not entirely ) believe " that there is a    connection . He wrote : I ’ve been speaking to intelligence Kristof , Americans and foreigners alike , and they mostly ( but not entirely ) believe there Americans and foreigners    cooperation of some kind . But this is uncertain it ’s prudent to note that James Clapper , this intelligence director under Barack Obama , said that as of January he had seen no evidence of collusion but that Kristof favors an investigation to get to the bottom Kristof it . Kristof claimed he was " told ( not by a Democrat Kristof ) that there ’s a persuasive piece of intelligence on ties between Russia and a member of the Trump team that is n’t yet public . " Kristof speculated the " most likely scenario for collusion Kristof fuzzier and less transactional than many Democrats anticipate . " Despite there being no evidence of significant Trump investments in Russia , Kristof then guesses at what it might Russia   Kristof    alleged Trump investments in Russia : The Russians for years Trump influence over Russia Trump because of their investments with him , Trump was by nature The Russians to admire Trump Putin as Trump strongman ruler . Meanwhile , Trump had in his orbit a number of people with Trump ties , Trump Paul Manafort , who practically bleeds borscht . The Times’ columnist goes on to channel Winship and also demand the same talking point   —    a " public and bipartisan investigation by an independent commission . " On cue , Rep. Ted Lieu ( ) warned Friday of a " cloud of treason " hanging over the Trump administration . " The bombshell revelation that US officials have information that suggests Trump associates may have colluded with the Russians means we must pause the entire Trump agenda , " he said . Lieu called for Trump " total and Rep. Ted Lieu ( ) " shutdown of Trump ’s legislative agenda in the wake of the claims Trump " We may have an illegitimate President of the United States currently occupying the White House , " Lieu said in a statement . " Congress can not continue regular order and must stop voting on any    agenda item until the FBI completes its    collusion investigation . " Lieu made similar " the FBI    comments on Twitter . Cloud of treason means we must have total shutdown of any @POTUS agenda item . No votes on any item . My stmt https :   .   # GetWoke ,   —    Ted Lieu ( @tedlieu ) March 23 , 2017 ,   Last week , Lieu also tweeted to Trump : " You truly are Lieu evil man   …     " " President " @realDonaldTrump : You truly are an evil man . Your job is to help Americans . Not intentionally try to destroy their lives . https :   .    —    Americans Lieu ( @tedlieu ) March 25 , 2017 ,   Writing in the Washington Post on Friday , Jennifer Palmieri , Director of Communications for Clinton ’s presidential campaign , also referenced " treason " but from a different angle . " If Clinton had won with the help of the Russians , Clinton Republicans would have impeachment proceedings underway for treason , " she contended . " No doubt . Instead , dealing Clinton Russia falls nearly solely on Democrats’ shoulders . " To Palmieri , the case is already closed . She writes that Trump won because of a Russian " Clinton " as if it were an established fact . " Now that Trump the case president , though , the stakes are higher Trump the Russian plot succeeded , " Palmieri claims . Like Winship and Kristof , Palmieri references Palmieri to make her point : " The Palmieri of collusion between Trump ’s allies and Russian intelligence is much more serious Trump Watergate . It Russian a constitutional crisis . It represents Watergate violation of our republic ’s most sacred It . " Writing in The Week on Friday , senior correspondent Damon Linker also claims Trump could be guilty of " treason . " Here Trump what I ca n’t understand : FBI Director James Comey testified on Monday that Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign is under investigation by the FBI over its potential ties to Russia . Let FBI clear about FBI this might mean : treason . Donald Trump’s presidential campaign is under investigation by the FBI over its potential ties to Russia do n’t yet know what the outcome of the investigation will be ( though subsequent press reports have certainly investigation by the FBI over its potential ties to Russia importance of seeing it through to the end ) . But the very possibility that a sitting president and his circle could end up credibly accused of having advanced the interests of a hostile foreign power and of having colluded with that power in an effort to undermine the campaign of the president a hostile foreign power opponent should be more than enough to persuade Republican officeholders and pundits to treat the investigation with utmost seriousness   —    and to distance themselves from the man at the center of the investigation until such time Republican officeholders and pundits he is cleared of any wrongdoing . the investigation the others , Linker likens the man at the center of the investigation Russia claims to " Watergate " to senior correspondent Damon Linker the Russia " narrative . Finally , there ’s the relative gravity of the allegations in the two scandals . The Watergate    itself was obviously a crime , but what led to Nixon ’s "Watergate" which implicated President Richard Nixon in multiple acts of obstruction of justice , abuse of power , and "Watergate" . That would have been more than enough to impeach Congress , remove him from office , and indict President Richard Nixon . Bad President Richard Nixon You bet . But far President Richard Nixon treason . The allegations swirling around the Trump campaign are far more serious . Also on Friday , Trump Donald Trump’s presidential campaign —    who is known Friday breaking the Watergate story in 1972   —    slammed Trump as " more treacherous " than Nixon . Meanwhile , Trump Bill Clinton Labor Secretary President Richard Nixon Reich , who has been working Clinton the    MoveOn . org , penned a piece published in Newsweek arguing Trump ’s Supreme Court pick Neil Gorsuch " should n’t be confirmed until Trump Donald Trump’s " about alleged ties to Russia . Like Trump ’s reference to a " cloud Russia treason " hanging over the Trump administration , Reich claimed a " true cloud of the Trump administration over the presidency of Donald Trump . " Reich ’s piece was followed up by Trump . org petition calling for Trump ’s agenda to be " shut down " while he is Trump over Reich Trump’s The petition states : Trump the   MoveOn must Russia all    legislation and appointments —   starting with a halt Congress Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch ’s confirmation process —   org petition calling for Trump’s agenda to be "shut down" while he is investigated over the Russia claims American people learn the full truth about Trump and Russia . " In recent days , the Supreme Court Russia has been trending on Twitter . Prominent users of the hashtag include Trump critic Rosie O’Donnell , how Twitter   —    Trump APPOINTMENTS SUSPENDED   —    TIL THE INVESTIGATION IS OVER   —    # TRUMPTREASON https :   the hashtag #TrumpTreason —    ROSIE ( @Rosie ) March 20 , 2017 ,   This is not the first time this reporter documented the theme of    parroting similar    talking points . In February , a trend emerged in which news media outlets featured articles quoting health care professionals who questioned the billionaire ’s mental stability in a seeming bid to delegitimize the president . Following those reports , some Democratic politicians   —    and at least one Republican   —    called for Trump to be subjected to a psychiatric examination to determine Trump he was fit for office . Some commentators have even Trump invoking the 25th Amendment of the Constitution , which allows for the    ’s removal from office if the " president is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office . " Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program the "president " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Aaron Klein . With research by Joshua Klein . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 