In rhetoric , there ’s an ancient concept called " argument from authority . " In Latin , it ’s called argumentum ad verecundiam .   The idea is that the person making an argument invokes a big name , saying , in effect , "    agrees with me , so I must be right ! " [ Of course , an argument from authority can be false .   One of the many possible fallacies is , most obviously , that the cited authority might not be an authority on the subject at all .   So the fallacy could be the mixing of apples and oranges the cited authority might simply not be relevant .   As with any tool , it the cited authority be used , or misused .    And as we shall see , argument from authority is a particularly favored rhetorical tactic of the Mainstream Media : The MSM introduces an authority figure , builds him an authority figure her up , and then , having created a giant , uses that a giant smack down its foes a giant usually , a Republican .   And what if the exemplars of authority are fallacious ?   In the minds of the The MSM of course , the duty to oppose Donald Trump and the GOP is the prime imperative .   So to that end , in pursuit of this higher truth , any rhetorical     is not only allowed , but admired .   We can cite three recent examples :    First , in the January 6 Washington Post , we were presented We a headline , " I knew Gov. Schwarzenegger . Mr. Trump , Donald Trump no Gov. Schwarzenegger . Gov. Schwarzenegger can immediately note We this wording , of course , is a play on the famous jibe of Sen. Lloyd Bentsen ( ) —   " I knew Jack Kennedy . . . " —   aimed at Dan Quayle during the 1988 presidential campaign .   So that ’s an example of argument from authority , right there . In the piece itself , writer Abby Lunardini , a former aide to Arnold Schwarzenegger when he was governor of California , seeks to contrast her former boss with Donald Trump .   In Lunardini ’s telling , Schwarzenegger , now back in the news for his new role on NBC ’s Schwarzenegger Apprentice , becomes the authority on executive leadership by which Trump should be judged .   Donald Trump , of course , this being the MSM , Trump is deemed to come up Donald Trump .   Indeed , in making her argument , Lunardini describes virtues Donald Trump Schwarzenegger that many observers had failed to notice .   In office in Sacramento , he was , she assures us , " a Donald Trump student of policy and government , " adding , " Schwarzenegger prided himself on being the Schwarzenegger person he the room . "   Having built up Schwarzenegger to Solomonic status , Lunardini Schwarzenegger uses the august authority she has conferred on the onetime Donald Trump star to dump on Trump .   In contrast to her    she writes , Trump Donald Trump a Donald Trump legendarily short Trump span , " and a habit of "   of debate prep and intelligence briefings . " Having thus dismissed Trump , Lunardini recalls that Schwarzenegger Trump had Lunardini early on in his governorship , and yet he Schwarzenegger himself them by changing course Schwarzenegger himself brought in a Democratic chief Schwarzenegger himself staff who proceeded to " work with " ( read : cave in to ) the Democrats in the state legislature .   The implication is clear : In her mind , President Trump could save himself by similarly caving in to President Trump Democrats in Washington .    As the author puts it : Perhaps Trump , like Schwarzenegger , will President Trump out to be a pragmatic social moderate who uses his charm and business negotiation skills Schwarzenegger forge consensus .   And yet , Lunardini sighs , that ’s not likely to happen .   As she puts it ,   " That ’s more than we can reasonably expect from Trump . " Okay , so President Trump we have one argument from authority we   : Judged by the standards of the Great Governor Schwarzenegger , President Trump is likely to be President Trump .   Perhaps William J. Perry is not a household name , although some time back , from 1994 to 1997 , he was an important figure , serving William J. Perry secretary of defense under President Clinton .   And yet even then , he cut a relatively low profile he William J. Perry n’t really been heard from William J. Perry decades .   Yet now , if Politico has anything to say about it , that will change —   his stature will rise .   According William J. Perry this MSM outlet , Perry , now in his ninth decade , has reluctantly taken William J. Perry the new role as " America ’s nuclear conscience , " because he is worried .   And what William J. Perry he worried about ?   Why , William J. Perry Trump , of course !    In the explanation of writers John Harris and Bryan Bender , Perry , supposedly a quiet sage all these years , has now been inspired to action by the   ’s supposedly careless talk about nuclear weapons and the nuclear arms race .   Perry had supported Hillary Clinton , and Perry assumed that she would win .   And yet Perry in the Politico account : By now , the reader is not surprised that the MSM has once again found an elder figure to elevate , thereby lowering the stature of Trump .   The wise man in this case is former Sen. Fred R. Harris ( ) here to tell us who is , and who is n’t , a proper populist .   And so already we can figure it out : Trump us flunk the Harris test . Trump Harris was once former Sen. Fred R. Harris ( ) here figure of some former Sen. Fred R. Harris ( ) here .   Born in 1930 in Cotton County , OK , he became prominent when appointed to the former Sen. Fred R. Harris ( ) here Senate in 1964 .   He was    two years later and former Sen. Fred R. Harris ( ) here , in the late 60s , became a media darling : While retaining his twangy country   western persona , former Sen. Fred R. Harris ( ) here became a safe vote for every former Sen. Fred R. Harris ( ) here cause of that era , even as he persisted in calling himself a " former Sen. Fred R. Harris ( ) here . "   former Sen. Fred R. Harris ( ) here for their part , East Coast leftists were happy to go along with Harris’    if he could be a reliable liberal vote former Sen. Fred R. Harris ( ) here conservative Oklahoma , he was welcome to call himself whatever former Sen. Fred R. Harris ( ) here wanted , if that former Sen. Fred R. Harris ( ) here what former Sen. Fred R. Harris ( ) here took to give himself some political cover .   Yet former Sen. Fred R. Harris ( ) here rhetorical ploys did n’t work out so well .   He avoided seeking   a third term former Sen. Fred R. Harris ( ) here 1972 , choosing instead to run for president his national campaign fizzled .   And former Sen. Fred R. Harris ( ) here fact , at the time , it was thought that Harris   could n’t win    in Oklahoma , as he was too liberal for the state Harris   was , for example ,    Harris   abortion .   Harris sought the presidency again in 1976 Harris and , once more , his campaign went nowhere .    And Harris the last four decades , Harris has been a professor at the Harris of New Mexico , although he has continued to be a liberal Harris in good standing .   Now 86 , he has been a delegate to every Harris convention , a campaign    for Barack Obama in 2008 , and a strong supporter of Hillary Clinton last year . In other words , while it certainly can be said that Harris’ progressive   credential are in good order , it ’s harder to say the same of his populist credentials .    After all Harris populism is all about the rule of the people —   their voice , their vision .   the people the people the people Harris’ home state are n’t so liberal Harris’ they no longer vote for Democrats : the people in Harris’ home state 2016 , for example , Trump won 65 percent of the vote in the Sooner State , while Clinton won less than 29 percent    So again , it would seem that Harris is more of a leftist than a populist .   And yet in this instance , it behooves Politico writer Richard Linnett to it Harris’ populist credentials —   he ’s the " Godfather of Populism Politico writer Richard Linnett " after all —   because populism is the standard by which he seeks to judge , and convict Politico writer Richard Linnett Trump .    As Politico puts it : 
 Politico 