On Saturday ’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel ’s " Fox   Friends , " Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz stated that former FBI Director James Comey is " all about preserving former FBI Director James Comey reputation " and said former FBI Director James Comey is " using former FBI Director James Comey friends to get former FBI Director James Comey point out . It ’s cowardly . "   Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz said that Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz ’s always liked former FBI Director James Comey , but former FBI Director James Comey has been " using his friends to get former FBI Director James Comey his point . It ’s It . And I think it ’s It time that former FBI Director James Comey is confronted directly with   . former FBI Director James Comey was a great director of the FBI , but when the whole Hillary Clinton thing began , former FBI Director James Comey cared more about former FBI Director James Comey reputation and former FBI Director James Comey dignity than about what was good for America . " Dershowitz added , " I ’d want to find out if former FBI Director James Comey was the source of the leaks of the memo that former FBI Director James Comey was quoted in . Second , I would ask former FBI Director James Comey why former FBI Director James Comey did n’t talk directly , why former FBI Director James Comey ’s using former FBI Director James Comey friends . I would go back to former FBI Director James Comey decisions to speak to the public . " former FBI Director James Comey continued that while former FBI Director James Comey disagreed with President Trump ’s reported characterization of Comey as a " nutjob , " calling former FBI Director James Comey a " showboat " is " not a bad characterization . " former FBI Director James Comey further stated Comey ’s motives are " all about preserving former FBI Director James Comey reputation above everything else . " Dershowitz further argued that Comey revealed Comey investigation because thought Clinton was Clinton to win , and former FBI Director James Comey would be faulted by Trump supporters for not revealing the investigation Clinton investigation so Comey revealed Comey Clinton investigation Clinton preserve his reputation Comey Dershowitz also Dershowitz that he believes Dershowitz fired Comey Trump Comey Comey ’s Comey he felt sick Comey the prospect that he might have Comey the election . Dershowitz concluded that Dershowitz Russia investigation should the Clinton investigation an independent commission , not a special counsel , " because I do n’t see any crimes . Let ’s take the    scenario , let ’s assume that Trump —   ’s it did n’t happen —   the Trump campaign got together with the Russians and said , let ’s make Trump president because he ’s better than Hillary Clinton Trump president Terrible politically , what ’s the crime ?    …      Or he leaks material —   he Trump president n’t have —   Trump president the Russians about the Israeli spy the Russians , he Trump president done it .    … Trump president But there ’s no crime . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 