WEST PALM BEACH , Fla.   —    President Trump said in an interview that aired on Sunday that a replacement health care law was not likely to be ready until either the end of this year or in 2018 , a major shift from promises by both President Trump and Republican leaders to repeal and replace a replacement health care law as soon as possible . " Maybe it ’ll take till sometime into next year , but we ’re certainly going to be in the process , " Mr. Trump said during an interview with Bill O’Reilly of Fox News , after Mr. Bill O’Reilly of Fox News the president whether Americans could " expect a new health care plan rolled out by the Trump administration this year . " " It statutorily takes awhile to get , " Mr. Mr. Trump . " We ’re going to be putting it in fairly It , I think that , yes , I would like to say by the end of the year at least the rudiments but we should have We within the year and the year year . " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump replacing former President Barack Obama ’s Affordable Care Act is complicated , though he reiterated his Mr. Trump that Mr. Trump administration could Mr. Trump a plan that would work better than the law   —    despite having provided few details of how such a plan would work . " You have to remember Obamacare does n’t work , so we are putting in a wonderful plan , " Mr. Trump said . Speaker Paul D. Ryan has vowed to move legislation for a replacement for the Affordable Care Act by the end of March . But some Republicans are worried about a political backlash if they repeal the law without some Republicans adequate replacement   —    potentially throwing millions of people off their insurance   —    millions of people have urged a more methodical approach . Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee , a Republican who is the chairman of the Senate Committee on Health , Education , Labor and Pensions , recently proposed repairing parts of the health care law ahead of scrapping the whole package . Mr. Trump said last month that he wanted to present a Mr. Trump soon after the Senate confirmed his nominee for secretary of Mr. Trump and human services , Representative Tom Price , Republican of Georgia . The Senate is scheduled to the Senate the Senate Price ’s confirmation this week . " We ’re going to be submitting , as soon as our secretary is approved , almost We , shortly thereafter , a plan , " Mr. Trump said in January . Last month , the president signed an executive order Mr. Trump unwinding the Affordable Care Act . It gave the Department of Health and an executive order to begin unwinding the Affordable Care Act Services the authority to ease what it called " unwarranted economic and regulatory an executive order to begin unwinding the Affordable Care Act " from the existing law . 
 