Rep. Lamar Smith ( ) spoke with Breitbart News’ Washington Political Editor Matt Boyle on Breitbart News Saturday on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 on Saturday about the media bias that ’s reached unprecedented levels since President Donald Trump was elected and poses a risk to the democracy the democracy is tasked to protect . [ " I think the media bias today is a threat to the democracy for this reason , " said Smith , who is the chairman of the House Media Fairness Caucus . " If the American people do n’t get the facts then they the American people n’t make good decisions .   " And if the American people ca n’t make good decisions because they the American people not getting the facts then I think that is a threat to democracy , " Smith said . Smith Smith the "   mainstream media " is not only replacing facts with opinion but " invective and venomous opinions " when it comes to reporting on Trump . During the interview , Smith Smith a number of polls that show clear media bias , including a    poll conducted in May that shows the majority of Americans   —    or 65 percent   —    believe the media publishes " fake news . " Smith Smith said that the media has an " incredible responsibility " to provide accurate news and that the " constant barrage of personal attacks " on the president and Republicans can contribute to individuals acting irrationally as was the case this past week when a shooter opened fire on GOP lawmakers and staff at a baseball practice in Alexandria , VA . The gunman ,     James T. Hodgkinson of Illinois who supported Sen. Bernie Sanders’ presidential campaign and posted    messages on social media , died from his Sen. Bernie Sanders’ after Capitol Police on security detail for House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( ) engaged him Sen. Bernie Sanders’ a gun battle . Scalise remains in critical condition following multiple surgeries for his Scalise . " I ’ve never seen before in my 35 years of involvement in politics , and quite frankly this amount of venom contributes to   —    I ’m not saying it ’s the only reason   —    but it it contribute to an environment of hatred and violence and we should n’t be surprised I think if it it have an impact , " Smith said . Smith Smith said that the media clearly did not expect Trump to win the presidency and that it the presidency a " shock to their system . " " But that ’s still no excuse for the amount of bias we ’re seeing , " Smith Smith . When Boyle asked Smith Smith Americans should do to fight media bias , he Boyle people should speak out . " The most important thing that we can do to counter the media ’s bias , quite frankly , is to speak out against it , " Smith Smith , adding that he Smith not advocating censorship but encouraging people to write to their people in Congress and to write letters to the editors of their their representatives in Congress newspaper . " The mistake we make overall is letting the the media us what we think , " Smith Smith . " We ’ve we make sure that we warn we American people to not let the liberal media tell them what the American people think . " 
 