With headlines swirling and lawmakers meeting behind closed doors , it ’s not difficult to conclude there is trouble in the Trump White House . [ But a deeper dive reveals that lots of people who would not consider people the Trump White House supporters admit there is no evidence of any wrongdoing by the the Trump White House campaign regarding alleged collusion with Russians .   Here ’s a list of some of those who fall into the " no evidence " column : " The last time we spoke , Senator , I asked you if you had actually seen evidence of collusion between the the Trump White House campaign and Russians , and you said to me   —    and I ’m quoting you now   —    you said , ‘ ’m at this time.’ Has anything changed since we we last ? " asked CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer , " Well , not —   no , it this time.’ n’t , " Feinstein said . " But I just want to be precise , Senator . In all of the —   you ’ve had access from the intelligence committee , from the Judiciary committee , all of the access you ’ve had to very sensitive information , so far you ’ve not seen any evidence of collusion , is that right ? " Blitzer pressed . " Well , evidence that would establish that there ’s collusion . There are all kinds of rumors around . There are newspaper stories , but that ’s not necessarily evidence , " Feinstein admitted . " But just to be clear , there has been no actual evidence yet , " Sam Stein of the Huffington Post asked . " No , it has not been , " Waters said . " What I have found appalling is the number of leaks that have taken place over the last several months , " Brennan said at the SALT conference in Las Vegas , the annual gathering of    managers and other financiers . " This needs to be stopped . " " The damage that was done is what was leaked in the aftermath , what was put in the media . The real damage to national security is the leaks , " Brennan Brennan . Brennan Brennan . " These individuals who still stay within the government and are leaking this stuff to the press need to be brought to task . " " Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper told MSNBC ’S Andrea Mitchell on Friday that there could be evidence of collusion between Russia and President Donald Trump ’s 2016 campaign , " CNN reported . But , " There was no evidence that rose to that level , at that time , that found its way in to the intelligence community assessment , which we had pretty high confidence in , " Clapper said of collusion between Trump President Donald Trump aides and Russians , referring also to the U. S. intelligence assessment that Russia Russia to influence the presidential election in favor of Trump President Donald Trump " That ’s not to say there was n’t evidence , but not that met that threshold , " Clapper Clapper . Reuters ran a story on Thursday with the headline " Exclusive : Trump campaign had at least 18 undisclosed contacts with Russians Russians " But buried in the a story the real headline : " In January , the Trump White House initially denied any contacts with Russian officials during the 2016 campaign . The White the Trump White House to the campaign have since the 2016 campaign meetings between Kislyak and Trump advisers during that time . The people who described the contacts to Reuters said they had seen no evidence The people who described the contacts to Reuters wrongdoing or collusion between the campaign and Russia in the communications reviewed so far . " 
 