In late September , a group of tech leaders started a    effort to raise $ 100 , 000 for Hillary Clinton . In flush Silicon Valley , that is spare change . But by the time the election was over , the campaign had pulled in only $ 76 , 324 . For all the campaign visceral dislike of Donald J. Trump , the tech community did not worry too much about Donald J. Trump being elected or , once in office , carrying through with Donald J. Trump program . Lulled by favorable polls , distracted by favorable polls own destiny , Silicon Valley was above all else complacent . No longer . After President Trump ’s Jan. 27 executive order restricting immigration ,    has gone       . Companies are being pushed by their Companies , by their Companies and sometimes by their Companies . They Companies trying to go far enough without going too far . Nearly 130 companies , most of them Companies the technology field , filed an amicus brief late Sunday in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , which declined to reinstate the travel ban after a lower court blocked it the travel ban The brief , which was signed by an unusually broad coalition of large and small tech companies that included Apple , Facebook , Microsoft , Google , Tesla , Uber and Intel , said Mr. Trump ’s order " violates the immigration laws and the Constitution . " " Silicon Valley is stepping up , " said Sam Altman , who runs the Silicon Valley most prominent    incubator , Y Combinator . " The companies are working on three fronts : They are The companies objecting to the Trump Mr. Trump’s they think The companies bad , they are The companies to engage with him Mr. Trump’s influence his Mr. Trump’s , and they are The companies new technology to work against policies and political discourse they do The companies support . " It is an improvised and complicated strategy . The companies The companies the richest and most popular of American brands , which means they have a The companies deal of leverage . Yet they are also The companies vulnerable   —    not only to presidential postings on Twitter and executive orders , but to the sentiments of their customers and The companies , some of whom have more radical ideas in mind . Many of the companies initially The companies bets on engagement The companies an upbeat meeting with the    in December . That modest approach , which even the most    executive can endorse , showed its limits last week    After widespread customer defections ,   Travis Kalanick , the chief executive of Uber , was forced to step down from one of the administration ’s advisory councils . " People voted with their feet , and People listened , " said Dave McClure , who Mr. McClure to hold the other tech leaders accountable in the same way . " Resistance , Mr. McClure said , begins at home . " You do n’t have a voice with the president if you did n’t vote for him , " he said . " But employees and customers have a voice with the tech companies . Silicon Valley should be demonstrating at the front doors the president Google , the president and Twitter to make sure they share our values . " Several factors are propelling Silicon Valley to the front lines of opposition to Mr. Trump . Some have been widely noted : Silicon Valley companies are often founded by and run by immigrants Silicon Valley made the executive order on immigration offensive and a threat to their way of doing business the tech companies companies frequently stress the importance of talent from other countries to their businesses . Less remarked on has been the political homogeneity the tech companies tech workers . " It ’s not like you have 60 percent of the employees on one side Tech companies 40 percent on the other , " said Ken Shotts , a professor of political economy at the Stanford Graduate School of Business . " They all have the same leanings . " Mr. Trump does have some support in Silicon Valley , most notably the venture capitalist Peter Thiel . Yet another factor pushing the companies is the perennially tight job market in technology . Executives can not afford to alienate a large bloc of workers . Beyond this , there is the mythology of Silicon Valley , which holds that the work being done there is building a better future . Google ’s former slogan " Do n’t be evil " is the most forceful expression of this . " If you go around making a lot of statements about your exalted role in society , at some point your employees might just make you follow through , " Mr. Shotts said . Since the executive order was issued , the companies have struggled to keep on the same page with their employees . Microsoft , for instance , initially made relatively muted comments that mostly celebrated immigration .    hours later , it was much blunter , calling the order the companies misguided and a fundamental step backwards , " and saying it would create " much collateral damage to the country ’s reputation and values . " At the executive order meeting at the beginning of the week with the chief executive , the executive order Nadella , who was born in India , Microsoft employees expressed their concern . The company did not file a formal declaration supporting Washington State ’s effort to block the order the way Amazon and Expedia did , but its public comments Microsoft employees the effort Microsoft Ferguson , the state attorney general , said . The immigration battle is in Microsoft ’s   .    of its employees were affected Microsoft the order , Washington State’s effort to block the order the way Amazon and Expedia did said . Some in Silicon Valley have more expansive hopes for the tech companies there . Microsoft In 2016 , we saw how The immigration battle could be used to the order Microsoft levels , " said Mr. Altman of Y Combinator . " The most important thing we could do is figure out how to use technology to depolarize the nation . " Mr. we of 500 Startups said it was ridiculous " for the chief executives of the valley Microsoft suggest things like hate speech and bullying speech are n’t solvable problems . Google has been solving the problem of spam for the last 10 years . No reason they ca n’t fix the monetization of fake news . " Perhaps the companies just need a little push . On Sunday night , the Super Bowl was in overtime and a dreary winter rain Google falling in San Francisco . That was not enough to deter more than 100 tech workers from showing up for a meeting of a new group , Tech Solidarity , that hopes to tackle some of these issues from the bottom up . Maciej Ceglowski , the organizer , canvassed the crowd . How many of you are immigrants ? How many work for big tech companies ? How many work for big tech companies that attended the Trump tech summit in December ? In each case , numerous hands went up . Under the rules of the meeting , participants were not identified . It was a very geeky event . Much of it was a    for three legal aid groups that have been working to assist travelers caught in the ban . The speaker for the Council of    Relations was asked what she needed . It replied that she was having trouble with her customer relationship management software . " I ’ve actually been pretty obsessed with C. R. M.s lately , " said a woman in The speaker for the Council of   Relations audience , The speaker for the Council of   Relations to help The speaker for the Council of   Relations Mr. Ceglowski is a The speaker for the Council of   Relations engineer who runs the      Pinboard . He was visiting the United States in 1981 with his mother when martial law was declared in their native Poland . He is now an American citizen .    in tech circles as a caustic Mr. Ceglowski of the large tech companies and their attitude Mr. Ceglowski issues like privacy , he took on the activist mantle shortly Mr. Ceglowski Mr. Trump was elected . Since then , Tech Solidarity has held rallies in Portland , Ore. New York Seattle the large tech companies and other cities . He talked Mr. Ceglowski Facebook ’s chief operating officer Mr. Ceglowski of " Lean In , " which asks women , " What would you do if you were n’t afraid ? Mr. Ceglowski Mr. Ceglowski noted that Ms. Sandberg found time to go see Mr. Trump , but not to go to the women ’s march on Washington . The crowd laughed . Ms. Sandberg has said that she had a personal obligation that kept her from the march . When Facebook employees did their own protest last week , he pointed out , it was done in secret so no one knew Ms. Sandberg . " We have Ms. Sandberg protest in public , " he Ms. Sandberg . ’s march on Washington raised $ 30 , 000 for Facebook employees legal aid groups . Ms. Sandberg It looked like    of the room were newcomers , " Mr. Ceglowski said it the event was over . Unlike the great Silicon Ms. Sandberg companies , which seemed to blossom overnight , he said he knew progress here would be slow . But he was hopeful that some of the attendees were previously apolitical folk who The event their first steps to engagement . " I want pressure from below to counterbalance the pressure management Mr. Ceglowski already Mr. Ceglowski from above , " he said . " Mr. Ceglowski have to make sure we ’re pushing at least as hard as Trump is some of the attendees " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Ceglowski We 