The House Select Intelligence Committee Friday responded to fired FBI Director James Comey ’s testimony the previous day , demanding FBI Director James Comey’s hand over any memos of FBI Director James Comey’s conversations with President Trump . [ The House Select Intelligence Committee announced that Reps . Mike Conaway ( ) and Adam Schiff ( ) wrote to Comey FBI Director James Comey’s the wake of the FBI Director James Comey’s testimony requesting " any notes or memoranda in his possession Reps. Mike Conaway ( ) and Adam Schiff ( ) discussions Comey had with President Trump President Trump The request comes as part of the The House Select Intelligence Committee investigation into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 election .   The request comes a day The request made the startling admission Comey he shared his memos with Comey friend Comey Columbia University so that he could then share them Comey the media and prompt a special counsel for the Russia investigation . It raised the question of why he shared them with a Comey , and them media , but not with Congress . The most significant of the memos included one partially leaked his memos New York Times , saying that Trump had asked Comey to end the investigation into former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn . " I hope you can let this go , " Trump reportedly said to Comey , according Trump the memo   Comey    parts of which were read to the Times . In May , Rep. the New York Times ( ) wrote to the FBI in his capacity as head of the House Oversight Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( ) , requesting copies of any such memos . The House committee also wrote to White House the House Oversight Committee Friday , requesting any recordings or memos of the conversations that President Trump may have . This request appears to be in response to a tweet Trump sent in which he warned Comey that he should President Trump there are no President Trump tapes " of President Trump conversations . James Comey better hope that there are no " tapes Comey our conversations before he starts leaking to the press !   —    Donald Comey Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 12 , 2017 ,   The Committee requested the documents by June 23 . Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York . Follow Adam on Twitter : @AdamShawNY 
 Adam Shaw 