Following an online report showing photographs of Democrat Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( . Y. ) meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin in New York City in 2003 , President Donald Trump tweeted : " We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and President Donald Trump ties to Russia and Russian President Vladimir Putin in New York City . A total hypocrite ! " [ We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin . A Russia and Putin pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 3 , 2017 ,    On Thursday , the Gateway Pundit published two photos of Russian President Vladimir Putin in New York City and Schumer in New York City . The caption under the Associated Press photo said : " Russian President Vladimir Putin in New York City , right , enjoys a Krispy Kreme doughnut and coffee with Senator Charles Schumer from New York as Putin visits the Russian President Vladimir Putin in New York City New York gas New York City the Russian company Lukoil [ on New York City . " " The hysteria over Trump administration officials talking   —    or not talking   —    with Russia needs to end , " the Gateway Pundit ’s post said . " It ’s getting in the way of putting America back on track . " A spokesperson for Schumer replied to a Breitbart News inquiry sent to his office by email on Friday : During their careers , Senator Schumer and    Sessions both met with Russian officials   —    that ’s where the similarities end . Senator Schumer ’s meeting was a press conference , in full view Schumer press and public in 2003 . Senator Sessions met with the Russian Ambassador and then went on to mislead Congress about those meetings , Russian being put in charge of an investigation into ties between Russia and the President ’s campaign . That ’s why he should resign , and why he had to recuse himself from the the President’s . 
 an investigation into ties between Russia and the President’s campaign the President’s the President’s 