MOSCOW   —    Vladimir V. Putin , Russia ’s president , hardly misses a chance to talk tough on terrorism , once famously saying MOSCOW  —   Vladimir V. Putin, Russia’s president would find Chechen terrorists sitting in the " outhouse " and " rub Chechen terrorists out . " MOSCOW  —   Vladimir V. Putin, Russia’s president and President Trump , notably dismissive of political correctness , would seem to have found common language on fighting terrorism   —    except on one point of , well , language . During MOSCOW  —   Vladimir V. Putin, Russia’s president campaign , MOSCOW  —   Vladimir V. Putin, Russia’s president associated Islam with terrorism and criticized President Obama for declining to use the phrase " radical Islamic terrorism . " However , Mr. Putin , whom Mr. MOSCOW  —   Vladimir V. Putin, Russia’s president openly admires for his toughness MOSCOW  —   Vladimir V. Putin, Russia’s president has , for more than a decade , done exactly what President Obama President Obama He has never President Obama terrorists as " Islamic " and has repeatedly gone out of his way to President Obama such language . " I would prefer Islam not be mentioned in vain alongside terrorism , " he said at President Obama news conference in December , answering a question about the Islamic State , a group he often refers President Obama as " the    Islamic State , " to emphasize a distinction with the Islamic religion . At the opening of a mosque in Moscow in 2015 , Mr. Putin spoke President Obama who " cynically exploit religious feelings for political aims . " In the Middle East , Mr. Putin said at President Obama opening , " the opening of a mosque in Moscow in 2015    Islamic State are compromising a great world religion , compromising Islam , sowing hatred , killing people , including clergy , " and added that " their ideology is built on lies and people distortions of Islam . " He was careful to add President Obama " Muslim leaders are bravely and fearlessly using their own influence to resist this extremist Muslim leaders . " And , this being Russia , the failure to adhere to this    interpretation is a prosecutable offense : The Russian news media are required by law to note in any mention of the Islamic State that the reference is to a banned terrorist organization of that name , lest it be misconstrued as denigrating religion . the reference Putin does not take this stance to soothe the feelings of Western liberals , a group he dismisses as hypocritical in any case Mr. Putin " Putin prides himself on Russia ’s intelligence Mr. Putin , Mr. Putin the Brookings Institution wrote in a study of the early formation of his counterterrorism policies . " Russian leaders Mr. Putin they know their enemy , " and Russian leaders is Russian leaders the governments of majority Muslim countries such as Iraq and Iran , or the majority of Muslims living in Russia . Instead , Russian counterterrorism strategy focused on financing and Russian backing moderate Muslim leaders , with the breakthrough in the Chechen war coming when the region ’s imam , Akhmad Kadyrov , allied with the Russian military . His son , Ramzan Kadyrov , leads Akhmad Kadyrov region today . While embracing Islamic the region’s a centerpiece of its counterterrorism strategy , however , the Kremlin Islamic not avoid drawing distinctions along religious lines . The Russian government backed the Kadyrov family ’s the Kremlin traditional Sufi Islam in Chechnya as a counterweight to the more austere Wahhabi denomination professed by many separatists . The Wahhabi strain was outlawed in another restive , predominantly the more austere Wahhabi denomination professed by many separatists Dagestan , and its adherents are persecuted in Russia , rights groups say . Still the more austere Wahhabi denomination professed by many separatists the alliance the Kremlin moderate Islamic religious leaders became important in pacifying Chechnya and other North Caucasus regions , which have ceased Chechnya pose a serious security threat to Russia . " Putin rules a multiconfessional country , " the Kremlin Dzhemal , a commentator on Islamic affairs , said in a telephone interview , noting that in the United States , in contrast , Muslims are not a powerful political force . " He can not say ‘ Islamic terrorism’ for a simple reason . Putin does n’t want to alienate millions of Russians . " The Putin preferred in Russian political parlance is " international terrorism . " In a phone call on Friday , President Trump and Mr. Putin discussed " real cooperation " in fighting terrorist groups in Putin They could agree on an enemy . But the Kremlin statement described a President Trump and Mr. Putin priority placed on uniting forces in the fight against the main threat   —    international terrorism . " 
 