Although around 500 people excitedly gathered at Union Pub Tuesday morning in Washington , D. C. in anticipation of the live airing of a Senate hearing featuring former FBI Director James Comey , many left disappointed . [ At least 50 people were in line before the bar opened at 9:30 a. m. for the 10:00 a. m. Senate intelligence hearing , including unemployed former government officials . A woman standing in line at Union Pub said A woman standing in line at Union Pub looked forward to hearing " Comey tell the truth . "   But after roughly      hours , people shuffled out , calling it " underwhelming . " " it ’s what I expected , it ’s underwhelming , nothing explosive has been revealed so far . Comey is pragmatic , he Comey a Washingtonian who still has a lot of his Comey career ahead of him Comey He Comey not want to create unnecessary conflict , " said one man , who wished not to be named . " The investigation is not a public matter . It The investigation a legal , technical , and professional matter . But people here in DC are turning it people here in DC the Super Bowl , " said another man , who also did not want to be named . An office manager at a university named Derek said he An office manager at a university named Derek happy that Comey called the President a " liar " but said he An office manager at a university named Derek some evidence . " I want there to be tapes , " he An office manager at a university named Derek . Another man who wished to remain anonymous said he Another man who wished to remain anonymous " hoping to hear more damning testimony , more smoking guns , " but that Comey An office manager at a university named Derek phrased things carefully to be accurate . " One man with a computer wallpaper that said " Impeach Trump " refused to talk to Breitbart . Several people said they Several people more would come out of a closed hearing later in the day , where Comey An office manager at a university named Derek discuss classified information . " What we got out of this a closed hearing an affirmation of what we already we . Any juicy bombshells will come out of the closed door meetings , " he Breitbart . A man named Ben , who is currently unemployed but used to work at the State Department , said that the " best hope " for Trump getting impeached would be the Democrats winning the House , since he does Trump see Republicans going along with it . But one man , Christopher , who worked at Trader Joe ’s , said he was Trader Joe with Comey ’s performance , despite him not Comey on whether there was any obstruction of justice . " Comey was Comey control , got his message Comey . He knows Comey ’s his message to say whether it ’s his message . He did Comey he set Comey to do , " he said Comey Another said he came Comey to " enjoy Comey ’s Comey . " " He ’s Comey rock of integrity , " Tom , a computer science major , said . " He ’s Comey testified against and for both sides . " Another man , Alex , who works in environmental relations for a utility , did not hide his anger Comey " My take ca n’t be quoted in a family friendly publication . It shows a family friendly publication    everything is   —    a bunch of senior Republicans abase themselves in a bunch of senior Republicans grotesque manner as they run a bunch of senior Republicans for a man they ’re a bunch of senior Republicans for him and Comey themselves even a bunch of senior Republicans this is national security , " he said Comey Paul , an Army veteran and Ph . D. student , said there was " something for everyone here . " " This is just confirmation bias both sides will find stuff that benefits them , both sides he said Comey There was only one person , a government affairs intern named Alex , who identified himself as Comey Republican in the elite DC watering hole . He called Comey hearing " same old , same old . " " The only person who effectively pressed Comey was Marco Rubio . I ’m not a Trump fanatic , but if he does Trump , it ’s good for the country . We have an issue in this country of unprecedented division , " he said Trump 
 