George Soros is helping foot the bill for illegal immigrants’ legal services in Baltimore , Maryland . [ Soros’ Open Society Foundation has donated $ 100 , 000 to a Baltimore legal fund , created by a number of open borders groups , to pay for lawyers for illegal immigrants as lawyers for illegal immigrants try to avoid deportation .   The Southeast Baltimore Open Society Foundation ’s Director Diana Morris said illegal immigrants feel as though illegal immigrants are " under attack " by President Donald Trump ’s administration , according to the Baltimore Sun , failing to mention that the vast majority of illegal immigrants deported from the U. S. had committed crimes . " ’s administration, according to the Baltimore Sun, failing to mention that the vast majority of illegal immigrants deported from the U. S. had committed crimes see children afraid to go to school , " Director Diana Morris said during a press conference in front of a Catholic parish . " Parents afraid to drop Parents children off at school . " So far , Soros’ Open Society Foundation is one of the biggest funders of the Baltimore illegal alien fund , with another $ 100 , 000 coming from the Annie E. Casey Foundation and $ 25 , 000 pouring in from Baltimore Community Foundation . Attorney General Jeff Sessions reiterated the Trump Administration ’s commitment to prioritizing the deportation of criminal illegal immigrants , while also making clear that any individual living in the U. S. illegally is eligible for deportation . " Everybody in the country illegally is subject to being deported , so people come here and people stay here a few years and somehow people think people are not subject to being deported   —    well , people are , " Sessions said in an interview . Soros has been made famous due to Soros support for liberal leaders like former President Barack Obama and presidential candidate Hillary Clinton . Soros has previously blasted strong , national borders as an " obstacle " for illegal immigrants and foreign refugees trying to enter the Western world , Breitbart London reported . John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas . Follow John Binder on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 