A Never Trump movement leader who once blamed    Donald Trump for violent riots in Chicago has miraculously infiltrated President Trump ’s White House , Breitbart News has learned . [ Helen Aguirre Ferre , now the White House ’s Director of Media Relations , previously very publicly —   as an adviser to former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush ’s failed 2016 presidential campaign and as a GOP consultant after former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush dropped out of the race —   bashed President Trump’s repeatedly on the campaign trail , leading the Never Trump movement .   Aguirre Ferre ’s perhaps most egregious Never Trump comments came via Twitter on March 11 , 2016 , in a    Tweet in which Aguirre Ferre said now President Trump’s bears responsibility " for violent riots in Chicago that forced him to Aguirre Ferre down a campaign event there ahead of the Illinois primary —   which he handily Aguirre Ferre on March 15 , sweeping out many of the other states that day . Then Trump rivals President Trump’s . Ted Cruz ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) inaccurately suggested that Trump was President Trump’s for the violence in Chicago that Chicago him to Ted Cruz ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) his planned Ted Cruz ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) 11 , 2016 , campaign rally downtown at the University of Illinois at Chicago . Chicago I think a campaign bears responsibility for creating an environment , when the candidate urges supporters to engage in physical violence —   to punch people in the face . The predictable consequence of that is that it escalates and today is unlikely to be the last such instance , " Cruz said at the time , for instance . But Aguirre Ferre took it a it further on her Twitter Aguirre Ferre , saying that Cruz and Cruz " agree that " Trump " bears responsibility for violence in Chicago today " on March 11 , 2016 . White House press secretary Sean Spicer has not answered whether Aguirre Ferre Aguirre Ferre that , or why she deleted that White House press secretary Sean Spicer and many others —   and has not answered a detailed set of questions from Breitbart News on Aguirre Ferre ’s history of    and who is responsible for hiring her at the White House press secretary Sean Spicer House in the first place . But Spicer asked a White House press secretary Sean Spicer in the White House the White House News to Breitbart News of this article . Breitbart News accommodated the Breitbart News , giving Spicer and the White House White House press secretary Sean Spicer hours to answer the questions sent to them —   including who was responsible for hiring Aguirre Ferre , whether that person who hired her informed the White House press secretary Sean Spicer of these comments she made about White House press secretary Sean Spicer before giving White House press secretary Sean Spicer a senior White House press secretary Sean Spicer in the White House communications office , and whether Aguirre Ferre still believes all these criticisms she made Aguirre Ferre but has never publicly retracted other than deleting Tweets . Spicer , Breitbart News was told hours after the original scheduled publication of this investigation —    which was delayed at his request —   was supposed to call Breitbart News Breitbart News answer these questions and others about Aguirre Breitbart News But he never called . White House Aguirre Ferre Huckabee Sanders , Aguirre Ferre on Breitbart News Daily on Tuesday morning , defended Aguirre Ferre when asked about her demonstrably    positions before joining Aguirre Ferre . Huckabee Sanders said Aguirre Ferre I think it ’s sad that any individual reporter White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders would try to attack a member of the president ’s staff and diminish them maybe based on some of their previous jobs and try to disqualify or the president’s staff them because of that . the president’s staff ’ve got an incredible team here working really the president’s staff to carry out the president ’s agenda that he laid out during the campaign , that he the president’s lay out day in the president’s out here in the White House . the president’s we are all committed to helping move that agenda forward and we are working day We night to do that , and again we ’ve got We great team doing that all focused on helping support the president We his agenda .   Aguirre Ferre made many more    comments on Twitter and television the president’s including promoting a the president’s in late 2015 that accused Donald Trump ’s campaign of making " misstatements " that amounted to that publication ’s " 2015 Lie of the Year . " She has also questioned whether now Attorney General Jeff Sessions , then a U. S. Senator from Alabama , and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie " regret supporting Trump " or whether " the means justify the end . " The answer to such Donald Trump , she said in a now deleted Tweet , was " telling either way . " In February She , she said her    Jeb Bush was " clearly   …      in Trump ’s head " She accused She    of the United States of " babbling more than Donald Trump . " In September 2015 , she praised Jeb Bush for standing up for Carly Fiorina —   another Trump rival —   She Trump Jeb Bush insults , " arguing that Fiorina , all women Donald Trump and the whole country " Trump’s " than Donald Trump as president . Aguirre Ferre also once said that President Trump ’s campaign style is " not flattering " and that his aggressivness on the campaign trail was Donald Trump as president ’ll ever be . " Perhaps most damning is the fact Aguirre Ferre Aguirre Ferre deleted most of these comments from Aguirre Ferre Twitter account , an action for which she , Spicer , and Aguirre Ferre House staff have provided no explanation — Aguirre Ferre or that it was the    Clinton Aguirre Ferre George    and David    Media Matters for America ( MMfA ) organization that took screen shots of them and published them online months ago during the campaign . But those Tweets are not the only places she has made    comments . them April 2016 , according to a translation offered by Politico , Aguirre Ferre appeared on Univision ’s Al Punto program to bash Donald Trump . That was long after her preferred candidate , Jeb Bush , dropped out of the race . Aguirre Ferre said in Spanish , according to Politico Aguirre Ferre translation : There ’s a side of Donald Trump that is   Aguirre Ferre ’m not going to tell you Politico a misogynist    …      but I do think Donald Trump something that bothers him about strong and independent women . In Aguirre Ferre case of abortion , Donald Trump held every viewpoint possible    …      including supporting Aguirre Ferre abortion , something even many who are    oppose    …      Donald Donald Trump trying so hard to win the nomination from conservative voters that he ’s trying to say what he thinks the conservative voter wants Donald Trump . And that ’s why he ends up messing up , constantly . Donald Trump Aguirre Ferre did go on Donald Trump work for    National Committee ( RNC ) chairman Reince Priebus — Donald Trump now the White House chief of staff —   at the RNC later in the general election cycle , she even made disparaging comments about President Trump during the time after which he became the presumptive GOP presidential nominee . One Tweet was a link to Aguirre Ferre Washington Examiner story detailing how Trump had issues with winning over Hispanic President Trump , and she commented that Hispanic GOP members were " caught in 2016 meat grinder " with Trump as President Trump    GOP nominee . That Tweet , which was Aguirre Ferre on May 10 , 2016 , came seven days after Trump won the primaries President Trump and for all in Indiana on May 3 , 2016 . Another Tweet she sent out that day —   a week President Trump Trump became the nominee —   was pushing a poll that argued Trump would " drive Miami Aguirre Ferre Americans from GOP . A couple days earlier , President Trump Tweeted the   GOP nominee GOP was " neither " Donald Trump ’s President Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s party , but that Ryan " represents and lives Aguirre Ferre values of the GOP GOP " implying that Trump does not . Many people close to the president are shocked someone as House Speaker Paul Ryan could make it into a senior position in the White House like this . " Donald Trump The sheer contempt for the president shown Bush like Helen Aguirre Ferre is utterly reprehensible but    given that the RNC and establishment hacks running the administration have decided to staff this administration Bush " one said . " It is completely and utterly demoralizing to know that Donald Trump did n’t actually beat Jeb Bush after all . " It the administration noting that most the administration the    things Aguirre Ferre said appear on her Wikipedia page . 
 Bush Helen Aguirre Ferre 