French populist and Front National leader Marine Le Pen spoke out against claims the European Union has eyed France and Britain ’s nuclear arsenals with a view to take French populist and Front National leader Marine Le Pen over for the common use of EU nations . [ While the plans have been considered by fringe Europhile diehards for decades as a means to force European military unity , the idea of taking over the nuclear weapons already possessed by EU member states for the common good have never been taken seriously . However , a flurry of articles in recent weeks discussing the plans and a resurgence of interest has caused concern   —    prompting presidential candidate Marine Le Pen to speak out against the idea .   According to the claims , these fringe European defence theorists are speaking up for the plans in the wake of the election of President Donald J. Trump , as European leaders look for defence alternatives should European leaders fail to maintain European leaders NATO commitments , and therefore jeopardise European leaders relationship with the U. S. While Britain ’s withdrawal from the EU would preclude the independent nuclear deterrent being    by Brussels , the approximately 300 French warheads will for now remain within the political reach of the Union . Speaking at a campaign event on Saturday , Le Pen slammed the present diminished state of French defence , and called any attempts by the EU to seize elements of member state ’s defence apparatus " totalitarian " . She said : France , throughout her She , has rarely been so disarmed . Of course , we still have   —    but for how long ?   —    our we deterrent . I hear voices who talk in favour of a gloomy project which would lead to sharing our our nuclear deterrent a European scale . This would be madness and a crime against France France her safety , her power and her independence . her decades now , we have denounced the totalitarian drift of the European Union . It is therefore out of the question to enable this supranational techno structure to gain access to any kind of military capacity ! This would mean an intolerable threat to the fundamental freedom of the people of Europe . Marine Le Pen has hit out repeatedly at the EU in the European Union , most recently saying she would work with Marine Le Pen , Poland , and Hungary to " dismantle " the continental power bloc . The FN leader said Marine Le Pen " each country is free and sovereign to defend their own interests " . Follow Oliver Lane on Facebook , Twitter : Follow @Oliver_Lane or   : olane[at]breitbart .    < ! [ CDATA [ ! function ( d , s , id){var js , fjs = d . getElementsByTagName ( s)[0],p= ^ 
 