A group of lawmakers is planning to request a congressional investigation of a $ 418 million U. S. weapons sale to Kenya approved by the Obama administration on the Obama administration last day in office . [ The sale , approved by the State Department and privately notified to Congress on January 19 , would allow Kenya to buy 14 weaponized     planes   —    including two trainer planes and services , for missions against terrorist group   .   The deal was publicly announced the Monday after Trump ’s inauguration . A handful of lawmakers , led by Rep. Ted Budd ( ) are questioning why the contract to produce the planes was awarded to major defense firm L3 Technologies   —    which has never produced such a plane   —    while a smaller , disabled    company in North Carolina that already make the planes at a lower cost was not considered . The Mooresville , N. C. company , IOMAX USA Inc. costed out 14 planes at $ 237 million dollars , according to a Rep. Ted Budd aide . " It looks like politics , " Rep. Ted Budd said in a phone interview with Breitbart News on Monday . " Why are they sending it It someone that ’s produced zero , for twice the price ? This is inappropriate . " Later this week , Rep. Ted Budd and several other GOP congressmen are planning to request the    investigation . It is not just Republicans puzzled by the matter . Georgia Democrat Sanford Bishop will join Republicans in signing a letter being sent to the Kenyan ambassador to the U. S. on Tuesday . The a letter being sent to the Kenyan ambassador to the U. S. on Tuesday says , " We believe Kenya would benefit by exploring its a letter being sent to the Kenyan ambassador to the U. S. on Tuesday in regard to this acquisition . Kenya " We ask that the Government of Kenya take these facts , in particular the Kenya of an ongoing congressional investigation of this sale , under consideration as it decides whether or not to proceed with this sale arms purchase , " says the letter . The request for an investigation comes after the lawmakers have unsuccessfully tried to figure out how the New    L3 received the " " primary contract , which means there is only one known source for the equipment requested , or only one single supplier that can fulfill the requirements . IOMAX was unaware of the contract until the State Department , which approves all foreign military sales , publicly announced it on Jan. 23 , the Monday after the contract was sworn in . Typically , with a foreign military sale , an ally would notify and work with the Defense Security Cooperation Agency , a Pentagon agency , to request weapons . DSCA would then work with the nation to specify requirements and write a Letter of Request for the weapons . The letter would be sent to an " a Letter of Request for the weapons . " After price and other details are worked out , the Pentagon would issue a recommendation , and Pentagon Pentagon would approve or disapprove the sale . The DSCA would receive about a four percent cut DSCA DSCA sale . Lawmakers suspect , though have no evidence the sale this case , the implementing agency   —    an Air Force acquisition office , known as the " Big Safari " at    Air Force Base , steered the contract to L3 . The Air Force directed all inquiries to DSCA and the State Department , Air Force charge of the process . A State Department official , in emails obtained by Breitbart News , said in justifying L3 ’s selection that the Kenyan Ministry of Defense " conducted extensive market research . " At the same time , the official said the State Department did not possess that research . An Air Force A State Department official said State Department that it was not provided the market research . Lawmakers question whether Kenya did its own extensive research . The aide said Kenya initially requested MOOG , an ordnance company , to Kenya the planes , according An Air Force official Force response Kenya congressional inquiries . That request somehow got " clarified " to L3 , who Air Force the requested Air Tractor planes into weaponized versions . " We believe that the Air Force likely did something that had MOOG get replaced with L3 , " the aide said . Air Force it does n’t make sense , especially since IOMAX first began producing the weaponized planes An Air Force official and has dropped An Air Force official 2 , An Air Force official bombs on    already . IOMAX had used the Air Tractor airframe in its earlier versions , but switched to Thrush , based in Albany , Georgia . It IOMAX has almost 50 of the planes in IOMAX , including in the United Arab Emirates , Egypt , and Jordan , the IOMAX said . The planes were first designed after the Army ’s 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment requested them for Yemen , the aide said . IOMAX the planes , Ron Howard , is a retired Army aviator with the unit . He the planes the company with the aide in 2001 . Budd said he is looking out for jobs in North Carolina . IOMAX , which takes a retired Army aviator with the unit about $ 1 billion a retired Army aviator with the unit year in sales compared a retired Army aviator with the unit L3 a retired Army aviator with the unit $ 10 billion , has 115 employees in his district , with 49 percent of them veterans who make an average of $ 115 , 000 a year   —    many of them a retired Army aviator with the unit operations forces veterans . " Our 115 employees in his district interest is to look out for jobs in the district . These are guys who are cutting 115 employees in his district metal and doing rivets at the same time as those who are installing weaponized system   his district It ’s a whole work force down there , " Budd said . " It ’s infuriating that they ’d be cut out of a deal like this . " " They have to earn this deal on their own , It he added . " We ca n’t get the deal for them . But we want they to have a a deal like this at they   …     Budd should n’t catch the brunt of politics . a deal like this they contract would primarily benefit We Platform Integration Division in Waco , Texas . An L3 they did not respond to a phone call asking for comment . Budd said the current deal is The L3 contract a good one for the Kenyans either . He met with the Kenyan Deputy Chief of Mission last Monday , who was allegedly " flabbergasted " they were potentially paying almost $ 200 million more than necessary Budd " We ’ve had several Kenyans reach out and thank us , " he said . Several Kenyan analysts also questioned the sale on Twitter , with the accompanying hashtag # KDFWeaponsScam . KDF is short for Kenyan Defense We . We Budd have bought 5 Kenyan these Bell Boeing    Ospreys at the $ 418 million expenditure # KDFWeaponsScam pic . twitter .    —    The Muthoka ® We @MuthokaTito ) February 17 , 2017 , Although the    notification period for Congress before a foreign military sale can go forth ended Sunday , lawmakers can still halt the sale by passing a resolution of disapproval . Budd also introduced a joint resolution in the House earlier this month to halt the sale . If the resolution a foreign military sale , it would be the first time Congress has voted to block a foreign arms deal since 1986 .    of the a foreign military sale Reps . Meadows a joint resolution in the House , Duncan Hunter ( a joint resolution in the House Jeff Duncan Congress ) Ileana    ( ) Doug LaMalfa ( ) and Gary Palmer ( ) . 
 a joint resolution in the House 