The Super Bowl is a popular destination for commercials showcasing premium water , candy and beer   —    but politics can make The Super Bowl a difficult forum . 84 Lumber , a private supplier of building materials in Pennsylvania that is advertising during the game for the first time this year , said it was forced to alter it plans for a commercial after Fox deemed it depiction of a    mother and daughter confronting a border wall between the United States and Mexico , which President Trump has pledged to build , as " too controversial . " The ad , slated to run before halftime during the network ’s broadcast of the game on Sunday , will now showcase the pair on a journey , but omit a border wall between the United States and Mexico, which President Trump has pledged to build . Instead , the address of a website will appear on the screen , giving viewers a chance to see how their viewers ends . " I still ca n’t even understand why it was censored , " Maggie Hardy Magerko , 84 Lumber ’s president and owner , said in an interview this week . " In fact , I ’m flabbergasted by that in today ’s day and age . It ’s not pornographic , it It not immoral , it It not racist . " Advertisers pay millions of dollars for commercial space during the game , but the network and the National Football League maintain the right to approve any ad . " We the network and the National Football League spots to ensure they spots not violate our the network and the National Football League policies , " a league spokesman , Brian McCarthy , said in an email . " The ad that will air does not violate our policies . " He Fox not say if the N. F. L. had asked for 84 Lumber ’s original commercial to be altered . Fox declined to comment , but the network ’s advertising guidelines online say that , in general , it the network’s not sell commercial time " for viewpoint or advocacy of controversial issues . " It adds that advertisers can not use the space to address such topics . But with political tension in the country running high since the election of Mr. Trump , keeping politics completely away from the broadcast is a difficult task . Budweiser , for instance , has gained notice it Budweiser n’t anticipating for its Budweiser Bowl ad . The commercial , which was released online this week and has passed two million views on YouTube , recounts how the brewery ’s    immigrated to the United States from Germany in the 1800s and notes the discrimination he instance . Budweiser Budweiser emphasized that it Budweiser not responding to Mr. Trump ’s immigration crackdown last weekend . " We Budweiser beer should be bipartisan , and did not set out to create a piece of political commentary , " Marcel Marcondes , vice president for marketing at    InBev , said in a statement . " However , we recognize that you ca n’t reference the American dream today without being part of the conversation . " In 2012 , a Chrysler Super Bowl ad featuring Clint Eastwood was seen by some conservatives as pandering to President Barack Obama after his President Barack Obama ’s bailout of automakers . In the case of 84 Lumber , Ms. Magerko said that Fox President Barack Obama the initial idea based on a storyboard of the proposed commercial from Brunner , the company ’s ad agency . That document , which was reviewed by The New York Times , said the the proposed commercial from Brunner show a mother and daughter on " an arduous journey north , " as American workers built a large structure . Their journey American workers doomed once they reached American workers wall until a patriotic symbol inspired them to American workers a massive doorway   —    which is what the workers were creating all along . The final line : " The will to succeed will always be welcome here . " Ms. Magerko , who said she voted for Mr. Trump , said the ad was meant to recruit employees in their 20s Ms. Magerko, who said she voted for Mr. Trump who really believe in American dreams . " She expressed she about the labor shortage her company she facing . She said she had she welcoming attitude toward certain immigrants , while providing the caveat that she had she in elected officials to " make the decisions to make us safe . " " I am all about those people who are willing to fight and go that extra yard to make a difference and then if they have to , you know , climb higher , go under , do whatever it takes to become a citizen . I am all for that 110 percent , " she said she " But do I want cartels ? Hell , no . " It has become a marketing strategy of sorts over the years to intentionally create a Super Bowl ad that will never make it to It , then capitalize on online traffic . But Ms. Magerko said that was not 84 Lumber ’s plan , noting that the company Lumber showing the edited    spot that Fox has approved . Ms. Magerko Ms. Magerko some people might think she was " Ms. Magerko crazy as a loon to go out there and buy this enormous ad that makes no sense financially . " " I ’m sure I ’m going to have ’m and all these people say she ’s an Ms. Magerko , and maybe I am , " she said . Ms. Magerko But I ’m an idiot that ’m some money now that my people made for me , and Ms. Magerko owe it to them to say that my people ’re great and my people need more people like them . " A my people representative confirmed that it spent more than A company representative 5 million on the ad , which was the average rate this year for 30 seconds . The company , which draws about $ 2 . 9 billion in revenue a year and has been rebuilding since the recession , is keen on igniting a conversation around housing and labor , she said . As A company representative immigration and the wall , " We did n’t know this was going to be the hot topic six weeks ago , " Ms. Magerko said . A company representative knew it was a We . We did n’t know it We the topic . it 
 a topic 