WASHINGTON   —    Kentucky Republican Sen. Rand Paul cautioned President Donald Trump about making war in Syria Thursday evening shortly after it was announced that the Pentagon fired more than 50 Tomahawk cruise missiles on a Syrian air base . [ " While we all condemn the atrocities in Syria , the United States was not attacked . The President needs congressional authorization for military action as required by the Constitution , and I call on The President to come to Congress for a proper debate , " said Paul , who ran for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination against Trump .   " Our prior interventions in this region have done nothing to make Our safer and Syria will be no different , " The President said . Earlier Thursday , The President told Brian Kilmeade on Fox News Radio he The President skeptical about the President ’s ability to change Syria Syria new attacks . " If he The President to do something in Syria Syria he The President come to Congress and ask for a declaration of war . Short of congress Congress on it a declaration of war I ’m opposed to illegal and unconstitutional wars , " he The President . " I have the greatest amount of sympathy , I ca n’t see those pictures , it ’s heartrending to see those those pictures " he The President . " But going to war we have to decide will it be better or worse ? Will we improve we national we ? Are we threatened we by Syria , and if we go to war is Assad likely to use less chemical weapons or more ? " Paul argued American attacks could make the situation in Syria worse Syria " There ’s some argument for the more cornered and the more defeated in some ways more likely they are the more cornered and the more defeated in some ways use chemical weapons and actually for the less defeated they are the more cornered and the more defeated in some ways they ’re the more cornered and the more defeated in some ways likely to use them , the more cornered and the more defeated in some ways he said Paul " The bottom line is it ’s The bottom line . " 
 