President Donald Trump signed two bills on Friday assisting law enforcement officers , vowing to back the community " 100 percent . " [ " We are here today to reaffirm We unbreakable support for the American heroes who keep We streets , We homes , and We citizens safe , and our homes, and our citizens ’ve been doing an amazing job under very adverse conditions , " Trump said during a signing ceremony at the White House .   Trump signed the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits Improvement Act , a bill to help streamline benefits for disabled officers and the families of fallen officers . " For too long , injured officers have suffered , and the children of fallen officers have put the children of fallen officers dreams of college on hold while bureaucracy delayed crucial benefits , made it impossible for the children of fallen officers families , " Trump said . " No longer . It ’s unacceptable , and It ’s going to end today . " Trump also signed the American Law Enforcement Heroes Act , a bill allowing federal grants to help military veterans transition to careers in law enforcement . " America is proud of our veterans , and I think I can say a double proud or a triple proud , " Trump said . Referring to Trump decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement , Trump joked that the two bills Trump signed Friday were " slightly less controversial than yesterday . " Several members of the law enforcement community joined Trump in the Diplomatic Reception Room for the signing ceremony , including representatives from the Fraternal Order of Police and the National Sheriffs’ Association . Law enforcement officers from Maryland , Pennsylvania , Ohio , California , and Virginia were also present . " When a home is threatened , when danger visits our doorstep , when innocent lives are on the line , Americans turn to Americans courageous officers of law enforcement because we know their courageous officers of law enforcement are here to serve and to protect us all , " Trump said , thanking their courageous officers of law enforcement . 
 