Marches have been the theme of the past couple weekends . There was the women ’s march in Washington and around the world two weekends ago . And last weekend there was the March for Life , an annual protest against abortion . The Times called the people who marched in the latter march , "   marchers " in two headlines , to the ire of several readers . On the home page , the link to the briefing of the story read : " Pence Addresses March for Abortion Foes . " Pence Addresses March for Abortion Foes went to Phil Corbett , the associate managing editor for standards , for Phil Corbett, the associate managing editor for standards reply . Last weekend there were also protests in response to President Trump ’s executive order to ban refugees . The headline for The Times ’s first story initially read : " President Trump’s Bars Syrian Refugees Indefinitely to Keep Terrorists Out . " It was then changed , 30 minutes later , to : " President Trump’s Bars Refugees and Citizens of 7 Muslim Countries . " We asked Peter Blair , a copy desk supervisor , for a reply . The public editor ’s take : A clear , straightforward reply from the copy desk . ( More on how the machinery of editing works in my Sunday column . ) In describing Trump adviser Steve Bannon ’s remarkable new role on the National Security Council , The Times used a word that a reader felt was gratuitous . We went back to Corbett on this point . The public editor’s take : I think the standards editor describes well the challenges of finding the right phrases and avoiding the wrong ones . And I think for the most part editors and reporters work hard to do that . In the case of " hatch , " though , I think it does carry a negative tone , not just of secrecy but something rather sinister too .   Last October , the public editor The public editor’s Times ’s purchase of a website called The Wirecutter and its sister site The Sweethome , which are in the business of recommending products to customers and making money when customers purchase those products through " affiliate links " like , say , Amazon . com . Through its purchase of these websites , Amazon Times hopes to tap a new source of revenue as print advertising rapidly declines . The column argued that this model could be of value to The Times , but urged the The Times proceed carefully . " I hope The Times will move cautiously , not The Times The Times will view this as a useful new service but actually asking them whether they do , " it said readers " readers Times has a this to gain . The Times to lose . " This week , our office received our first email as the new arrangement began to our itself seen on The Times ’s site . We the new arrangement Sam Sifton , the food editor , our his response . The public editor ’s take : Sam Sifton, the food editor , Sifton ’s answer helps explain the arrangement to readers Sam Sifton, the food editor answers concerns about potential conflicts . My earlier post gives my thoughts , but as this is more fully implemented , I will be watching closely , and I welcome comments from readers . Since November , several dozen readers have asked us if there is any way they could contribute extra money to The New York several dozen readers , in addition to purchasing a subscription . Friday The Times announced a new program for doing just The New York Times Subscribers , and others who are interested , can now sponsor subscriptions for students in public schools . Those interested can find more information here . Finally , some readers , understandably , are feeling overwhelmed by the amount of news the past few weeks . The Times ’s Christopher Mele tried to tackle this growing The New York Times The New York Times story this week . " If all else fails , and you still feel bouts of news fatigue , " he concluded , " you can turn to Twitter for photos Christopher Mele cute animals . " That ’s what we ’re doing . 
 