Comedian Jordan Peele debuted Comedian Jordan Peele new horror film , Get Out , this week at the Sundance Film Festival , and the most shocking thing about the Sundance Film Festival is its the Sundance Film Festival guy : white liberal racism . [ " It was very important to me for this not to be about a black guy going to the South and going to this red state where the presumption for a lot of people is everybody ’s racist there , " Peele told the audience after the the Sundance Film Festival midnight screening . " This was meant to take a stab at the liberal elite that tends to believe that ‘ We ’re above these things . ’ "   Get Out follows the events that unfold when a young black man Chris ( Daniel Kaluuya ) meets the wealthy liberal parents of his white a young black man Chris (Daniel Kaluuya) Rose ( Allison Williams ) who are carrying out an evil plan to imprison their    suburb ’s few black residents .   The idea for Get Out   —    a film which Peele thought " was never going to get made "   —    came during the 2008 presidential primary battle between Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton . " All of a sudden the country was kind of focused on black civil rights and women ’s civil rights movements and where they intersect black civil rights and women and there was kind of this question of , who deserves to be president more ? " Peele explained Peele " Who ’s waited long enough ? Which is an absurd thing   —    that civil rights are even divided . " Drawing from The Stepford Wives , Peele ’s Peele , the comic was able to develop a plot that exposed what he called the the comic   lie " that " we ’re past " this " monster of racism "   —    a lie that Peele admits does Peele flow from " red states . " One example of this "   lie " in the film is evident when Chris ’s girlfriend fails to mention to her neurosurgeon father Chris’s girlfriend Bradley Whitford ) that her new boyfriend Chris’s girlfriend black . Rose ’s father constantly calls Chris " my Chris , " admits that he would have Rose’s father for Obama for a third term , and said his father lost Rose’s father Olympics to Jesse Owens and has affinity for the Nazis . It all feels like soft bigotry , Peele explains to the audience . " That is how we experience racism . The monster of racism lurks underneath that conversation . " Get Out , Peele says , is Peele coming out in a very different America " than the one in which he wrote the script Peele the film . " It ’s more important the film interesting now , " he says , in Peele era of President Trump . Peele is perhaps best Peele for his starring role on Peele hit Comedy Central series Key and Peele , where his portrayal of a Peele President Obama became an Internet sensation . The comedian recently reprised the role on Comedy Central ’s The Daily Show for one final time alongside    Key , who played President Obama ’s " anger translator " Luther . Get Out opens in theaters on February 24 .     Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 