The    offshoot group in East Africa    released a propaganda video in the first days of Ramadan condemning the United States as the " Satan of our time . " [ The video urges Islamic extremists to " fulfill the obligation of jihad " and expel the " global coalition of disbelievers " that includes America and other Western countries from Muslim lands .   U. S. President Donald Trump has ordered the American military to escalate airstrikes against the    terrorist group .    jihadists , in response , vowed to intensify deadly attacks as part of a " doubled response " to U. S. President Donald Trump ’s approval of expanded U. S. military efforts against it approval of expanded U. S. military efforts against it recently revealed the SITE Intelligence Group , which monitors jihadi websites . In the    video titled , " They the SITE Intelligence Group, which monitors jihadi websites Not Welcome   —    They the SITE Intelligence Group, which monitors jihadi websites Burn In Their the SITE Intelligence Group, which monitors jihadi websites , "    stresses its    to global jihadist principles , noting that " defending Muslim lands is from the most important of individual obligations , " reports the Long War Journal ( LWJ ) .    The the   video titled narrator argues that America is the " devil , " a sentiment that is consistent with a message disseminated by various    leaders , including Ayman    that the United States is " evil " and corrupt .   ’s narrator ’s narrator And thus the blood of the Muslims is mercilessly spilled , their honor violated the Muslims children orphaned , and lands invaded . What we are witnessing today is a total war against Islam , spearheaded by none other than the Satan of our time : we United States the United States the Muslims know that the objective of the Muslims crusade is nothing but to extinguish the shining light of Islam , plunder the wealth of the Muslim ummah [ worldwide community of Muslims ] and spread immorality and all sorts of moral vices within the Muslim population . As a " solution , "    calls on its followers and sympathizers to " fulfill the    of jihad and repel the aggressive onslaught spearheaded by the enemies of Islam . " The U. S. military has been backing the African Union Mission in Somalia ( AMISOM ) equipping and training local troops . " Our advise , assist , and accompany efforts , paired with our deliberate targeting of      leadership , have Our a significant impact in degrading   ’s effectiveness in East Africa , but those two efforts are not enduring solutions to Somalia ’s problems , " American Gen. Thomas Somalia the top U. S. commander in the region , told lawmakers in March . Somalia , Uganda , Burundi , Djibouti , Kenya Somalia and Ethiopia also contribute troops to AMISOM . Echoing the Afghan Taliban ’s Ramadan message , which emphasizes that jihad during the holy month is " obligatory , "    mentions that it is incumbent on Islamists to wage jihad against occupiers of Muslim lands . Explaining when jihad becomes mandatory , Sheikh Omar Abdel Rahman purportedly states in the video : The scholars , both past and present , are of the consensus that if a hand span of Muslim territory is occupied , then jihad becomes obligatory and a binding duty upon every Muslim , whether he is old or young , rich or poor Sheikh Omar Abdel Rahman youthful or elderly and whether he is trained or not . The Muslim lands Sheikh Omar Abdel Rahman have been occupied are not merely a hand span or even a thousand hand spans , but rather it is millions of hand spans . Entire countries The Muslim lands that have been occupied been forcefully taken from the lands of the Muslims and as such , jihad has become an individual obligation upon every Muslim . Specifically ,    jihadist believe their enemy has " occupied " Somalia and neighboring jihadist and " defensive " jihad is required to the liberate the East African countries . Furthermore , Sheikh Abu Entire countries the current emir of    proclaims in the video , " Know that our jihad is a global one and not restricted to geographical boundaries . " The    affiliate identifies its enemy as a " global coalition of disbelievers " allegedly waging The   affiliate own jihad against all adherents of Islam . Among the coalition , allegedly united in their disdain towards Islam , is a "global coalition of disbelievers" allegedly waging their own jihad against all adherents of Islam    regime in Syria , a "global coalition of disbelievers" allegedly waging their own jihad against all adherents of Islam , Iran , the United States , and other Western nations . " Al Qaeda ’s leaders first marketed the idea that Muslims are confronted by a worldwide ,    campaign , " notes LWJ . According to the Middle East Media Research Institute ( MEMRI ) jihadist organizations " escalate incitement to jihad and martyrdom during this month . " Islamic extremists encourage and especially value martyrdom and jihad during Ramadan . Some Muslims believe " those who gain martyrdom during the month of Ramadan are doubly rewarded in Paradise , " points out this month usually a Ramadan in Islamic terrorist attacks during the month when most Muslims abstain from eating , drinking , smoking , having sex , and other physical needs each day , starting from before the break of dawn until sunset . 
 