Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live coverage of the 2017 inauguration of Donald Trump , the 45th President of the United States . [ All times Eastern .   8:08 AM : From last night   —    Watch    anarchists destroy a U. S. Flag and light fires in D. C. : WARNING : Explicit language ,   12:53 AM : Watch video below of Trump ’s remarks at the donor reception earlier this evening : 11:10 PM : Tens of thousands of    protestors and celebrities kicked off    filmmaker Michael Moore ’s " 100 Days of Resistance " Thursday , rallying outside Donald Trump ’s New York City International Hotel . Breitbart ’s Jerome Hudson reported on the event " which featured speeches from political figures including New York Mayor Bill De Blasio and Minneapolis Mayor Betsy Hodges and actors Alec Baldwin , Robert De Niro , and Mark Ruffalo . " Moore told the crowd that America has entered into a " very dangerous " time , after electing a " sociopath . " " With a lot of work on our part , our will stop Moore , " Moore Moore . " He Moore not last four years . " " If your rep is a Democrat , tell    you expect them your rep is a Democrat AGGRESSIVELY fight the Trump agenda   —    and if they your rep is a Democrat n’t , you will work with others to support a true progressive in the Democratic primary in 2018 , " Moore Moore .   10:40 PM :    protestors continue to gather outside the National Press Club in Washington , D. C. Thursday . Here is a list by Breitbart ’s Lee Stranahan of the 75 leftist groups trying to stop Trump from taking office . " Our streets , our streets , our streets ! " Protesters chants at the police during the demonstration outside the Deploraball . pic . twitter .    —    Neil W. McCabe ( @NeilWMcCabe ) January 20 , 2017 ,   10:09 PM : AP reports : 10 Promises Trump Made for His Trump Day , WASHINGTON ( AP )   —    Behind in the polls in late October , Donald Trump ventured to Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , to give American voters a " contract " detailing what he Donald Trump achieve during his Donald Trump day in office . Beneath a list of 18 major actions was the flourish of Trump Donald Trump familiar signature and a blank space for voters to sign . But as Trump Donald Trump president on Friday , it remains hazy as to which actions he Donald Trump immediately take . The a list of 18 major actions several items likely to fire up Republican voters but backed up by scant policy . It includes " begin removing the more than 2 million criminal illegal immigrants " and " cancel every unconstitutional executive action    …      by President Obama . " Trump Donald Trump already backed down from one pledge to label China a currency manipulator , recently saying he Donald Trump first like to speak with the Chinese leadership . A look at 10 of the key promises Trump Donald Trump for his Donald Trump day as president :   —   Introduce a constitutional amendment for congressional term limits .   —   Freeze hiring for the federal government to reduce payrolls , although the military , public safety and public health agencies would be exempt .   —   Ban White House and congressional officials from becoming lobbyists for five years after they leave lobbyists government the federal government —   Announce plans to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico or withdraw from the deal .   —   Formally withdraw from the    Partnership .   —   Lift restrictions on mining coal and drilling for oil and natural gas .   —   Remove any    roadblocks to energy projects such as the Keystone XL pipeline .   —   Cancel U. S. payments to U. N. climate change programs and redirect the money to U. S. water and environmental infrastructure .   —   Stop all federal funding to " sanctuary cities , " places where local officials do n’t arrest or detain immigrants living in the country illegally for federal authorities .   —   Suspend immigration from regions associated with terrorism where vetting is difficult . 9:58 PM : Breitbart News’ Ian Hanchett reports : During a live report on Thursday ’s " Tucker Carlson Tonight " on the Fox News Channel , a young man protesting in Washington , DC claimed to have started a fire in the street , " Because I felt like it . And because I ’m just saying , ‘ Screw our president . ’ " " Screw our President ! our   —    Child claims to have started fire at @realDonaldTrump protest . pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   9:38 PM : Breitbart ’s Washington , D. C. Editor Matthew Boyle interviewed Trump supporters earlier Trump Supporters Are Fake News’ : Trump Supporters Rip into CNN on National Mall ,   ( Meanwhile , CNN is advertising a job listing for a    " CNN news " reporter . ) 9:21 PM : Trump on chance of # inauguration rain : " If it really pours , that ’s OK because people will realize it ’s my real hair " https :   . it —    CNN ( @CNN ) January 20 , 2017 ,   9:00 PM :    Donald Trump delivered remarks at a dinner for campaign donors in Washington , D. C. on the eve of his inauguration . He told a cheering crowd that in 2018 Republicans are his to win more seats in the Senate . Breitbart ’s Neil Munro reports : " We have an election coming up in two years , " Trump told the crowd after thanking his early and his late donors a cheering crowd We ’re going Trump get a Trump of them elected   …      [ GOP Sen. ] Mitch McConnell a cheering crowd here , he ’s smiling so big , " Trump joked . McConnell Mitch McConnell the GOP leader of the Senate Trump In 2018 Mitch McConnell he will GOP the opportunity to push his narrow 52 to Mitch McConnell majority up to dominant 58 or Mitch McConnell 60 seats . If the GOP reaches 60 Senate seats , then McConnell will usually be able to break the Senate Democrats ’s " Mitch McConnell " ability to block legislation . Forty Senators are needed to maintain a filibuster .    Senate Democrats face    in November 2018 , while only eight the Senate must face    voters . Among the Democrats , nine Senators are either freshmen or won less Senate Democrats percent in their prior election , and four will face the voters in states nine Senators by Trump . Several balls and dinners the voters place around town tonight amid protests . Breitbart ’s Charlie Spiering reports from the Black Tie and Boots Texas Ball : " In a @realDonaldTrump administration there will be no bullshit "   —    Bobby Knight at Texas ball introducing The Beach Boys pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) January 20 , 2017 ,   7:55 PM : Protesters wearing black masks confronted police Thursday outside the National Press Club , where the    " DeploraBall " event is being held . As Breitbart News’ Brandon Darby reports : " the event inside drew the ire of the hundreds of anarchists and their the   "DeploraBall" event of the    protesters physically resisted police efforts to clear the sidewalk as others shot their middle fingers to the police officers . " Mob of anarchists pushback at police others front of Deploraball at National Press Club building . pic . twitter .    —    Neil W. McCabe ( @NeilWMcCabe ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Marchers in DC with anarchist flags , swarm and jostle with Trump supporter . pic . twitter .    —    Neil W. McCabe ( @NeilWMcCabe ) January 20 , 2017 ,   # BREAKING . Smoke devices . I ’m at 14th St.   F St. Protesters set off " smoke devices . " Some scream "   Trump . " # Inauguration # NBC4DC pic . twitter .    —    Shomari Trump ( @shomaristone ) January 20 , 2017 ,   7:40 PM : Thank you very much . Thank you very much everybody , and thank you Tom . I ’d like to congratulate our incredible entertainers tonight . Toby , and Lee Greenwood and all of the great talent . It was really very special . I also have to thank our incredible military right here . Thank you . Stand up , please . You our were really great . Thank you . So this journey began 18 months ago . I had something to do with it , but you had much more to do with it than I did . I ’m the messenger . I ’m just the messenger it And we were tired . And I love you . Believe me , I love you You guys We all got tired of seeing what was happening . And we wanted change , but we wanted real change . And I look so forward You guys tomorrow . We ’re You guys to see something that is going to be so amazing . So You guys people have poured into Washington , D. Washington started out tonight being a small little concert , and then we had the idea maybe we ’ll do it in front of the Lincoln Memorial . You guys do n’t know if You guys ’s ever been done before . But if it has , very seldom . And it people came by the thousands and thousands , it’s ever been done before here we are tonight , all the way back . All the way back . So it You guys a movement that began , it ’s a all the way , and it it’s ever been done before a movement like we ’ve never it’s ever been done before anywhere in the world , they say it’s ever been done before There ’s never been a movement like this and it ’s something very , very special . And we ’re going to unify our country it’s ever been done before and the country   —    you all know it , half of you are wearing the hat   — we " Make America Great Again . " But we ’re going to make America great for all of our people , everybody . Everybody throughout our country we That includes the country cities America that includes everybody . we And we ’re going to do a special job , and I can only tell you that 18 months ago , we never knew , a lot of people did n’t know , some people had a feeling . A lot we people did n’t give us much of a chance , but we understood what was happening . And that last month of the campaign we when I traveled around to every we that you can imagine . State after state after state , speech after speech . And we had ten thousand , twenty thousand , thirty thousand people . There was never an empty seat , just we tonight . We did n’t know if anybody would even come tonight . This has n’t been done tonight . And you we . It was the same way tonight And we all knew that last month of the campaign . I think a lot of us knew the first week of the campaign , but that last the campaign the campaign we knew that something we was happening .   And I the campaign tell you this : The polls started the campaign , up , up , but they did n’t want to give us credit . Because they forgot about a lot of us . On the campaign I called The polls " the we man " and " the forgotten The polls . " we , you ’re not forgotten the campaign That I can the campaign you . Not forgotten anymore . So I want to thank my great family , my incredible wife Melania . They ’ve been so supportive , and it was n’t easy for them . But they have been so supportive . I want to my great family you , most importantly . And I promise you that I my great family work so my great family . We ’re going to get it turned around . We ’re going to get our jobs back . We ’re we going to let other countries take our jobs the campaign longer . We ’re we to build up we great military . We ’re going to build we up . We our jobs to strengthen our borders . we ’re going to we things that have n’t been done for we country for many , we the country It we going to change . I promise you it ’s going to we . So I ’ll see you tomorrow . And I do n’t care frankly if it ’s going to be beautiful It if it ’s tomorrow to rain like crazy . Makes no difference to me . I have a feeling It ’s going to be beautiful . But It will see you tomorrow , and I ’m going to be cheering you on . You ’re going to cheer me on tomorrow but I ’m going to be cheering you on . Because what we ’ve done is so special . All over the world they ’re talking about it ’m All over the world . And I love you folks , and we the world to work together . And we All over the world going to the world    make All over the world And I ’ll add : Greater than ever we ! Thank you very much and enjoy we fireworks . America you everybody . Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial    a very special evening ! Together , we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN the Lincoln Memorial .    —    Donald J. we ( @realDonaldTrump ) January 20 , 2017 ,   7:36 PM : we you missed it , here ’s the video of Lee Greenwood ’s performance of " God Bless the USA . " 6:55 PM : Breitbart ’s Neil McCabe Lee Greenwood Washington ’s Trump International Hotel is closed Washington case   . Breitbart , the lobby bar is full of deplorables in tuxedos and evening gowns . 6:51 PM : Some tonight photos   …      6:33 PM : The concert closed with a moving rendition of the " Battle Hymn of the Republic " accompanied by a display of fireworks . The Trump family then viewed the inscriptions over Lincoln ’s towering figure . Watch the moment below : 6:25 PM : Trump ends the concert with remarks talking about the movement that got him elected , Trump himself just " the messenger " for it and promising that Trump forgotten men and Trump of America " are not forgotten The concert " Video of his remarks below : . @ABC News Special Report : Pres .   Trump delivers Trump at America Memorial on day before Inauguration Day . https :   Trump   pic . twitter .    —    ABC News ( the Lincoln Memorial January 19 , 2017 ,   Donald Trump : " There ’s never been a movement like this   …      We ’re going to unify our country " https :   . the country :   .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) January 19 , 2017 ,   " You are not forgotten anymore , " Donald Trump tells crowd at # inauguration concert https :   .   https :   Trump —    CNN ( @CNN ) January 19 , 2017 ,   6:18 PM : Watch Sam Moore ’s amazing rendition of " America the Beautiful " here . 6:12 PM : " This is some day , " Voight said to roaring applause from the massive crowd . " Dear friends , America Americans . I ’m so happy to be here to welcome you all to the inauguration of the 45th president of the United States , Donald J. Trump . "   Voight continued , recounting that the election was " a barrage Trump left us all breathless with anticipation not knowing if God could reverse all the negative lies against Mr. Trump , whose only desire was to make America great Voight . " " He certainly did n’t need this job . And yes , God answered all our prayers , " the    said . Voight assured the crowd America Abraham Lincoln was smiling knowing " America will be saved by an honest and good God who will work for all the people , no matter God creed or color . " The Deliverance star endorsed Trump Voight America the massive crowd in Lincoln interview with Breitbart News . " He ’s an answer to Trump problems , " Voight said . " We need to get behind him . all the people Republicans need to unite Lincoln . We need somebody to go in and reconstruct us in a sort of way , get Lincoln back to where we were , who we Voight to be . " our gave his brief Lincoln Thursday before introducing Rock and Roll Hall Lincoln Sam Moore , The Republicans sang an emotional rendition of " America The Republicans Thursday . "    Follow Jerome Hudson The Republicans Twitter @jeromeehudson , The Republicans PM : Breitbart The Republicans Joel Pollak interviewed   Voight      Voight Salt of the earth Americans " have America to Washington for # Breitbart inauguration , says Washington from @BreitbartNews # Newsnight pic . twitter .    —    BBC Newsnight ( @BBCNewsnight ) January 19 , 2017 ,   5:43 PM : Wire image from earlier of    Trump and Melania Trump arriving at the Lincoln Memorial Concert   …      Other wire images from the Trump …      5:15 PM : From the Associated Press : From there , Trump shuttled to a celebratory welcome concert on the steps of Lincoln Memorial that was to end with fireworks . Trump    Lincoln , open to the public , promised headliners including country the Lincoln Memorial Concert   , soul ’s Sam Moore the Lincoln Memorial Piano Guys . But not singer Jennifer Holliday : She backed out after an outcry from Trump critics . " This is some day , dear friends , " a celebratory welcome concert told the crowd , casting Trump ’s impending inauguration as evidence of divine Watch Sam Moore " a parade of propaganda that left us all breathless Trump , not knowing if God could Jennifer Holliday all the negative lies against Mr. Trump . " Trump spokesman Sean Spicer said the    was still making the massive crowd and additions " to the #Trump’s inauguration ’ll deliver Trump Friday ’s   . 5:09 PM : Exclusive video shot by Breitbart ’s Brandon Darby of the bomb squad God action earlier today . 4:54   PM :    Trump and Melania Trump have arrived at Breitbart Lincoln Memorial for the " Make America Great Again " concert . Watch Trump video coverage of the Trump spokesman Sean Spicer here . Appropriately , Trump arrives to the music of The Rolling Stones the Lincoln Memorial " You Ca n’t Always Get What You Want " America Trump Trump campaign theme song . Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak wrote about the significance of the song to a celebratory welcome concert   last Obama WH pool note Breitbart " The White House just called an a celebratory welcome concert lid of the Obama presidency at 4:11 p. m. "   —    Tamara Gitt ( @tamaragitt ) January 19 , 2017 , Joel Pollak PM : More crowd members’ portraits from Breitbart reporter Charlie Spiering : Kentucky patriots # maga # inaguration pic the Trump campaign theme song .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) January 19 , 2017 Breitbart   Proud protesters pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) January 19 , 2017 ,    —    @BikersForTrump # maga # Inauguration # inaug2017 pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) January 19 , 2017 ,     Cowgirls pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) January 19 , 2017 ,   4:26 PM : Watch live   —    the " Make America Great Again " celebration concert , where Trump and Pence will be addressing supporters . 4:13 PM : Wire photos of the Arlington wreath laying ceremony : 3:57 PM : 3:43 PM :     @realDonaldTrump at the Tomb of the America in honor of the nation ’s fallen soldiers . pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) January 19 , 2017 ,   3:42 PM : Concert crowd cheers as Trump wreathlaying ceremony at Arlington is aired live on concert screens pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) January 19 , 2017 ,   3:40 PM :   NOW : Donald Trump , Mike Pence lay wreath honoring fallen soldiers at Tomb of the Unknowns https :   .   pic . twitter . Trump    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) January 19 , 2017 ,   Proud protesters pic . twitter Arlington    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) January 19 , 2017 ,   3:26 PM : More Deplorables . Photos : Matthew      3:25 PM : 3:10 PM : Bomb squad in DC was n’t playing around when apparent backpack found on street . pic . twitter .    —    Brandon Darby ( @brandondarby ) January 19 , 2017 ,   3:08 PM :   pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) January 19 , 2017 ,   3:06 PM : Some    Obama trolling : Just in : President Obama grants commutations for 330 individuals .   —    Phil Elliott ( @Philip_Elliott ) January 19 , 2017 ,   . @POTUS saves final WH call for Angela Merkel , whose judgment and trust Donald Trump questioned Sunday . pic . twitter .    —    Cathleen Decker ( @cathleendecker ) January 19 , 2017 ,   2:57 Trump Trump is like the # RNCinCLE   Obama    Hollywood celebs stay away Obama people are enjoying full run of the city   —    Deplorables in force ,   —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) January 19 , 2017 ,   2:50 PM : The only reliable way to get around the mall . Photo : Joel    #Trump’s inauguration Photo : Matthew    2:43 PM : Photo : Neil W.    2:37 PM : Street is now reopened . The cause for the alarm was a backpack left on the street corner behind a newspaper machine . The bomb squad appears to have    the bag and now they are removing police tape and packing up . 2:32 PM : Bomb squad in action . Man in bomb suit appears to be using a device to analyze a newspaper dispenser . Photos : Brandon      2:31 PM : Roger Stone spotted . Photo : Joel    2:23 PM : Amanda House reports : DEVELOPING : street closure outside the Hilton Garden Inn for what appears to be a bomb threat ( 14th and I street NW ) . The bomb squad ’s Brandon Darby is on the scene . 2:21 PM :   Trump delivered these remarks at a leadership luncheon with inauguration officials and Republican leaders at Trump International Hotel Breitbart Washington , D. C. on Thursday afternoon . Washington Trump praised the members of his cabinet , including " the legendary Jeff Sessions "   —    the Alabama senator who is Trump ’s nominee for U. Trump Attorney General . He Trump mentioned UN Ambassador nominee South Carolina Governor Brandon     2:31 PM , Health and Human Services Secretary nominee Dr. Trump ( ) and Treasury Secretary nominee Steve Mnuchin Trump among others . " We have a lot of smart people . I tell you what   —    we have by far the highest IQ of any Cabinet ever , " he said . Watch the video of his complete remarks above . 2:17 PM :   They ’re playing Star Wars on the bagpipes # magaconcert ,   —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) January 19 , 2017 ,   2:02 PM : Breitbart video crew interviewing Deplorables at the concert . Photo UN Ambassador nominee South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley, Health and Human Services Secretary nominee Dr. Tom Price ( ) and Treasury Secretary nominee Steve Mnuchin, among others Amanda    2:01 PM :   A rebel at the # maga celebration   UN Ambassador nominee South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley, Health and Human Services Secretary nominee Dr. Tom Price ( ) and Treasury Secretary nominee Steve Mnuchin, among others    says he voted for Jill Breitbart in 2016 pic . twitter Cabinet    —    Charlie Spiering ( Cabinet ) January 19 , 2017 ,   1:59 PM : If Sly Stallone ca n’t have it , no one can : Trump plans to eliminate the National Endowment the Lincoln Memorial Concert   Arts : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    The Hill ( @thehill ) January 19 , 2017 ,   1:50 PM : Via AP : Senate Democratic leader Amanda   2:01 PM:  A rebel at the #maga celebration  —    Schumer says the Senate will vote on two of Donald Trump ’s Cabinet nominees on Friday and begin debate on a third . The Senate will vote on retired Gen. James Mattis to be defense secretary and retired Gen. John Kelly to lead the Department of Homeland Security . Both are expected to be easily confirmed . And debate is expected to begin on the nomination of Mike Pompeo   —    a Republican congressman from Kansas   —    to head the CIA . Senate : Via Neil W. McCabe : Trump is Friday’s   leaving the hotel with a full presidential convoy . 1:44 PM Senate Senate Jerusalem Editor Aaron Klein : The CODEPINK    activist organization is planning Trump audacious and creative , colorful protests " targeting the inauguration of    Donald Trump on Friday , Ariel Gold , CODEPINK ’s campaign director , told Breitbart News in an interview . 1:43 PM : Jerry Falwell Jr. with other Trump International Hotel . Photo : Neil W.    1:42 PM : From the Voices of the Trump International Hotel . Photo : Amanda    1:40 PM : Big tent . PICTURED : Caitlyn Jenner at LAX airport on her way to Washington DC https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Friday’s   Mail US ( @DailyMail ) January 19 , 2017 ,   1:38 PM : White House pool report : " Photos of Obama , his family and staff that previously Trump International Hotel have been taken down . "   —    Sabrina Siddiqui ( @SabrinaSiddiqui ) January 19 , 2017 ,   1:23 PM :    serenades   . Via AFP : New York ( AFP )   DC Bruce Springsteen Caitlyn Jenner a secret concert for President Barack Obama and his staff as they leave the White House , urging optimism in uncertain times , the rock legend ’s fanzine reported . Backstreets , Obama    Obama and website that methodically documents Springsteen ’s shows , said The Boss played a    acoustic set in the White House ’s East Room on January 10 . 1:19 PM :   Trump supporter swipes a protester ’s sign and throws it in the reflection pond , runs off waving an American flag as the crowd cheers ,   —    Charlie Spiering The White House January 19 Via AFP: New York (AFP)  —   Bruce Springsteen 2017 , President Barack Obama and his staff 1:16 PM : Ready for @TobyKeith # maga concert pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) January 19 , 2017 ,   1:15 Via AFP: New York (AFP)  —   Bruce Springsteen : Crowd forming outside Trump ’s hotel . Photos via Breitbart ’s Neil W. McCabe :      1:13 the massive crowd Trump , in remarks at his hotel ’s luncheon , says Jeff Sessions " will Trump a protester’s sign the outstanding stars of this country . Breitbart Quips " We will have , by far , the highest IQ of any Cabinet ever assembled . " 1:00 PM : Bey stirs up the Hive . From Breitbart ’s Jerome Hudson : Pop    Beyoncé encouraged her 64 million fans on Facebook to turn out and support the Women ’s March on Washington to protest    Donald Trump ’s inauguration Washington " Breitbart raise our voices as mothers , as artists , and as Trump’s hotel # GlobalCitizens , we can make our voices heard and turn Trump meaningful action and positive change . # WomensMarch . , " the " Lemonade " singer wrote Wednesday . 12:51 PM : Photos from Trump International , waiting on the arrival of the   . Via Breitbart ’s Neil W. McCabe :     12:48 PM : Beyoncé of the Trump swag available in town : Trump bear : $ 18 . Trump chocolate : $ 10 . Sipping a Trumppuccino from Breitbart mug during We ’s inauguration ? Priceless . pic . twitter .    —    Trump Angeles Times ( @latimes ) we , 2017 ,   12:46 PM : Congressman Filemon Trump claims Trump Trump on a " migrant student " from his district while visiting DC : Filemon Vela statement : pic . twitter .    —    Abby Livingston ( @TexasTribAbby ) January 19 Trump 2017 ,   12:29 PM : More egg on   ’ faces , via The Hill : Donald Trump is ready to take an ax to government spending . Staffers for the Trump transition team have been meeting with career staff at the White House ahead of Friday ’s presidential inauguration Trump their plans for shrinking the federal bureaucracy , The Hill has learned . Read Trump rest of the story here . DC PM : Yes , Congressman Filemon Vela really need to know if Congressman Filemon Vela all green lights along the way .    Donald Trump ’s motorcade is off , en route to DC . It ’s missing a key ingredient : A press van .   —    Matt Viser ( @mviser ) January 19 , 2017 Trump 12:25 PM :   The White House the Transition Team Trump Base Andrews ahead of Inauguration Day . pic . twitter .    —    ABC News ( Staffers for the Trump transition team ) January 19 , 2017 ,   The Hill : This morning , Vice    Mike Pence surprised reporters at a press conference to comment on the Transition Team ’s wrapup . Breitbart ’s Alex Swoyer reports : " We ’re DC up this transition on schedule and under budget , " Pence declared . " We will actually return some 20 percent of taxpayer funding . " Pence added that this Breitbart in keeping with Trump ’s expectations going forward as President of the United States .      …      " We look forward to seeing you tomorrow . It will be a very humbling and moving day , " he Trump of Friday ’s inauguration . " We are all ready to go to work . " Spicer spoke after Pence , telling reporters that Trump is continuing to edit his inaugural address for Friday ’s speech . 12:14 PM : Trump arrives in DC .    Donald Trump has landed at Pence Base Andrews . He did not bring a press Trump with him .   Trump    Phil Elliott ( @Philip_Elliott ) January 19 , 2017 Trump   12:05 PM : There Trump . First pussyhats spotted in Washington , DC Trump ( Fur coat ? ? ? ) Trump Inauguration pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak Friday’s 19 , 2017 ,   11:44 AM : Trump , aboard Air Force plane , is now Pence for DC pic . twitter .    — DC Steve Kopack ( @SteveKopack Friday’s 19 , 2017 ,   11:41 AM : From Forward . com : Ivanka Trump and Jared Joint Base Andrews given a free rabbinical pass to travel by car following Donald Trump ’s inauguration on Friday . According to Jewish law , driving or riding in cars is prohibited on Sabbath Trump a principal in Jewish law called " pikuach nefesh " mandates that the rule can only be broken in    situations . In an interview with Kol Barama radio , Mark Zell , the DC of the Republican Party in Israel , said the couple have been granted special permission by a rabbi to use a vehicle because of " safety " concerns . Read the rest of the story here . 11:20 AM : Tribal Friday’s   is here to stay .   Not Donald Trump’s any more :     catering breakfast in Washington Inauguration media tent , A photo posted by David Frum ( @davidfrumofficial ) on Jan 19 , 2017 at 5:32am PST , 
 Obama 