There is something decidedly odd about the California State Legislature ’s decision to hire former Attorney General Eric Holder , now back at the prestigious Covington   Burling law firm , to fight the incoming administration of    Donald Trump . [ The weirdness goes beyond the fact that The weirdness may be unconstitutional for the California State Legislature’s to have hired Holder , given that the state already has its the state attorneys who are certainly capable of doing what the state government requires .   One of those its own attorneys who are certainly capable of doing what the state government requires none other than Gov. Jerry Brown ’s nominee for Attorney General , Rep. Xavier Becerra ( ) . He has a long track record of fighting Republicans on issues like immigration and entitlement reform , and has has made clear he intends He fight the Trump administration every step of the way to protect California ’s    state and its " California " policies . He is He , as the local media noted appropriately at his nomination He California ’s California Latino Attorney General . So why does California need California ? Does the California State Legislature believe somehow that Becerra lacks the ability to do the job ? Probably not , since a committee of the State Assembly approved his nomination He week in a      vote . Does Holder bring something special to the job of representing the state that Becerra does Becerra ? They are these men Washington creatures and know how to fight on the national stage . Is there some reason to pay both of these men , working separately ? Note that California has some recent , and bad , experience with duplicating government functions . Much of last year ’s political energy was spent in a pointless feud over gun control between Senate President pro Tem Kevin de Léon (   Angeles )   —    the first Latino to serve in that role in more than a century   —    and Lieutenant Gov. Gavin Newsom , the Democratic favorite for governor in 2018 against formidable challenger Antonio Villaraigosa , who served as the first Latino mayor of Los Angeles . Newsom wanted to legalize marijuana via referendum . But then he decided Newsom add a gun control referendum , Proposition 63 , which bans    ammunition magazines and requires ammunition purchasers to undergo a background check . Sen. de Léon championed his own Sen. de Léon control efforts through the legislature , triggering a nasty spat . The potential for clashes between the executive and legislature , even on common policies , is clear . Why would California risk repeating history ? Come to think of it   —    why did Newsom insist on credit for both the marijuana and the gun control initiatives , without finding any room for de Léon to share the " progressive " accolades ? The    Léon fight happened at the same time as the race for U. S. Senate between Becerra ’s predecessor , Kamala Harris , and Rep. Loretta Sanchez ( ) pitting the state ’s first black and Hispanic candidates for the seat against each other . Before she faded Becerra’s the stretch , Sanchez had carried the hopes of California ’s rising Latino constituency . But Harris clinched the biggest endorsements and donors very early in the race . Over and over again , California ’s California’s leadership has offered new leaders to the state California in each case , the state ’s California establishment has maneuvered to block them . Eric Holder , who California’s emerging Latino leadership no roots in California , walked into his California job with no confirmation hearings Becerra has to jump through the hoops . What is the message there ? One hesitates even to touch the Democratic Party ’s identity politics game . Perhaps the real rivalry is between Northern and Southern California : the San Francisco Bay Area has a stranglehold on statewide office , and most of the state ’s Latino stars hail from L. A. and Orange County . Still , it is odd that the California State Legislature decided that as qualified as he is , Rep. Becerra needs the California State Legislature " double "   —    at a cost of $ 25 , 000 per month   —    from a    law firm on the other side of the country . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the Joel B. Pollak most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Joel B. Pollak : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Joel B. Pollak 