Stanley Black   Decker , one of the U. S. A. ’s most well known hand and power tool manufacturers , has unveiled plans to move some manufacturing back to the U. S. after the election of Donald J. Trump to the White House . [ In remarks to investors during a Thursday conference call , Stanley Black   Decker CEO James Loree said Stanley Black  Decker CEO James Loree just makes " business sense " to move manufacturing back to the U. S. especially given the uncertainty of trade relations with China and Mexico , USA Today reported .   " It ’s going to be advisable to have more manufacturing in the U. the U. S. Loree added . " Stanley Black  Decker CEO James Loree believe this is an excellent opportunity to    and revitalize this legendary brand , " he concluded . Stanley      Decker has been slowly increasing jobs in the U. S. for the U. S. years . Its current level of some 3 Stanley Black  Decker 000 workers is already up 800 from 2013 . It is not yet known how Stanley Black  Decker more jobs the company will be bringing to Stanley Black  Decker S. as a result the U. S. announcement . The remarks come after the Stanley Black  Decker announced the impending purchase of the Sears Stanley Black  Decker line for about $ 900 million after Sears suffered another round of setbacks which will include the closing of at least 150 more stores . Stanley Black   Decker is not alone in a sudden interest in    in the U. S. since the election of Donald the U. S. Only days ago at the start of the new year , Ford Motors announced it was canceling plans to build new manufacturing facilities in Mexico and Ford Motors instead    in America . But Ford is only the latest . A whole list of companies have Ford Motors promised to bring investment and jobs to America since Trump ’s election . Immediately after Trump ’s big November America , Donald J. Trump as Carrier , SoftBank , Donald J. Trump S. Steel , and IBM all announced major additions to the U. S. job market . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 