The Utah state legislature has passed a joint resolution calling for a return to federalism in general , and , in particular , the end of the federal Education Department . [ The measure passed the Utah State House with a vote of    and the State Senate ,   . the Utah State House was enrolled on March 17 .   State Rep. Ken Ivory sponsored HJR 017 , titled " Joint Resolution to Restore the Division of Governmental Responsibilities Between the National Government and the States . " "Joint Resolution " urges the President of the the States Congress to recognize state authority and take action to restore power to the states . the States measure specifically urges that Congress end the federal Congress Department and block grant funds for education to the states : WHEREAS the States [ federalism ] Commission received the following summary of federal overreach : EDUCATION , The resolution also : In addition , the resolution " encourages other The resolution join with the state of Utah in documenting issues of federal overreach . " Two bills have been introduced into Congress that call for the abolishment of the U. S. Education Department . In February , Kentucky Republican Rep. Thomas Massie introduced H. R. 899 , a measure that contains only one sentence : " The Department of Education Shall Terminate on December 31 , 2018 . " North Carolina Rep. David Rouzer ( R ) introduced another measure in March , H. R. 1510 , that " proposes a responsible dismantle of the Department of Education by reallocating its billions in funding to be the Department of Education distributed to the respective states to be used for any education purpose as they see fit . " President the respective states Trump recently signed legislation that rolled back two    education regulations , one regarding teacher training programs and another focused on state requirements in meeting some directives of the federal Every Student Succeeds Act ( ESSA ) which was enacted in 2015 to replace No Child Left Behind . 
 