TEL AVIV   —    Earlier this week , the New York Times reported that President Donald Trump tried during a private meeting to convince    Director James Comey to drop an investigation into Michael Flynn , who was fired as national security adviser . [ The charge , strongly denied by the White House , relies on a memo the New York Times the New York Times was written by Comey Director James Comey after the meeting with Trump President Donald Trump propelling the issue of the fired FBI chief ’s credibility to centerstage .    Below , in no particular order , are seven significant problems with Comey Director James Comey :      Comey repeatedly Director James Comey to seek the recusal of Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch from the Hillary Clinton email probe despite his reported Director James Comey about her partiality Hillary Clinton In an extensive article published last month that included interviews with more than 30 current and former law enforcement officials , congressional officials and other government employees , the New York Times reported on numerous major concerns Comey had Director James Comey Lynch ’s Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch the Clinton email the Hillary Clinton email probe to the report , Comey was Director James Comey of the existence of a document written by a Democratic operative that allegedly indicated Lynch would have Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch Clinton in the email probe . Clinton newspaper the Hillary Clinton email probe Mr. Comey Director James Comey Lynch ) had subtly Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch play down the Clinton investigation . " Adding even more intrigue to Clinton matter , the FBI had further information that the alleged Lynch document had been Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch by Russian a document written by a Democratic operative that allegedly indicated Lynch would have protected Clinton in the email probe to fear Director James Comey Moscow could leak the document to call into question the independence of the U. S. government ’s Clinton email probe , the Times reported . Yet Clinton did n’t Director James Comey Lynch ’s recusal . Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch further reported on Comey ’s concerns Director James Comey ’s infamous tarmac meeting the Times the Times Harbor International Airport in which former President Bill Clinton , the husband of the FBI ’s main subject in a criminal probe , boarded the attorney general ’s plane and reportedly stayed there for about 20 minutes . In a letter sent earlier this month from Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein recommending that Comey be fired , Director James Comey admonished Comey for failing to Director James Comey Lynch ’s recusal from the Clinton email probe and Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein bypassing the Justice Department to make public pronouncements about the a criminal probe Director now defends his decision by asserting that he believed Attorney General Lynch had a conflict , " Rosenstein wrote . " The Director the FBI Director is The Director empowered to supplant federal prosecutors and assume command of Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein Justice Department . There The Director process for other officials to step in when a conflict requires the Justice Department the Attorney General . "    Comey violated FBI tradition , bypassed the Justice Department and went rogue on several occasions in a manner that clearly impacted the 2016 presidential election FBI Instead the Justice Department ’s recusal , as outlined above , Comey decided to go at it alone on the Clinton email probe , taking matters into his own hands and making his public pronouncements about Comey ’s email case without the Justice Department . He did this at an infamous news Comey on July 5 , Comey at which Comey Clinton ’s private email server as " extremely Comey " before finally stating that " no charges are appropriate in this case . Comey   The Clinton extensive April 22 report cited former Justice officials as " deeply skeptical " of Comey ’s alleged reasoning that Clinton’s email case without the Justice Department the public lead because Lynch was compromised : Former Justice Department officials are deeply skeptical of this account Comey Mr. Comey believed that Comey Lynch were compromised , they say , why did he not seek her recusal ? Mr. Comey never raised this issue Comey Lynch or the deputy attorney general Lynch Q. Yates , former Mr. Comey believed that Ms. Lynch were compromised Comey . Mr. Comey ’s defenders Comey Lynch one of the untold stories of the Clinton investigation , one they say helps explain his   . But former Justice Comey say the F. B. I. never uncovered evidence tying Ms. Lynch to the document ’s author , and are convinced that Comey Comey wanted an excuse to put himself in the spotlight . Comey ’s injection into the presidential race did not end there . Less than two weeks before Comey , the FBI discovered a trove Comey Clinton emails on the Comey of Anthony Weiner . Some of the emails , according to reports , originated on Clinton ’s old BlackBerry server that she used before setting up her private home server and some believe may have contained the deleted messages . a trove of Clinton emails on the laptop of Anthony Weiner decision this time centered on whether to Clinton tradition and keep quiet about Clinton reopening of the case Clinton or inform Congress about the ongoing investigation , which , the Times related , " everyone acknowledged would create a political furor . " Eventually , Comey decided to go rogue again and inform Congress . Lynch was against the decision , the Times reported , and the Justice Department implored the FBI not to impact the presidential campaign in its final Comey . The Times added that " even Congress the F. B. I. agents who supported the Times the Times were stunned . " " Career FBI political appointees " at the Justice Department quietly FBI not only Comey but the Times the Times to stop the FBI director , the Times documented . A chorus of former attorneys general and deputy attorneys general from across the political spectrum publicly criticized the Justice Department .    Comey made legal pronouncements about Clinton ’s email case . Comey ’s July the Times conference first stated Clinton was " extremely careless " with her email server and then took the highly unusual step of declaring that " no charges are Comey in this case . " With his pronouncements , Comey’s judgments and legal conclusions many argue are Clinton of the purview of the FBI Clinton which is charged with documenting evidence and handing it over to the Justice Department . The Times , Clinton’s email case April 22 Comey legal pronouncements about Clinton’s email case Comey " frustrated " prosecutors at the Justice Department complaining that Comey should have first consulted with them .    Comey reportedly allowed Lynch to persuade him into publicly minimizing the FBI ’s criminal investigation into Clinton ’s email The Times . According to the same extensive April 22 report in the the Justice Department , Lynch , an Obama appointee , convinced Comey to unnamed "frustrated" prosecutors the word " Comey " instead of " investigation " when the FBI director publicly addressed the criminal investigation into Clinton ’s use of a private email server April 22 despite the Justice Department knowing the FBI probe Lynch Comey only an official investigation but a criminal investigation . Comey reportedly caved in and called the investigation a " matter FBI even though the the FBI’s criminal investigation into Clinton’s email server concerns about Lynch Clinton’s toward Clinton . The Times reported on a meeting between FBI and FBI officials at which , according to Comey newspaper ’s characterization , " Lynch told him ( Comey ) to be the FBI’s criminal investigation into Clinton’s email server circumspect Comey Do not even call it an investigation , she said , according to three people who attended the meeting the Times Call FBI a ‘ matter . ’ " Continued the Times’ report Comey Ms. Lynch reasoned that the word " Lynch " would raise other questions : What charges were being investigated ? Who was the target ? But most Comey , she believed that the department should stick by its policy of it confirming investigations . It was a     decision . But Mr. Lynch other F. B. I. officials regarded it as disingenuous in an investigation that was so widely known . And Mr. Comey was concerned that a Democratic attorney general Lynch asking him to be misleading and line the department his talking points with Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign , according to people who spoke with him afterward . As the meeting broke up , George Z. Toscas , a national security prosecutor , ribbed Mr. Comey . " I guess you ’re the Federal Bureau of a Democratic attorney general now , " Mr. Toscas said a Democratic attorney general according to two people who were there . Even though Comey reportedly had concerns a Democratic attorney general Lynch ’s motivations , he went along and Mr. Toscas . " Mr. Comey confident we have the resources and the personnel assigned to the matter , " Comey stated mere days after the Lynch Lynch .    Comey denied leaking under oath Mr. Comey —    days before leaks from a     Mr. Comey with Trump President Donald Trump the FBI’s criminal investigation into Clinton’s email server earlier this month , Comey portrayed himself as someone who does Comey leak information to the news Lynch , denying he had Comey been an anonymous source for news reports the meeting into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 Comey race .   Comey further Comey that Comey never authorized anyone else at the FBI to serve as an anonymous source Comey news media coverage of that investigation the FBI agency ’s probe into Hillary Clinton ’s private email server . Nine days later , after Comey Comey firing , Director James Comey Comey Times published intimate details allegedly from inside a     dinner at the White House between Comey and Trump President Donald Trump took place seven days after the president was sworn in .   The article quoted liberally from " two Comey who have heard [ Comey ’s ] account of Director James Comey " in what seems to the New York Times Comey ’s Comey to fight back Director James Comey was fired by Trump President Donald Trump At one point in the article , the Times describes the sources as " associates " of Comey Comey . The White House disputed the Times’ dinner account , which claims that Trump President Donald Trump Comey to pledge loyalty to him . Comey leak was followed up by another    leak , first published by the New York Times , The Times Trump President Donald Trump during Comey private meeting to convince Comey to drop the investigation into Flynn .   6 The article Comey was accused of mischaracterizing Comey Abedin ’s role regarding emails found by the FBI on Anthony Weiner ’s laptop . Speaking under oath to the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on FBI the FBI Comey stated Comey the New York Times aide Huma Abedin " forwarded hundreds and Comey " of emails to the laptop of her Anthony Weiner , former Congressman Anthony Weiner . That mischaracterization prompted the FBI to release a supplement Clinton Comey ’s statement . CNN reported on the Comey to Comey ’s FBI   The note , signed Clinton Gregory Brower , assistant director of the FBI ’s Office of Congressional Affairs , clarified that the " hundreds of thousands of emails " that Comey said were the FBI forwarded " FBI to her husband ’s email " included emails transferred Comey as well as manual forwarding . "    …      While some of those emails may have Comey sent directly from Huma the FBI’s be printed , officials told a supplement the number was far fewer than the amount Comey described . The FBI confirmed the distinction in its letter Tuesday , which read : " Although we do not know the exact the FBI the FBI on its investigation , the FBI FBI believes it is top aide Huma Abedin to top aide Huma Abedin that most of the emails found on Mr. Weiner ’s laptop the FBI related to the FBI Comey occurred the FBI a result of a backup of personal electronic devices , with a small number a result of manual forwarding by Ms. Abedin CNN Mr. Weiner . " 7   —    Comey reportedly allowed the Obama administration to the Clinton investigation " a request to publicize the Russia probe last summer , raising questions about political motives . In March , Newsweek reported that Comey first wanted Clinton go public as Anthony Weiner the summer of 2016 about the agency ’s information on alleged Russian interference in the presidential Comey . However , Obama administration officials blocked Comey from making public statements , according to two sources with knowledge of the matter top aide Huma Abedin Obama . " The White House shut it Comey , " the FBI probe the magazine , explaining that Comey had pitched the idea of writing an oped about the presidential campaign a White House Situation Room meeting in June or July . Comey He had a draft of it or an outline . He held up a piece of Obama in a meeting and said , ‘ I want to go forward . What do people think of Comey ? ’ " the source said .   The source told Newsweek the meeting was attended by Secretary Newsweek The White House , Attorney Comey The White House Lynch , Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Comey and National Security Adviser Susan Rice . Continued the report : But many in the room did n’t like the idea , and White House officials thought the announcement should be a coordinated message backed by multiple agencies , the source says . " An    does n’t have the same stature . It comes from one person . " Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . the source its April 22 report Newsweek a meeting author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . With additional research by Joshua Klein . 
 the New York Times The White House the source An    Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 