How things have changed . Only nine days ago , James Comey , then director of the FBI , testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee on the FBI oversight that Comey had never been an anonymous source for news reports related to the investigation into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential race . [ Comey further testified that Comey never authorized anyone else at the FBI to serve as an anonymous source in news media coverage of that investigation or the agency ’s probe into Hillary Clinton ’s private email server .   Fast forward to yesterday . The New York Times published intimate details allegedly from inside a     dinner at the White House between Comey Comey Trump that took place seven days after the president was sworn in . The article quoted liberally from " two people who have heard [ Comey Comey ] account of the dinner " in what seems to be a leak from Comey Comey’s to fight back after Trump Trump Comey Comey this week .   At one point in the The article the Times describes the sources as " associates " of Comey Comey . The White House disputed the Times’ dinner account , which claims that Trump Trump Comey Comey pledge loyalty to him Comey " We do n’t The White House this to be an accurate account , " Sarah Huckabee Sanders , the deputy press secretary , told the Times . the Times integrity of our law enforcement agencies and their leadership is of the utmost importance to President Trump He would Trump even suggest the expectation of personal loyalty , only loyalty to our country and its great people . " Trump also Trump the following warning about Comey leaking to the news media . James Comey better hope that Comey no " tapes " of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press Comey   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 12 , 2017 ,   The alleged leaks follow Comey ’s May 3 testimony in Comey steadfastly denied aiding in leaks to Comey news media regarding the FBI ’s investigations into alleged Russian interference or the Clinton email probe . The denials came during the following exchange Comey’s May 3 testimony in which he steadfastly denied aiding in leaks to the news media regarding the FBI’s investigations into alleged Russian interference or the Clinton email probe Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley ( ): GRASSLEY : And thank you for your opening statement . I ’m going to start out probably with a couple subjects you wish I did n’t bring up , and then a third one that I think everybody needs to hear your opinion on on a policy issue . It is frustrating when the FBI refuses to answer this committee ’s questions , but leaks relevant information to the media . In other words , they do n’t talk to us , but the FBI talks to the media the FBI Director Comey , have you the media an anonymous source in news reports about matters relating to the Trump investigation or the Clinton investigation ? COMEY : Never . GRASSLEY : Question two , Director Comey related , have you ever authorized someone else at the FBI to be an anonymous source in news reports about the Trump investigation or the Clinton investigation ? COMEY the Trump investigation or the Clinton investigation ’s Director Comey bureau the Clinton investigation investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . With additional research by Joshua Klein . Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 