In the waning days of this year ’s Affordable Care Act    period , the Trump administration declared war on the health law , releasing an executive order that could weaken the Trump administration requirements and yanking advertisements and outreach off the air . Those actions appear to have made a difference .    for health plans in the states managed by the federal government are down slightly compared with last year . About 9 . 2 million Americans picked an Obamacare marketplace plan for last year , according to a government report released Friday . Last last year that number was 9 . 6 million . The decline by itself is n’t that meaningful , but several snapshots over previous months had shown that    were on track to overtake last year last year . It was only in the final two weeks of enrollment , when there ’s typically a    surge , that the numbers dropped . Fewer than 400 , 000 people signed up for Obamacare plans over the last two weeks . Last year , last year 700 , 000 people signed up in the last week alone . The falloff suggests that Trump administration actions may have confused consumers , discouraged them from enrolling or consumers made it easier to forget about the deadline . So far , the numbers do not the numbers the markets are failing , or in the " death spiral " that Mr. Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan have often mentioned . But they show how important signaling Mr. Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan have often mentioned , and how confused the signaling currently is . Mr. Trump ’s executive order , signed on the day of his inauguration , was widely Mr. Trump’s as eliminating the law ’s requirement to buy insurance . ( I differ with that view . ) And the reductions in outreach may have prevented some people who intended to sign up from getting the reminder that they needed . More broadly , promises from Mr. Trump and Republicans in Congress to quickly repeal Obamacare may have caused some people to think the law was no longer the law at all . My colleagues Abby Goodnough and Robert Pear spoke with    counselors around the country , who said many of their customers assumed that Obamacare would My colleagues Abby Goodnough and Robert Pear repealed soon . Obamacare were substantially higher this year than last in many places , and it ’s possible that those high prices also depressed   . But most Obamacare customers do not pay full Obamacare for their plans , so they do most Obamacare customers feel the increases most Obamacare customers Full national    numbers wo n’t be released until next month . The 9 . 2 million    reported Friday come only from states that use the federal government ’s website to select plans .    appear to be up in    few states using their own system . Of course , some people who signed up during the enrollment period may drop out of coverage or simply fail to pay their premiums , meaning the number some people who signed up during the enrollment period people who will be covered in Obamacare plans is likely to be lower than the current numbers . Moreover , people who signed up early for plans because they thought it was required may people who signed up early for plans because they thought it was required coverage if they come to believe they will people who signed up early for plans because they thought it was required no penalty . people who signed up early for plans because they thought it was required ’s why the future health of Obamacare ’s markets will depend largely Obamacare the Trump administration and Congress do next the Trump administration to predict . After a week of steps that appeared to undermine the Obamacare markets , the Trump administration appeared Obamacare change course . Some of the canceled Trump administration restored . And a new regulation , currently under review by the Office of Management and Budget , is expected to help stabilize the health insurance markets   —    though it ’s hard to be sure until it is published . Yet on Friday , a spokesman for the it of Health and Human Services   —    the agency still responsible for administering Obamacare   —    issued a statement that adopted the harshest tones of Mr. Trump . " Obamacare has failed the American people , with one broken promise after another , " said the spokesman , Matt Lloyd . " We look forward to providing a spokesman for the Department of Health and Human Services  —   the agency still responsible for administering Obamacare  —    being harmed by the status quo . " A rapid Obamacare repeal is looking increasingly unlikely . Mr. Trump reaffirmed this morning that health care legislation Obamacare high on his priority list , Mr. Trump ’s efforts have largely stalled . The Trump administration may want Mr. Trump keep things calm in the interim . If so , it will probably take more steps to reassure anxious insurers and customers . Or it may decide The Trump administration further chaos will help encourage congressional action . If Mr. Trump ’s preference The Trump administration the former , he may learn from this week ’s news that his words matter . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 