It ’s been reported that Speaker Ryan is going to speak to a room full of manufacturing leaders at the National Association of Manufacturers ( NAM ) today . Speaker Ryan ’s office is billing as Speaker Ryan first major address on tax reform this year , and that Speaker Ryan will participate in a     session afterward . [ This should be interesting .   Speaker Ryan has zero experience with manufacturing . There is not one instance of Ryan Speaker Ryan holding a job managing manufacturing operations tasked with competing against local or foreign manufacturers . However , I ’ve run heavily engineered manufacturing businesses around the globe . So I ’ll take this opportunity to pose a few questions for Speaker Speaker Ryan those in attendance might think about asking him : Speaker Ryan ’s those in attendance might think about asking him reported Ryan will Speaker Ryan something to the effect of , " With more jobs , higher wages , and a stronger economy , American workers and families would be the greatest beneficiaries of this reform , " Ryan ’s Speaker Ryan said . " That ’s why , following the principles outlined earlier this year by President Trump , the House , Senate , and administration are working together to meet this historic opportunity . " Does Paul Ryan Speaker Ryan foreign manufacturers will flock to the U. S. when the Corporate tax rate is dropped to 15 percent ? Does Paul Ryan realize Speaker Ryan engine plant that left Kenosha for Canada did so because the tax rate in Canada is 15 percent Canada Does Paul Ryan realize that Speaker Ryan plant that just announced it is leaving Waukesha is doing so because Canada offered $ 2B and Canada 15 percent tax rate ? Canadian workers are inferior to American workers . I can say so with authority because I closed a Canadian factory in 2015 while Canadian Neptune and brought those jobs back to America —   more profitably I might add . While with Tyden and SPX , I moved Mexican and Chinese factory jobs back to the U. S. —   again more profitably . I ’d do so again in a heartbeat . The Speaker ’s office last week said Ryan chose to give the speech at the NAM conference because one of his goals is to encourage Ryan to bring jobs back to the U. S. That ’s the U. S. why would you refuse to do the one thing that would drive that more than any other , reduce the Corporate Tax rate to 15 percent like President Trump suggests ? " We want tax reform now . We think it ’s really important , We said Dorothy Coleman , vice president of tax and domestic economic policy at NAM . The Hill reported that she added that it ’s becoming increasingly The Hill that the The Hill S. tax code is holding businesses back . It is very encouraging : NAM is one of several prominent business NAM that has not taken a stance on the border adjustments proposal . NAM should take this opportunity to reject NAM BAT and endorse President Trump ’s 15 percent Corporate tax . Ryan and House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady ( ) have touted the BAT as " removing the Made the BAT tax . " That ’s just , as my grandfather would say , hogwash . Paul Nehlen is not another lifelong politician , but a business executive and inventor . Nehlen started out on the factory floor , Paul Nehlen through God ’s grace , grit , and determination rose to lead Fortune 500 manufacturing businesses around the world . Nehlen challenged Speaker Paul Ryan in Wisconsin ’s Paul Nehlen First Congressional District to stop    Partnership and secure America ’s border . Today he is waging the battle against the refugee resettlement racket and leading the cause to fight for America ’s values . Nehlen has announced he America Ryan in Paul Nehlen 2018 Wisconsin First he District Speaker Paul Ryan in Wisconsin . He lives in Delavan , Wisconsin . 
 he 