The U. S. Secret Service lashed out at The Atlantic ’s Washington editor at large for a series of Tweets officials said were completely false . [ Steve Clemons , Washington editor at large for Atlantic , began a series of Tweets Tweets Thursday claiming that The U. S. Secret Service    personnel were forced to resign and were escorted out of the Old Eisenhower Executive Office Building ( EEOB ) .   Reports coming in that some Secret The U. S. Secret Service level personnel forced 2 resign 2nite   escorted out of EEOB . Two out but source says more ,   —    Steve Clemons ( @SCClemons ) February 3 , 2017 ,   Over the course of the next hour , Clemons continued to Steve Clemons (@SCClemons) the erroneous information and included statements he attributed to Steve Clemons (@SCClemons) Service The U. S. Secret Service One of fired @SecretService Mgrs speculates # Trump is restructuring the service but The U. S. Secret Service speculation # secretservice     —    Steve Clemons ( @SCClemons ) February 3 , 2017 ,   Breitbart Texas reached out to the Secret Service who The U. S. Secret Service Clemons via Twitter advising him his story was not accurate . Clemons Clemons story was false , " Secret his story Joe Casey told Breitbart Texas in a phone conversation Friday night Texas " It was not Secret Service personnel who were fired or escorted out of the building . " It appears Clemons was in a rush to get Clemons story out before confirming his facts Clemons his story a plane Clemons catch from Clemons to Washington , D. C. Last note on @SecretService firings 2nite b4 boarding flight . I ’ve posted all I ’ve been told . 2 , and perhaps more Secret Service mgrs     —    Steve Clemons ( @SCClemons ) February 3 , 2017 ,   Folks . Am boarding 14hr flight to DC . See @SecretService tweets below . You may want to pursue    @jaketapper @jimsciutto @maddow ,   —    Steve Clemons ( @SCClemons ) February 3 , 2017 ,   The Washington Examiner actually contacted the Secret Service and reported that officials denied Clemons report calling it " absolutely false . " The Washington news outlet described Clemons as , " a longtime    think tank Clemons who now serves as the Washington editor at large of the Atlantic and National Journal . " " He has retracted his false report , " Secret Service Spokesman Casey He Breitbart Texas . After getting wifi on his flight , Clemons began to realize his error He backtracked on Clemons Tweets . The Clemons responded that they are Clemons the agency that had management changes The @SecretService night . Another Agency did .   —    Steve Clemons ( @SCClemons ) February 3 , 2017 ,   Clemons admitted he made an assumption about what agency Clemons fired Clemons reported to instead of Another Agency statement from Secret Service or the White House . In apparent frustration , the Secret Service Tweeted directly at Clemons advising , " Secret Service to be Clemons . Still waiting for you to contact us for official statement . " @SCClemons @SecretService advising that your reporting continues to be false . Still waiting for you to contact us for official statement .   —    U. you to contact us for official statement 3 , us ,   Clemons apologized for his error several times . Late Clemons evening , Clemons responded to a reader who appeared to be Clemons with fake news reported by journalists . He tweeted , " I get that . But Clemons is good journalism out there . " @robbystarbuck @SecretService I get that . But there is good journalism out there . And normally I do better . I appreciate your notes ,   —    Steve Clemons ( @SCClemons ) February 3 , 2017 ,   Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team . Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX .  
 Breitbart Breitbart Texas 