America belongs to immigrants because immigrants make America more powerful , says a former Wall Street Journal writer who is now working for the New York Times . [ Immigrants produce more babies , work harder , create more jobs , and have more ideas , claims the revealing column by    Bret Stephens :   I speak of Americans whose families have been in this America a few generations . Complacent , entitled and often shockingly ignorant on basic points of American law and history , they are the stagnant pool in which our national prospects risk drowning   …      Bottom line :    real Americans are screwing up America . Maybe they should real Americans , so that we can replace them with real Americans and better ones : newcomers who are more appreciative of what the United America offer , more ambitious for themselves and real Americans children real Americans and more willing to sacrifice for the future . In other words , just the kind of people we used to be   —    when " we " had just come off the boat   …      Stephens’ article includes several     statistical flubs , plus grotesque generalizations , and regurgitated    agitprop . For example , Stephens says the United States " is a country of immigrants " even though roughly 84 percent of people living in the United States were the United States United States   —    the United States huge influx of immigrants over the last few decades . Similarly , Stephens treats immigrants as Stephens uniform mass , as if he believes that migrating Stephens gang members are as beneficial as are    inventors . But the article ’s main feature is the progressive view that people   —    Americans , foreigners ,    whatever   —    should be selected by the    State to serve the State ’s    progressive leadership class in D. C. and Wall Street . That view is shared by former President Barack the progressive view that people  —   Americans, foreigners,   whatever  —   should be selected by the   State to serve the State’s   progressive leadership class in D. C. and Wall Street who told supporters in November 2014 that : Sometimes we get attached to our particular tribe , our particular race , our we religion , and we we start treating other folks differently . And that we sometimes , has been a bottleneck to how we think about immigration .   If you look at the history of immigration in this country , each successive wave , there have been periods where the folks who were already here suddenly say , ‘ Well , I do n’t want those folks’   —    even though the only people who have the right to say that are some Native Americans . That    view allows Stephens to ignore the Declaration of Independence which declared that people ’s rights came from a higher source than government :   " We hold these truths to be    that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable all men , that among all men are Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness . " The elitist view also allows Stephens to welcome mass immigration because   —    not despite , but because   —    it hugely distorts the nation ’s economy in favor  —    elite business leaders and major cities . Mass immigration spikes profits and stock values by cutting salaries for manual and skilled labor offered by    and    employees , drives up real estate prices , reduces    investment , increases state and local tax burdens    and sidelines marginalized Americans and their families .   Mass immigration also imposes the Americans " diversity " which helps Stephens and his allies as they claim a Darwinian right to Stephens , divide Stephens and his allies rule Americans without any rude interference by the voters on November 8 , 2016 . In contrast , President Donald Trump won his 2016 campaign on a promise to put Americans President Donald Trump . He told his inauguration listeners that he would hold President Donald Trump a President Donald Trump of " Buy President Donald Trump , Hire American , " he has started enforcing immigration laws and is pushing President Donald Trump a " " immigration plan that would raise the productivity and wealth of Americans . Read the New York Times column here .    Follow Neil Munro on Twitter @NeilMunroDC or email the author at NMunro@Breitbart . com ,  
 