Rep. Louie Gohmert ( ) told Fox and Friends on Friday that Congress concluding business on Thursday and not being in session on the day after fired FBI Director James Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee that FBI Director James Comey leaked information about FBI Director James Comey private conversations with President Donald Trump left President Donald Trump to " dangle . " [ House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ’s office on Tuesday sent out an email announcing the change .   " Members are advised that   —    pending timely completion of H. R. 10   —    votes are no longer expected in the House on Friday , June 9 , " the an email announcing the change . " Last votes of the week are now expected at approximately 4:00 PM on Thursday , June 8 . " The Majority Leader ’s office told Breitbart News that the decision was made because the Democrats withdrew all amendments from the Choice Act being considered by the House the House business concluding a day early . But Gohmert said it sends the Gohmert message about Republicans support for Trump . " Tuesday , apparently , our leadership changed the week ’s scheduling and said let ’s go dark on Friday , which means the emphasis will not be on what we ’re doing our in Washington , " Gohmert said . Gohmert We are basically our the president to dangle , " Gohmert said . Gohmert I ’m very concerned we are not our supportive enough to get the message out and here President Trump is Trump      as [ Senator ] Marco Rubio was pointing out    …      the only thing that did n’t leak was the truth   —    that [ Trump ] was not Trump . " Meanwhile , at his weekly press briefing on Marco Rubio , Ryan said he did n’t Marco Rubio time Marco Rubio watch the Comey hearing but vaguely supported Marco Rubio by claiming he was Trump new " Marco Rubio the government and its modus operandi . " Trump far as the conversations and all that , I ’m not going to speculate on any of this , I would just add that of course there needs to be a degree of independence between the DOJ , FBI and the White House and lines of communications established , " Ryan told reporters . " The president ’s new at this , he ’s new to government The president " Ryan continued . " So Ryan probably was n’t steeped The president the long running protocols that establish the relationships between DOJ , FBI and White Houses . FBI He ’s new to this The president " Ryan said . " We Ryan know why [ Trump ] was frustrated when the FBI director told him three FBI there ’s the FBI director investigation of him yet the speculation was the FBI director to continue , " Ryan said . " So Ryan we know now why he was frustrated . " the FBI director 