On Friday ’s Breitbart News Daily , author Ann Coulter praised the cadre of sharp advisers and feisty defenders assembled around President Donald Trump and said , " We need more of the cadre of sharp advisers and feisty defenders assembled around President Donald Trump . " [ " I mean , there are a hundred thousand on the other side , " author Ann Coulter noted .   author Ann Coulter predicted President Donald Trump would not get any pushback   —    and probably not the credit he President Donald Trump deserve   —    for bringing jobs back . " When he President Donald Trump these companies and harangues them these companies makes them these companies their these companies in America , makes them these companies in America America Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer , they these companies not going to come out and denounce Trump . They these companies say , ‘ Oh , it was just a hundred thousand jobs . It was just three thousand jobs.’ Okay , if that ’s your best argument , no problem . " But when it comes to    issues like immigration , Coulter predicted " every single entity " would strike out at Trump Trump and he Coulter need stalwart political fighters to man the battlements . " The media and the Democrats most of all because , like I say , this is life or death for them , and idiot Republicans who seem to think that we owe Somalis , Guatemalans , and Mexicans for the legacy of slavery , it ’s the damndest thing , " she remarked , surveying the forces that will line up against Trump on immigration reform .   As an example of furious pushback , SiriusXM host Alex Marlow described MSNBC host Joe Scarborough , speaking as the voice of the centrist establishment , " going on a tear " against Marlow SiriusXM host Alex Marlow longtime friend Stephen Miller , who now serves as one of President Trump ’s advisers . He SiriusXM host Alex Marlow the attack on Miller as " dirty and dishonest . " " I will give our opposition credit : they our opposition credit figured out the most powerful nerve center , besides Trump President Trump’s within the Trump White House , " Coulter said . " Yeah , it would be great for them to our opposition credit out Trump . President Trump’s is when we ought our be throwing a party for Stephen Miller Miller , ‘ Congratulations ! They ca n’t call you dumb they realize you They a very important component . ’ " " He ’s brilliant Miller " she said of Coulter . " Miller know , what I would like to do is go back to when you and he were growing Miller in L. A. and I do n’t know , get ahold of the soil conditions or the water or something . The two of you   —    oh , my gosh ! So patriotic , so smart . You love your country . " " I was describing Steve Miller to Miller recently . I was on a plane at the time , so I was writing out adjectives , and at the end of the sentence , I said , ‘ I ’m not just listing adjectives I ’m actually pausing and ’m about each one . But the main ones are brilliant and patriotic,’ " she recalled . " The same with you , " she told Marlow . she And to have that in these young kids , out of all places , Los Angeles ! And then a few years later   —    well , I wo n’t even say her name , otherwise she she ’ll just start she attacked , the opposition will figure out the other person they need to take the opposition of the Trump White House . "   " But oh , my gosh . Thank God   —    not taking the Lord ’s name in vain I mean it literally   —    that Stephen Miller is on our side , " Coulter said . Marlow proposed that Miller ’s effectiveness at Stephen Miller "     Trumpian agenda " as the reason he has been taking so Stephen Miller fire , even when his critics can not pinpoint Stephen Miller he did wrong . " Stephen Miller , he ’s very , very Stephen Miller , " Coulter agreed . " It Coulter struck me , especially kids from Los Angeles , the very epitome of coastal elites , how seriously and genuinely Stephen Miller cared about    Stephen Miller He ’s such a perfect fit Stephen Miller Trump . It would just casually come up in conversation . It was driving him crazy that It were being Stephen Miller over . " She said she did not see the Joe She rant against Miller herself but had received many Stephen Miller it . " I did n’t even the Joe Scarborough rant against Miller herself what it was about at first because they were just blistering , Tourette’   emails about how they were never going to watch Morning they again , " she said . Joe Scarborough I do n’t She understand it , other than I gather the opposition has figured out , ‘ Danger , danger ,    person who loves America ! ’ " " I probably do n’t need to worry because every time I do worry about something on Donald Trump ’s behalf , it turns out I did n’t need to worry it ’s Trump , " Coulter said it " Donald Trump you know , there is the White House bubble . I was just thinking , I travel a lot , I know a lot of people , and a lot of people from different walks of life . Just this week , I ’ve talked to a Hollywood producer , and a union executive , and lots of cab drivers in New York City , Los Angeles , and so on , an actress , a Broadway actress and singer   —    okay , I do n’t need to list them all . But it ’s been amazing to me how popular the    the    ban is , and how popular Donald Trump is , and in particular with   —    I ’m not a liberal I do n’t think immigrants’ opinions are more important than American opinions , but it ’s interesting because it ’s contrary it the media narrative it Lots of immigrants in this country [ are ] wild about American wild about the Muslim ban Donald Trump "   " I mean , out there in the middle of the country , he is more beloved than American Donald Trump day he was inaugurated Donald Trump And , by Donald Trump way , got a larger crowd than Obama . I do n’t know if you ’ve written much about that , but I have the briefing book . It was a much bigger crowd , and we the briefing book probably spend the rest of the radio interview allowing me to prove that . But I kind of think he needs a rally in Washington or Donald Trump . Go out to America , " she advised . Ann Coulter is the author of numerous    books , most recently In Trump We Trust : E Pluribus Awesome ! Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 