In a Washington Post profile of Trump White House chief strategist Steve Bannon , Michael Kranish and Craig Whitlock write that Bannon ’s experiences as a naval officer during the Carter administration helped shape his conservative political beliefs . For Bannon , raised in an Irish Catholic Democratic household in Richmond , VA , President Carter ’s botched rescue mission during the Iran hostage crisis was a political turning point . [ From the Washington Post :   As Bannon has told it , the failed hostage rescue is one of the defining moments of Bannon life , providing a searing example of failed military and presidential leadership   —    one that Bannon carries with Bannon as Bannon serves as President Trump ’s chief strategist . Bannon has said Bannon was n’t interested in politics until Bannon concluded that    Jimmy Carter had undercut the Navy and blown the rescue mission .    …      Still , the experience shaped Bannon thinking . Bannon saw the military buildup under President Ronald Reagan , and the    in Tehran continues to inform Bannon view about that region of the world , as well as the role of U. S. military power and the   in Tehran commander in chief .    …      Some of Bannon ’s shipmates recalled that the crew was given a ribbon for the crew modest role [ in the rescue mission ] . But Bannon and many other crew members were livid at Carter for the botched rescue . " the botched rescue shattered his confidence in Carter , " Masso said . " It the botched rescue him his the more in the tank for Reagan . " In October 1980 , with the Foster in port at Long Beach , Bannon went to Masso Masso to watch a    debate . " Bannon watched that debate like a prizefight , " Masso said Masso Three months later , after Reagan won Reagan election , Bannon was working for the new president , serving as an assistant in the office of the chief of naval operations at the Pentagon . Bannon watched with satisfaction as Reagan increased Reagan military budget and strengthened the Navy , with most of the focus on combating the Soviet Union . Bannon served for three years and simultaneously studied national security and earned a master ’s degree at Georgetown University . Read the rest here . 
 