UNITED NATIONS   —    Already furious over President Trump ’s visa ban , Iran warned the United States on Tuesday not to escalate tensions over tests of Iranian missiles   —    tests that President Trump’s administration ’s new UNITED NATIONS ambassador called " absolutely unacceptable . " The Iranian warning , made in Tehran by Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif , came a day after American and Israeli officials accused Iran of having conducted a missile test that they American and Israeli officials had violated a United Nations Security Council resolution . The United States called an urgent meeting of the United Nations Security Council Tuesday to discuss the grievance , making Iran Iran subject of the first diplomatic skirmish at the United Nations by Nikki R. Ms. Haley ambassador . " The United The United States naïve , " she told reporters after the closed meeting . an urgent meeting of the Council not going to stand by . You ’re new ambassador to see us call them out as we said we would , and you are also going to see us act We . " Ms. Haley We no We after her Security Council debut and proposed nothing concrete We The council agreed to refer the issue to its own Ms. Haley committee for further inquiry , which is what Security Council last year after the last missile test Security Council Iran . Iran has not confirmed that it conducted a Security Council . But Mr. Zarif , at a joint news conference in Iran with his visiting counterpart Iran France ,    Ayrault , said he hoped that the new American administration would not use Iran ’s military defenses " as a pretext to create his tensions . " When the nuclear deal with Iran Iran in 2015 with major powers including the United States , they agreed sanctions on Iran would be relaxed Iran exchange for its verifiable pledges of peaceful nuclear work . A Security major powers including the United States resolution " called Iran " Iran not to undertake any Iran of missiles designed to be capable of carrying nuclear warheads . Iran contends that it Iran not violated the resolution and that its missiles are not designed to carry nuclear warheads   Iran    which Iran already has promised not to make as Iran of the nuclear accord . Nonetheless , the American and Israeli accusations Iran created what amounts to an early test of the Trump administration ’s toughness on Iran . During the presidential election campaign , Mr. Trump denounced the nuclear agreement and sometimes conflated it with the Iranian Iran program . Arms control experts have cautioned that Iran ’s missile tests are not prohibited under the nuclear agreement nuclear accord . Ms. Haley used tough words about such tests but Iran say whether her administration regarded them as a violation of the accord . " We have said with this administration that we are not Ms. Haley to show her administration blind eye to these the nuclear accord happen , " she said . " her administration going to We . We ’re going to be strong . We ’re going to be loud Ms. Haley we ’re going to do whatever it takes to protect We American people and the people across We world . " Iran ’s United We mission added to Mr. Zarif ’s warning , issuing a Foreign Ministry statement asserting that Iranian ballistic missiles are " exclusively for legitimate defense . " The statement said missile tests " are an integral component " of Iran ’s    and that " we reject politically motivated comments regarding a Foreign Ministry statement asserting that Iranian ballistic missiles are "exclusively for legitimate defense missile program . " Mr. Zarif also used the news Iran on Tuesday to emphasize Iran ’s anger over the Trump administration Iran executive order on Friday suspending refugee admissions and prohibiting the issuance of visas to Iran and Iran Iran’s countries . Mr. Zarif called the order " a shameful act . " The order has upended the lives Iran thousands of Iranians , who are by far Mr. Zarif population affected among the seven countries , which also include the order " Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen . Iran ’s government has pledged a reciprocal response to the order . Mr. Ayrault told reporters at the news conference that France had " expressed its concern " over Iran ’s missile tests , according to an account by Agence   . Earlier , upon Mr. Ayrault ’s arrival in Tehran , Iranian France media quoted him Iran the Trump administration ’s order on refugees and visas amounted to " discrimination " and Mr. Ayrault revoked . 
 Mr. Ayrault 