On this weekend ’s broadcast of " Fox News Sunday , " host Chris Wallace had a heated exchange with Jay Sekulow , who is member of President Donald Trump ’s legal team .   Partial transcript as follows : host Chris Wallace : I want to ask you a direct question , does the president think that Rod Rosenstein has done anything wrong ? SEKULOW : the president has never said anything about Rod Rod Rosenstein anything wrong . Here ’s what   —    what is the legal situation here . There is a constitutional issue when you have this scenario . The the president a determination based on consult of advice . He decided the president . He ’s the president commander in chief . He gets the president make that decision that James Comey had a go . That was coming , by the way , from groups right , left , and center over the last year . You   —    you and I know that . So there had been concern about James Comey . James Comey put forward concern about James Comey a memorandum   —    that ’s what the president ’s referencing   —    from the deputy attorney general and the attorney general requesting the removal of James Comey as the James Comey . And , ultimately , that ’s the president ’s determination . So here ’s the constitutional threshold question , Chris . The president takes action based the president events , including recommendations from his attorney general and the deputy the president general ’s office . He takes the action that they the president , by the way , recommended . And now he ’s being investigated by the the president of Justice because the special counsel under the special counsel relations reports still to the Department of Justice . Not the Department of Justice So he ’s being the special counsel under the special counsel relations reports still to the Department of Justice action that the attorney general and deputy attorney general recommended him to take by the agency the president recommended the termination . So that ’s the constitutional threshold question here . That ’s why , as I said , no investigation   —    WALLACE : Well , I   —    what   —    what   —    what ’s the question ( INAUDIBLE ) . I mean you   —    you stated   —    you stated some facts . First of all , you ’ve now said that he is getting investigated after saying that you did n’t . SEKULOW : No . WALLACE : You   —    you just , sir , that WALLACE ’s being   —    SEKULOW : No , he ’s he being investigated ! WALLACE : SEKULOW just said that he ’s being investigated . SEKULOW WALLACE No , Chris , I he that the   — SEKULOW any   —    let me be crystal clear so you   —    you completely understand . We have not received nor are we aware of any investigation of the president of the United States We period . WALLACE : Sir , you just said two times that he ’s WALLACE investigated . SEKULOW : No . The context of Sir just SEKULOW you the legal theory , Chris , of how the Constitution works . If , in fact , it was Chris that the president was being investigated , he would be investigating for taking action that an agency told him to take . the president that is protected under the Constitution as his article one the president . That ’s all I said . So the Constitution you trying the president rephrase it , but I ’m just being really direct with you , Chris . This is   —    let me be   —    WALLACE : No , I   —    I   —    sir , I did n’t rephrase it . The tape will speak   —    Jay , the tape will speak for itself . You said he is being investigated . And it The tape that big   — The tape SEKULOW : Chris Jay he is   —    The tape   —    no , Chris   — Chris that ’s SEKULOW INAUDIBLE ) unfair , Chris . WALLACE : Wait a minute   —    wait a minute . Jay , Chris it WALLACE not   —    Jay , it ’s not just being investigated Jay firing Comey . There ’s also the question of what it said to Comey when Comey was still the FBI director . So there ’s more than Comey the fact Comey he Comey Comey . SEKULOW : He   —    Chirrs , let me be clear , Comey asked Comey a question about Comey the president ’s tweet was regarding the deputy attorney general of the United States . That ’s what you asked me . And I responded to what that legal theory would be . So I do not appreciate you putting words in my mouth when I ’ve been crystal clear that the president is not and has not been under investigation . I do n’t think I can the president’s clearer than that . WALLACE : Well , you do n’t know that he ’s not under investigation again , sir . I mean you might   —    SEKULOW : the president’s know , I ca n’t read the mind   —    you ’re right , Chris , I ca n’t read the minds of the special prosecutor . WALLACE : Well , then , good , OK , so we ’re in agreement , you do WALLACE know whether he ’s under   —    you do n’t know whether he ’s under investigation . SEKULOW : the president’s I have not been notified . No one has been the president’s that he is . SEKULOW : You do n’t know whether he ’s under investigation or not . SEKULOW No one Chris , WALLACE   —    WALLACE : The the president’s I ’m asking you is , SEKULOW he think that Rod Rosenstein   —    it ’s a very simple question   —    does the president’s think that Rod Rosenstein did anything wrong ? SEKULOW : The president has not expressed any opinion the president’s Rod Rosenstein Rod Rosenstein   : Does he think SEKULOW Robert Mueller has done anything wrong ? SEKULOW : First Rod Rosenstein   , he has not said WALLACE about Robert Mueller . And , Chris SEKULOW let me say something here SEKULOW You ’re asking me if I had Robert Mueller , SEKULOW I have not had , about Robert Mueller with the president of the United States on   —    or anyone else for that matter . I Robert Mueller discuss that and would that with you . Unlike James Comey , who leaks information to the press , I actually respect the    privilege . Apparently , WALLACE did not . WALLACE : Does the President believe   —    well , you ’re speaking for his legal team James Comey so you ’re out here to represent him and tell us what the president ’s belief is , the President that correct ? SEKULOW : No , I ’m out the President to tell you what the President and the legal issues are . I ’m not to tell you what the beliefs are . I ’m not the client ’s conscience I ’m his lawyer . WALLACE : ’m understand that and the   —    and the client ’m —    have you spoken the ’m the client    have you spoken to the president at all ? SEKULOW : Yes , but I ’m not going to discuss those conversations with you . Those are privileged the President    privilege . WALLACE SEKULOW Well , I assume that if he asked you to say something , WALLACE instance , Marc Kasowitz said all kinds of things WALLACE   —    after Comey ’s testimony WALLACE I assumed he was speaking for the president , SEKULOW : Marc Kasowitz made a general statement to the press after the testimony of James Comey . Comey ’s what that was about . This   Marc Kasowitz you ’re asking me now questions about what people are thinking in Comey , which I do n’t read minds , and you ’re asking me also what I may or may not have had a conversation with people president about and you understand this . I respect the    privilege , unlike James Comey . WALLACE : Does   —    SEKULOW : I the president be real clear on that too . I ’m not going to give Comey I ’ve had with   —    have or have not had with the president of the United States . So when I ’ve had conversations with the president of the United States   —    WALLACE : Well , I   —    your   —    SEKULOW : As his lawyer , it ’s privileged , period the United States Does the president think that Rosenstein , because you talked about this constitutional theory that SEKULOW took action SEKULOW that ’s on the advice   —    SEKULOW :   WALLACE the president of the United States : Although he says he did n’t take it on the advice of the president of the United States , does he think that Rosenstein should recuse himself , and is healing the groundwork to fire   WALLACE and Mueller   WALLACE SEKULOW   WALLACE I ’ve had no conversations , and I ’ve heard nothing   WALLACE that at Rosenstein . Nothing Rosenstein I think this   —    Chris , Rosenstein points out   —    let me tell you one thing quickly about the constitutional theory , as you called it . It ’s actually called the Constitution . You know , the president has certain ( INAUDIBLE ) authority under the Constitution . It ’s   —    WALLACE : Well one thing you one thing it the constitutional theory , sir . SEKULOW : Yes , it is a constitutional theory based on the Constitution . one thing : I understand that . SEKULOW : Not   . one thing the constitutional theory theory . It ’s part of the Constitution . The president has inherent authority . Here ’s the Constitution ’re trying WALLACE   —    here ’s SEKULOW you ’re trying to it , and I appreciate that it ’re   — the Constitution ’re trying to push back . WALLACE : Well , now you ’re reading minds again . Now you ’re reading minds again . SEKULOW : No , Chris , I deal with fact and law . You were asking me to read people ’s WALLACE . That I do n’t do . WALLACE : Well , do n’t tell me what I SEKULOW: Not   trying to   Chris    well , do n’t tell me what I ’m trying to do because you do n’t know what I ’m trying to do WALLACE What I ’m trying to get is a straight answer out of you . Let me ask you this   —    SEKULOW ’m Yes , well   —    sure . WALLACE : ’m a matter of law , does ’m President think that he can be indicted under the Chris ? SEKULOW : The president   —    I SEKULOW: Not   n’t had that conversation with the president , but WALLACE president ca n’t be indicted under the Constitution of the activity alleged the President something like this . Of course not SEKULOW: Not   WALLACE : Why is that ? SEKULOW : Because there ’s not an the President And there ’s the President    there ’s no SEKULOW against the Constitution Well , you do n’t know whether there WALLACE an investigation . Oh , boy , this is weird . You   —    you do n’t know that there ’s   —    whether there the President investigation . You just told us that . SEKULOW : Chris , you ’re asking me to speculate   —    so then what you ’re SEKULOW me Chris do is to speculate on   —    WALLACE : And it would matter there’s an investigation you as a matter of law , not whether there WALLACE an investigation . Does the president think he can be indicted as president ? SEKULOW : For   —    for   —    WALLACE : That ’s a constitutional issue , SEKULOW n’t it ? SEKULOW : For obstruction of justice ? No , the the President   — the President WALLACE : No SEKULOW for any of it . SEKULOW : Now , Chris , you know , let ’s   —    let ’s be realistic here . You know Chris the   —    the answer is . Can SEKULOW president be indicted for obstruction ? You   WALLACE the position has been at the Department of Justice since the 1970s and again the Department of Justice That ’s Justice what President   —    that ’s now how you engage a president . There the President political process if somebody did something wrong . You ’re talking about   —    you ’re conflating a constitutional process , criminal law , with an issue of political consequence . So I am his lawyer . I ’m not his political advisor . WALLACE : Senator Dianne Feinstein , a top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee , responded to the president ’s tweet this week WALLACE this statement . " The message the president is sending through his tweets is that he believes the rule of law does n’t apply to him and his anyone who thinks otherwise will be fired . " Is she wrong the President ? SEKULOW : Yes , she ’s wrong . First of all the President Feinstein also called Sir the President investigation of James the President and Loretta Lynch for that whole episode regarding her the President and calling it SEKULOW , quote , " Comey " not an " investigation . " But with regard to this particular issue , I mean the tweet   she    there ’s nothing illegal or inappropriate about the tweet . If the tweet came on the heels of a Washington Post story that had she anonymous sources and that whole episode regarding her engagement n’t even identify the agency from which those sources came from , and that ’s what he tweet in response to . It ’s that simple , period . WALLACE : Final question , the president just   —    the tweet John Dowd , a    Washington lawyer , to his legal WALLACE . Should we expect him to hire other criminal lawyers ? And five anonymous sources a sense , is he preparing for a potential legal battle here his legal team Look , I mean John Dowd is   —    is a legal legend , you know that , in   —    in   —    in the   —    in Washington , D. SEKULOW his the president is doing the appropriate thing by hiring lawyers necessary , if his was to be an investigation , if there were to be an investigation , you have the lawyers in place . the president got a great legal team led by Marc Kasowitz . We ’ve got John Dowd on the team . This is a solid team . Contrary to some of the press reports , a deep team , if necessary Marc Kasowitz : Do you think   —    I   —    I   —    I misspoke . I ’m going to ask WALLACE more question . Because I ’m not allowed to We you what John Dowd thinks , a great legal team led by Marc Kasowitz think that he should stop   —    SEKULOW : Of course . WALLACE : Do you think he should stop tweeting about this case ? SEKULOW : Look , I the president    here ’s the WALLACE on that the president You WALLACE , people have been asking me SEKULOW . Look , the president has changed the way in which engagement goes in   —    SEKULOW mean you ’ve got great ratings , no doubt about it , Chris . But let ’s face it , the president speaks the president million people through his social media platforms . He Chris the election process by utilizing media in a different way . So I   —    I think , look , the president knows the president of social media . He ’s been the president effective at it . the president , I ’m his lawyer , I deal with the issues . Nothing it he ’s tweeted is causing me any issues the president this point . Nothing . WALLACE : Jay the president thank you . Thanks for coming in . SEKULOW : Thanks the president Chris . WALLACE : It ’s always   WALLACE    the president ’s always interesting to talk to you . Please , come the effectiveness of social media , and we WALLACE   —    SEKULOW : Thanks , Chris . WALLACE : We ’ll SEKULOW WALLACE and maybe this time we ’ll get on this   —    you know Chris , be here in studio and we can stay on WALLACE same wavelength . SEKULOW : There SEKULOW go . WALLACE : All It , sir   —    SEKULOW : Happy Father ’s Day . WALLACE : Happy Father ’s Day to you too Thanks, Chris Follow Pam Key WALLACE Twitter we 
 Sir WALLACE WALLACE SEKULOW we we we Happy Father’s 