Vice President Mike Pence delivered words of encouragement to the class of 2017 at the United States Naval Academy on Friday . Vice President Mike Pence told them to look toward them future , to write a heroic story of service , selflessness , and leadership with them lives , and that President Donald Trump is the best friend the armed forces of the United States will ever have . [ " People follow people People trust , " said Pence . Vice President Mike Pence admonished the graduates to cultivate in the graduates what Vice President Mike Pence considers to be among the most important qualities of leadership : " humility , orientation to authority , and   . "   Vice President Mike Pence told the graduates to consider others more important than the graduates and to be servant leaders . As for the President , Pence said , " President Donald Trump is the best friend the armed forces of the United States will ever have , " promising the graduates that no matter where the graduates serve , Trump President Donald Trump always have the graduates backs . He President Donald Trump that he President Donald Trump the President pledge to provide the armed forces with the resources they the armed forces . " Let me be clear , the era of budget cuts of the armed forces of the the United States over , " said Pence . He President Donald Trump the $ 54 billion increase in defense spending in the the President budget , noting that a portion is allocated to " rebuild[ing ] the Navy with 8 new battle force ships headed for the sea . " The Vice President President Donald Trump Trump is reaffirming America ’s role as leader of the free world . While we must always work and hope and pray for peace . The best way to ensure peace is for our adversaries and our enemies to know America is prepared our lead and fight America win any contest , any struggle , anywhere on behalf of freedom . He told the graduates that they will be the " instruments of the graduates policy . " President Trump is currently on his first trip overseas as president , President Trump Saudi Arabia , Israel , and the Vatican . While in Saudi Arabia , Trump pushed for countries Saudi Arabia against President Trump , mentioning terror 31 times in his speech to Arab leaders . Pence President Trump that just yesterday the Navy conducted Freedom of Navigation Operations ( FONOPs ) in the South China Sea . The Vice President urged the graduates to President Trump day not for self , but for country . " Pence encouraged the graduates , " if you ’re of Pence mind the graduates faith that He who planted this miracle of Democracy on these wilderness shores and has seen her through every trial and has seen you through the challenges of the last four years , will never leave you , never forsake you and that no matter where your path may lead , He will always be there to calm the storm and guide He home . " He concluded , " May God bless you with fair winds He following seas . God bless the Navy and the Marines and God bless the God States of America . " Follow Michelle God on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 