NBC published an article titled " Trump Now Uses an iPhone   —    Despite Once Calling for an Apple Boycott " to attack the president for switching from the president potentially vulnerable Android handset to an iPhone . [ The article begins by directly stating that the reason for President Trump ’s switch to the    handset is for security reasons : " President Trump’s is finally using an Apple iPhone , despite once calling for a boycott of the company ’s products , after concerns that the Android handset he was President Trump’s using was unsecured . "   " A number of reports have suggested Trump was President Trump’s a Samsung Galaxy S3 running Google ’s Android operating system , a point which has never officially been confirmed , " the article notes . " The New York Times reported in January that the phone was unsecured . This means that it is the phone was unsecured to hackers , something of great concern because the president of the U. S. would be a key hacking target . " The article the article on Trump ’s use of the more secure Apple device , citing the president ’s past criticism of the iPhone manufacturer for refusing to unlock the phone of San Bernardino terrorist Syed Rizwan Farook . " During a campaign rally last year , Trump called for Trump’s to boycott Apple products because Apple technology giant Trump’s the iPhone involved in the San Bernardino shootings . In San Bernardino , the FBI asked Apple to unlock a phone Apple to the San Bernardino shooter . Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook Apple the order " chilling " and did not assist . " " During a campaign rally last year , Trump called for people to boycott Apple products because the technology Apple refused to unlock Trump in the San Bernardino shootings , " NBC San Bernardino " In this case , the FBI asked Apple to unlock a phone Apple to the San Bernardino shooter . Apple Chief Executive San Bernardino Apple the order ‘ chilling’ and did not assist . " President Trump , of course , has in the past used the products of many companies with whom he disagrees , directly naming    at one point in President Trump tweet . The Coca Cola company is not happy with me —   that ’s okay , I ’ll still President Trump drinking that garbage .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) October 16 , 2012 ,   President Trump ’s decision to use a more secure mobile phone seems to be a step in the right direction considering the issues surrounding cyber security that were raised during the election . However , NBC appears to cast President Trump ’s decision to better protect himself from cyber attacks as a sign of hypocrisy . President Trump’s 