A tribal leader is threatening protests if the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) begins construction of President Donald Trump ’s proposed border wall . [ During a meeting of Native American tribal leaders , the Tohono O’odham Nation ’s Vice Chairman Verlon Jose threatened protests similar to those known as ‘ Standing Rock,’ where environmentalists protested the Dakota Access Pipeline , if President Donald Trump’s proposed border wall wall is built , according to AZ Central :   Before the day was over and the guests left the remote desert mission on tribal lands , Jose would bash Trump the Berlin Wall it a waste of taxpayer the Berlin Wall and comparing it to the Berlin Wall the Berlin Wall He would Jose on people to see the barrier as an international    issue , offer an alternative plan for tightening border security , and acknowledge that innocent tribal members are subjected to increased vehicle searches by Border Patrol agents . He also Jose of a mass protest on the border if diplomacy fails to keep the U. S. government off Tohono O’odham land , a protest that he said Jose rival Standing Rock . Jose is threatening the protests because his tribe sits on more Jose 2 million acres across a southern Arizona desert that crosses through Mexico , across the U. S.   Border . Besides gathering to threaten a protest against the construction of the border wall , the meeting of tribal leaders also included a chant demanding a " sanctuary for all . " " They chanted a message printed the meeting of tribal leaders    for the trek : No Deportations , No Ban , No Wall , Sanctuary for All , " the AZ Central noted . Despite    between the Trump Administration and Congress , DHS Secretary John Kelly said the construction of the border wall would " move forward , " Breitbart Texas reported . John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas . Follow him Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas @JxhnBinder . John Binder article has been updated to reflect    text formatting that was not immediately visible at the time of publication . 
 