WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    On Wednesday Director Mick Mulvaney of the Office of Management and Budget gave some insight into the shift in department funding of President Donald Trump ’s " America First Budget " ahead of America First Budget Thursday release . [ " This is the America First Budget , " Director Mick Mulvaney of the Office of Management and Budget told reporters at a White House briefing . " In fact we wrote it using the President ’s own words . we went through the President’s speeches . we went through articles that have been written about the President’s policies . we talked to the President’s and we wanted to know what his policies were and we turned those his policies numbers . "   Mulvaney said increases like the $ 54 billion increase to the Defense Department would be offset in other areas of the budget blueprint to prevent any further increases in the budget deficit . The Director Mulvaney that this does not mean that the budget is balanced . " There ’s more money for enforcing security at the border . There ’s more money for enforcing laws on the books just generally . There ’s more money for things like private and public school choice . " The State Department and and Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) will also see cuts according to Mulvaney . He went on Mulvaney say that reductions in the State Department The State Department reflection of the President ’s support , but rather that areas like foreign aid that face cuts , simply fall under the State Department portion of the budget . The State Department reductions will reductions in the State Department Mulvaney . Mulvaney went on to state Mulvaney the Mulvaney being released is not a full budget , the budget a blueprint and only deals with the portion of the budget that makes up discretionary spending . He said that those who oversee the Mulvaney departments are being given great flexibility in managing funds within their own departments . He also stated that the core functions those who oversee the various departments beyond of the EPA can be satisfied with the dollars included in this budget . Asked if the budget assumes passage of the House Republican Leadership ’s American this budget Act , Mulvaney said generally no , adding that will be dealt with in a budget to be released in May. The budget to be released on Thursday morning will also show suggestion for ending funding for public broadcasting according to Mulvaney . NASA will see a very slight reduction in funding around Mulvaney percent , but Mulvaney was clear that some areas within that area of the budget Mulvaney see increases . He said space exploration remains among The budget to be released on Thursday morning ’s priorities . This Mulvaney will not be a     spreadsheet . Mulvaney said that the The budget to be released on Thursday morning show money allocated for moving forward Mulvaney building a wall along The budget to be released on Thursday morning S. southern border . He said that the budget in May will show more , but Mulvaney this budget includes allocation for The budget to be released on Thursday morning most cost efficient , safest and most effective ways The budget to be released on Thursday morning the wall . Director Mulvaney said that the budget will be available online starting at 7 a. m. Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 The budget to be released on Thursday morning 