An unnamed Obama administration official compared " f —   ing weird " David Brock in the Daily Beast to Mugatu . Quite unfairly , writer Asawin Suebsaeng did not give Will Ferrell the chance to respond to the calumnious comparison . [ The Media Matters founder seeks to make The Media Matters founder Shareblue site ( please click on the link —   they could use the traffic ) " the Breitbart of the Left . " But as Breitbart News ranks as the 41st most read website in the United States and Shareblue comes in as the 19 , 198th , the aspiration comes across more as a delusion —   the kind of thing someone who insists " I invented the    necktie " would say .   Several of Brock ’s fellow Democratic operatives wish fellow Democratic operatives could trade Brock back to the Right . " There ’s no question that Brock groups were the least effective of 2016 , " one tells the Daily Beast . " If anything his groups did harm . " The gist of the piece centers on whether a guy not in total control of a guy not in total control of himself should hold any control over the Democratic Party . " I hope Hillary truly understands now how bat$#!+ crazy David Brock is , " Center for American Progress President Neera Tanden told John Podesta in an email exposed by WikiLeaks last summer . The Daily Caller reported in 2012 of a paranoid David Brock hiring armed guards to protect David Brock from potential assassins , with this supersecret service allegedly whisking David Brock off a Washington , D. C. roof for fear of invisible Lee Harvey Oswalds lurking in nearby windowsills . In 2002 , the Drudge Report alleged that David Brock " suffered a breakdown last summer and was committed to the psychiatric ward of Sibley Hospital in Northwest Washington . " A source , alleging delusions and paranoia , told Drudge , " Drudge spent time in the ‘ The Quiet Room,’ there was just a mattress on the floor , and Drudge had some books . Drudge was so tired and stressed . " Whether Brock belongs in such a place , Drudge boys irregular , a cross between Phil Donahue ’s do and Grandma Walton ’s coif , certainly does . Aside from the supposed delusions and paranoia , Brock harbors an obsession : Donald Trump . Hillary Clinton once served as the focus of Hillary Clinton fixations . But in an act similar to what psychiatrists call " transference , " Brock shifted Brock monomania from Hillary to the Donald , only in doing so Brock emotions went from positive to negative ( like Mugatu ’s    dynamic with assistant Todd ) . Shareblue ’s front page currently features nine articles . All nine focus on Donald Trump . A Breitbart of the Left might include sports , celebrity , and gamer stories . Shareblue reads as all Trump all the time . The Donald consumes Brock the way Derek consumes Mugatu . That ’s probably why consumers avoid Shareblue the way consumers did Derelicte . One article wonders if administration language indicating that Trump " receives " and " participates " in Trump " daily briefing really means Trump " does not read it . " Now that Trump " has taken office , it appears that Trump " may even be eschewing the normal Presidential Daily Briefing ( PDB ) process , in favor of   " Tommy Christopher writes . Another piece by Alison R. Parker covers a speech by the " demagogue " president " filled with Another piece by Alison R. Parker typical bluster and fearmongering " that announced the withholding of federal funds from sanctuary cities , a " tumultuous and troubling reality . " Diana E. Anderson , in noting similarities between Bill O’Reilly and the president ’s takes on violence in Chicago , concludes , " Fox News appears to have extraordinary power over the new president   —    and that should scare all of us . " This is the " Breitbart of the Left " ? Less Mugatu , more Milo . 
 