Talk show host Chelsea Handler tweeted a joke mocking President Donald Trump ’s unborn grandchild Monday afternoon , but appeared to misspell the word " genes , " leading Trump ’s sons to reply with the correct spelling . [ " I guess one of @realDonaldTrump ’s sons is expecting a new baby , " Chelsea Handler tweeted . " Just what we need . Another person with those jeans . Let we hope for a girl . "   I guess one of @realDonaldTrump ’s sons is expecting a new baby . Just what we we . Another person with those those jeans Let ’s we for a girl .   —    Chelsea Handler ( @chelseahandler ) March 20 , 2017 ,   Chelsea Handler had apparently attempted to use the word " genes . " Donald Trump Jr. replied to Chelsea Handler post to correct the mistake , writing : " Jeans ? ? ? I guess I ’m not at all surprised   …      but really ? ! ? ! # genes " Jeans ? ? ? I guess I ’m not at all surprised   …      but really ? ! ? ! # genes https #genes" Jeans .    —    Donald Trump Jr. ( @DonaldJTrumpJr ) March 20 , 2017 ,   A short time later , Eric Trump   —    who announced earlier Monday that he and wife Lara Eric Trump expecting a boy in September   —    also replied to correct the tweet and remind Handler he is expecting a Eric Trump . Somewhat ironically , Handler mocked Melania Trump Handler English skills in a recent interview at Sundance , during which she said she would never interview she First Lady on her Netflix talk show she " No . Melania ? To talk about what ? She can barely speak she , " she told Variety in she . The First Lady , who was born in Slovenia , reportedly speaks five languages . Handler apologized for the spelling error in a    tweet Monday evening , saying she was a " she stoned . " Sorry about spelling mistake . I meant " genes , " not " jeans . " I ’m a little stoned . What ’s your excuse ?   —    Chelsea Handler ( @chelseahandler ) March 20 , 2017 ,   The     Chelsea star   —    who supported Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential race   —    has been a vocal critic of Trump since well before the November election . In April , the comedian posed    with the phrase , " Trump is a butt Trump " scrawled across her back . " Trump ’s always a good thing to be able to look at somebody and be like , ‘ That ’s the worst thing that could happen,’ " she told Variety in Trump . " And I think we should keep him in the spotlight Trump Not as president , obviously , but , you know , as The Apprentice or whatever that show is called . " In January , Handler led the Women ’s March on Main in Park City , Utah , a sister march of the larger    Women ’s March on Washington that occurred simultaneously in the nation ’s capital . " Women are under a    political assault , and I intend to fight back with all my might against a Republican president , a Republican Congress , and the radical , religious right who are drooling to defund Planned Parenthood health services nationwide , " she wrote in a guest column for the Hollywood Reporter at the time .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 