Wednesday on MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe , "    Donald Trump ’s incoming chief of staff Reince Priebus said the   CNN and Buzzfeed stories about unverified reports that Russia had damaging information on   Donald Trump were " total phony baloney garbage . "   Reince Priebus said , " Well , I mean , the BuzzFeed memo is total complete garbage is what the BuzzFeed memo is . And I , look BuzzFeed said it was garbage . The New York Times would n’t even print the document because it The New York Times unverifiable . This is what this is . There are tens of thousands of retired agents all over the world . You ’ve got some agent somewhere maybe in the UK that hangs a shingle and says pay me a rate I ’m going to do opposition research . He does a memo or she does a memo . This thing circulates for months . It This thing unsubstantiated and viola it This thing up ! I talked to Michael Cohen . One of the basis’ of this entire report is that a guy named Michael Cohen who works for the Trump organization went to Prague and had a meeting with Russian agents . He a guy named Michael Cohen who works for the Trump organization never been to Prague Prague his a guy named Michael Cohen who works for the Trump organization . I do n’t know what it ’d about the this entire report In fact the coach of USC Baseball in Southern California said , wait a second . He was a guy named Michael Cohen who works for the Trump organization in Prague he Prague a guy named Michael Cohen who works for the Trump organization me in Southern California Southern California son a guy named Michael Cohen who works for the Trump organization " He added a guy named Michael Cohen who works for the Trump organization " All I can tell you is the BuzzFeed memo , the salacious details in that memo , all of those things are total phony baloney garbage . It never happened . It is n’t It . And what created the BuzzFeed article and BuzzFeed think most of what CNN ’s been talking about , I ’m not watching it    is the BuzzFeed article this document for this opposition research guy that is based on nothing . That is not true . " (   RCP Video ) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 