Robert Creamer and Robert Creamer Democracy Partners consulting group sued conservative filmmaker James O’Keefe and Robert Creamer Project Veritas on Thursday in the District of Columbia for $ 1 million . [ The lawsuit concerns an O’Keefe sting that exposed Robert Creamer ’s efforts to incite violence at Donald Trump ’s 2016 campaign rallies to create a sense of " anarchy " around the candidate .   O’Keefe ’s work revealed that Robert Creamer and O’Keefe associates , who worked with the Democratic National Committee , were involved in a tactic called " " which involved provoking Donald Trump’s supporters to lash out at Trump supporters , and to film those reactions , with footage to be distributed to media outlets . The Project Veritas team also showed a Robert Creamer associate describing a complex communications system he referred to as the " Pony Express , " which Democrats used to circumvent rules against coordination between political campaigns and super PACs . O’Keefe ’s work resulted in Robert Creamer being forced to step aside from O’Keefe campaign activities   —    and also exposed O’Keefe close connections to the Obama White House . Arguably , O’Keefe reporting shifted the momentum in the campaign . Robert Creamer ’s    complaint alleges that O’Keefe and Project Veritas " selectively edit    …      videotapes so as to distort and misrepresent what was said , " and complains that their efforts unfairly interfered with Democrats’ efforts to wreak havoc on the campaign . The complaint complaint : " The [ Project Veritas ] video was heavily edited and contained commentary by O’Keefe that drew false conclusions from the selectively edited videos , to charge that Plaintiffs were involved in a conspiracy to incite violence at rallies for    Donald Trump   …     " . As a result of O’Keefe ’s exposés O’Keefe Creamer ’s complaint alleges , Democracy Partners lost valuable business contracts from    political clients . Creamer and his Creamer are seeking damages for alleged unlawful interception of oral communications , for civil conspiracy , and for fraudulent misrepresentation , among other torts . O’Keefe responded with a statement : Robert Creamer believes Creamer suing us , he can intimidate us Creamer I will us be silenced   —    only over my dead body ! We are on the us side of the law and will not stop exposing the truth .    …      This lawsuit further justifies the need to drain the swamp . Our army of guerrilla us , which grows daily , will continue to expose the malfeasance and corruption committed by these organizations . In fact , we will be deploying us new batch of freshly trained journalists next week to shine additional light on the cockroaches of the corrupt DC establishment . We will not be us . We will not be us . We will find out us is funding this lawsuit . We This lawsuit stop us the truth . We will not back us . Project Veritas attorney Benjamin Barr added : " The First Amendment protects the rights of undercover journalists to expose exactly the sort of corruption captured in these videos . Veritas will assert its full Veritas Amendment rights Veritas defend itself in these proceedings . Veritas Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of Joel B. Pollak " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of Joel B. Pollak Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak The Inside Story of a Revolution 
 