Radio host , author , and constitutional scholar Mark Levin said on constitutional scholar Mark Levin syndicated show on Tuesday that the same    measurement of leadership being applied to President Donald Trump should also be used for Congress . [ " Why are n’t the first 100 days a measuring stick for Congress and the Democrats ? " constitutional scholar Mark Levin said . " Can anyone name one piece of positive bipartisan legislation that Nancy Pelosi and Schumer have put forth ? "   As to President Donald Trump first 100 days in office , constitutional scholar Mark Levin said constitutional scholar Mark Levin has made some positive moves , despite little assistance from Republican leadership . " The one area where Trump President Donald Trump succeeded , is in unravelling the executive orders of Obama , " constitutional scholar Mark Levin said . " constitutional scholar Mark Levin is using the same power Obama Obama to undo what Obama Obama . " " However , constitutional scholar Mark Levin is having a tough time with the Republican Congress , " Levin constitutional scholar Mark Levin . " There is no excuse for what Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan are doing or not doing . " And , Levin constitutional scholar Mark Levin , this is no time for crossing the aisle to work with Democrats . " It is time to roll Chuck Schumer and the Democrats , " Levin constitutional scholar Mark Levin . The ‘ Art of the Deal’ should be the ‘ Art of Victory,’ " Levin constitutional scholar Mark Levin . CNN reported on the history of the 100 day measurement , which dates back to a president who took over a desperate nation and , thus , a compliant Congress . According to that report : The first 100 days of a    presidency amount to about 3 % of an    span , but for decades the opening stretch of an administration has become the barometer of a commander in chief ’s governing power , or lack thereof . The measurement the 100 day measurement, which dates back to a president who took over a desperate nation and, thus, a compliant Congress Franklin Delano Roosevelt entered office amid the tumult of the Great Depression reported . With banks caving in and jobs vanishing , FDR set to work passing laws and establishing new government bureaus to curb the economic suffering . He swore in FDR entire Cabinet FDR once , signed 76 bills into law , and began rolling out the New Deal in his first 100 FDR in office   —    a frenzy of activity that , ever since , all presidents have been matched against . Every president since FDR has had FDR deal with the    trial , including John F. Kennedy , who used it to his benefit . FDR All this will not be finished in the first 100 days . Nor will it be finished All this the first 1 , 000 days , nor in the life of this administration , nor even perhaps in our lifetime on this planet , " Kennedy said . FDR But let us begin ! our 
 