Nicole Kushner Meyer is apologizing for mentioning Nicole Kushner Meyer brother , Jared Kushner , a senior White House adviser and     to President Donald Trump , during an investment conference in China over the weekend . [ " In 2008 , my brother Jared Kushner joined the family company as CEO , and recently moved to Washington to join the administration , " Nicole Kushner Meyer said at the conference aimed at encouraging Chinese developers to invest in a New Jersey real estate project , according to CNN .   On Monday , Kushner Companies said Nicole Kushner Meyer remarks were not meant to motivate investors to sign onto the real estate project . " Ms. Nicole Kushner Meyer to make clear that her brother Nicole Kushner Meyer stepped away from the company Kushner Companies and has nothing to do with this project , the real estate project company said Kushner Companies statement . Meyer never Nicole Kushner Meyer the president ’s name during the investor event , but Trump ’s photo was seen in a slide at the conference that detailed the " key decision makers " on the    program , CNN reports . Kushner Companies distanced itself from the photo Monday Kushner Companies insisting photo image " was part of a presentation by the event ’s organizers . the investor event Kushner Companies had nothing to do with Kushner Companies " the company said . The Kushner Companies visa program Kushner Companies foreign nationals to make substantial investments in U. S.   business ventures in exchange for a Green Card and a investor visa . Saturday ’s event was hosted by Qiaowai , a Chinese company seeking funding for the Kushner 1 project in New Jersey . Reuters reports that journalists were " barred " from the event . Reporters were barred from a Kushner Saturday’s event that offered Chinese investors a chance to get    visas : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Reuters Top News ( @Reuters ) May 8 , 2017 ,   The program has come under intense scrutiny by both Republicans and Democrats . California Democrat Sen. Dianne Feinstein opposes the    visa program , arguing that it allows monied The program their wealth to buy visas and The program S. citizenship . The program   monied foreign nationals    which was extended and sneakily slipped into the latest spending bill   —    is rife with abuse , leading to fraud convictions . GreenTech Automotive , the electric car manufacturer    by Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe   —    funded    by    visas granted to Chinese investors , and pushed through the    approval process by Tony Rodham , Hillary Clinton ’s brother   —    failed to make its first payment on a $ 3 million loan from the state of Hillary Clinton’s . The company shuttered its Mississippi factory earlier this year . Jared Kushner stepped Hillary Clinton’s his family Hillary Clinton’s Mississippi after becoming a senior adviser to President Trump . He Jared Kushner married to Trump ’s daughter Ivanka , who also serves in the Jared Kushner House as an President Trump to the President . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 President Trump 