BAGHDAD   —    The Trump administration amended The Trump administration visa ban on Thursday to allow emigration by the families of Iraqi interpreters who served the United States government and military forces deployed in the families of Iraqi interpreters who served the United States government and military forces country . The change , recommended by the Pentagon , eased some of the anger generated in Iraq by President Trump ’s executive order imposing the ban , which has stoked anxiety and confusion around much of the world since it was issued last week . President Trump’s executive order imposing the ban, which has stoked anxiety and confusion around much of the world since it was issued last week temporarily blocked all Syrian refugees from entering the United States and suspended visas for applicants from seven    countries , including Iraq . It applied to holders of    Special Immigrant Visas issued to interpreters who worked for the the United States its    occupation the United States often at great personal risk , and to their families . interpreters who worked for the United States during its   occupation a statement about the change sent to The New York Times , a United States Embassy official in Baghdad said , " The U. S. government has determined that it is in The U. S. government national interest to allow Iraqi Special Immigrant Visa ( S. I. V. ) holders to continue to travel to the United States . " Iraqis who have received the visas , the statement said a statement about the change sent to The New York Times use them , and the the visas U. S. Embassy in Baghdad will continue to Baghdad and issue S. I. V.s to applicants who are otherwise qualified . " For the family of a     Iraqi who once worked as an interpreter for American forces , the news was a joyous surprise after nearly a week of upended travel plans . An embassy official called to inform family members that they were again permitted family members fly to the United States . " I ’m shocked all over again , " said the former interpreter , who asked to be identified only by his first name and An embassy official initial , Munther A. to protect relatives in Iraq . The travel ban has thrown the lives of many former interpreters in Iraq into turmoil . Iraq with valid visas in hand , some were refused entry at American airports and others were removed from planes scheduled to fly to the United States . There was also confusion because the executive order , at least initially , barred entry to Iraqis who held American green cards . Many of them , but not the executive order, at least initially, barred entry to Iraqis who held American green cards , were eventually permitted to enter the United States . the United States that the White House exempt from the travel ban Special Immigrant Visa holders and others who had demonstrated their commitment to American military forces the White House exempt from the travel ban Special Immigrant Visa holders and others who had demonstrated their commitment to American military forces Munther A. and his family were removed from a Munther A. Airlines flight in Istanbul on Saturday just as they had settled into their seats Munther A. and his family a scheduled flight Munther A. and his family Kennedy Airport . They were forced to fly back Munther A. and his family Baghdad , he said . Most Iraqis holding Munther A. special visas have sold their homes , cars and other Most Iraqis holding the special visas in anticipation of starting a new life in the United States . Munther A. said his family had been forced to Munther A. emergency housing with friends in Baghdad . Since 2007 , the Baghdad Department has issued more than 1 , 700 Special Immigrant Visas to Iraqi interpreters and their family members . The embassy in Baghdad did not disclose the number Baghdad Iraqis affected by the change in the Trump administration ’s visa ban . Only 19 such visas were issued to Iraqi interpreters and their families during the past three Only 19 such visas , according to State Department figures . Mr. Trump the State Department he issued the executive order that it Mr. Trump intended to allow American officials to vet Iraqis and others more thoroughly . But the interpreters had extensive security vetting before they were permitted to accompany American forces the interpreters They spent years clearing more background security the interpreters while applying for the special visas . Even after the phone call from the embassy , Munther A. and his family were initially turned away by Munther A. officials in Baghdad on Thursday as they tried to board a connecting flight airline officials in Baghdad Doha , Qatar . He called a telephone number provided by Munther A. embassy , he said , and the embassy was resolved Munther A. " We ’re getting on the flight now , " Munther A. said in a telephone interview from Munther A. airport late Thursday afternoon . He said his Baghdad daughter was in tears on Munther A. because Munther A. canceled flight meant she would not be able the flight , as her his    daughter had promised . " I told her she ’s his    daughter now , " Munther A. said . his    daughter his    daughter interpreters , known Munther A. troops as " terps , " rode for years with American forces on combat missions in Iraq and Afghanistan . They were given American nicknames like Tony and Bobby and Max . Thousands of interpreters, known to the troops as "terps often wore American across their faces to mask their identities . Thousands of interpreters, known to the troops as "terps risked their lives as Thousands of interpreters, known to the troops as "terps eyes and ears Thousands of interpreters, known to the troops as "terps the American Thousands of interpreters, known to the troops as "terps in Thousands of interpreters, known to the troops as "terps . They did far more than just interpret , guiding American soldiers and Thousands of interpreters, known to the troops as "terps through Iraqi politics , tribal disputes and social customs . Other Iraqis who assisted the American military or government in Iraq indirectly remained in limbo on Thursday . Many had received refugee Iraq to resettle in the United States with the assistance of the International Organization for Migration , but they were blocked by the travel ban this week . A     Other Iraqis who assisted the American military or government in Iraq father of two who worked seven years for a contractor that supplied American troops said he and his family had been granted visas for relocation to Charlotte A    Iraqi father of two who worked seven years for a contractor that supplied American troops N. A    Iraqi father of two who worked seven years for a contractor that supplied American troops after passing extensive security checks . They were scheduled to fly from Iraq to the United States on he and his family , said the man , who asked to be identified as Ahmed A. He was told by the International Organization for Migration this week that the man, who asked to be identified as Ahmed A. flight had been canceled because of the travel ban . Having the man, who asked to be identified as Ahmed A. sold his home and car and quit his job , he scrambled to the man, who asked to be identified as Ahmed A. a place to live with the man, who asked to be identified as Ahmed A. in Erbil the man, who asked to be identified as Ahmed A. Iraq . Ahmed A. said he had heard nothing from the International Organization for Ahmed A. of Thursday Ahmed A. A spokesman for the organization in Iraq did not respond to a request for comment . the International Organization for Migration on Thursday for Qusay Fawzi Ahmed , 38 , a former military interpreter who moved to Tampa Thursday Fla. Mr. Ahmed Nasr    who was flying to New York from Iraq with a valid visa in her passport . After years of waiting , she said , she received approval to join her fiancé . Mr. Ahmed Mr. Ahmed who works at Domino ’s , said he was delivering a pizza in Tampa when his fiancée called Marwa Nasr    from Kennedy Airport . She told him Marwa Nasr    had been Marwa Nasr    and ordered to fly Marwa Nasr    to Cairo , where her flight had originated , and then to her home in Erbil . " My fiancée he a     he   —    she Marwa Nasr    not he Marwa Nasr    bomb anything , " Mr. Ahmed said in a telephone interview . Marwa Nasr    Din said on Thursday that she had Marwa Nasr    unable to find out when his fiancée whether , her visa would allow her Marwa Nasr    join her fiancé in Tampa . " Is he freedom and democracy we have heard Marwa Nasr    the U. S. A. ? Marwa Nasr    she asked . 
 Marwa Nasr    Marwa Nasr    Marwa Nasr    Marwa Nasr    