The chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee told Breitbart News Thursday Sen. Marco Rubio ( R. . ) is the only Republican member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee he his could vote against the confirmation of former Exxon Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson for secretary of state . [ " I am not aware of anyone else who has the concerns of Rubio , " said Sen. Robert P. Corker Jr. ( R. . ) who became the chairman in 2015 after the Republicans won the Senate majority in the 2014 midterms . " You ’re going to have to speak to Senator Rubio about that . "   Corker said it Corker his Corker that Rubio Senator Rubio going to line up time to meet with Tillerson before the committee votes . Republicans hold a     advantage in the Senate so three Republican defections spell defeat for any of    Donald J. Trump ’s nominees . Corker said he is Corker that Tillerson has Tillerson votes for confirmation because a number of Democrats , whom he would Corker name , have reached out to him about Corker and Tillerson have Tillerson has the votes for confirmation a willingness to support his confirmation Corker Rubio told reporters after a closed door meeting of the Foreign Relations Committee that he has Rubio made a decision . " I ’ve got some things I got to work through , " the Florida Rubio " We have to work through the process , when we are ready to We , you ’ll be be the first to know , " he said as he Rubio elevator doors Rubio , momentarily blocking his escape . Rubio Rubio with Tillerson Rubio , but the senator would not Rubio there would be another meeting . The chairman said the reason Rubio second day of testimony Tillerson cancelled was to create space for office visits —   and his belief that each senator got Rubio time asking questions . " Every committee member got at least 24 minutes yesterday , " he said . Another committee chairman Rubio Corker his senators got one round of Rubio minutes each and that was it . In his questioning of Tillerson , Rubio Rubio combative , especially on Rubio subject of Russian president Vladimir Putin . In a typical exchange , Rubio , the lawyer , asked Tillerson , the engineer , if he agreed that Putin was killing Rubio opponents in Russian president Vladimir Putin and overseas . Tillerson : I do not have Tillerson information to make that claim . Rubio : Are you aware that people who oppose Vladimir Putin wind up dead all Russian president Vladimir Putin world ? Poisoned and shot in the back of the head ? Do you think that was coincidental ? Or do you think it is quite possible or likely —   as I believe —   that they were part of an effort to murder his political opponents ? Tillerson : Well Russian president Vladimir Putin people , who speak up for freedom in regimes that are oppressive are often at threat and these things happen to them . In terms of assigning specific people, who speak up for freedom in regimes that are oppressive , I would have to have more information . As I have indicated , I feel its important that in advising the president , if confirmed , that I deal with facts that I deal with sufficient information , which means having access to all information and I am sure there is a large body of information that I have never seen because it is in the classified realm . I look forward upon being confirmed becoming fully informed . But , I am not willing to make conclusions on what is publicly available or publicly reported . Rubio : None of this is classified , Mr. Tillerson . These people are dead . Political opponents —    Tillerson : Your question was people , who were directly responsible for that . I am not disputing that these people are dead . Corker said people, who were directly responsible for that concerned that in Wednesday ’s testimony Corker there was the impression left that Tillerson lied about whether or not he Mr. Tillerson Exxon Mobil lobbied against economic sanctions Corker on Russia in response to Russian annexation of Crimea and other parts of eastern Ukraine . Tillerson testified that he and his company Mr. Tillerson not lobby against Corker sanctions Corker but the ranking member of economic sanctions levied on Russia in response to Russian annexation of Crimea and other parts of eastern Ukraine , Sen. Robert Menendez ( D. . J. ) confronted Tillerson with documents Exxon Mobil filed to Mr. Tillerson its lobbying efforts on Capitol Hill . The New Exxon Mobil senator said he was confused as to how Tillerson could testify The New Jersey senator he did not Mr. Tillerson the sanctions bill , sponsored The New Jersey senator Mendendez , if his company reported that it was in fact lobbying The New Jersey senator the issue . Corker said it was all a misunderstanding with which he was familiar because Tillerson called him about his Corker with the sanctions bill . Corker chairman Corker Tillerson ’s problem was that American Corker European sanctions Tillerson different , and that while Exxon Mobil ongoing operations in Russia were allowed to continue , the wording of the American sanctions made it more difficult to manage the European sanctions were allowed . Also , it would have made it more difficult to protect the safety of it 500 personnel working on the projects . All Tillerson wanted was for the American sanctions to match the wording in the European Union sanctions European sanctions . " It was not to lobby European sanctions but to point out that the Europeans were doing it in a much better European sanctions " he said . Corker said he plans on checking with his committee members about timing a vote on Corker Tillerson confirmation Corker which Corker come as early as Corker week . 
 