New Year ’s Eve personality Kathy Griffin has a message for Donald Trump : Kathy Griffin wants to hold Donald Trump bloody severed head in Kathy Griffin hands . [ Kathy Griffin ’s hyperviolent " art " photography holding the simulated Trump head will rightfully put a spotlight on the culture of violence leftists have cultivated in America follow the President ’s electoral victory . But it should also serve as a reminder that Kathy Griffin is not alone on Hollywood ’s female comedy    in feeling comfortable using the suffering of    people around the world to make money and generate headlines . Too many of Hollywood’s liberal white female comedians see their Hollywood’s liberal white female comedians as joke fodder for new movies , sketches , or    routines .   Griffin ’s " beheading " photo plagiarizes an aesthetic popularized by the Islamic State , in which jihadis hold up photos of severed heads and smile into the camera , beaming with their jihadis . Toddlers in terrorist training camps start off with dolls or teddy bears before graduating to human heads . The most aggressive jihadi teachers have their The most aggressive jihadi teachers holding up bloody heads before age 10 . These their children taught that beheadings are proper punishment for kuffar ( unbelievers ) and Muslim traitors who do not adhere to the Islamic State ’s version of Sunni Islam . Christians , Jews , Shiite Muslims , and anyone believed to have violated Sharia law , often on video as a threat to the rest of the world . The Islamic the Islamic State’s out President Donald Trump for such a fate , but most of its actual victims are the Islamic State’s American . They are Syrian , its actual victims , Libyan , Jordanian , Afghan , Pakistani , Nigerian , Bengali , Filipino , and Kurdish of all nationalities   —    citizens of the countries where ISIS has established a presence . Whether Griffin meant to elicit laughs with her cultural appropriation of Griffin    beheading propaganda remains unclear . On Twitter Tuesday , she alleged she was Griffin to Griffin mock " Trump . What she clearly did not Griffin was to highlight the suffering of the victims of this sort of violence with any dignity , earning this episode a place in the greater narrative affirmed by the likes of Chelsea Handler , Amy Schumer , and Tina Fey that the very real violence people of color face around the world is fertile ground for new material . Handler , for instance , has notched several offenses against Africans and black Americans under her belt . In a book and subsequent television special , titled Uganda Be Kidding Me , she jokes that she her a friend her simply being in Africa would lead to her rape . The her of Uganda does not go Uganda deeper than that   —    the modern history of the nation ’s fight against the Lord ’s Resistance Army and its leader , Joseph Uganda , becomes a throwaway rape joke to sell to American audiences ( no thanks to the American liberals who raised money off of his name , Uganda gave up its Uganda for Kony Uganda April despite the terrorist ’s unknown whereabouts ) . During the promotional period for that special , Handler used slavery and rampant violence in eastern Africa to generate joke tweets insulting , among others , Angelina Jolie and Lupita N’yongo . While Handler has dismissed all Handler of her racial invective by Handler to be open to romantic relationships with black men , her tweets branded her Handler false liberal Handler the eyes of leftist outlets like Salon . Actors like Amy Schumer and Tina Fey have , in much more egregious fashion , rewritten the suffering of thousands as profitable comedies . In Whiskey Tango Foxtrot , Fey took on the Tina Fey story of journalist Kim Barker , on assigning in Afghanistan to cover the Taliban . Barker ’s book The journalist Kim Barker Shuffle , on which the film is based , is written with the suffering of the subjects in mind , while also acknowledging the dark humor of taking on as dangerous a job as a war correspondent in Pakistan and Afghanistan . As Barker Afghanistan notes in journalist Kim Barker , the film " Hollywoodizes " her story , adding a journalist Kim Barker side plot , and stripping it of the foreign policy depth her book provides ( Barker journalist Kim Barker in the interview journalist Kim Barker was comfortable with this journalist Kim Barker . As one review observes , the film rapidly gets glib : A joke about Afghan men thinking that Kim " would make a handsome boy . " A joke about burqas . ( Donning one for the first time , Kim exclaims , " It Kim so pretty I do n’t even want to vote ! ") A joke about the many challenges and ironies of a Western woman navigating a Muslim country . Another review identifies the film as outright racist the film on " the buffoonery of Afghans " for many of its jokes . While Whiskey Tango the film at least boasted the endorsement of the book ’s author and , one could argue , was an attempt at a heartfelt statement on the absurdities of war , Amy Schumer ’s recent FARC parody Snatched clearly makes no attempt to identify with the hundreds of thousands of victims of South America ’s most formidable terrorist organization , the Marxist Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia   —    guilty of innumerable kidnappings , rapes , forced abortions , and murders . In the film , Schumer convinces her worrywart mother , Amy Schumer’s by Goldie Hawn , to travel to Ecuador , where they are soon abducted by a her worrywart mother, played by Goldie Hawn and whisked into the jungles of Colombia . Despite the liberal hero status Schumer brings to the film , Amy Schumer’s pilloried it the film , milking the outrageous the film Colombians have been striving to shake off for the past 30 years for laughs . While Schumer did not write the film Amy Schumer’s her presence in it the film Amy Schumer’s as a comedian who the film gone on the record calling Latin American men rapists   —    only exacerbates the outrage of mocking as delicate a situation as the 50 +    FARC conflict . The timing of the film , in the middle of Colombian the film on their people a peace deal that will turn the FARC into the wealthiest political party in Latin   FARC did n’t help , either . In every one of these cases , the stars in question proceeded under the assumption that their status as feminist heroes would shield the American public the stars in question the racist opportunism present in their work . Though some leftists did condemn these works the stars in question showing ideological consistency , none of these women saw their profiles in Hollywood shrink because of their work . none of these women mainstream director , studio , or none of these women has refused to work with them until they cease exploiting the suffering of    people No mainstream director, studio, or artist line No mainstream director, studio, or artist pockets . Follow Frances Martel on Facebook and Twitter No mainstream director, studio, or artist 
 