This week ’s biggest political controversies exposed fault lines within the country ’s major political factions , with the right fighting about civil disobedience while the left fought over the attempted murder of a Republican Congressman . [ Shakespeare in the Park ,   On Friday night , two conservatives disrupted a New York performance of Shakespeare ’s Julius Caesar that escalates the left ’s campaign of imagery designed to cathartically depict the death or murder of President Donald Trump . TheRebel . tv ’s Laura Loomer was arrested for running onstage during the Shakespeare in the Park production , while activist Jack Posobiec taped Laura Loomer demonstration and shouted at the crowd : " The blood of Steve Scalise is on your hands ! " " Old Right " Several authors at    conservative publications condemned Loomer and Posobiec , arguing that the two infringed on the free speech of Shakespeare in the Park and their tactics were too close to the Occupy of Black Lives Matter movement .    conservatives labeled this faction the " old right , " stating that there is no moral equivalence between this disruption and the violence of    protesters in dozens of recent incidents . The old right losers who are upset about what Laura did do n’t realize that unlike this faction , we fight   —    and that ’s why we guy won . # FreeLaura ,   —    Cassandra Fairbanks ( @CassandraRules ) June 17 , 2017 ,   Which is appropriate   Laura broke the law .   To fight an injustice   Just like # RosaParks https :   .    —    Google " CNN , 175 , Sue " ( @NolteNC ) June 17 , 2017 ,   They ’re literally shooting at us and you want to play Marquis of Queensbury .   Cowardice .   Fight the enemy or fuck you .   —    Google " CNN , 175 , Sue " ( @NolteNC ) June 17 , 2017 ,   Oh yeah , leftist students threatening conservatives with violence is the exact same as a 1 minute interruption of Shakespeare in the Park https :   .    —    Scott Greer ( @ScottMGreer ) June 17 , 2017 ,   This is the mentality that has sat , patted This on the back , and watched for decades as America has gone further and further Left https :   .    —    DanRiehl ( @DanRiehl ) June 17 , 2017 ,   We went to one play and accomplished more for the message than the millions donated to think tanks and handed to K Street . Let that sink in ,   —    Jack Posobiec 🇺 🇸 ( @JackPosobiec ) June 17 , 2017 ,   Schlichter vs. Podhoretz , One archetypical exchange in the aftermath of the Julius Caesar demonstration saw Tablet editor and " Never Trump "   John Podhoretz facing off with lawyer and author Kurt Schlichter . I ’d say I just learned tonight you ’re a drooling , immoral , melodramatic idiot , but alas , I learned that long ago . https :   .    —    John Podhoretz ( @jpodhoretz ) June 17 , 2017 ,   you want affirmative action for being a moron because you wore our country ’s uniform ? Happy to oblige .   —    John Podhoretz ( @jpodhoretz ) June 17 , 2017 ,   Cernovich vs. Shapiro , Even more heated was the war of words between independent author and White House reporter Mike Cernovich , responding to criticism from former Breitbart News Senior     and " Never Trump "   Ben Shapiro . This obnoxious stupid snowflake crap is no better than the protesters who try to block college speeches . https :   .    —    Ben Shapiro ( @benshapiro ) June 17 , 2017 ,   —   Ben Shapiro (@benshapiro) June 17, 2017,   does n’t matter . None of those guys matter anymore . None of those guys do n’t break news or make news . Controlled opposition for media to abuse . https :   .    —    Mike Cernovich ( @Cernovich ) June 17 , 2017 ,   This is total , complete horse crap . She invaded a public performance to obstruct This . She has no right to the stage . https :   .    —    Ben Shapiro ( @benshapiro ) June 17 , 2017 ,   👇 🏻This is what a coward looks like . # FreeLaura 👇 🏻 https :   .    —    Mike Cernovich ( @Cernovich ) June 17 , 2017 ,   After trading a few intense personal insults , both men reiterated both men arguments   —    but no longer directly to each other . both men took stage for 1 minute . The left pulls fire alarms , uses pepper spray , hits people with bike locks . It ’s not even close .   —    Mike Cernovich ( @Cernovich ) June 17 , 2017 ,   Use free speech in ways that irritate the left . Do not impede other people ’s freedom of speech . This is not difficult .   —    Ben Shapiro ( @benshapiro ) June 18 , 2017 ,   At the same time , the left was infighting over a much more    topic : targeted political violence . Steve Scalise , On Wednesday , a     Illinois man opened fire on Republican lawmakers practicing for the annual Congressional Baseball Game , wounding House Majority Whip Steve Steve Scalise putting him in House Majority Whip Steve Scalise condition through the weekend . The attacker   —    James Hodgkinson , who was killed by police returning fire   —    also shot Two Capitol Police officers , a congressional staffer , and a lobbyist . The Daily Caller has reported that investigators found a list of GOP lawmakers’ names on Hodgkinson ’s body . Instead of universal condemnation , Hodgkinson ’s Hodgkinson’s brought about a    feud between the establishment left and the social justice left . Impulse Control , Over the weekend , several Verified progressives of varying prominence   —    an L. A. Times blogger , the creator of # OscarsSoWhite , a rapper with 250 YouTube subscribers , an Uproxx editor , and TV actor George Takei   —    argued that sympathy for Rep. Scalise should not outweigh his sinful acts Rep. Scalise a lawmaker . In most cases , more traditional liberals scolded their more radical more traditional liberals for generating bad optics . When will it be time to move Scalise ’s opposition Rep. Scalise control from the last graf of a story to the first ? https :   .    —    Michael Hiltzik ( @hiltzikm ) June 18 , 2017 ,   You can despise Scalise ’s politics and Rep. Scalise the fact someone thought gun violence would somehow change his or anyone ’s mind someone   —    John Haltiwanger ( @jchaltiwanger ) June 16 , 2017 ,   Wounded Congressman Scalise , who the GOP are so sad about , voted TWICE to not recognize the # MLK holiday . https :   .    —    Iskandrah ( @iskandrah ) June 18 , 2017 ,   I ask you simply to look at Rep. Scalise ’s record . Do you have sympathy for other white supremacists ?   —    Iskandrah ( @iskandrah ) June 15 (@iskandrah)   Was Scalise a " human " when he Rep. Scalise’s against Marriage Equality and spoke   a white supremacy function ? Or do only Dems need to be " human ? " https :   .    —    April ( @ReignOfApril ) June 16 , 2017 ,   and do n’t tell me the man has a family and allat shit , because so do folk with their premiums traveling on a rocket to a family and allat shit ,   —    SUPER SIZE ( @GrandeMarshall ) June 14 , 2017 ,   Made the mistake of looking up Steve Scalise voting record on women and LGBT rights . Time to break out Milkshake Duck .   —    Donna Dickens ( @MildlyAmused ) June 14 , 2017 ,   I do n’t have any tolerance for caveats on condemning political violence right now . You ’re opening the door a crack . It needs to stay shut .   the door    jessicashortall ( @jessicashortall ) June 16 , 2017 ,   Cool   —    I guess enough time has passed since Scalise got shot that we can go back to attacking him as a homophobic bigot . Stay Scalise , Sulu . https :   .    —    Josh Jordan ( @NumbersMuncher ) June 17 , 2017 ,   Why do we have to list Philando ’s accolades we How come the headlines are n’t , " Steve Scalise , a bigot who is trying to kill you , got shot " ?   —    Brandi Geography B. ( @ItsTheBrandi ) June 17 , 2017 ,   Josh Barro , an editor at Business Insider , wrote a thread on how the dehumanization of the left ’s political opponents is " bad for society . " Dozens of progressives rebuked Barro in the responses , calling him misguided , " insincere , " Barro " white boy . " This feels like the wrong week to do an analysis of whether Steve Scalise is a good congressman .   —    Josh Barro ( @jbarro ) June 18 , 2017 ,   On the other side of the argument , New Jersey Democratic strategist James Devine urged progressives to " hunt Republican Congressmen . " Scarborough vs. Reid , On Saturday , MSNBC host Joy Reid called the situation " delicate " because , while " everybody is wishing the congressman well and hoping that he recovers " from an apparent assassination the congressman , Reid lamented that " Scalise has Steve Scalise Joy Reid that we ’ve all been forced to sort of ignore on race . " Joe Scarborough , one of Reid ’s colleagues , appeared to attack Joy Reid segment   —    without naming his target . CNN anchor Jake Tapper    the condemnation . Rep. # Scalise was shot by a white man with a violent background , and saved by a black lesbian police officer , and yet   …      # AMJoy pic . twitter .    —    AM Joy    Reid ( @amjoyshow ) June 17 , 2017 ,   If you are attacking Steve Scalise ’s voting record right now , do yourself a favor and just stop now . I ca n’t even believe what I ’m seeing .   —    Joe Scarborough ( @JoeNBC ) June 17 , 2017 ,   Who would even think for one second that it is appropriate to attack a man who is fighting for his life after an assassination attempt ?   —    Joe Scarborough ( @JoeNBC ) June 17 , 2017 ,   Agreed . Unfathomable . https :   .    —    Jake Tapper ( @jaketapper ) June 17 , 2017 ,   Pelosi vs. Pelosi , Septuagenarian Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi ’s conflicting reactions to the Scalise shooting Steve Scalise the clearest example of progressive i d vs. progressive   . On the day of the shooting , she said   — the Scalise shooting direct Septuagenarian Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi to virtually every other statement she has made about President Trump and Septuagenarian Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi   —    that she prayed for unity in the wake Septuagenarian Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi the attack . Hodgkinson’s attack like today , there are no Democrats or Republicans , only Americans united in our thoughts for the wounded . https :   .    —    Nancy Pelosi ( @NancyPelosi ) June 14 , 2017 ,   Yet the very next day , in a seemingly unscripted moment , she returned to her default position of partisan Septuagenarian Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi : Somewhere Septuagenarian Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi the 1990s , Republicans decided on the politics of personal destruction as they went after the Clintons and that is the Republicans of it and is what has continued . Again , I feel as if we ’re having a family moment that is very , very serious and we ’re talking about things that we can say we the discussion —   save the discussion for another day . When you have the discussion that says , " I can shoot somebody on 5th Avenue and nobody would care , " when you have people saying , " beat them up and I ’ll pay their legal fees , people when you have all the people that are made on Hillary Clinton , for them to be so sanctimonious is something . The New all the assaults that are made on Hillary Clinton Landscape , Two parties   —    Republicans and Democrats   —    still essentially rule American politics , but their constituencies are becoming more tribal and divided , even The New Political Landscape, Two parties  —   Republicans and Democrats  —    their electoral allies . Trump voters hate Republican lawmakers , their constituencies as Sens . John McCain and Ben Sasse , for publicly attacking the president and his agenda during and after the 2016 election . Democrats John McCain still picking up the pieces from a contentious DNC leadership race , where    Obama ally Evan Perez narrowly defeated    Rep. Keith Ellison . These same divisions play out in cultural institutions , such as the social justice warriors purging classical liberal professor Bret Weinstein from the Evergreen State College campus or Fox News’ internal fight over the future of its programming style . The arguments taking place now are over what are appropriate means to victory over the other side : for the right , whether to be polite or ruthless   —    and for the left , whether to be ruthless or violent . 
 