Trump supporters , swamp dwellers , and Americans from all walks of life had Trump supporters, swamp dwellers, and Americans from all walks of life eyes glued to coverage of the testimony by former FBI Director James Comey to the Senate Intelligence Committee this morning . [ The hearing was treated like a major sporting event by D. C. locals , who lined up to gain entrance to local establishments for    only viewing parties .   former FBI Director James Comey watch party line at Shaw Tavern stretches down the block   …      # ThisIsWashington pic . twitter .    —    Jordan J Frasier ( @jordanjfrasier ) June 8 , 2017 ,   As coverage and responses to Comey former FBI Director James Comey continue to unfold , we ’ve gathered together six of the most important revelations from the hearing . One thing is for sure , Comey ’s former FBI Director James Comey anything but boring . When questioned by Senator Marco Rubio ( ) Comey answered that former FBI Director James Comey Donald Trump was not under investigation by the FBI . It was also revealed that congressional leaders had previously been briefed on this fact . This morning Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton joined Breitbart News Daily and predicted this fact . this fact allegations against This morning Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton " gossip President Donald Trump " a nothing burger . " Comey admitted to orchestrating leaks from the investigation to the media using a network of friends . Reponse was swift on social media : Senators should ask Comey the name of the Comey professor and then subpoena the memos from him .   —    Comey Dershowitz ( @AlanDersh ) June 8 , 2017 ,     So the collusion involves former FBI director , mainstream media , and the    academy to bring down the elected president # ComeyHearing https :   .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) June 8 , 2017 ,   Columbia Law Prof Daniel Richman confirms to @ZCohenCNN that he is the friend that Columbia Law Prof Daniel Richman excerpts of the Comey memo to reporters .   —    Ryan Nobles ( @ryanobles ) June 8 , 2017 ,   Senator Rubio pointed out the interesting fact that one of the few things not to leak out was the fact that Trump was not under investigation himself . Because if it was leaked that @realDonaldTrump Trump was not under investigation himself personally not under    it would have crushed the not under    narrative . pic . twitter .    —    Dan Scavino Jr. ( @DanScavino ) June 8 , 2017 ,   President Trump ’s personal lawyer Trump Kasowitz , issued a blistering statement after the hearing on the subject of Comey ’s leaks . Senator James Risch ( ) questioned Comey early in the hearing about Comey possibility of obstruction of justice regarding the investigation of General Michael Flynn . Risch repeatedly questioned Comey about the Senator James Risch ( ) wording used Comey President Trump to him in private , which Comey Senator James Risch ( ) in his    memo Comey’s The exchange Comey’s   Democrat ’s hopes of impeachment for obstruction of justice considerably dimmed : Comey : I mean , it Comey the President of the United States with me alone , saying , " Comey hope this . " I took it as this is what he this me this do . the President of the United States did n’t obey that , but that ’s the way I took it . Risch : You may this taken it as a direction , but this ’s not what he said . Comey : Correct Risch Risch : Comey said , " I hope Risch " Comey : Those are exact words Comey correct . Risch : You do n’t know of anyone that ’s been charged for hoping something ? Comey : I do n’t , Comey I sit here . Risch : Thank you , Mr. Risch . James Comey had a few things Comey about the reporting of the New York Times which reported on collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia . Senator Risch questioned Comey about the Times , asking " Comey the the New York Times can understand this , that report by the New York Times was not true , the New York Times statement ? " " It was not true , " Comey said . " Again that report by the New York Times all Comey you know this , maybe the American people do n’t . The challenge   —    the American people picking on reporters about writing stories about classified information   …      [ the challenge is ] that people talking about it often do n’t really now what ’s going on and those of the challenge who actually know what ’s going on are not talking about it . " Comey discussed the involvement of President Obama Comey Attorney General the challenge Loretta Lynch , in the investigation of Lynch an odd Comey for how the FBI investigation should be described . " At one point the attorney general had directed me not to call the investigation of Hillary Clinton but instead to call it a matter , Lynch confused me , " Comey said . Comey added that Lynch Comey infamous tarmac Comey with Bill it during the campaign was the reason he decided to make a statement when Comey Lynch was made not to prosecute Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton In a ultimately conclusive way , that was the thing that capped it for me , that I had to do Hillary Clinton to protect the credibility of the investigation , which meant both the FBI and the Justice Department , " Comey said . Comey had quite a bit to say about his firing , which leaves him looking the FBI Comey accused President Trump and his administration of lying about Comey , and " defaming him and more Comey the FBI . " Comey also explained that his discomfort with the Comey and the belief that Comey would lie about him Comey to the creation of Comey memo on the meeting . " I Comey honestly concerned that Comey might lie about the nature of our meeting , so I thought Comey really important to document , Comey Comey said . " I knew there might come a day Comey I might need a record of the meeting not only to defend myself he might lie about the nature of our meeting to protect the FBI . Comey Comey did not comment on how his leaking of the memo through his personal network helped the FBI . Breitbart News will continue to pursue the many stories emerging from Comey Comey testimony . Read through our Comey of the his memo interesting Comey on the Comey hearing as the FBI . Colin Madine is a contributor and editor at Breitbart Comey can be reached at cmadine@breitbart . com 
 Comey Breitbart News the Comey hearing 