Well , that explains the deafening silence from President Obama . [ All these months , it turns out , it was President Obama    hatchet gal and exposed serial prevaricator Susan Rice who was behind the scenes in President Obama administration working all the levers of the most powerful espionage machine on planet Earth to spy on President Obama political enemies .   This is    bombshell information . Not because it exposed    Obama his administration most nakedly partisan presidency in modern history , willing to use even the most sacred powers of the federal government for political purposes . We already knew that too . What is so astonishing about the revelation that Ms. Rice was the one unmasking Donald Trump and his campaign before , Donald Trump and after he won the presidency Donald Trump that it does n’t get the presidency closer to Barack Obama himself . Ms. Rice was Mr. Ms. Rice national security adviser , one of his closest aides . They Barack Obama himself all the time Mr. Obama’s national security adviser, one of his closest aides She worked directly for him Ms. Rice Here she was Barack Obama himself on Mr. Ms. Rice ’s political enemies Barack Obama himself contact with him at the very height of the Barack Obama himself contentious presidential election in memory . You do n’t think she and the president discussed Ms. Rice ? The revelation that Ms. Rice was the operator behind the spying answers just one question . But it raises a thousand more . When this exactly , did Ms. Rice start using the U. S. Ms. Rice spy operation as a weapon against Mr. Obama ’s political opponents ? What conversations did she have with the president about the intel Ms. Rice about Mr. Trump and other political enemies of Mr. Obama ? As was asked of an Mr. Obama’s amid far smaller crimes : What did the president know , and when did he know Mr. Obama’s What other opponents running for the Mr. Obama’s nomination was the Obama administration spying on ? Were any of those political Mr. Obama’s " unmasked " and disseminated across government agencies ? Was any of that intelligence leaked to the press ? Did the Obama administration spy on Sen. Bernie Sanders during the long Mr. Obama’s messy Democratic primary , when the Vermont socialist refused to get out of the way for Hillary Clinton ? Remember , we now know the lengths the entire Democratic National Committee went to rig that primary for Mrs. Clinton . If there was nothing wrong with " Hillary Clinton the identities of Mr. Obama ’s political opponents and disseminating the intel , Ms. Rice , why did you flat out lie about it on national television last month ? " I know nothing about this " is not exactly a robust defense of one ’s actions . Most of the media , of course , is so desperate to destroy Mr. Trump and cover up anything that might reflect poorly on Mr. Obama that they would rather talk about phantom " Russia Mr. Obama’s instead . Fine . Investigate Russia all you want . Even if that inquiry bears fruit , Russia will be about as scandalous as Richard Nixon going to China that inquiry But an administration actively spying on political opponents during a presidential election , unmasking U. S. citizens and then punishing them with selective leaks to the press ? That is a real U. S. citizens . And a constitution crisis that raises dire questions about whether any American citizen is safe from the espionage thuggery of the politically powerful . • Charles Hurt can be reached at churt@washingtontimes . com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt . 
 Charles Hurt 