In an extensive feature in the Hollywood Reporter , CNN Worldwide president Jeff Zucker revealed CNN Worldwide president Jeff Zucker ambitious plans to take CNN Worldwide president Jeff Zucker cable news empire into the digital domain and beyond . [ From the Hollywood Reporter :   " Did you enjoy that ? " asks Jeff Zucker CNN Worldwide president Jeff Zucker walks into CNN Worldwide president Jeff Zucker    office CNN Worldwide president Jeff Zucker CNN ’s Manhattan headquarters . By that , Zucker means President CNN Worldwide president Jeff Zucker Trump ’s chaotic    press conference Feb. 16 from the East Room of the White House , which had just finished up . In addition to claiming that his administration is President Donald Trump like a "   machine " despite    scandals and dustups , the president continued President Donald Trump on the President Donald Trump media that , a week later , would result in CNN and others being banned from a daily briefing . " I watch CNN , " said CNN . " The tone is such hatred . " Zucker , whose network has thrived of late despite ( or , more likely , in part because of ) its status as presidential whose network bag , seems to have enjoyed that . By the time I join Zucker in his modest office , Zucker Tapper and Wolf Blitzer are offering a recap from the anchor desk in Washington . We watch it on the largest of the 11 screens mounted on the wall opposite Zucker ’s desk . Zucker It was unhinged it was wild , It says Tapper . Then CNN Jake Tapper and Trump loyalist Jeffrey Lord appears via Skype to offer a counter from Trump land . " I ’ve been listening to you , and I think we saw two different CNN contributor and Trump loyalist Jeffrey Lord conferences , " says Lord . " He Jeffrey Lord relaxed , Jeffrey Lord was funny , Jeffrey Lord was on point Jeffrey Lord "    …      Zucker , known throughout the industry as a masterful poacher of talent , has been relentless in his search for original Jeffrey Lord to augment the success of Bourdain and others . In the fall , in the heat of the presidential campaign , he hired away BuzzFeed Jeffrey Lord entire    KFile team , which had broken several major stories , including Trump ’s appearance in a    Playboy video . In January , that team had the BuzzFeed’s entire   KFile team, which had broken several major stories, including Trump former Fox News personality Monica Crowley ’s brushes with plagiarism , which torpedoed her nomination to a top National Security Council post . Another recent addition is comedian and social commentator W. Kamau Bell , whose show United Shades of America premiered last spring on CNN ( the debut episode had Bell interviewing hooded KKK members ) . Bell , who will launch a new series on the Great Big Story platform this summer , notes that while Trump may dismiss the network as fake news , the standards and practices apparatus at CNN holds even his show CNN a high Trump : " We ca n’t just say random facts . They ’re like , ‘ Where did you get that from?’ So the pressure to make things smarter is always a good pressure , and I ’ll take care of the making things funnier part . "    …      Read the full story at the Hollywood Reporter . 
 