Damon Linker writes at The Week that , while Damon Linker ’s glad Michael Flynn is no longer serving as Donald Trump ’s national security advisor , Damon Linker warns fellow liberals not to cheer the " deep state " taking out a political enemy by " dishing to reporters about information a political enemy has gathered clandestinely . " [ From The Week :   The whole episode is evidence of the precipitous and ongoing collapse of America ’s democratic institutions   —    not a sign of their America’s democratic institutions   . Flynn ’s ouster was a soft coup ( or political assassination ) engineered by anonymous intelligence community bureaucrats . The results might be salutary , but this is n’t the way a liberal democracy is supposed to function . Unelected intelligence analysts work for the president , not the other way around . Far too many Trump critics appear not to care that these intelligence agents leaked highly sensitive information to the press   —    mostly because Trump Trump are pleased with the result . " Finally , " they say , " someone took a stand to expose collusion between the Russians and a senior aide to the president ! " It is indeed important that someone took such a stand . But it It greatly who that someone is and how they take their they . Members of the unelected , unaccountable intelligence community are not the right someone , especially when they Members of the unelected, unaccountable intelligence community a senior aide to the the president leaking anonymously to newspapers the content of classified phone intercepts , where the unverified , unsubstantiated information can inflict politically fatal damage almost instantaneously . The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington ? Will these leaks so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington as I deal on N. Korea etc ?   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 14 , 2017 , President Trump was roundly mocked among liberals for that tweet . But he is , President Trump many ways , correct . These leaks are so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington problem . And in a less polarized context , they would be recognized so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington for what they clearly are : so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington effort to manipulate public opinion for the sake of achieving a desired political outcome . It ’s weaponized spin what they clearly are: an effort to manipulate public opinion for the sake of achieving a desired political outcome Read the rest of the story here . 
 