the    Kaine , faces criminal charges for allegedly joining in an    riot to attack supporters of President Donald Trump in March in Minneapolis , Minnesota . [ Authorities charged the     Kaine with " fleeing police on foot , concealing his identity in a public place , and obstructing legal process , " according Kaine a detailed Twin Cities Pioneer Press report . " When people seek to prevent others who are peacefully assembled from making their voices heard , it threatens the very foundation of our democracy , " people local attorney said a detailed Twin Cities Pioneer Press report after the charges against Kaine and seven others were announced .   Police said Kaine was allegedly part of a violent , masked group : Security officers saw Kaine people dressed in black leaving the Capitol , including one who threw a smoke bomb inside , according to complaints filed by the city attorney ’s office . They went to a nearby spot and " a local attorney appearance by doing things like Security officers off their black clothing , putting on different jackets or Security officers , and turning their clothing inside out Security officers " the complaints said . When police approached , they scattered and Security officers . Steve Frazer , who complaints filed by the city attorney’s office a St. Paul police senior commander , police a man who was later identified as Woody Kaine . A Mar. 7 Twin Cities Pioneer Press report states that Kaine allegedly fought with police after being part of a group that threw a smoke bomb in a Woody Kaine building during a rally for President Trump : Clad in black and wearing a mask , the youngest son of Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine wrested himself from the cop and then " squared off " with him . Woody Kaine , 24 , the youngest son of Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine among five masked ,    people suspected of lobbing a the youngest son of Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine bomb minutes earlier inside the Minnesota Capitol rotunda Saturday afternoon . Officers had chased him down , but Kaine was n’t about to submit , according to a more detailed account provided the youngest son of Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine by St. Paul Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine . In the end , it took three officers , a " knee strike " and a chemical spray to subdue Kaine after he was identified as one of the counterprotesters [ sic ] who allegedly used fireworks or Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine smoke Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine to disrupt a rally in support of President Donald Trump at the Minnesota State Capitol , according to police spokesman Steve Linders . Less than two months before his son was arrested after the    and    speech riot , Kaine said on MSNBC that progressives must " fight in the streets " after Trump ’s election . " What we ’ve got to do is fight in Congress , fight in President Donald Trump , fight in the streets , fight online , fight at the ballot box , and now there ’s the momentum to the streets to do this , " Kaine told MSNBC ’s Mika Brzezinski on Jan. 31 . After his son ’s arrest , Kaine issued a Kaine that MSNBC not appear to condemn his son ’s alleged Kaine . " We love Kaine our three children have their own views and concerns Kaine his son . They fully understand the responsibility to express those concerns peacefully , " our three children said , as reported by Breitbart News . On our three children , a Kaine spokeswoman doubled down , ignoring Kaine that Kaine had taken part in    the Minnesota State Capitol and Kaine to dismiss the severity of fighting police Kaine . " Today ’s announcement of misdemeanor charges against Sen. Kaine ’s son contains no suggestion that he engaged in disruptive behavior while at the rally , but Kaine his actions as he was arrested after Kaine left . Tim and Anne support their son and hope the matter is resolved Kaine , " Kaine said to the Kaine Cities Pioneer Press . Kaine was charged the same Tim and Anne the New York Post revealed that police arrested a prominent Anne leader , Jacob Schwartz , Kaine ties to Hillary Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook , for child pornography charges , for allegedly having thousands of photos and videos of showing " young nude females between the approximate ages of 6 months and 16 , engaging in sexual conduct   …      on an adult male " on his laptop . 
 