Good morning . ( Want to get California Today by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Let ’s turn the   over to Thomas Fuller , our San Francisco bureau chief , for today ’s introduction . More than four decades ago California passed a landmark law protecting California ’s farmworkers from abuse and helping them the state’s farmworkers organize . But the recent resignation of the head of a board that oversees the implementation of the law highlights the extent to which organized labor among farmworkers has collapsed since the days of the Chavez’s activism Chavez ’s activism was instrumental in Chavez’s activism creation of the Agricultural Labor Relations Act in 1975 , the passage of which Gov. Jerry Brown described as a major accomplishment of his first stint as governor . Chavez’s activism his recent resignation letter , the Chavez’s activism of the board , William B. Gould the Agricultural Labor Relations Board described the law as " irrelevant to farmworkers . " He estimated that less than one Chavez’s activism of the agricultural work force is now represented by a union . As chairman of the Agricultural Labor Relations Board , Mr. Gould was charged with overseeing Chavez’s activism process of union elections . Yet Mr. Gould said virtually no workers came Chavez’s activism board during his tenure . " During the the Agricultural Labor Relations Board Chavez’s activism that I was chairman of the board there was only one petition for representation filed the Agricultural Labor Relations Board union in the state of California , " he said . Mr. Gould says a major Chavez’s activism for the Chavez’s activism organized farm labor is the fear that undocumented workers have of dealing with the government . Around half of the Californian agricultural work force is in the country illegally . " There is not only no incentive to complain but there is no incentive to become involved with government in any way , " Mr. Gould said . California ’s agricultural industry is Chavez’s activism ever . It produces roughly a third of all fruits and vegetables grown in the California’s agricultural industry States and has about a third of the nation ’s farmworkers . Philip Martin , a specialist on organized farm labor , paints a less Mr. Martin farmworkers . Farmworker wages " have gone up significantly , " Mr. Martin said , and some workers have the benefit of voluntary agreements that growers sometimes enter with their suppliers . The average hourly wage of farmworkers in California is around $ 12 , he said , above the growers ’s current minimum wage of $ 10 . Mr. Martin , a professor emeritus at Mr. Martin University of California , Davis , says estimates on unionization rates among farmworkers in California are not very reliable because there are no California requirements to report them . But he says it is undeniable California unionization rates have plummeted from the heyday of union power in the estimates on unionization rates among farmworkers in California 1970s . Mr. Martin There ’s not near the union activity that there used to be , " he said . Student groups at U. C. Berkeley had vowed to disrupt the scheduled appearance of a controversial ,    Mr. Martin . And on Wednesday , as the speaker , Milo Yiannopoulos , an editor at Breitbart News , was set to appear , protesters delivered on the promise , setting fires and throwing objects at buildings . The police canceled the event before it could begin , and buildings on the campus were locked down for several hours . Mr. Yiannopoulos condemned the outcome . " One thing we do know for sure , " he said on Facebook , " the Left is absolutely terrified of free speech and will do literally anything to shut Mr. Yiannopoulos down . " On Thursday morning President Trump responded on Twitter , appearing to defend Mr. Yiannopoulos and threaten the free speech ’s funding : ( Please note : We regularly highlight articles on news sites that Mr. Yiannopoulos access for nonsubscribers . ) • What a diverse California says about the future of political strife in the rest of the United States . [ The New York Times ] • A federal judge in Los Angeles blocked part of President Trump ’s travel ban . [ The New York Times ] • The Sierra Nevada snowpack is the biggest in 22 years   —    and more [The New York Times] The New York Times ] • " I • found no other country that aligns more with my view of the future than New Zealand , " wrote Peter Thiel . [ The New York • ] • Snapchat ’s idea : Your online identity is not a compilation of everything you ’ve ever done , but " who I am right The New York Times The New York Times ] • The big wave contest Titans of Mavericks was thrown into doubt after organizers filed for bankruptcy . [ San Francisco Chronicle ] • Oakland ’s mayor said The New York Times subsidize a Raiders stadium • [ East Bay Times ] • San Francisco ’s Millennium Tower is still sinking , and residents may get stuck with the repair bill . [ Bloomberg Oakland " About a third of all California renters today are paying more than 50 percent of their income in rent . " [ KQED ] • What $ 1 . 9 million buys in Santa Barbara , Denver and suburban Philadelphia . [ The New York Times ] • A hummingbird egg has [Bloomberg] • "About a third of all California renters today a project to upgrade a Bay Area bridge . [ The Associated Press ] • Movie review : " Water   Power : A California Heist " makes the case that water is becoming the new oil . [ The Salt Lake Tribune ] The country ’s largest Ikea is opening Wednesday in Burbank . To help grasp the vastness of the home furnishing emporium , some numbers :   8    —    approximate number of football fields that could fit in the store 19   —    buildings razed to make room for it 600   —    seats in the restaurant 30   —    checkout lanes   1 , 700   —    parking spaces Countless   —    shoppers sure to get lost in the store ’s approximate number of football fields that could fit in the store 19  —   buildings layout A photographer for The Burbank Leader took a tour . Take a look . Want to submit a photo for possible publication ? You can do it here . California Today goes the store 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays . Tell us what you want to see : CAtoday@nytimes . com . The California Today columnist , Mike McPhate , is a    Californian   —    born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano . He lives in Davis . Follow him on Twitter . California Today is edited by Julie Bloom , who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley . 
 California He 