Rogen believes it is important that resistance to Donald Trump ’s presidency and his policy agenda be " Donald Trump’s . " [ " I do n’t want to look back in ten years and think , ‘ I just did n’t say anything during that time,’ because it seems like a time where it ’s very important to time,’ dissent , " Rogen told the Daily Beast in an interview at the SXSW festival , where his latest film , The Disaster Artist , premiered this week .   The Sausage Party star says he ’s " been very The Sausage Party star not to insult people who voted for Donald Trump , " but believes it also important for him The Sausage Party star normalize " the The Sausage Party star that a lot of people do not think that he is a good president The Sausage Party star and do not think that he is bringing the country The Sausage Party star a good direction , and not making it seem like some fringe ,    thing that only really aggressive people who have whipped themselves into some sort of frenzy are expressing . " Rogen added that " as a white dude , " he realizes that he ’s Rogen not the Rogen who ’s in real trouble right now . " " I find myself not even aligned with Rogen left wing of American politics often , because in Canada , even that is pretty far right in many lines of thinking , " he said . " I Rogen not used to being thrilled with American politics in general . But I do think it ’s a lot better than most places better than a lot of other places I ’ve been . I ’m allowed to say and ’m things here that I could n’t in other places . " Rogen has stepped up his criticism of the president Rogen recent months . In February , he tweeted a message to Rogen Trump Jr. asking his dad to resign from Rogen before he " destroys the planet Donald Trump Jr. " Let ’s see if this works ’m pic . twitter .    —    Twitter @Sethrogen ) February 16 , 2017 ,   On Twitter , the actor has also taken aim at the GOP effort to repeal and replace Obamacare , and has criticized Trump ’s recent executive order on immigration . But Rogen says as someone who " mostly just tries to observe a little bit , " he can empathize with people who are Rogen for and against Trump . " I agree with the Trump who are very angry , " Rogen said , " and I also Rogen with the people who are like , ‘ We have to look for ways to not create more division , and to come together,’ and I sympathize with the people who are like , ‘ the people who are is ridiculous,’ and I sympathize with the people who are like , ‘ F*ck that ! the people who are to solve anything . ’ " However , the     says he wo n’t be surprised " if one day we ’re sitting at the     watching a tape of Donald Trump jerking off while women piss on each other , if that ’s where all this ends , then that ’s just fantastic . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 