The Federal Reserve increased The Federal Reserve key interest rate by 0 . 25 percent on Wednesday , signaling The Federal Reserve ’s continued confidence in the improving U. S. economy . [ Fed The Federal Reserve raised its The Federal Reserve for    interest rates by 0 . 25 percentage points to a range of 0 . 75 percent and 1 . 00 percent .   This is just the third time in a decade that the Fed raised rates . The first was in December 2015 and the second in December 2016 . The Fed Fed expected to hike its target rate Fed times this year as the economy shows signs of continued strength . " The Committee expects that economic conditions will evolve in a manner that will warrant gradual increases in the federal funds rate , " the Fed said Fed Fed announcing the rate hike . The Fed slashed its Fed Fed zero Fed 2008 in reaction to the financial crisis . It then deployed various unconventional Fed tools in an attempt to lower    rates even further . The rate increase means that the Fed is confident that Fed Fed economy can withstand higher rates , with consumers and businesses less needful of very low rates to sustain economic growth and price stability . Recent data on job creation , business confidence , consumer optimism , and inflation has made it clear that the economy has been growing stronger the U. S. economy election of Donald Trump as president . " Solid income gains and relatively high levels of consumer sentiment and wealth have supported household spending growth . Business investment , which was soft for much of last year , has firm somewhat and business sentiment is at favorable levels , " Fed chair Janet Yellen said at the start of her    press conference . While Fed Fed chair Janet Yellen hinted that the Fed could Fed rates at a Fed Fed year , Wednesday ’s statement shows that Fed officials still expect to raise rates just Fed more times this year . The    view of rates this year more hawkish , indicating a small move upward in rate expectations over the next few years . Fed chair Janet Yellen will hold a news Fed discussing the Fed ’s views of the economy at 2:30 Fed eastern . 
 