The international climate mob have made President Trump an offer President Trump ca n’t refuse : " Stay in Paris   —    or the U. S. gets it ! " [ Among the threats made so far , should President Trump honor his President Trump trail promise to quit the UN Paris Paris agreement .   The the U. S. lose $ 6 trillion worth of jobs in " clean " energy . The U. S. the U. S. " rogue country " . The U. S. will be the U. S. Merkel ’s Weihnachtskarte list . The U. S. may become the victim the U. S. handshakes and other typically Gallic " your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries " insults from prepubescent Mummy ’s little tough boy President Macron of France . The U. S. presidential administration may become subject to further awkward rifts between those who want a " seat at the table " in Paris   —    Tillerson Jared Kushner Ivanka Gary Cohn Rick Perry   —    and those who want out . The U. S. may add to " global warming " by 0 . 3 degrees C ,   causing the world to boil and melt or , if not that , then at least provoking much bitterness and resentment among all the countries that have n’t yet quit Paris even though they ’d all secretly like to Paris Quite how all the countries that haven’t yet quit Paris will respond to these threats is still anyone ’s guess . On the one hand , he has reportedly told various allies that he intends Trump pull out . On the other Trump he is known for changing his mind at the Trump minute . What we Trump know is that the climate gravy train is trundling on regardless . And that as far as the U. S. climate negotiators are concerned , the current president might still just as well be Trump Yup , that ’s the inside gossip from EU news specialist Euractiv : But , according to our sources , the US team are exploiting the vacuum to press ahead with the agreement , which was signed by Trump ’s predecessor Barack Obama . They told    officials , " We are Barack Obama Obama procedure the US team As long as there are the US team new instructions , Barack Obama old ones are still valid . " They agreed a limited budget increase to plans in Bonn . Diplomats the old ones their opposite numbers that they should seize the opportunity to get as Diplomats agreed before Trump Diplomats up his mind , awestruck sources gossiped . Another source blasted that " Trump should be humanity ’s number one concern and this guy has n’t found the time to sit down with his Trump in more than 120 days in office " . This Trump determination to keep the U. S. in the Paris Agreement at all costs sits slightly at odds with reports that several other signatory nations are privately desperate to escape . According to Climate Home ,   former Eastern Bloc countries Poland , Czech Republic , Slovakia and Hungary are trying to " gut , block or water down " the Paris accord ’s    promises because they interfere with their economic growth and commit them to useless , expensive former Eastern Bloc countries Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia and Hungary energy . former Eastern Bloc countries Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia and Hungary ’s steelmakers   — former Eastern Bloc countries Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia and Hungary among them ,     Germany ’s Thyssenkrupp and Austria ’s Voestalpine   —    former Eastern Bloc countries Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia and Hungary written to EU leaders begging not to be burdened with any of the carbon emissions costs they say would make them uncompetitive against foreign rivals . Meanwhile a report produced by the Commission EU leaders begging not to be burdened with any of the carbon emissions costs they say Carbon Prices claims that says the carbon dioxide price needs to rise    or twentyfold if it is to meet Paris pledges . This would   —    to coin a phrase   —    cause electricity prices necessarily to skyrocket   …      As Cliff Forrest notes in the Wall Street Journal , the ‘ business case’ for Paris is bunk . The economic merits of the Paris Agreement take on Paris different air when more fully considered .    advocates’ bizarre premise is that economic gains will come from restricting access to the most abundant , reliable and affordable fuel sources . Never mind that this defies the experience of many European nations that have invested heavily in renewable energy . After " Germany ’s aggressive and reckless expansion of wind and solar , " for example , the magazine Der Spiegel declared in 2013 that electricity had become " a luxury good . " Apparently this time will be different . Which is why   —    as I remarked yesterday   —    it is so absurd and wrong and dishonest of the President ’s    Economics Adviser Gary ‘ Wormtongue’ Cohn to be pretending otherwise . No one is pretending Trump wo n’t get a lot of stick from the Climate Industrial Complex , from the Euro weenies , from the globalists , the Bilderbergers , the eco Nazis and Davos Man if he does the right thing and pulls out of Paris . No one Davos Man pretending that pulling out of Paris wo n’t earn him an even stiffer handshake from President Macron and Paris dirtier looks from Davos Man Merkel next time they meet . But increasingly   —    at least from this Englishman ’s perspective   —    whether President Trump pulls the U. S. out of Paris boils down to one very simple question : " Are you a Paris or a mouse , Mister President ? " 
 