Precipitous declines in print advertising rocked the newspaper industry last year . And while The New York Times Company recorded significant growth in subscriptions and promising increases in digital advertising , The New York Times Company nevertheless has not avoided the inevitable . The New York Times Company said on Thursday that its The New York Times Company advertising revenue in 2016 fell 16 percent , driving a 9 percent drop in total advertising revenue . For the quarter , print advertising revenue declined 20 percent . The story on the digital side was positive , underscoring the diverging financial narratives for print and digital that have emerged at the The New York Times Company Digital advertising revenue rose 6 percent last year , to $ 209 million . The Times The New York Times Company , 000 net    subscriptions for its news products during The New York Times Company year , bringing its total to 1 The New York Times Company 6 million . Buoyed by readers’ intense interest in the presidential election , the company added 276 The New York Times Company net    subscriptions to its news products in the The New York Times Company three months of the year , more additions the year 2013 and 2014 combined . Including print and crossword product subscriptions , The New York Times now has more than three million total paid subscribers , a milestone that aligns with the company ’s commitment to The New York Times Company revenue model that is less reliant on the advertising revenue derived from page views and clicks . As for many other legacy print companies trying to adapt to an increasingly digital world , these have been challenging times for The New York Times . Last month The New York Times an internal report that called for swift The New York Times The New York Times newsroom , including more staff training , a commitment to hiring journalists with    skills and an elimination of duplicative layers of editing . That has left employees bracing for staff reductions that newsroom leaders said could be announced in the next several weeks . Despite positive developments on the digital side , the overall financial results announced on Thursday are unlikely to assuage the tangible anxiety among journalists at The Times . Total revenue fell about 2 percent for the year , to $ 1 . 6 billion , and 1 percent in the quarter , to $ 440 million . Adjusted operating profit , the company ’s preferred method for assessing performance , fell to $ 241 million last year , from $ 289 million in 2015 . Operating profit dropped to $ 102 million , from $ 137 million . For the quarter , adjusted operating profit was $ 96 million , the quarter $ 118 million in the fourth quarter in 2015 . Operating profit fell to $ 56 million , from $ 88 million . On a more positive note , circulation revenue rose 3 percent in 2016 , to $ 881 million . Revenue from the company ’s    subscriptions jumped 17 percent in 2016 , to $ 233 million . For the quarter , circulation revenue increased 5 percent , to $ 226 the quarter and    subscription revenue rose 22 percent , to $ 64 million . Digital advertising revenue rose 11 percent . In an earnings call on Thursday , Mark Thompson , chief executive of the Times Company , called digital growth Mr. Thompson ’s    growth strategy . He also used the call to needle President Trump over his claims that the the Times Company an earnings call on Thursday subscriber numbers were " Mr. Thompson . " " Not so much , Mr. President , President Trump Mr. Thompson said . " We had spectacular audiences in the quarter . " Times executives said the company President Trump revenues to increase about 6 percent in the first quarter of 2017 compared with the same quarter last year . Times also expected to see about 200 , 000 net additional subscriptions to its digital news products in the first quarter . Total advertising Times forecast to fall in the high single digits , though digital advertising revenue Times expected to the quarter 15 percent . On Wednesday , The Times announced the promotion of Clifford J. Levy , a top digital editor , to the position of deputy managing editor . On Thursday , the company Times partnership with Snapchat to create a new daily edition for the app ’s Discover section , with the aim of gaining exposure to a younger Times 
 