President Trump addressed the failure of the Obamacare replacement bill for the first time on Twitter after Congress pulled the Obamacare replacement bill from the House floor . [ President Trump tweeted :   ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE . Do not worry !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 25 , 2017 ,   " ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE THE PEOPLE Do not worry ! " President Trump wrote on Twitter . The House the American Health Care Act from the House floor Friday after it became clear the American Health Care Act the House House able to secure enough votes for the bill ’s passage . President Trump told the media Friday afternoon that the bill ’s failure the bill’s put together a better healthcare plan , but President Trump also blamed the Democrats for opposing the bill . " Certainly for the bill’s was a very interesting experience , the bill’s for me , it ’ll be an experience me leads the bill’s an even better healthcare plan , " President Trump said . " We were very close . It was a very tight margin . We had no Democrat support , no We from the Democrats , " he added . the Democrats singled out House Democrat Leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer as the reason for the bill ’s failure . " The losers are Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer , because they own Obamacare . They 100 % own The losers , " President Trump The losers . " They 100% Obamacare for a little while longer The losers it Obamacare to exist , which it will Obamacare some point in the near Obamacare . " Speaker of the House Paul Ryan said Friday that the failure of the Obamacare replacement bill will make tax reform harder but not " impossible " after the White House sent a message that President the House reform and infrastructure agenda will not be affected by the failed healthcare bill . 
 the Obamacare replacement bill 