   Donald Trump fires back , after Hollywood actress Meryl Streep ’s    tirade during the Golden Globe awards . [ " Meryl Streep , one of the most    actresses in Hollywood , does n’t know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes , "   Donald Trump writes on Twitter . " She is a Hillary flunky who lost big . "   Hollywood actress Meryl Streep accused of   Donald Trump making fun of a disabled reporter , lamenting that the event " sank   Donald Trump hooks in my heart . " " It kind of broke my heart when I saw it It and I still ca n’t get it It of my head because it It n’t in a movie it It real life , " Hollywood actress Meryl Streep said . But   Donald Trump argued that   Donald Trump was simply showing the reporter " groveling " for changing a 16 year old story to make   Donald Trump look bad . " Just more very dishonest media ! "   Donald Trump concluded . Streep vocally supported Hillary Clinton in the 2016 campaign , and boldly celebrated that she Streep be the first woman president in a DNC convention speech .   " You ’re gon na make history again in November . Because Hillary Hillary Clinton be our first woman president . And she will Hillary Clinton a great president , " Streep Streep at the time . " And she will Hillary Clinton the first in a long line of women . And men . Who serve with grit and grace . " In June 2016 , Streep Streep did an unflattering Trump impression during a performance at the Public Theater Gala , as she Streep a spray tan on her Streep and sang for the audience .   She Streep gave a tribute speech to Hillary Clinton during a 2012 Women in the World summit .   In December 1 , 2012 , Streep Streep selfies with Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton Streep another run for president . During her Streep a tribute speech Streep that Trump would make the country worse . " Disrespect invites disrespect , violence incites violence . When the powerful use their position to bully others , we all lose , " she Streep . " Disrespect invites disrespect " Meryl Streep pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) January 9 , 2017 , 
 