Documentary filmmaker and    activist Michael Moore plans to take on President Donald Trump in an original    Broadway show . [ " I ’m in a ‘ take no prisoners’ mode , " Michael Moore said Monday during a press conference at Sardi ’s in New York City , according to the Hollywood Reporter . " We ’ve seen newspapers take down presidents , TV shows bring down CEOs , books have taken down the powerful   —    art forms have contributed to making things better . Why do n’t we see if every night   —    and twice in the afternoon for 12 weeks   —    if a piece of the Belasco Theater could raise enough of a ruckus to discombobulate a man sitting in the Oval Office ? "   " I do n’t know , but I ’d like to find out . Hey , stranger things have happened in the last year , " Moore added . The Terms of My Surrender will reportedly run for 12 weeks at the Belasco Theater , and will be directed by    Michael Mayer . Tony    David Rockwell will design the set . Production for the show is being led by IMG Original Content . " I operate with the hope that Tony   David Rockwell wo n’t be president for very long , " Moore said Monday . " This is a limited    run , I guess I would like Trump to have the same thing . Should Trump not be President by the end of the run , if you have tickets for the last week , it ’ll still be as good as the first week . " Moore , who was one of the first celebrities to successfully predict Trump election , made his Trump standing next to a production prop that poses the question : " Can a Broadway show bring down a sitting president ? " Michael Moore ( @MMFlint ) unveils    Broadway play , including    excursions to Trump Tower https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Ashley Lee ( @cashleelee ) May 1 , 2017 ,   In an interview with the New York Times , Moore Michael Moore (@MMFlint) the play as a humorous take on a " country that ’s just elected a madman   —    I mean , there ’s really no other way to put it . " " We ’re 10 blocks from Trump Trump Tower we ’re We the corporate capital of America , we ’re We the financial capital of America , America ’re We the media capital of America , America Moore Michael Moore (@MMFlint) the Times . " If one was going to stand on a stage and do the things that I ’m going to do , there ’s only one place to do it , and it ’s it in this city and it ’s it here at the epicenter of creative expression and free speech . " Moore Michael Moore (@MMFlint) reporters at Monday ’s press conference that he Michael Moore (@MMFlint) President Trump or Vice President Mike Pence will come see the Broadway show . The       President Trump or Vice President Mike Pence that his Michael Moore (@MMFlint) will the Broadway show message that will appeal to Republicans and middle America . " I have found that Republicans or conservatives often will come to my films in part because I speak the language of the Midwest the people who voted for Trump are my neighbors , " Moore said . " I ’m always excited to talk to them . I ’ve Republicans or conservatives since the election that people who voted for Trump will stop and Trump to me on the street because before the election , I was the only liberal who said he was gon na Trump . I took it seriously . I did n’t think it was just a joke . " " As far as preaching to the choir , it ’s been rough for tens of millions of Americans since the 8th of November , " Moore added . " Sometimes the choir needs a the choir sing , and this is a necessary and important moment to provide that . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 