Immediately after the cancellation of the House vote on the American Health Care Act ( AHCA ) Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards sent out a fundraising email to Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards supporters , crediting her supporters with stopping the vote on the bill . [ " Paul Ryan and Donald Trump tried forcing through the worst legislation for women in a generation , " Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards says . " Paul Ryan and Donald Trump were    on stripping health care from 24 million people , cutting essentials like maternity care , and blocking women from getting care at Planned Parenthood health centers . "   Because people organized and spoke out , tomorrow 8 , 118 people will be able to get care at Planned Parenthood health centers across America .   —    Cecile Richards ( @CecileRichards ) March 24 , 2017 ,   Great to have so many women ’s health experts around the table discussing ending maternity coverage   blocking access to Planned Planned Parenthood pic . twitter .    —    Cecile Richards ( @CecileRichards ) March 23 , 2017 ,   For awhile , Planned Parenthood Planned Parenthood its " prenatal Planned Parenthood . " Once it was realized Planned Parenthood these services were its "prenatal services    for the most part , " fake news "   —    the abortion chain began boasting about its " maternity Planned Parenthood , " largely to justify its more than Planned Parenthood a billion dollars annually in taxpayer funding .   " The reality is , Planned Parenthood does Planned Parenthood , performs less than two percent of women ’s cancer screenings in the U. S. offers virtually no prenatal care , yet does over a third of the nation ’s abortions   —    887 abortions every day , " says Lila Rose , president of national    group Live Action . Rose ’s organization recently released another investigative video in which Planned Parenthood staff members throughout the country are repeatedly heard the nation investigator that their clinics do not offer " Planned Parenthood staff members throughout the country care . " " Live Action ’s recent investigation has shown that women wanting to keep their children who were seeking prenatal care at Planned Parenthoods across the country were consistently turned away the nation Planned Parenthood ’s claims that its federal funding goes toward prenatal care Planned Parenthood’s " Rose says . " When subsequently asked , the abortion chain has refused to tell the media how many of its centers actually provide prenatal care . the abortion chain In her email message , Richards says to Richards supporters , " Your strength was Richards greater than theirs . The unprecedented grassroots energy from her supporters and the entire Planned Parenthood community helped stop this bill from even leaving the House . " " The incredible support of the Planned Parenthood community just made all the difference in stopping this dangerous bill right now , " this bill " Our voices together Richards loud enough to drown out the    politicians   —    and we ’ll need you with us for whatever comes next . " 
 we 