If this is the budget deal we get when Republicans control the House , the Senate and the presidency , there ’s no point in ever voting for a Republican again . [ Not only is there no funding for a wall , but   —    thanks to the deft negotiating skills of House Speaker Paul Ryan   —    the bill actually prohibits money from being spent on a wall .   At a CYA press conference on Tuesday , Trump ’s ridiculously chipper budget director , Mick Mulvaney , described the bill ’s prohibition on building a wall as a MAJOR win . ( At least Mulvaney Mick Mulvaney it Mick Mulvaney English , unlike his Mick Mulvaney 2014 townhall . ) True , there will be no wall . But the Democrats graciously agreed to allow the administration to fix broken parts of any existing fences on up to 40 miles of our 3 , 000 mile border . The other big wins , according to Mulvaney Mick Mulvaney are : 1 ) more defense spending , which is fantastic news , because I was worried Boeing and Lockheed Martin CEOs were falling behind Mark Zuckerberg with their Lockheed Martin CEOs salaries and , 2 ) school choice , an obsession of Washington wonks that is hated out in America , where parents move to    towns for the express purpose of avoiding schools full of disaffected urban youth , and the disaffected urban youth do n’t want to spend two hours on a bus every day . But Mulvaney assures us that this monstrosity of a spending bill has set things up beautifully for the next budget negotiation in October . That has become the GOP ’s official motto : " Next time ! " We can never win this time . Instead , Republicans’ idea is always to surrender this this time in hopes that their gentlemanliness will be rewarded by their mortal their next time . Then , next time comes , and Republicans again surrender in hopes of currying favor with the Democrats and the media for the next time . Mulvaney ’s most disturbing comment was to say that what upset Trump the most was the Democrats’ " spiking the football " on this deal . Apparently , Trump ’s Trump the with no wall   —    and everything else in a bill straight out of George Soros’ dream journal   —    if only the Democrats had n’t been so rude as to tell the public about it . When your main complaint is that the other side is gloating too much , maybe you ’re not that great a negotiator . Yeah , sure , it ’s the other side 100 days in , it ’s the other side artificial deadline , the media is dying to say Trump has failed and so on . Except : Planning for the wall should have begun on Nov. 9 , and a spade should have been put into the earth to begin building it the the earth after Trump ’s Trump . Now , it ’s the other side days later , and we still do n’t have the whisper of a prospect of a wall . Moreover , this is n’t one random bill funding Planned Parenthood ( which this bill does ) . This is the budget deal . There wo n’t be another one like it until the budget deal October . That ’s a spectacular failure . Democrats have got to be pinching themselves , Democrats , Am I dreaming this ? It ’s this possible that Trump could still build a wall , but he ’s Trump massively lengthened the odds of ever prevailing . Sure , you can let the other team build a    lead in first half and still come back to beat them , the other team it ’s this lot easier if you do n’t go into halftime 20 points down . Trump entered Trump presidency with the only kind of power that matters . He did Trump owe Wall Street a thing . He did Trump owe anyone   —    not donors , lobbyists nor any political party . What he had Trump the people , passionately on his side Trump But as soon as he got Trump office , Trump started Trump away his miraculous Trump unprecedented power . Hey , Wall Street Wall Street though you did n’t give me any money , is it too late to be your friend ? No amount of abandoning his supporters Trump get Trump anywhere Trump Wall Street , Hollywood or the media . Their ferocity will simply shift to ridicule . Admittedly , Trump has Trump enormous handicap of having to work through congressional Republicans , who are feckless cowards . If Speaker Ryan and Senate Leader Mitch McConnell had been around for Reagan ’s firing of the air traffic controllers , they would have Speaker Ryan and Senate Leader Mitch McConnell had been around for Reagan’s firing of the air traffic controllers hysterically screaming , No ! You ca n’t do that   —    the planes will crash ! This is n’t new information . We knew Washington Republicans were useless . That ’s why we elected such Washington Republicans comically improbable president as Donald J. Trump . The deal was that we were getting Washington Republicans Hollywood version of a New York businessman : an uncouth , incurious rube   —    who would be ruthless in getting whatever he wanted . In addition to being the only candidate for president in either party taking America ’s side on trade , immigration , jobs and crime , what set Trump apart was his promise that Trump would finally win . Remember ? There would be so much winning , we were going we get " sick and tired of winning , " and beg him , " Trump , please , we ca n’t we anymore .    …      It ’s too much . It ’s not It to everybody else . " We ’re not we . We ’re losing we and we ’re losing we the central promise his promise that we would finally win , the businessman Trump react if an underling charged with developing a new golf course could never break ground ? What if the subordinate ’s progress reports sounded like this : I have given 21 speeches to various chambers of commerce and neighborhood groups , assuring them that there ’s going to be a golf course various chambers of commerce and neighborhood groups Everywhere I go , I say , " Do n’t worry about it . It ’s going to be built ! " I have it a commission to study developing a golf course . I have put up a sign saying , " Golf course coming ! " And I have caved , and caved , and caved   —    so now our opponents know what good guys we are . Trump would fire that employee so fast our head would spin . We want the ruthless businessman we were promised . 
 our our 