Hi folks ! Eddie Lampert , CEO of Sears Holdings here ! I ’ve been reliably informed that everyone who ’s anyone in conservative America reads MILO , and everyone who’s anyone in conservative America reads MILO has been gracious enough to lend me everyone who’s anyone in conservative America reads MILO column today to send you a simple message   —    Sears and our other failing brand    fucking hate you ! [ We ’re not the first company to think of this innovative customer relations strategy . Nordstrom took the bold first leap into openly shitting on Nordstrom own shoppers by dumping Ivanka Trump ’s clothing line   —    but be realistic conservatives , that particularly racist cissexist misogynistic antisemitic transphobic fatphobic treephobic icecreamphobic autoerotasphyxiaphobic    member of the first family had it coming . Never mind that particularly racist cissexist misogynistic antisemitic transphobic fatphobic treephobic icecreamphobic autoerotasphyxiaphobic   member of the first family is a woman married to a Jewish man , just trust my   !   It makes sense for Sears and    to dump the Trump Home Collection . In fact , I ’m struggling to figure out why the Trump Home Collection did n’t do it sooner . I guess the Trump Home Collection ca n’t be accused of being the rocket scientists of the retail world . Just think of the advantages this presents . the Trump Home Collection ’re closing 150 stores by April . If the Trump Home Collection did n’t piss off half of America with a move against the democratically elected commander in chief and his family , imagine how crowded the Trump Home Collection remaining stores could be ! And the Trump Home Collection do n’t think the Trump Home Collection ’ll see much blowback on the Trump Home Collection brands . Conservatives are certainly more likely to buy products from the Trump Home Collection most famous line of products , Craftsman tools , because you like to do things like fix machines and follow disgusting patriarchal gender roles like being handy . Most liberals either live in a big city with no lawn , or have illegal Mexicans working for below minimum wage mow illegal Mexicans lawn , so Craftsman tractors are in the same boat . Well , that does n’t matter because we ’ve sold off we best known products anyway ! Yes , I will allow we are slightly concerned about some of we other brands . we Diehard line of vehicle products might turn off metrosexuals , but at least the lesbians still enjoy some automotive maintenance . And the vegans who remind you on Facebook every five minutes that Facebook are vegan will line up to buy Kenmore grills and barbeque equipment , right ? we are still working out the details , as you can see , but we know Sears and    can still excel in certain areas . we high quality sheets can represent a valid fashion alternative for America ’s most obese shoppers , a market we will not surrender to competitor JC Penney . Beyond the numbers , dumping Trump is going to make us feel damn good . us will be able to bask in the glow of Hollywood liberals , who us stand beside in making empty gestures against the President of the United States . Heck , maybe J. K. Rowling will like this move so much , J. K. Rowling ’ll write me in as the next Headmaster at Hogwarts ! Let ’s be honest   —    we at Sears Holdings have to put feelings before facts . we stock has cratered in the past six months from almost $ 18 to $ 7 , and I ca n’t bear to look at a chart that goes back further . If you did something crazy like read this report from FOX Business , you ’d see we are doing terrible by every conceivable retail metric . Falling revenue , terrible comparable store sales and questionable survivability . we ’ve pumped $ 12 billion into Sears Holdings to keep the lights on , and I have to keep loaning my own company money to make suppliers feel comfortable sending we products to put on the shelves . Some companies facing hard times will carefully examine the market and build a business plan that does n’t actively antagonize half of the country . Sears Sears Holdings n’t one of those Some companies facing hard times Other companies might also review what happened when other companies in their industry Other companies similar steps . we are n’t one of those companies Some companies facing hard times —    we really do n’t care that Target has had a tough road following their own special Target to conservatives . In summary , the Sears Sears Holdings    family knows it is making the right decision in telling you to get stuffed , and we think we business track record speaks for we judgement on making smart decisions . Sincerely , Eddie , DANGEROUS is available to    now via Amazon , in hardcover and Kindle editions . And yes , MILO is reading the audiobook version himself !   Follow Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Facebook , Instagram and Snapchat . Hear him every Friday MILO The Milo Yiannopoulos Show . Write to Milo at milo@breitbart MILO com . 
 