Shannon Sharpe ,    of Fox Sports’ " Skip and Shannon : Undisputed , " advised members of the New England Patriots to boycott the visit to the White House the White House earned by winning Super Bowl LI . [ During his Wednesday broadcast , Sharpe and    Skip Bayless discussed the dilemma some members of the New England Patriots have expressed over their some members of the Patriots to Donald Trump ’s White the White House During the discussion Sharpe said Sharpe the entire team should unite with a boycott and send a message by breaking the Super Bowl championship tradition .   The hosts revealed that two members of the the New England Patriots already said they wo n’t two members of the Patriots going to Washington both Martellus Bennett and Devin McCourty have announced their intention to two members of the Patriots the team ’s the entire team visit . Sharpe said that McCourtney in particular had given " very sound , resonating " reasons for his decision .   Sharpe excused his thought Sharpe turn Sharpe Super Bowl into a platform for Black Lives    politics , insisting that athletes do n’t want to " stick to sports " any more . " Athletes in today ’s time , we ’re starting to see athletes saying ‘ I do not only want athletic greatness , I want moral greatness as well.’ See , he ’s thinking with ‘ conscience and his ‘ , " ‘ said . " ‘ lot of the things going on , a lot of the policies being implemented does n’t necessarily affect him directly , " ‘ continued . " ‘ ’s financially secure ‘ the NFL pays for his insurance . So ‘ , he ’s really not ‘ by this   —    but these athletes of today ’s time say ‘ there ’s something greater,’ there ’s no more ‘ just stick to sports.’ You hear that a lot , Skip . ‘ Just stick to sports . ’ " Sharpe claimed that many athletes are simply acting like " prudent human beings " and have decided what is going on in American society today is " not acceptable . " And I can not in good conscience , although we won this as a team   —    and I would love to share in this moment as a team   —    I can not in good conscience not in good conscience I think this president is standing for , what he ’s saying , the policies he this president implementing are harming the minority this president . I am a minority . Whether it be black , the Latino community , the immigration ban , LGBT   —    whatever it may be , you ’re starting to see athletes take a much more of a stance . Because in the past , if you had a brand , you were making money , you do not do anything to upset the    or the people that ’s buying that product . You keep your mouth shut . Ultimately , Sharpe decided that being on the " wrong side of history " needs to be avoided . Now , with this president , President Trump , in office , he ’s going to ask you to Sharpe an honest question of yourself . ‘ What side of history do you want to be on?’ Are you going to be on the side of history that ’s a bridge and that ’s trying to bring people together , or are you a part of the wall , that ’s trying to tear people apart ? That ’s the question that athletes are asking themselves , and you ’re starting to athletes more and more saying ‘ you know what ? I want to be on the side of history that ’s positive , that ’s bringing people together . " Sharpe said that the members of the Patriots refusing to go to the White House " are to be commended . " Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 