Scott Adams has gone    climate denialist in Scott Adams latest Dilbert strip , causing liberal heads to explode . [   Some of Scott Adams old fans just are n’t happy at this betrayal of The Cause : it ’s a shame to see this as I used to think Scott Adams was very funny . The Way of the Weasel was an awesome book . The Way of the Weasel could be dementia   —    that is a thing that happens to people   On Scott Adams , Scott Adams comic strip and thought processes have pretty clearly jumped the shark , No doubt the shark is an accident of the pen . But the " climate scientist " in the cartoon bears more than a passing resemblance to Michael Mann , globally renowned inventor of the " Hockey Stick " and winner   —    or so the "climate scientist" in the cartoon used to claim till the "climate scientist" in the cartoon got rumbled   —    of the Nobel Prize . As Homer would say , the cartoon is funny because it the cartoon true . In fact it the cartoon up pretty much everything the layman needs to know about the state of climate " science " and how it the cartoon the public trust . So , it the cartoon with truths which are widely accepted   —    " the basic science of physics and chemistry " . Then   —    like a street magician or a confidence trickster   —    it slips quickly from the realm of evident truth into a world of illusion : " We put that data into dozens of different climate models and ignore the ones that look wrong to us We " Anyone who questions this groupthink is labelled a " science denier . " But as Adams has grasped it this groupthink nothing to do with science . Rather it this groupthink about the politically driven misapplication of models which have no    basis . This cartoon is by no means Adams Adams first brush with WrongThink . In September last year , he Adams more liberal heads to explode by publicly switching his Adams from Hillary Clinton to Donald Trump . One of his Adams insights was that Trump Donald Trump is actually a sign of emotional intelligence and    skills rather than a sign   —    as the progressives continue to believe   —    that he Adams a dangerous lunatic . Trump " Donald Trump " the public   —    meaning he matches Donald Trump in Donald Trump emotional Donald Trump , and then some . He does Donald Trump with his extreme Donald Trump on immigration , fighting ISIS ,     etc . Once Trump has Donald Trump himself as Donald Trump biggest    on the topic , he is Donald Trump to " lead , " which we see him do Donald Trump softening his deportation Donald Trump , limiting his     Donald Trump to Chicago , reversing his first Donald Trump on penalties for abortion , and so on . If you are not trained in persuasion , Trump look scary . If you understand pacing and leading , you might see him as Trump safest candidate who has ever gotten this close to the presidency . That ’s how I see him . Trump Dilbert has gone fascist " Salon ’s Amanda Marcotte responded , with typical verve , wit and lightness of touch . Then in March this year , the    blackshirted cartoonist caused further outrage by composing one of the best essays ever written as to why the claims of climate alarmists should be taken with a huge pinch of salt . It was titled How To Convince Skeptics That Climate Change Is A Problem . Here are two of my favorite entries : Do n’t tell me how well your models predict the past . Tell me how many climate models have ever been created , since we started doing this sort of thing , and tell me how many have now been discarded because they did n’t predict correctly . If the answer is " All of the old ones failed and we were we surprised because they were All of the old ones at hindcasting , " then why would I trust the new ones ? and , If skeptics make you retreat to Pascal ’s Wager as your main argument for aggressively responding the climate change , please understand that you lost the debate . The world is full of risks that might happen . We do we treat all of them as real . And we ca we rank any of these risks to know how to allocate our capital we the best path . Should we put a trillion dollars into climate remediation or use that money for a missile defense system to better protect us from North Korea ? Needless to say , this also caused liberal heads to explode . Here ’s a sample from one particularly virulent climate activist . None of Adams’ concepts are supported in any manner . He produces one particularly virulent climate activist research tied to it . There is no rigorous method applied to rationalize it . it ’s it more than cultish ramblings validated by a small loyal following acquired through his previous one particularly virulent climate activist as a cartoonist . As Adams must be painfully aware by now , when you ’re taking flak it means it ’re over the target . Carry on Scott ! 
 