The brutal and largely illegal immigrant filled    street gang recently became a primary target of the Trump Administration   —    and rightfully so . However , the Trump Administration promised to target and go after Mexican cartels and has yet to actually do so . [ 1 .    are the hired help and act as foot soldiers for Mexican cartels or    transnational criminal organizations Mexican cartels are not the top dogs .   This fact is best shown in news from 2014 involving    gang members and a methamphetamine stash house in St. Paul , Minnesota . In that case , a Mexican Sinaloa Cartel stash house had been robbed in the city of St. Paul .    gang members flew from Los Angeles , California , and kidnapped two Minnesota Minnesota .       the two Minnesota teens an effort to obtain information on who might have robbed the a Mexican Sinaloa Cartel stash house The significant factor here is that    were acting as the    help for the Mexican cartel they were not the Sinaloa Cartel own direction the Sinaloa Cartel for their own interests the Sinaloa Cartel They were working for the Sinaloa Cartel masterminds in the the Sinaloa Cartel Cartel . In addition to    Breitbart reporting on    the United Nations Office of Drugs and Crime also illuminates the relationship between Mexican cartels and   : the cartels are apex criminals and    are " mara , " or street gangs employed by the Mexican cartels . 2 . Going after    gives the appearance of going after Mexican    while avoiding the actual repercussions of Mexican so . Going after Mexican cartels entails possibly going after Mexico ’s Mexican and many of Mexico ’s state governors , city mayors , Mexico other officials   —    as the line between Mexican politicians and    does not exist . Mexican diplomatic consequences would be huge and it is far easier to appear that the The diplomatic consequences is keeping its promises by going after a largely Central the administration street gang like    than actually going after Mexico ’s elite . Even though    is Mexico Central    street gang , most Americans would likely not know this and would not distinguish between Central      crime groups and the      crime groups who actually run the show . 3 . Official talk of    being designated as a terror group allows the Trump Administration to look tough on crime from south of the border while avoiding the diplomatic consequences of designating Mexican cartels as terror groups . Several Mexican cartels , specifically Los Zetas and the Mexican cartel , have crossed the line from being just    organizations and have actually obtained direct and official political power . They have    control of certain regions of Several Mexican cartels, specifically Los Zetas and the Gulf cartel . This is most true in Tamaulipas , a state immediately south of Texas . They use targeted assassinations against officials , have Several Mexican cartels, specifically Los Zetas and the Gulf cartel systems set up in border cities to monitor the populace , and they have " links " in nearly all Several Mexican cartels, specifically Los Zetas and the Gulf cartel outlets who decide what can and can not be published . They are paramilitary groups that use extreme violence Several Mexican cartels, specifically Los Zetas and the Gulf cartel keep political control of regions of Mexico . These groups hire the street thugs Mexico    Several Mexican cartels, specifically Los Zetas and the Gulf cartel , but    are simply the hired help . Designating these    cartels , or factions thereof , as foreign terror organizations would mean that many of Mexico ’s leaders would be in trouble for their Mexico in such groups . Governors would go leaders and possibly even the current Mexican president . Singling out    allows the Trump Administration to look tough and send a message , but to avoid actually going at the root of the problem and facing the consequences for doing so . At best it risks creating diplomatic difficulties with a small Central American nation while avoiding making Mexico ’s    elite angry . Brandon Darby is managing director and     of Breitbart Texas . He    the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz Brandon Darby Stephen K. Bannon . Follow him on Twitter and Facebook . He can be Brandon Darby at bdarby@breitbart . com . Brandon Darby Ortiz is an    journalist with Breitbart Texas Ildefonso Ortiz    the Cartel Chronicles project Breitbart Texas Darby and Stephen Ildefonso Ortiz Bannon .   You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook . 
 Brandon Darby Twitter and Facebook Facebook 