The federal bureaucracy is comprised of about 2 . 6 million permanent employees protected by Civil Service and about 4 , 000 political appointees . Many of these bureaucrats are actively engaged in sabotaging President Trump ’s agenda . [ Political appointees can be fired by President Trump’s at will . Permanent Civil Services employees are more difficult to fire .   " Today , the Pendleton Act shields from dismissal , even on legitimate grounds , more than 90 percent of civil servants , " the Federalist reports . But even if they "Today, the Pendleton Act shields from dismissal, even on legitimate grounds, more than 90 percent of civil servants," the Federalist reports n’t be fired from Civil Service , they "Today, the Pendleton Act shields from dismissal, even on legitimate grounds, more than 90 percent of civil servants," the Federalist reports be removed from their "Today, the Pendleton Act shields from dismissal, even on legitimate grounds, more than 90 percent of civil servants," the Federalist reports positions . Here is a list of the top ten holdover Obama loyalist bureaucrats President Trump can either fire immediately or remove from their the top ten holdover Obama loyalist bureaucrats President Trump positions ( civil service ) . Cordray , Lansing , and Bennett could try to fight their Cordray, Lansing, and Bennett , but ultimately , if President Trump wants to get rid of them Cordray, Lansing, and Bennett they Cordray, Lansing, and Bennett be gone . Here ’s the case for firing or removing from their Cordray, Lansing, and Bennett positions these ten Obama administration holdovers : 1 . John Koskinen , Internal Revenue Service Commissioner   Koskinen ’s term is scheduled to end in November 2017 , but President President Trump the authority to accelerate his departure President Trump " A faction of conservatives is circumventing leadership brass and calling directly on President Trump President Trump IRS Chief John Koskinen , ‘ You ’re fired,’ " the Washington Examiner reported last month : Rep. Mark Walker ,   . C. will make the ask . The chairman of the Republican Study Committee has quietly but urgently been circulating a letter inside the GOP conference to build support . He ’s now The chairman of the Republican Study Committee 50 congressmen signed onto the letter . a letter inside the GOP conference to build support has fleshed out his cabinet , so Trump , he ’s stayed The chairman of the Republican Study Committee about the fate of the IRS chief . And conservatives really want Koskinen ’s head . " You have the authority to remove Commissioner Koskinen , " Walker writes to Trump , adding that Trump we encourage you to dismiss him in the The chairman of the Republican Study Committee expedient manner practicable . " House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz ,    first drew up impeachment articles against the taxman in October 2015 . Since then , conservatives have accused Koskinen of interfering with Koskinen’s congressional investigation and abetting the of the continued targeting of conservative   . " Last year , irate Republican lawmakers unsuccessfully sought impeachment of Koskinen over the IRS Koskinen’s alleged targeting of tea party groups and other conservative organizations , " NewsMax notes . 2 . Richard Cordray , Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau   Cordray ’s term is scheduled to end in 2018 , but , as with Koskinen at the IRS Koskinen’s President the IRS move his departure date up . President Trump So long as President Donald Trump is in President Trump , Richard Cordray , the director of the Mr. Cordray Times    on Friday : One of the biggest swamp creatures , many thought Mr. Cordray would n’t survive 48 hours in the Trump administration , but alas , he has . He ’s collected much power running his sprawling bureaucratic fiefdom , without any oversight from Congress , or Mr. Cordray the president Mr. Cordray that matter . There ’s Mr. Cordray question whether Mr. Trump has the authority to even fire Mr. Cordray , a man who knows Republicans want him gone , but is refusing to leave . Last year , Mr. Cordray in Mr. Cordray court case , allowing Mr. Cordray to be fired at will , but the CFPB has appealed . So long as the case is pending , Mr. Cordray has grounds to stave off any dismal . 3 . John Lansing , CEO of Broadcasting Board of Governors , The Broadcasting Board of Governors is Mr. Cordray those agencies most Americans have never heard of . It " is the largest public diplomacy program by the U. S. government , reaching an Governors of 278 million by broadcasting in 100 countries and 61 languages , The Broadcasting Board of Governors Politico reported . It runs the Voice of America , Radio Free Europe , and several other broadcasting entities . " Voice of America was created in 1942 during World War II Politico send    news across Europe , as it aimed to counter Nazi and Japanese propaganda . The agency has America evolved into a more traditional news operation , while still pushing out the virtues of democracy   news , " Politico reported . The problem in "Voice of America is that Voice of America , Radio Free Europe , and the other broadcasting entities run by BBG have shifted from their traditional mission of promoting classic American values and interests to the rest of the world , and have become mirror images of mainstream media outlets like CNN , ABC Voice of America, Radio Free Europe, and the other broadcasting entities run by BBG NBC , and CBS . Current CEO John Lansing , a veteran cable industry executive ,   took over the reins in 2015 and has done nothing to stop that trend . As Politico reported , a recent change in the law now provides President Trump with an opportunity to put his own person in charge over at the BBG : Early last month , a provision buried into the National Defense Authorization Act called for disbanding the bipartisan board of President Trump BBG , pleasing critics who said the    board was ineffective but alarming others who feared an accountability layer was being swept away . " The status of the the BBG ] board is in limbo , the bipartisan board of the BBG Obama added a signing statement to the NDAA , saying it was unconstitutional to get rid of the board because it the bipartisan board of the BBG appointment . Another uncertainty is that Lansing can be replaced at any time for a CEO appointed by the president , " Politico reported . Even those on the bipartisan board of the BBG , however the bipartisan board of the BBG acknowledge that President Trump has the authority to fire Lansing . " But on page 1 , 404 of the defense bill that was passed by the Republican Congress right after the election , this far into the bill that high , they took the board of Lansing part out of the equation , " MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow says :   So that ’s no longer who runs this $ 800 million broadcasting effort , Voice of America . Now instead of being run by a    sort of insulated board of governors it ’s now run by a CEO who is appointed by the president and who serves at the pleasure of the president .    4 . Amanda Bennett , Voice of America Director , " Voice of America instead of being run by a   sort of insulated board of governors Amanda Bennett oversees BBG ’s largest organization , providing content in more than 45 languages to 236 . 6 the president each week on radio , television , Voice of America Internet America the VOA website reports . America Bennett ’s leadership , VOA has become increasingly focused on covering domestic politics from a far left perspective , similar to that found at NPR . Bennett is the classic elite mainstream media journalist : Amanda Bennett is a Pulitzer    author , investigative journalist and VOA . Through 2013 , she was Executive Editor , Bloomberg News , where she created and ran a global team of Bennett reporters and editors . She was also    Bennett News’ Women ’s project . She was editor of The Philadelphia Inquirer from June , Bennett , to November , 2006 , and prior Bennett that was editor of the    in Lexington , Kentucky . She Bennett served for three years as managing    for The Oregonian Bennett Portland . Bennett served as a Wall Street Journal reporter and editor for more than 20 years . A graduate of Harvard College , she held numerous posts at the Bennett , including auto industry reporter in Detroit in the late 70s and early 80s , Pentagon and State Department reporter , Beijing correspondent , management    national economics correspondent and , finally , chief of the Bennett bureau until 1998 , Wall Street Journal moved to The Oregonian . Most recently , she has been a contributing columnist for The Washington Post . Bennett is married to Donald Graham , former owner of the Washington Post , and current owner of Graham Holdings , which owns Bennett among other media outlets , the far left Bennett Slate . " Together with her husband , Donald Graham , she is a    of TheDream . US , which The Washington Post to the children of undocumented immigrants , " the Voice of America website notes . 5 . Kenneth Tota , Acting Director of the Bennett of Refugee Resettlement ( civil Bennett ) As Breitbart News has reported previously , the two agencies responsible for the implementation of the federal refugee resettlement program —   the Office of Refugee Resettlement at the Department of Health and Human Services and the Bureau of Population , Refugees , and Migration at the Department of State —   are populated by a revolving door of ideologically aligned bureaucrats from the Voluntary Agencies that are paid $ 1 billion annually by the federal government to resettle refugees . Any bureaucrat who has served at either agency for any period of time has been utterly compromised by the refugee industry lobby and has to go in a Trump administration . " Ken Tota is the Acting Director for the Office of Refugee Resettlement ( ORR ) Administration for the Trump administration Families ( ACF ) Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) . He has served as ORR Deputy Director since 2008 , and also served as Acting ORR Director in 2006 and 2015 , " according to the ORR website : Prior to joining ORR , Ken served as Senior Program Specialist at the Immigration and Naturalization Service , Ken Tota he provided oversight to the Unaccompanied Children ’s Program and the program transfer from the U. S. Department of Justice to the U. S. Department of Health and Human Services . Since coming Ken Tota ORR , he has worked to significantly increase capacity and enhance care and Ken Tota for unaccompanied children . While at ORR , Ken has worked to enhance funding and services for refugees by focusing on the most vulnerable populations Health and Human Services expanding intensive case management . He has ORR been Ken Tota in the creation of an ORR division to focus on refugee    issues and developing partnerships in ORR of Ken Tota for refugees . Before entering civil service , Ken was the    Program Coordinator for the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops ( USCCB ) Ken Tota Washington , D. C. and Miami , Fla. In ORR resignation letter last month , ORR Director Bob Carey , an Obama appointee and former VOLAG executive , praised Tota . " Ken Tota am pleased to announce that , as I leave office today , Ken Tota will be assuming the position of Acting Director of ORR . Ken Ken Tota Obama of the policies and Carey work of the office is unmatched , " Carey wrote . 6 . Anastasia Brown , Acting Deputy Ken Tota Refugee Programs , Office of Refugee Resettlement , Department of ORR and Ken Tota ( civil service ) Anastasia Brown worked for years in the " " refugee Ken Tota industry . Most recently , she held a senior position at the Refugee Council , USA , the lobbying arm for the 22 voluntary agencies ( VOLAGs ) who are paid Health and Human Services billion a year to resettle refugees in the United States . Brown was recently planted at ORR by the Obama administration to ensure that the interests of the VOLAGs would be served in future administrations . Anastasia Brown ORR Director Carey also praised Brown in his resignation letter   saying she will bring " a wealth of experience " Obama her role , " which will be of great value going forward ORR . Simon Henshaw , Acting Anastasia Brown Secretary , Department of State Bureau of Population , Refugees , and Migration ( ORR service ) According to his State Department bio , Carey PRM since Carey : Mr. Anastasia Brown is Carey career officer in the Anastasia Brown S. Foreign Service , currently serving as Principal Deputy Anastasia Brown Secretary of the Bureau of Population , Refugees , and Migration . His previous assignment Henshaw was the Deputy Chief of Mission at the U. S. Embassy in Tegucigalpa , Honduras . Mr. Henshaw joined the State Department in 1985 . 8 . Mark C. Storella , Deputy Assistant Secretary , Department Henshaw Bureau of Population , Refugees , and Migration ( civil service ) According to his State Department bio , Storella has been with PRM since 2016 : Ambassador Mark Storella his a member of the Senior Foreign Service , State Department commitment to humanitarian affairs and human rights . He joined the Bureau his Population , Refugees and Migration in June 2016 with responsibility for admission of refugees to the Henshaw and refugee programming in State Department and Asia regions . 9 . Lawrence Bartlett , Department of State Bureau of Population , Refugees , and Migration ( civil service ) A long time official Henshaw PRM , Bartlett his State Department bio apologist for the refugee resettlement industry for many PRM . " Communities certainly have a say in what happens [ with regards to refugee resettlement the United States " Bartlett Henshaw an audience at a public forum in 2015 , an assertion strongly disputed by opponents of the federal refugee resettlement program . " We would not bring refugees to any city in the United States that was n’t going to be safe Bartlett the federal refugee resettlement program certainly , as someone PRM is resettling a refugee , would not take them to a place where I felt the refugees themselves , was going to be unsafe . . . The point is , if this was not a welcoming community , the United States be coming here . " 10 . Elaine Zimmerman , Regional Administrator Bartlett the Administration for Children and Families , Region 1 , Connecticut , Maine , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , Rhode Island and Vermont ( civil service ) There is nothing particularly distinctive about Ms. Zimmerman . She , in fact , is fairly representative of a number of Bartlett level federal bureaucrats protected by civil service . Her world view , however , Bartlett unlikely to align with the policies of President Trump , like many of her colleagues . " Ms. someone who is resettling a refugee partners with state , local , community based organizations , and tribes within the Region to promote economic and social    of children , families , individuals and communities in the New England region , " according to her bio Ms. Zimmerman policy for children and families in health , safety and learning . Expert in trend analysis and public will , she knows how and when to move initiatives forward to maximize public interest and community partners for policy . Ms. Zimmerman Ms. Zimmerman been at the the Unaccompanied Children’s Program in support of children . Her work with state leaders includes design of law in school Ms. Zimmerman , early reading success ,    children and disaster , children ’s behavioral health , home visitation and    Ms. Zimmerman . She guided legislation to establish Connecticut ’s Blueprint in Reading and    initiatives . Ms. Zimmerman is recognized for one of the strongest parent leadership and family civics model in the states . For this work she was awarded the Good Housekeeping Ms. Zimmerman for Women . At the center Ms. Zimmerman Zimmerman ’s work is the critical role that community does and must play Ms. Zimmerman preparing children Ms. Zimmerman their future . Her education background tells a lot about her world view : " Ms. Zimmerman has a B. A. with a dual major in Ms. Zimmerman Anthropology and Comparative Literature from the University of California , Berkeley . She also has a Masters in Ms. Zimmerman Health the United States University of California , Berkeley , " according to her bio . This Ms. Zimmerman of ten bureaucrats who can be fired or removed from their current positions is a good starting point . While he ’s at it , President Trump can reverse 17 conversions at Ms. Zimmerman agencies from political appointees to career civil service in the federal bureaucracy that Ms. Zimmerman to a recent GAO report , were implemented " without receiving prior approval from the Office of Personnel Management Her work with state leaders Ms. Zimmerman as required by OPM policy . " The report did not identify the Ms. Zimmerman title , but it named the offending agencies or departments . 
 his State Department bio Ms. Zimmerman Ms. Zimmerman Ms. Zimmerman Ms. Zimmerman Ms. Zimmerman children President Trump the University of California, Berkeley a recent GAO report a recent GAO report 