Sen. Rand Paul ( ) earlier this week revealed that another senator had told Sen. Rand Paul ( ) that another senator was surveilled by the Obama administration . [ " I know one other senator who ’s already confided to Sen. Rand Paul ( ) that another senator was surveilled by the Obama administration , including another senator phone calls , " another senator told Fox News on Friday .   " So when this all comes out , if there are political figures from the opposition party , it ’s this all story bigger than any of the allegations with regard to Russian collusion , " another senator said . Earlier this month , another senator announced that sources have told another senator that another senator has been surveilled by the Obama administration , and that another senator has requested information from the White House and the congressional intelligence committees on whether another senator has ever been surveilled , unmasked , or searched for in intelligence reports . " It ’s about your own government spying on the opposition party , that would be enormous if true , " another senator said . " I do n’t know the truth . We ’ve asked the intel committees , House and the White House , and I ’ve also asked the White the White House there is this whole discussion of Susan Rice unmasking people , " another senator said . Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was fired in February , after a phone call he had with Russian Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn Sergei Kislyak was leaked to the Washington Post . Listening in on an American ’s phone calls is illegal without a warrant , but it can happen legally a warrant surveillance of a foreign target . If Americans are caught up in surveillance of a foreign target , their identities are supposed Americans be " masked , " or concealed . However , U. S. officials can request to have their names unmasked if U. S. officials is necessary to understanding the context of the communications , with the approval of the agency conducting the surveillance . Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper revealed that last year , 1 , 934 Americans’ names were unmasked . Last month it was reported that Susan Rice had unmasked Trump campaign officials   —    which she has not denied Susan Rice but only claimed that it was not illegal . " There was no reason for her to unmask people Susan Rice Hers was not a position of investigation . Hers was a political Hers . And for her to get involved Hers unmasking Trump officials is alarming . If it happened to other people , it ’s even more it , " he said . " But we ’re going to try to get to the bottom of this . And it ’s a very it world . You have to realize that it ’s a world it secret most members of Congress are never allowed . " 
 