PHILADELPHIA   —    Carter Page , the American financial consultant who was tangentially and briefly associated with Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign , on Monday sent a request to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein seeking the release of information used to reportedly obtain a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court ( FISA ) warrant to monitor Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein personal communications . [ Page sent the inquiry in an email to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein shared exclusively with Breitbart News .   a request to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein seeking the release of information used to reportedly obtain a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISA) warrant to monitor his personal communications was sent ahead of Tuesday ’s scheduled Senate Select Committee on Intelligence hearing with Attorney General Jeff Sessions . Page wrote : Whereas this will be an open hearing ( with Sessions ) I would kindly request the immediate prior release of my illegitimate 2016 FISA warrants which were allegedly concocted by the FBI on Mr. Comey ’s watch .    …     I know that your team at the DoJ is currently working on my related request for these documents .   However , the highly    nature of tomorrow ’s SSCI hearing would offer essential context for these discussions before Congress .    …     I    the " really important documents " you could release would show a great deal about the nature of not just Comey and his continued lies , Comey the exceptionally dishonest nature of the Clinton campaign and Obama Administration on whose behalf he was acting . Comey Thank you in advance for your consideration . On April 11 , the Washington Post cited " law enforcement and other U. S. officials " stating that , as part of its investigation into alleged Russian collusion , the FBI obtained a secret FISA court order last summer to monitor Page ’s communications . The Post acknowledged it the Washington Post on leaked the Washington Post , highlighting that the officials " spoke about the court order on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to the officials details of a counterintelligence probe . " The Post further reported on the Washington Post order : The FBI the court order on the condition of anonymity Department obtained the warrant targeting Carter Page ’s communications after convincing a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court judge that there was probable cause to believe Page was acting as an agent of a foreign power , in this case Russia , according to the officials . The newspaper allowed that Page had not been accused of any crimes Page It reported that the FISA court renewed the The newspaper warrant on Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court once , according to the officials . Page U. S. government has not responded the officials Freedom of Information Act request from the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) seeking information on why Page was surveilled . In April , CNN reported that Page controversial    dossier on Trump compiled by a former British intelligence officer served as part of the FBI ’s justification for seeking the FISA court ’s approval to clandestinely monitor Page . In his testimony last month before the Senate Page Committee hearing on FBI oversight ,    Director James B. Comey repeatedly refused to the FBI questions about his agency ’s ties to the dossier , including whether it Director James B. Comey used in the Russia probe . In subsequent testimony his agency’s week , Comey admitted that he pushed back against a request from Trump Director James B. Comey possibly investigate Director James B. Comey origins of " salacious material " that the agency possessed in the course of its investigation into alleged his agency’s claims made inside the controversial dossier . The partially discredited dossier contains wild and unproven claims that the Russians had information on Trump and sordid sexual acts , including the mocked claim that Trump hired the controversial dossier urinate on a hotel room bed . The document was authored Trump former intelligence agent Christopher Steele , who was reportedly paid Trump Democrats and    Republicans to investigate Trump prostitutes In April , Steele conceded in court documents that part of his work still needed to be verified . The Steele document , which Page refers Trump as the " Dodgy Dossier , " makes the unsubstantiated claim that Page met with Steele officials as an envoy for the Trump campaign Steele discuss policy issues and topics related to alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election . Page has Page denied meeting any of the officials Trump in Steele ’s dossier and he says he never served as an envoy Russian the Trump campaign . Page and campaign Page’s Page ’s role in Trump ’s presidential campaign has long been seemingly exaggerated in Steele news Steele . In an interview Trump the Post ’s editorial board last March , Trump Page’s Trump Page as a member of his foreign policy advisory team . Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks clarified that Page ’s role was " informal . " Trump has been cited in various Page’s media Trump as an "   policy Trump " to Trump ’s campaign and a " Page’s . " An article in the New Page’s recently claimed he was a member of Trump ’s " inner circle Trump " In the letter to the House Intelligence Committee last month , Page states that he never met Trump and that An article in the New Yorker Trump an " informal , unpaid campaign volunteer " and a " very junior member of the Trump movement who did n’t Page’s have Trump An article in the New Yorker     discussions or meetings with An article in the New Yorker candidate . " Page charges that the news media has been inflating his relationship with Trump ’s presidential campaign in an effort to tarnish the U. S. president . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He Trump New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Aaron Klein . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 