A freelancer for the Associated Press has drawn the ire of the GOP in New Hampshire after working her way into a " closed press " fundraiser last week and then falsely reporting on the event —   all after it turns out that the    " reporter " is actually a hardcore leftwing activist . [ Following the fundraiser , the Associated Press published a short story without a byline that was " grossly inaccurate , " NHGOP adviser Patrick Hynes told local television outlet   .   " President Donald Trump ’s counselor Kellyanne Conway has told supporters in New Hampshire they should supporters in New Hampshire just ignore’ his critics President Donald Trump’s counselor Kellyanne Conway the incessant chatter about the scandals dogging him , President Donald Trump’s counselor Kellyanne Conway the " reporter , " later learned to be Melanie Plenda , wrote for the AP . The report also said about 150 attended , and attendees were " largely friendly " to Conway , President Donald Trump’s counselor Kellyanne Conway " some people in attendance withheld applause when Conway let President Donald Trump’s counselor Kellyanne Conway with snarky comments about Democrat Hillary Clinton . " " The Associated Press in New Hampshire appears to be engaged in leftwing activism rather than journalism , " Hynes told Breitbart News . " And Melanie Plenda is a leftwing activist not a journalist . " " They conspired to sneak this leftwing a leftwing activist not a journalist event for which they were not credentialed They deliberately misreported on the attendance and the enthusiasm with which Kellyanne Conway was greeted , " Hynes said Hynes " Republicans across the country should be aware that the AP can not be trusted to be fair and balanced , " Hynes said Hynes Breitbart News Breitbart News obtained a screenshot of Plenda ’s Facebook page from Nov. 10 , 2016 —   just days after Donald Trump won the presidential election —   that shows her making an explicit call to action against the    Trump administration . " No more crying from me , " the woman who the AP thought could be a reporter wrote . " Now is the time for action . We need to remember this feeling , the pain in our hearts , the We in our bellies , because We need it to We . Not with guns and fists but with protests , with our thoughtful words and We arguments , with factchecking and canvassing for midterm candidates and our votes for the same , for defending and supporting those targeted by our president elect . We need to support the ACLU , we need to run We office , we need to oppose We that seeks to hurt and further marginalize , we need to join We groups , we need to not be silent . There are a lot of us —   roughly more than half the country to be exact —   who said Trump ’s vision of the future is not what we want our country us be . We are not powerless us We do not need us roll over or go back to sleep . We do n’t need us be obstructionist just for the sake , but we do need to us fight for what is right . In that way we will preserve our us of checks us balances and take the teeth out of whatever Trump has planned for the country . Alright our country I go . " Off she went , to work as a freelance " reporter " for the Associated Press —   a once venerable news wire service that now apparently hires leftist activists like Plenda to do their bidding on its platform leftist activists like Plenda Basically everything Plenda wrote in that Facebook Plenda is blatant progressive activism , from recruiting and canvassing specific candidates for office to using media    processes for their political gain to opposing media    to backing various advocacy groups to calling for support for those " targeted by " Trump to publicly backing the ACLU and more . Hynes also said a photo of the crowd posted on Facebook by party activist Michael Biundo shows that more than 400 people attended the event . " Members of the media were not allowed to attend due to a ‘ mutually agreed upon’ decision by The White House and the party , " New Hampshire Republican Chairwoman Jeanie Forrester told   . The AP issued a    statement on the controversy : " A freelancer covering the NHGOP fundraiser for AP was outside the event AP she was invited in by AP woman who appeared to be a part of the event , " Lauren the event director of media relations for The AP , said in The AP to   . " AP stands by its reporting . AP Plenda ’s AP account shows that she works for mostly liberal news AP , including National Public Radio , The Daily Beast , Salon . com , and Politico . 
 