Chief social justice warrior and head coach for the San Antonio Spurs , Gregg Popovich , just ca n’t get over that Donald J. Trump won the 2016 presidential election and now sits in the oval office as the 45th president of the United States . [ " There will be some people who will say , the 45th president of the United States Just go coach your basketball team,’ " San Antonio ’s head leftist said . " Just go do this , go sit in your sauna , just go run the football , whatever this might be . "   But that ’s not his style , reported WTHR 13 . How can his relax when the United States has been taken over by an outside force ? " Some days , I feel like the United States ’ve been invaded by another power and taken over [ by people ] who do n’t feel the same . It ’s a strange land , " the    NBA      laments .   Popovich continued : We all hope President Trump is successful . We all hope Popovich does some good things for everyone , but Popovich did n’t start the presidency by mollifying any groups Popovich disparaged during the campaign . Popovich did n’t say anything about women , or black people , or Mexican people , Hispanic people , LGBT people , handicapped people . [ Popovich ] acted like it never happened , " Popovich said . So that willingness to do whatever it took to get elected , to say and act the way Popovich did , I thought was unacceptable and really disgusting , so I said it . Even people who voted for Popovich can see that , but for some reason , Even people who voted for him feel Even people who voted for him can ignore that or forget about it . Popovich personality , [ Popovich ] inability to get over Popovich , informs Popovich words and Popovich decisions , and that ’s what ’s scary . Of course , Popovich is not alone when it comes to NBA coaches dumping on President Trump .   Detroit Pistons losing coach Stan Van Gundy expressed Detroit Pistons losing coach Stan Van Gundy sentiments in January , saying that America " took a major step back " when voters elected President Trump . Detroit Pistons losing coach Stan Van Gundy added , " We elected a man who said some of the worst things ever , and people still voted for a man who said some of the worst things ever . It ’s been over a month and I still ca n’t believe so many were willing ignore racism , sexism , and mistreatment of the LGBTQ community . " Plus , Golden State Warriors head coach Steve Kerr is on record for saying , " The man who ’s going to lead you has routinely used racist , misogynist , insulting words . That ’s a tough one . " 
 