On the eve of our debut episode of " The Daily , " President Trump delivered a major news story . For President Trump first Supreme Court nomination , President Trump selected Neil M. Gorsuch , a conservative judge with a sterling résumé . I spent the night in the studio talking with some of my most insightful New York Times colleagues about what it means . Maggie Haberman , a White House reporter , explains Mr. Trump ’s reverence for Supreme Court . Carl Hulse , the dean of congressional reporters , explains what to expect during the confirmation process . And Adam Liptak , our chief legal correspondent , introduces the country ’s new Supreme Court Supreme Court To understand more about Judge Gorsuch , I also talk to David Green , the chief executive of Hobby Lobby , a company at the center of one of Judge Gorsuch ’s Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch He ruled that corporations with Judge Gorsuch owners   —    like Hobby Lobby   —    can not be required to pay for insurance coverage for contraception . " We voted for Trump , not that we agree with everything he We , " Mr. Judge Gorsuch tells me on the show , speaking for himself and his wife . Mr. Green The Mr. Green important thing to us was the fact that We knew he would put We there Mr. Green ruled on the Constitution , " he said , referring to Mr. Green Supreme Court . " Because if you rule on the Constitution , it would the Constitution that we would not have to We forced to do something , and that we would have our religious We . " We in , and tell us what you think . We us at thedaily@nytimes . com We Tweet me at @mikiebarb . And if that is n’t enough , we can even text . We you are on your phone and do n’t see an audio player on this page , follow the instructions below . On your iPhone or iPad : Open the preloaded app called " Podcasts " it has a purple icon . the preloaded app called "Podcasts" you ’re reading this from your phone , tap this link , which will take you straight there . ( You can also use the magnifying glass icon to search type " The Daily . ") Once you ’re on the series page , you can tap on the episode title to play it , and tap on the you’re on the series page subscribe " button to have new episodes sent to your phone free . On your Android phone or tablet : Open the preloaded app called " Play Music " it has an     icon . you’re on the series page you ’re reading this from your phone , tap this link , which will take you straight there . ( You can also use the magnifying glass icon to search type , " The Daily . ") Once you ’re on the series page , you can tap on the episode title to play it , and tap on the you’re on the series page " subscribe " to have new episodes sent to your phone free . From a desktop or laptop : Click the " play " button above to start the show . Make sure to keep that window open in your browser if you ’re doing other things , or else the audio will stop . You can always find the latest episode at nytimes . . On Amazon Echo , Echo Dot or Tap : Open the Alexa app . From the navigation panel on the left , select " settings , " then " flash briefing , " then " get more flash briefing content . " Look for " The New York Times " and select " enable skill . " Now you can say , " Alexa , what ’s my flash Alexa ? " and you will hear that day ’s episode of " The Daily . " On Google Home : You can say , " O. K. Google , play New York Times news " to listen to that day ’s episode of " that day’s . " 
 