Donald Trump ’s White House chief of staff Reince Priebus and senior advisor Stephen K. Bannon appeared before a packed house at CPAC on Thursday , rallying conservatives to support the president ’s agenda and taking shots at the media . [ During a panel moderated by CPAC Matt Schlapp , senior advisor Stephen K. Bannon repeatedly referred to the the media the " opposition party .   " When you look at the opposition the "opposition party they portrayed the campaign the "opposition party how they portrayed the transition the "opposition party and now portraying the administration , it ’s always wrong the administration " senior advisor Stephen K. Bannon said . senior advisor Stephen K. Bannon said Trump was " maniacally focused " on implementing senior advisor Stephen K. Bannon agenda , which senior advisor Stephen K. Bannon detailed in all of senior advisor Stephen K. Bannon campaign speeches . The media the media added , kept getting the story wrong   —    particularly on the reported " chaos " in the administration . " Just the administration were dead wrong on the chaos of the campaign , and just like they were dead wrong on the they of the transition , they ’re absolutely dead wrong about they ’s going on today , because we have a team that ’s just grinding it through on what President Donald Trump promised the American people , " Bannon said . " And the mainstream media better understand something . All those promises are going to be implemented . " The pair denied reports that they were at war with each The pair at the White House , cracking jokes about their differences . " Regarding us The pair , I think the biggest misconception is everything that you ’re reading , " Priebus said , prompting laughter from the crowd . Bannon praised Trump for ignoring all of the people who tried to tell him what his agenda should be Bannon despite Bannon campaign promises . " He Bannon like , ‘ No Bannon I promised the American people this , and this is the plan we ’re this to execute,’ " Bannon said . 
 Bannon 