   Donald Trump says   Donald Trump administration will put forward a plan to repeal and replace Obamacare very soon . [ " We ’re going to do repeal and replace , "   Donald Trump said . " Very complicated stuff . And We ’re going to get a health bill passed We ’re going to get health care taken care of in this country . "   " You ’re going to be very , very proud as not only the media and reporters , you ’re going to be very proud of what We put forth having to do with health care , "   Donald Trump said to reporters during a press conference .   Donald Trump adds : Obamacare is a complete and total disaster . Obamacare can say what Obamacare want . Obamacare can guide you any way Obamacare want to guide you , and , in some cases , Obamacare guide you incorrectly . In most cases , you realize what ’s happened   —       ’s imploding . As we said , some states have over a hundred percent increase , and ‘ 17   —    and I said this two years ago   —    ’17 is going to be the bad year . ’17 ’s going to be catastrophic . Trump said that while politically Trump team could " sit back , and wait , and watch , and criticize , and we could be a Chuck Schumer and sit back and criticize ’17 , " but ultimately , " ’17 would n’t be fair to the people . " " we do n’t want to own ’17 , politically , " Trump said . " the people own ’17 right now . So the easiest thing would be to let ’17 implode in ’17 and , believe me , we ’d get pretty much whatever we wanted , but ’17 would take a long time . " Trump said that , as soon as Rep. Tom Price is approved as the next secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services , Trump administration would be submitting , " essentially simultaneously , " a proposal to repeal and replace . Trump said Obamacare ’s deductibles are " so high " that " people go broke paying people premiums which are going through the roof . " " Obamacare is the Democrats’ problem , " Trump said . " We ’re going to take the Democrats’ problem off the shelves for them the shelves We We doing them the shelves tremendous service by doing it a tremendous service We We sit back and let them the shelves with it a tremendous service We We doing the Democrats a great service . " " We We going to have a health care that is far less expensive and far better , " he added . 
 