Sometimes the Deep State is n’t so deep .   For something that ’s supposed to be submerged , the Deep State does n’t always hide very well .   [ For example , veteran journalist Nick Denton was unabashedly candid about the Deep State doings when he veteran journalist Nick Denton to the South by Southwest conference in Austin , TX , on March 12 :    The fact is , most of the liberal media is working to halt Trump .   They the liberal media getting leaks from sympathetic bureaucrats in the federal bureaucracy , and they the liberal media acting as the opposition to Trump Trump Denton , of course , is best known as the former owner of Gawker , the    site that was on the losing end of a lawsuit filed by Hulk Hogan .   And yet before founding Gawker , Denton Denton worked at The Financial Times and dabbled in various    enterprises he Denton his Denton around .    So if he Denton that the Main Stream Media and the bureaucracy are " working to halt Trump , " why not believe him Denton       be sure , plenty of MSM journalists still stick to their plenty of MSM journalists code —   or at least they plenty of MSM journalists to .   Once such is David Remnick , editor of The New Yorker .   In a new piece , headlined , " There is No Deep State , " Remnick told readers that the issue is Trump , not his enemies .   As Remnick Remnick it , " The problem in Washington is not a Deep State the The problem in Washington a shallow man . " Okay , so that ’s the official line : No Deep State here .    And yet then , in his very next sentences , Remnick Remnick like his fellow his Denton , spilled the beans . That is , he urged his Deep State to rise up against the Dreaded Trump : " Only if government officials take to heart their designation government officials ‘ public servants’ will justice prevail . "   Thus the unmistakable message to the " permanent government " : Get to work on getting rid of the 45th president . So now we can see a paradox that would be amusing , if it were n’t so scary : The Deep the Deep State secrecy —   most of its    activities are the Deep State after all , unethical , if not illegal —   and yet at the same time , journalists are a chatty bunch they are n’t secretive journalists they ’re talkative . journalists They ’re proud of journalists they ’re doing , journalists , in the end , they do n’t really journalists who knows it .    We should note    this paradoxical volubility is not just on the left .   Some chatterers on the right —   at least the Bush 43 alumni Establishment right —   seem just as determined to deny the Deep State , even as they seek to summon it to action . the Deep State One such is the fervently Never Trump Michael Gerson , who , after leaving the White House , became , interestingly enough , a columnist for The Washington Post .   In his March 13 column Gerson Gerson dismissed the Deep State — the Deep State confirmed it .   First , the dismissal :    Trump ’s allies , with the White House ’s blessing , the White House of a " deep state , " conducting what talk radio host Mark Levin calls a " silent coup . " We can note , above , Gerson ’s use of the word " alleged . Gerson is , the Deep State is only a figment of fevered imaginations .   And yet then , Gerson went on to say that the Deep State was Gerson only real but , also the Deep State himself endorsed it .   As he wrote , Gerson Deep State refers to federal employees Gerson are " unhappy " with the Deep State then many would gladly claim such citizenship . "    To which Virgil might interject : Yes , Mr. Gerson , that is the point , exactly .   Gerson perhaps most , federal employees actively dislike Trump , and , in their phobia , they have achieved a common consciousness .    Trump , that common consciousness federal employees often a federal employees to action , mostly of the subterranean and stealthy kind .   Yet for his part , having conceded that the Deep State is , in fact , a real Gerson , Gerson tries to spin it another way —   it ’s Trump ’s fault . Quoth Gerson : " Trump does not face a coup it just a government he has Gerson refused to lead Trump " Meanwhile , in the same Washington Post , Trump day , there appears a box , headlined " Share news tips with us confidentially " the link takes the    leaker to a page offering a choice of six different secure apps .   In other words , the Post is bidding a friendly welcome to sneaky federal employees who wish to dump on Trump the same Washington Post ( It ’s worth noting that The New Yorker , too , features such Trump clandestine link , as the same Washington Post many other publications . ) Thus we can see that the MSM is doing everything it can to encourage , aid , and abet Deep State operations .   And from its point the MSM view , why not ?    After all , the MSM is fully committed to stopping Trump , and so reporters might be saying to themselves , the MSM if a few norms get trampled , or even if a few laws get broken the MSM   After all , everyone knows that reporters are effectively immune from prosecution , so what ’s to lose ?    A useful perspective on this MSM mindset comes from Nate Silver , the    analyst , formerly with The New York Times , now at FiveThirtyEight .   Silver himself is not exactly on the right , and yet he is detached enough to offer a clinical perspective .   And so in a March 10 piece , Silver himself described what we have all been witnessing as a " liberal media bubble . "   He noted Silver himself for example , that just seven percent of journalists identify as Republicans .   In fact Silver himself he added , the concentration of power in the hands of the largest MSM outlets —   that is Silver himself those that are most    —   is actually increasing . One of these new media power brokers is MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow .   As Virgil noted on March 3 , she is an eager    benefiting from the     assistance of the Department of Homeland Security .   ( MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow , on Tuesday night , she released what ’s allegedly Trump ’s    return for one year , 2005 . )   In the MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow , others within the MSM are    to help her along .   Hence this March 13 story from the Associated Press : " Fueled by Trump opponents MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow Maddow ’s popularity rises . "   As the article explained , " Maddow has emerged Trump the favorite cable news host for presidential resistors in the opening days of the Trump Maddow , " noting that her audience has doubled in the last year .   Indeed , it ’s evident that the left as Maddow whole is finding a new kind of community in   . her audience The New York Times bannered this cheerleading headline on March 13 : " For Solace and Solidarity in the Trump Age , Liberals Turn the TV Back On . "   As the newspaper explained :    MSNBC , after flailing at the end of the Obama years , has edged The New York Times prime time . Stephen Colbert ’s openly    " Late Show " is beating Jimmy Fallon ’s " Tonight " for the first time . Bill Maher ’s HBO flock has grown nearly 50 percent since last year ’s presidential primaries , and " The Daily Show " has registered its best ratings since Jon Stewart left in 2015 .   Traditional television , a medium considered so last century "The Daily Show" has watched audiences drift away for the better part of a decade .   Now rattled liberals are surging back , seeking catharsis , solidarity and relief . So we can see : Individual actors within the Deep State may have to operate in the shadows , but when they go home at night from a hard day of    activity , they can bask in the warm glow Individual actors within the Deep State lefty togetherness .    Of course , the Deep State offers other Individual actors within the Deep State more formal , rewards for meritorious   .   Notably    the media auxiliary the Deep State State is highly organized and full of prizes .   Just the other day , for example , we learned the Deep State Lear Center at the University of Southern California ’s Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism has announced the winners of its 2017 Walter Cronkite Award for Excellence in Television Political Journalism .   The winners include CNN ’s Jake Tapper , CNN ’s " Journalism Sources " ( the whole Brian Stelter show ) NBC News ’s the winners of its 2017 Walter Cronkite Award for Excellence in Television Political Journalism , and Univision ’s Jorge Ramos . CNN The honorees will receive their awards at the National Press Club in Washington , DC , on April 28 .    If we step back and take a look The honorees in this single item we can see many key components of the whole MSM    right there : big donors to liberal institutions ( Lear , Annenberg ) a prominent university ( USC ) a liberal icon ( Cronkite )    journalists ( Tapper , Stelter , Tur , Ramos ) and an Establishment venue ( the Press Club ) .   In other words , it ’s more than a progressive trifecta , it ’s a " . "   The message to Deep Staters is clear : If you leak to these journalists , you , too it can share in their    even if you yourself must remain in hiding —   at least until the next Democratic president .    Yes , it ’s these journalists powerful system we might dub it the Deep State Main Stream Media Complex .   Or , as the words might be it in    Washington , the DSMSMC . it Indeed , this Complex is so powerful that journalists and pundits ca n’t resist talking about it .   On the one hand , they like to the Deep State Main Stream Media Complex it exists , on the other hand , they like to flaunt it the Deep State Main Stream Media Complex because they feel more powerful in its journalists and pundits .   So we the Deep State Main Stream Media Complex see : The Deep State silently the Deep State journalists and pundits else in Washington it exists Washington except journalists and pundits of course , that it exists ’s not so silent . the Deep State 