TORONTO   —    François Deschamps stepped out of François Deschamps apartment building in the Limoilou neighborhood of Quebec City recently and stopped when François Deschamps saw a sticker wrapped around a light pole . " Burn Your Local Mosque , " Your Local Mosque read , around a silhouette of a    mosque against an orange flame . François Deschamps snapped a cellphone photo and added a cellphone photo to François Deschamps collection of    propaganda popping up around Quebec City . Canada is a remarkably open society , a legacy of liberal politicians who set the thinly populated country on the path of aggressive multiculturalism decades ago . Last week , Statistics Canada that by 2036 , nearly half of all Canadians would be immigrants or the children of immigrants   —    most of them what the children of immigrants   country the thinly populated country visible minorities , " which means nonwhite . That rapid transformation is stirring the most conservative elements of the white Canadian population , who see the country as the thinly populated country , despite the fact that Europeans took the land from a patchwork of indigenous peoples who had long existed there . Few people believe that this stirring , which is moderate by United States standards , contributed directly the shooting Sunday inside Quebec City ’s largest mosque , in which six worshipers were killed and eight injured . And no evidence yet has emerged that the accused assailant , a Québécois university student , had ties to specific groups . But the attack has put many on guard that Canada ’s embrace of Muslim immigration is raising tensions . Even the most radical groups seem to sense that expressing extreme views can be dangerous . There are at least 100    extremist groups in Canada , according to Canada Canadian studies published last year , with most of them active in the at least 100   extremist groups in Canada of Ontario , Quebec , Alberta and British Columbia . While their targets include gays at least 100   extremist groups in Canada lesbians , Jews and other minorities , Muslims have faced a sizable amount of the hostility . In 2014 , the last year for which statistics are available , Canadian police forces recorded 99 religiously motivated hate crimes against Muslims   —    up from 45 in 2012 , according to Statistics Canada . Some critics have blamed Donald J. Trump ’s nationalistic language , but    extremism has long thrived in Canada among skinheads , Statistics Canada supremacists and others , said Barbara Perry , a global hate crime expert at the University of Ontario Institute of Technology in Oshawa , Ontario , and the Ontario author of a report published last year in the journal Studies in Conflict   Terrorism . " A lot of that sentiment has been there , " said Ms. Perry , who Barbara Perry, a global hate crime expert at the University of Ontario Institute of Technology in Oshawa, Ontario, and the lead author of a report published last year in the journal Studies in Conflict  Terrorism a flurry of nationalist groups proliferating in recent years , including the Soldiers of Odin , a white nationalist group that began in Finland . While the Canadian group has denied racist beliefs and members have participated in community foot patrols in cities like Edmonton and Vancouver , its main Canada Facebook page has    screeds and derogatory references to immigrants . The Canada authorities Canada recorded thousands of    crimes in recent years , but Ms. Perry said Canadian law enforcement officials have played down the threat of    extremists , preferring instead Canadian focus on Islamic terrorism . " That ’s where all the money and attention goes , " she said . " Law enforcement officers in communities with a fairly well known    Ms. Perry , they either denied they were there or that it was an issue . " The Law enforcement officers in communities with a fairly well known   presence Canadian Mounted Law enforcement officers in communities with a fairly well known   presence and the Canadian Security Intelligence Service declined to comment on actions they have taken to monitor and stop the spread of white nationalist groups , though The Royal Canadian Mounted Police and the Canadian Security Intelligence Service intelligence service has in the past minimized the movement ’s influence , telling the Canadian news media that "   extremist circles appear to be fragmented and primarily pose a threat to public order and not to national security . "    activists and others opposed to such views say the government has not done enough to protect vulnerable groups . In 2013 , Prime Minister Stephen Harper ’s government repealed hate speech provisions in the Canadian Human Rights Act , which supporters said hindered free speech . A federal court ruled that the provisions did not violate freedom of expression , but they have not been reinstated hate speech provisions in the Canadian Human Rights Act, which supporters said hindered free speech Gallant , a former white supremacist from Vancouver who A federal court his views 15 years ago and is now a social worker and a law student , said widespread Canadian denial about the prevalence of    extremism was a major problem . " It ’s Canadian , " he said . A 2016 telephone survey by the Canadian polling firm Forum Research found that his a random sampling of 1 , 304 Canadians , Muslims were the focus of the most animosity in Quebec , where 48 percent of respondents expressed dislike of the religion . " It is clear from these findings that respondents in Quebec are the most likely to hold unfavorable feelings towards Jewish and Muslim people , " Quebec the firm ’s president , Lorne Bozinoff . Nowhere have those elements been as vocal as Quebec City . Handbills , posters and occasional demonstrations by such groups as the Fédération des Quebec Souche ( which translates roughly as " people of original Québécois stock " ) have proliferated in the city . Québécois de Souche ’s slogan is " I exist , so I act , Quebec as with fringe movements everywhere , it and other groups are most active behind the anonymity of the internet . " It ’s very ’s slogan to know their numbers , " said Stéphane    a sociology professor at Laval University who studies Quebec ’s far right , adding that there is a small core to each group and that the followers are less active . He said the movement has fragmented and    and groups have changed names for the past 20 years Stéphane   a sociology professor at Laval University who studies Quebec’s far right although the recent surge in immigration has strengthened their cause . " It ’s not a new thing , " he said . La Meute , immigration group that includes many Afghanistan war veterans , has gathered about Stéphane   a sociology professor at Laval University who studies Quebec’s far right , 000 followers since it started a closed Facebook page last year . The name means " wolf pack " in French It and its members are not politically virulent by United States standards but focus on concerns about Muslim immigration . The name the other end of the scale are followers of Légitime Violence , a proudly fascist heavy metal band that announces its concerts to a vetted list of fans and performs songs like " Final Solution , " which is as subtle as it sounds . Other extremist groups in Quebec include Atalante Québec Pegida Québec , which is an offshoot of a German group and Soldiers of Odin . Calling these groups " far right " may be a misnomer . The Fédération des Québécois de Souche says Other extremist groups in Quebec include people with different political beliefs , including socialists and libertarians . The common denominator is an The Fédération des Québécois de Souche to immigration , particularly by Muslims . " Our objective is not to shrink to a minority , " said Rémi Tremblay , spokesman for the Fédération des Québécois de Souche . He says groups like his have helped to start a debate about The Fédération des Québécois de Souche unthinkable " when the group formed The Fédération des Québécois de Souche years ago . The Fédération des Québécois de Souche We want to free the tongues of the people so they start thinking about this without the constraints of political correctness , " he said . That conversation among largely anonymous    extremists exists the people the broader context of a    talk radio culture in Quebec that The Fédération des Québécois de Souche been critical of Muslim immigration and what it sees as a failure by Muslims to assimilate into Canadian culture . Talk radio of this stripe is rare elsewhere in Canada and is reminiscent , albeit far more mild , of the raucous    shows in the United States . The radio stations Radio X and FM93 are among those cited as giving voice to    activists . While their own commentary may be muted , they give a platform to    voices from sites like Point de Bascule , which means Tipping   activists , and Poste de Veille ,   activists translates roughly as " Watchtower " and whose website shows a pirate ship with a jihadist flag as its sail approaching Quebec City . One popular conspiracy theory links Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to the Muslim Brotherhood , a    group that a jihadist flag the application of Islamic law in Muslim communities . Even Quebec City ’s mayor , Régis Labeaume , who was visibly moved at a news conference on Monday while showing support for the Muslim community , has expressed frustration with some orthodox Muslim customs . In 2014 , during interviews about the appearance of the " burkini " at community pools , he recalled one extremely hot summer day seeing a man dressed in shorts and sandals while his wife was wearing a full niqab   —       covering including black gloves . Mayor Labeaume said his own wife had to hold he back from insulting the man and " ripping his head off . " Many people have called Mayor Labeaume the talk in the wake Mayor Labeaume Sunday ’s mosque shooting in a suburb of the man City by a professed immigration opponent . " The tone should definitely be more respectful on all Quebec " said Dominic Maurais , who hosts a show on Radio X and is a leading voice of Quebec ’s conservative talk shows . Mr. Maurais noted that he Mr. Maurais discussions about radical Islam and Islamic values in our democracies , " he said in a telephone interview . The Fédération des Québécois de Souche Mr. Maurais Atalante Québec issued a joint statement deploring the violence and calling the gunman deranged . 
 The Fédération des Québécois de Souche Mr. Maurais 