President Donald Trump ordered Tomahawk missile strikes against a Syrian airfield on Thursday evening   —    then sat down to dinner with visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping at    . [ CNN , citing a White House source , reports :   President Donald Trump met with President Donald Trump national security team before President Donald Trump dinner with Chinese President Xi Jinping in     Thursday , where President Donald Trump made the decision to pull the trigger on the biggest military action of President Donald Trump presidency , an administration official says . President Donald Trump sat through dinner with Chinese President Xi Jinping in     as action was under way . Trump was briefed after dinner by Secretary of Defense James " Mad Dog " Mattis , according to the report . The message would not have been lost on the Chinese president , whose visit was expected to include difficult discussions about the threat of North Korean ballistic missiles , as well as about China ’s ambitious naval expansion on artificial islands in international waters . " He does what he says He …      He ’s He a message to the Chinese , " former General Jack Keane told Sean Hannity on Fox News . " He ’s He the Chinese the Chinese the Chinese , the North Koreans are trying to weaponize intercontinental ballistic missiles and the rhetoric is they will use the North Koreans against my the North Koreans and my people . Do n’t push me into a corner where I have to use a military option to deal with them . That the North Koreans be horrific . That would mean war on the Korean peninsula , " Keane said He " I think he ’ll He the Chinese attention for sure , as a result of that . It ’s not rhetoric . We ’ve had rhetoric for eight years , with passivity , and no action . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named Joel B. Pollak of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book Joel B. Pollak How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter Joel B. Pollak @joelpollak . 
 