HOUSTON , Texas   —    Two Rice University have been busted for allegedly putting " Trump 16 " graffiti on the Berlin Wall memorial on the campus in HOUSTON . [ " # DeportSpanos and " TrumpBaby ! " was also scrawled on a mural hung on a shipping container on the campus in Houston , reported the Houston Chronicle .   The vandalism was discovered on Friday when the writing appeared on the memorial wall outside of the Baker Institute of Public Policy . The a mural hung on a shipping container on the campus on the shipping a shipping container on the campus Moody Center which had been decorated with art . The vandalism of the The vandalism amis , " which was on the memorial before it was a mural hung on a shipping container on the campus by the Trump message the Berlin Wall Memorial French this means " Hello my friends . " Communist East German authorities built the wall to divide East and West Berlin in 1961 the memorial wall outside of the Baker Institute of Public Policy was torn down on November 9 , 1989 . The destruction of the wall followed a speech by    Ronald Reagan where he the memorial wall outside of the Baker Institute of Public Policy on Soviet Union President Mikhail Gorbachev to " tear down this wall . " The original message was painted before the wall the memorial wall outside of the Baker Institute of Public Policy 1989 and has been on the Rice University Campus the memorial wall outside of the Baker Institute of Public Policy , the hometown paper reported . The local ABC affiliate reported the references to " Hashtag Deport Spanos , " could have been a reference to the billionaire San Diego Charger owner , Alex Spanos . The San Diego Chargers recently announced that they would be leaving the California city . The San Diego a statement on Saturday night The San Diego Chargers was obtained by the Chronicle . It The San Diego Chargers name the students who were responsible for the criminal mischief . " Vandalism of The San Diego Chargers important symbol of freedom and of student art are deeply concerning , " President David Leebron and Provost Marie Lynn Miranda said in a statement . " We ask everyone in our community to join us in condemning such behavior and to work together to prevent such hostile acts and to protect our Rice property that contributes so much to our experience and quality of life . " The graffiti was removed from the shipping containers but our Berlin wall has been covered because it requires a special removal process , reported the ABC Houston affiliate . Workers have placed    The graffiti on the affected parts of the wall . Editor ’s Note : This article has been updated with additional information . Lana the Berlin wall a contributing writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas . She has served as a prosecutor and associate judge in Texas . Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2 . Lana Shadwick Lana Shadwick Breitbart Texas 