" An idea is a good thing , " Ken Downing , the fashion director of Neiman Marcus , said on Tuesday , as he bolted in he biker jacket and skinny jeans from one show to another . " But a theme can scare me running away . " Despite everyone ’s best efforts to shut out the world beyond New York Fashion Week : Men ’s , a unifying theme emerged : the parlous state of current politics . It did n’t matter that the visitors to the Skylight Clarkson North event space in Lower Manhattan , where most of the shows were held , tried to drink away the visitors to the Skylight Clarkson North event space in Lower Manhattan, where most of the shows were held worries at the cozy VIP Amazon Lounge or escaped into chatter about Alejandro Gómez Palomo , a young Spanish designer who shocked the front row with a show featuring men in frilly frocks or talked about the head of Ralph Lauren being unceremoniously shoved into the oubliette . Of the dozens of designers interviewed during a    marathon that ended on Thursday , not one failed to volunteer some expression of concern , anxiety , perplexity or stark anger about the barrage of executive orders , tweets and statements recently issued from the White House . " It ’s hitting people like a dagger in the heart , " the designer John Varvatos said moments before the designer John Varvatos best men ’s wear show in years , at the Diamond Horseshoe nightclub in Midtown . John Varvatos was referring to President Trump ’s order banning the entry of citizens from seven    nations and refugees from any country . " People are in disbelief , " Mr. John Varvatos . " Half the people in my company are from someplace else . " So , it would seem , are half the personnel in the industry . Consider the major designers anchoring a men ’s wear fashion week now in its fourth iteration and gaining strength in terms of its offerings its the breadth of representation . Mr. Varvatos John Varvatos example , is a    American whose parents migrated from Greece and settled in Detroit . The    Ralph Lauren is the son of Askhenazi Jewish immigrants from Belarus . Raised in South Boston , Joseph Abboud was born in the United States to Maronite Christian parents who , seeking greater opportunity , fled Lebanon for America . Even the virtuosic    Raf Simons   —    whose finely calibrated collection of satiny topcoats , boxy jackets and slouchy woolens was shown on Wednesday night   —    has only recently transposed his     label Joseph Abboud New York , where he also serves Joseph Abboud chief creative officer of Calvin Klein . Notably , Mr. Simons chose Joseph Abboud locale for his debut on these Joseph Abboud a Gagosian Gallery , which is run by the    art world powerhouse Larry Gagosian , a California native whose grandparents were immigrants from Armenia . It is not only the big guns who can boast of a hyphenated heritage . The Ovadia twins , Ariel and Shimon , moved to Brooklyn from Israel in the early 1990s . The slick show they presented on Tuesday The Ovadia twins, Ariel and Shimon an audience peppered with    stars and athletes was inspired , as Ariel said backstage , Ariel a soccer obsession they share with their The Ovadia twins, Ariel and Shimon , a The Ovadia twins, Ariel and Shimon who got his start in the Ariel business selling children ’s wear from the back of a    Oldsmobile . A relative newcomer to fashion , Willy Chavarria presented a sublimely deadpan collection on Thursday that he titled " Brown Willy Chavarria " and showed on a group of    models that included a young trans woman and a Honduran food deliveryman . The clothes were inspired , Mr. Chavarria said , Willy Chavarria youths in California towns like the one in the San Joaquin Valley where he was raised , a Willy Chavarria of Mexican immigrants who worked in the agricultural fields . " The political moment is hard , " Mr. Chavarria said , over Willy Chavarria din of recorded    at his presentation . " But it Willy Chavarria also a call to action for a generation that maybe got a little lazy . It ’s up to us now it be harder ourselves   —    to love us , to fight harder , to come hard with our ideas . " Ideas , us Mr. Downing said , are good things . And , as it happened , the week was rife with them . There were Mr. Chavarria ’s supersize denim trousers , his    coats of fur or Mr. Chavarria’s alpaca , his knit caps discreetly embroidered with Mr. Chavarria’s rebuke to hate speech too coarse to be printed here and his athletic sweatshirts emblazoned with the Mr. Chavarria’s : " Gender Bender Super Bawl Champions . " There were Mr. Simons ’s innovative , oversize intarsia sweaters , developed in collaboration with the Woolmark Company , featuring hems that rode up at the back , kangaroo pockets on the chest and , in some cases , a vaguely ambivalent interpretation of Milton Glaser ’s " I ♥ NY " logo . There was a Ralph Lauren Purple Label collection that gave scant indication that his company is in the midst Ralph Lauren Purple Label one analyst called " brand confusion . " Seldom bested as a conjurer of narrative fantasy during the    he has been in business , Mr. Ralph Lauren Purple Label made it clear that his Ralph Lauren Purple Label still has legs . Here Ralph Lauren Purple Label reimagined a young man of wealth as Ralph Lauren Purple Label humor enough to leave the house wearing a black satin dinner jacket whose subtle jacquard pattern depicts cowboys riding bucking broncos   —    an image copied from a vintage sleeping bag   —    and confident enough in his taste to wear a    suit of Ralph Lauren Purple Label clothes in chocolate corduroy . Barely out of Parsons , Matthew Adams Dolan is already a name to reckon with , largely on the basis of an interest taken in him by a single superfan . " Rihanna Matthew Adams Dolan team saw my senior thesis and called in some things , " Mr. Dolan , a    native , said Mr. Dolan cluster of models slumped on a dais at the P3 studio at Skylight Clarkson North . " She gets photographed in them a lot , Rihanna guess , " he added , referring to monster denims that resemble the offspring of a Carhartt jacket and a moving blanket . Mr. Dolan ’s affection for functional work wear , which he reconfigures in Brobdingnagian proportions , is only half the equation , he Mr. Dolan . " My mom was a big quilter , and that Mr. Dolan been a big influence on me , " he said . That Todd Snyder ’s brightest ideas are Mr. Dolan not original Mr. Dolan him is something of which the designer makes no secret . For years Mr. Dolan Mr. Snyder has mined thrift stores and the treasure troves maintained by folks Todd Snyder’s    wizard Bob Melet for inspiration . As Mr. Snyder made clear in his Thursday show , his design skill lies in Todd Snyder’s    sports jerseys or Todd Snyder’s weary ,    Todd Snyder’s coats he finds and then   —    exploiting his savvy way with fabrics and his Todd Snyder’s background   —    turning    into Todd Snyder’s stuff like a handsome camel Todd Snyder’s overcoat so pilled it looked as though he had skinned a family of teddy bears to create it covetable stuff like a handsome camel hair overcoat The primary idea Todd Snyder’s Mr. Varvatos ’s latest collection , he said before covetable stuff like a handsome camel hair overcoat show , involved his conviction that millennial men now discovering the Mr. Varvatos want something Mr. Varvatos keeps them from Mr. Varvatos their fathers . " They want to push out the boundaries , millennial men now discovering the suit Mr. Varvatos millennial men now discovering the suit . He does millennial men now discovering the suit too . With his fall 2017 collection , Mr. Varvatos stuck to a Mr. Varvatos narrow silhouette for taut frock Mr. Varvatos , biker jackets , barn coats and      jackets . And he confined his experiments to fabrication . Despite the best efforts of moral philosophers like Peter the designer , the designer has been steadily making a comeback . The best designs at the Varvatos show were for things like a lynx print calfskin biker jacket that would make anyone want to become rock star or a flimsy topcoat lined with cropped shearling   —    just the sort of stuff to give PETA conniptions . It ’s easy enough to guess at the outrage triggered in the mind of an    activist by Mr. Varvatos ’s wholesale dispatch of livestock . More challenging , perhaps , is imagining what a traditional male might make of the clothes created by Mr. Palomo . Invited to be a guest of the C. F. D. A. the designer   —    who has generated a lot of press and engendered a small cult following at home   —    brought with him a group of clothes that seemed relatively tame by his standards . It included trousers a guest of the C. F. D. A. the designer   that is , and a few items you might a guest of the C. F. D. A. the designer   suits . his standards , they came in purple satin brocade with    portrait collars or gold lamé with flounces and neck frills or constituted little more than a white satin bustier worn with thigh boots and a pair of    briefs . Of all the many design ideas on display during New York Fashion Week : Men ’s , Mr. Palomo ’s were by miles the most fantastical and giddy . Yet , as the Mr. Palomo wear industry has been trudging steadily away from gender fluidity and toward masculinity as historically constituted , the sight of a guy kitted out in Cuban heels , a garter belt , a pair of shiny culottes or a flounced    costume seemed less outrageous than , perhaps , passé . 
 