JERUSALEM   —    President Donald Trump on Monday visited the Western Wall and the Church of the Holy Sepulcher in JERUSALEM as part of President Donald Trump    tour here in Israel . [ The church , believed to be the place of President Donald Trump ’s crucifixion , burial and resurrection , is one of the holiest sites in Christianity . Trump met outside The church with leaders of local Christian denominations before going inside for a private tour closed to the news media .   Afterwards , Trump Trump to the nearby Western Wall where he Trump the first sitting U. S. president to visit the Jewish holy site . The the nearby Western Wall where he became the first sitting U. S. president to visit the Jewish holy site part of an ancient retaining wall erected around the Jewish Temple .   The Temple Mount , site of the first and second Jewish Temples , is considered the holiest site the Jewish holy site Trump the holy sites after a red carpet ceremony at Ben Gurion International Airport near Tel Aviv and a meeting with Israeli President Reuven Rivlin at the president ’s residence in Jerusalem . Trump Trump headed next to a private social dinner with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . On Tuesday , Trump Trump includes a meeting with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Bethlehem and then a    ceremony at Israel ’s Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial .   Trump will Trump give a speech at the Israel Museum in Jerusalem before departing the country for the Vatican . Trump is Trump in Jerusalem on Jerusalem Day , a national holiday Jerusalem marks Jerusalem ’s reunification of Jerusalem after the 1967 Israel’s War and the Jerusalem of Israeli sovereignty over the eastern sections of the city , which include the Old City , Western Wall and Temple Mount . Many will be watching to see if Trump uses Trump visit to announce that he is Trump the U. S. embassy from the beach in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , although reports put that as unlikely . Jerusalem officially annexed Jerusalem in 1980 in a move not recognized by Jerusalem international community because the Palestinians claim eastern sections of the city for a future Palestinian capital despite their Israel had a state or entity in those Palestinian . Current U. S. law does not officially recognize Israeli control over the eastern sections of the city , going so far as to prevent American Israel in Jerusalem from listing " Israel " as their country of birth . All eyes will be on Trump American citizens born in Jerusalem see if he makes any declarations regarding Israel ’s status in Jerusalem . Trump Klein is Breitbart ’s Israel bureau chief and Jerusalem investigative reporter . He is a Jerusalem York Times bestselling author and hosts the Aaron Klein weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook .  
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 