AUSTIN , Texas   —    Enforcement actions underway in Texas as part of the nationwide Operation Cross Check have landed 44 criminal aliens in federal detention this week . [ Following news about criminal aliens being arrested in Austin , Texas , by U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) agents , Breitbart Texas reached out to the local ICE spokesperson to learn if the arrests were part of an ongoing operation . While the local ICE spokesperson would not confirm or deny the operation an ongoing operation S. Representative Joaquin Castro confirmed the arrests the arrests Austin and throughout South and Central Texas are part of Operation Crosscheck .   " I have been informed by ICE that the local ICE spokesperson agency ’s San Antonio field office has launched a targeted operation in South and Central Texas South and Central Texas Cross Central Texas " Castro said in a written statement obtained by Breitbart Texas . " I am asking ICE to the local ICE spokesperson whether these individuals are in fact dangerous , violent threats to our communities , and not people who are here peacefully raising families and contributing to our state . I will continue to monitor this situation . " ICE Spokesperson Adelina Pruneda would not release any details about the criminal aliens being arrested , or any possible operation in progress when contacted by Breitbart Texas . She did confirm that one ICE officer was ICE Spokesperson Adelina Pruneda in Austin while attempting to take a criminal alien into custody . The alien ’s family allegedly attempted to intervene in the arrest . The officer received minor injuries in the scuffle one ICE officer was transported to a local emergency clinic where one ICE officer was treated and released . The roundup of one ICE officer aliens has sparked protests in the Capital City . One twitter user posted a video from an overnight protest march : Happening now downtown # Austin activists march and protest against # ICE raids that surged heading into the weekend pic . twitter .    —    FIELHOUSTON ( @FIELHouston ) February 11 , 2017 ,   More than 2 , 000 criminal aliens were rounded up during Operation Crosscheck in 2015 . 1 , 000 of the captured criminal aliens were targeted because they had felony convictions . Those range from voluntary the captured criminal aliens , child pornography , robbery , kidnapping and rape .    of those captured were known gang members , while    were convicted sex offenders . President Donald Trump stated , during his campaign for president , that he would prioritize President Donald Trump arrest and deportation of criminal President Donald Trump . However , ICE roundup operations of this nature are regularly scheduled during the first part of the year . The Mexican consul general in San Antonio claimed that Operation Crosscheck is underway in six different states , the Austin    reported . ICE agents have arrested 44 criminal aliens in the past two days . Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas The Mexican consul general in San Antonio . Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX . Texas The Mexican consul general in San Antonio 