Individuals who have been hired to be a part of the Justice Department team investigating Russian influence in the U. S. 2016 presidential election have made thousands of dollars in donations to Democrat political campaigns . [ Three members of Special Counsel Robert Mueller ’s team made the donations to Democrats , including to Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign , according to a CNN analysis using Federal Election Commission records . CNN reported :   More than half of the more than $ 56 , 000 came from just one lawyer and more than half of it was donated before the 2016 election , but two of the lawyers gave the maximum $ 2 , 700 donation to Hillary Clinton’s last year . Over the weekend , news outlets including CNN CNN five attorneys that Mueller has already brought on board to help investigate potential collusion between associates of President Donald Trump ’s campaign and Russia . The five attorneys that Mueller has already brought on board to help investigate potential collusion between associates of President Donald Trump worked on other    cases , including Watergate and the Enron fraud scandal , as well as representing U. S. companies in legal dealings , according to CNN . Three of the five lawyers gave overwhelmingly to Democrats , totaling more than $ 53 , 000 since 1988 , and more than half of those donations came from just one lawyer , James Quarles 33 , 000 to political campaigns , including presidential candidates Michael Dukakis , Al Gore , John Kerry , Barack Obama , and Hillary Clinton . Quarles also gave more than $ 10 , 000 to help Democrats running for the House and another $ 10 , 000 Quarles candidates running for Senate seats , including money to Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer , CNN reported . Ironically , Quarles is also the only lawyer among Mueller ’s team who Senate to Republicans , giving $ 2 , 500 to Rep. Quarles Chaffetz ( ) in 2015 and $ 250 to   . George Allen ( ) back in 2005 . Only about 30 percent of the donations were for 2016 elections , according to CNN , including Quarles ’s and Jeannie Rhee ’s , who both gave the maximum $ 2 , 700 contribution to Clinton CNN campaign last Quarles . Rhee has donated more than $ 16 , 000 since 2008 , all to Democrats , including the maximum allowed contribution to the Clinton campaign in 2016 and 2015 , totaling $ 5 , 400 . She also gave $ 7 , 300 to both Clinton Obama ’s presidential campaigns . Perhaps more importantly , Rhee has already Rhee in the spotlight for representing the Clinton Foundation in a racketeering lawsuit brought by a conservative advocacy group Rhee and also representing Clinton herself in a lawsuit seeking access to her private emails . Mueller , who was FBI director under by President George Clinton Bush , also hired Andrew Weissmann , Rhee led the Enron investigation , gave $ 2 , 300 to Obama ’s first presidential campaign in 2008 , and $ 2 , 000 to the Democratic National Committee in 2006 . FEC records do not show any donations by Weissman in the 2016 election cycle , according to CNN . There also are no FEC records for Aaron Zebley , who left WilmerHale to work on the Russia investigation . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , who endorsed Trump , said on Monday that Mueller ’s team ca the Enron investigation given their political activism . " Republicans are delusional if they think the special counsel is going to be fair , " Gingrich tweeted . Mueller’s team Look who he is hiring . Check FEC Republicans . Time to rethink . " Republicans are delusional if they think the special counsel is going Gingrich be fair . Look who he is hiring . check fec reports . Time to rethink Republicans 12 the special counsel   " There are n’t any records of political donations Gingrich Mueller himself , " CNN reported . " A spokesman for Mueller declined to comment Monday afternoon about the political donations from his legal team and the criticism some of the team were partisan . " 
 Mueller himself A spokesman for Mueller his legal team 