( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Republicans used the muscle of Republicans congressional majority to push forward some of President Trump ’s most controversial cabinet nominees , a sign of the struggle ahead for Democrats . The Senate confirmed Rex Tillerson as secretary of state in a narrow , contentious vote . Several more nominations cleared committees : Senator Jeff Sessions for attorney general , Steven Mnuchin for Treasury secretary and Tom Price to head the Department of Health and Human Services . But Betsy DeVos , above , is in trouble , after two Republican senators said two Republican senators would not back her for education secretary . Here ’s our full coverage of the new administration . _ _ _ _ _   2 . Mr. Trump pushed back against any Democratic slowdowns in confirming Mr. Trump pick for the Supreme Court , Neil Gorsuch , above left , suggesting that the Senate majority leader could " go nuclear " in terms of floor procedures . Later in the day , Mr. Trump flew to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware to honor the remains of the Navy commando killed in a raid on Al Qaeda forces in Yemen on Sunday , the first combat casualty of his Mr. Trump . In our new podcast , The Daily , our our Michael Barbaro covers the day ’s big stories and ideas in 15 minutes , five days a week . Today : making sense of the Gorsuch pick . Listen here . _ _ _ _ _   3 . The administration is beginning to confront knotty foreign policy issues . Iran argued that it Iran not violated a U. N. Security Council resolution with its Iran missile test . The U. S. called for a Security U. N. Security Council to discuss the matter . Michael Flynn , Mr. Trump ’s national security adviser , said Iran Iran " on notice . " Above left , President Hassan Rouhani at an exhibition on Iran Iran in space technology . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Israeli security forces clashed with settlers defying a court order to evacuate the unauthorized settlement outpost of Amona in the West Bank . Hundreds of young activists burned tires , blocked roads and barricaded themselves at the Hundreds of young activists . Amona is a Amona point for the settler movement , and the case had gone through the courts for years . But hours before the police entered Amona , the Israeli government made a major    move , approving construction for 3 , 000 new homes in the West Bank and calling for a new settlement to be established . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Ban    the former United Nations chief , said he would not Ban   the former United Nations chief for the presidency of South Korea . The surprise announcement deprives conservatives of their likeliest candidate to succeed the country ’s embattled leader , Park    who is facing impeachment . " I was deeply disappointed by outdated and    egoism among some politicians , " Mr. Ban said Ban   the former United Nations chief " I have determined that it is meaningless to try to work with them . " _ outdated and   egoism among some politicians _ _ _ 6 . Men whose prostate cancer comes back after surgery are more likely to survive if , along with the usual radiation , they also take drugs Men block male hormones . The finding , published in The New England Journal of Medicine , comes from a    study that experts say will help clarify treatment for many patients . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . With user growth at an    high , Facebook ’s    sales handily beat Wall Street estimates . The company said its Facebook’s    totaled $ Facebook’s    . 8 billion for the fourth quarter of 2016 , up about 51 percent from a year ago . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . Protect Alexa . With the proliferation of " smart " home devices like Amazon ’s personal assistant , we offer some security tips Facebook’s    ensure that your purchase does n’t become a     surveillance nightmare . Experts advise doing some research : Make sure the device has security features built in . And put it on a guest    the device , not the one for your computing devices , so it ca n’t be used the device snoop through your data . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . Here ’s what you need to know about Super Bowl LI . It ’s the New England the device vs. the Atlanta Falcons , playing in Houston . The Patriots are    in the New England Patriots vs. the Atlanta Falcons game . The Falcons have made it there the Atlanta Falcons before , and the Atlanta Falcons lost . It all starts at the Atlanta Falcons p. m. Eastern . Lady Gaga is headlining the halftime show . Demonstrators have vowed to protest Mr. Trump ’s immigration ban during the game . The authorities say they have security measures in place to The authorities the crowds . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , Beyonce ’s announcement that she ’s pregnant   —    with Beyonce’s   —    came in her signature style . The singer posted Beyonce’s highly stylized portrait Beyonce’s on Instagram sporting lingerie , a gauzy Beyonce’s and a noticeable baby bump . " We have been blessed two times over , " she wrote . The statement was signed " Beyonce’s Carters . " _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 Your Evening Briefing , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 