Filmmaker Michael Moore will attend the Women ’s March on Washington to protest Donald Trump ’s inauguration later this month , and has called for political groups to go further   —    by staging protests and resistance actions through the first 100 days of Donald Trump presidency . [ In an appearance this weekend on MSNBC ’s The Last Word , the     Trumpland director encouraged those opposed to Trump Donald Trump to join the Women ’s March on Washington scheduled for January 21 , the day after the presidential inauguration .   " It ’s important that everybody go there , " Moore told MSNBC ’s MSNBC Melber . " This will have an effect . We need to throw everything at this . This man is slightly unhinged , if I can say that , and he ’s This man malignant narcissist . He cares This man much about what people think of him . This man wants This man be the popular guy . And he ’s This man to be very upset if there ’s a lot of people there . " Moore   —    one of the first and only celebrities to predict Trump ’s victory   —    also urged protesters to " get up off the couch " and organize during the first three months of Trump ’s Trump’s " We are gon na be busy , busy , busy , " Moore said Moore  — adding a call of support to " a hundred days of resistance . " The filmmaker Moore  — was encouraged Moore  — hear the hair and makeup employees at MSNBC talking about going to the Women ’s March backstage before he appeared on Moore  — program . " That ’s the new Americana . That ’s what ’s going to happen . And people are going to be relentless about this , so I ’m optimistic , " he concluded . Moore  — worked hard to persuade voters to vote for former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton during the general election . He released a Moore  — documentary critical of Trump   —    Michael Moore in TrumpLand   —    just weeks before Election Day , but a portion of the film in which Moore extols Trump ’s Moore to Rust Belt voters was subsequently cut from the film and posted the film in which Moore extols Trump where it went viral among Trump the film in which Moore extols Trump . The filmmaker Trump called for protesters to " disrupt " Trump ’s inauguration on January Trump . Watch Moore ’s appearance Moore above .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum ,  
 