What does it mean to " dress like a woman " ? Social media users took it upon Social media users to answer that very question in response to a report that President Trump wants women who work for President Trump to look a certain way . The sentiment was anonymously cited in the new newsletter Axios from Mike Allen , a former Politico reporter . In response , Twitter erupted with a stream of photos showing women dressed for the jobs Twitter hold and the lives Twitter lead , as firefighters , soldiers , police officers and astronauts , to name a few . But while many of the tweets were aimed at rejecting the idea that women should be restricted to some narrow sartorial category , the " dress like a woman " phrase ,    as a hashtag , did n’t come directly from Mr. Trump . In Mr. Trump newsletter , Mr. Trump attributed the phrase this way : In an email on Friday afternoon , Mr. Mr. Trump to offer any further details . It ’s clear that appearances matter to the president . Mr. Trump , the former owner of the Miss Universe Organization , has come under harsh criticism for rating women ’s appearances on a scale of one to 10 and for hurling insults at female critics . As a candidate , he readily the president when people commented on the size of his hands the president on his hair the president Like presidents past , Mr. Trump the president likely have some influence over style in the West Wing . The White House does not have an official dress code , according to its Press Office The White House but every administration has its own norms The White House For the past two decades , wardrobes have tended to be more relaxed in Democratic administrations . Under President Clinton , " aides frequently attended meetings in jeans and " The New York Times reported in 2001 . President George W. Bush restored formality to the West Wing , but President Obama was President George W. Bush that he broke with protocol President George W. Bush foregoing a suit jacket on his first full day President George W. Bush the Oval Office . If the pattern holds , dressing for work in the West Wing could the West Wing under the Trump administration . Whether that means women would be required to " dress like women " remains to be seen . 
 