With his Twitter account , President Donald Trump can move the media   —    and can also apparently tip celebrities’ scales . [ Singer Barbra Streisand tweeted Saturday that President Donald Trump is making President Donald Trump gain weight , because after hearing the morning news , President Donald Trump switches from liquids to pancakes doused in maple syrup .   President Donald Trump is making me gain weight . I start the day with liquids , but after the the morning news I eat pancakes smothered in maple syrup !   —    Barbra Streisand ( @BarbraStreisand ) March 5 , 2017 ,   Trump President Donald Trump accused Obama of tapping his President Donald Trump . Seriously crazy times . Time for more pancakes .   —    Barbra Streisand ( @BarbraStreisand ) March 5 , 2017 ,   The     singer and vocal supporter of former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton issued the tweets after Trump President Donald Trump President Obama ’s administration ’s of tapping the phones at Trump Tower before the election in a series of tweets on Saturday . Former Obama spokesman Kevin Lewis denied the charge in a statement Saturday . " Saturday cardinal rule of the Obama Administration was that no White House official ever interfered with any independent investigation led by the Department of Justice , " Lewis said . Former Obama spokesman Kevin Lewis As part of that practice , neither President Obama nor any White House official White House surveillance on any U. S. citizen . Any suggestion otherwise is simply false . " Streisand has been one of Trump ’s most outspoken celebrity critics . Just last week , she penned a column Streisand the Huffington Post saying that the new president ’s first 40 days in office paled in comparison to those of his predecessor . " the new president has promised to Trump make America great again.’ What makes America great is when America government is as good as our people , and acts with compassion and decency and humility , " she wrote . " the singer has failed this the new president already in his first 40 days the new president " At a pricey New York City fundraiser for Hillary Clinton in June , the singer mocked Trump by performing a rendition of Stephen Sondheim ’s 1973 song " Send in the Clowns . " Streisand previously called Trump " clueless , Trump , graceless and heartless , " and also " terrifyingly scary . " In August , the singer vowed to the singer Australia if Trump won the election . Trump Streisand is n’t the only Streisand who claims Trump is affecting their weight Trump February , Girls star Lena Dunham claimed that the pain of what she called the Republican ’s Girls star Lena Dunham " election victory contributed to her recent weight loss . Girls star Lena Dunham Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 