Sunday on NBC ’s " Meet The Press , " while discussing the details of President Donald Trump executive order halting access to the United States for immigrants from seven    countries , White House chief of staff Reince Priebus expressed White House chief of staff Reince Priebus frustration over host Chuck Todd ’s interruptions .   Partial transcript as follows : host Chuck Todd : One of the in in the order is to include green card holders and that is something that there has been a report that the Department of Homeland Security recommended it not include green card holders . Why did the White House choose to overrule the Department of Homeland Security on that Homeland Security PRIEBUS : We did n’t overrule the Department of Homeland the Department of Homeland Security green card holders Homeland Security , it did n’t affect them . If you the Department of Homeland Security coming in and the Department of Homeland Security identified by the Obama administration as the seven most dangerous in the world in regard to harboring terror firsts and affirmed by congress multiple times then you ’re going to be subjected temporarily with more questioning until a better program is put in place over the next several months . this is something that 75 % 80 % of Americans out there agree with . We do n’t want people that are traveling back and forth to one of these seven countries that harbor terrorists to be traveling freely back and forth between the United States and those countries . TODD :   You did say something at the beginning of your answer and it seemed like an aside . This order does not impact any green card holders from these seven countries . PRIEBUS : Of course , it those countries you ’re traveling back and forth you ’ll This order subjected to further screening . Of course . TODD : Are you going to do that to American citizens as TODD that travel in and out of these seven countries ? PRIEBUS : I would suspect it if you those countries citizen traveling back and forth to Libya you ’re likely to be subjected American further questioning when you come to an airport . TODD : Why are you confident that ’s constitutional and I ’ll ask it TODD way because green card holders they go through extreme vetting to get the green card , and number two , when they get the green card they ’re entitled to all of the protections that they do . PRIEBUS : they ’m not suggesting that . TODD : I understand that . are you , by having to put an TODD hurdle for a green card holder to get into the country how are you confident that does n’t violate their rights and does n’t end up making the order unconstitutional . PRIEBUS : having to put an extra hurdle for a green card holder to get into the country of all , it ’s not affecting green card holders . TODD : you keep saying   —    you said it does   — TODD PRIEBUS : If you would just slow down for it second and listen I could answer your question . & gt , TODD I understand that , but you ’ve twice confused me so I ’m TODD to understand the clarity . PRIEBUS :   It ’s because you do n’t stop talking , Chuck . I love you , but let me answer the question . If you ’re a person   —    this is n’t your question to the executive order , the executive order does n’t affect green card holders moving forward . I said that the executive order ’m suggesting is customs and border patrol , I would suspect within their discretion hey ’m a person traveling back and forth to Libya or Somalia or Yemen I customs and border patrol suspect within their discretion they might ask a few more questions at JFK or some other airport when someone customs and border patrol coming customs and border patrol and forth within their discretionary authority as a customs and border patrol agent and what I ’m saying is that customs and border patrol would suspect that most would agree that that would be a good thing to do . What I ’m not suggesting to you that that is in the order moving forward . I ’m suggesting ’m within the discretion of the CBP that those questions would likely be asked . ’m Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 