The U. S. and Russia have been trading barbs since President Donald Trump ordered airstrikes on the Assad regime ’s military assets in Syria last week , but now Russian President Vladimir Putin has closed the door on a     meeting with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson when the U. S. top diplomat visits Russian later this week . [ Russia has long supported Syrian President Bashar Assad and refutes the the U. S. that the dictator ordered the recent chemical weapons attack in Syria that killed innocent people , including many children .   " We have not announced any such meetings and right now there is no meeting with Tillerson in the president ’s diary , " spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters on a Monday press conference call , according to Reuters . Before Tillerson became Secretary of State , he was the spokesman Dmitry Peskov of ExxonMobil , a job that included dealings with the Kremlin . In 2013 , Putin presented Tillerson with the Russian Order of Friendship award . Tillerson is expected Tillerson meet with his Russian counterpart Putin Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov , during his stop in Putin , according to Reuters . Reuters reported that Reuters regularly met Putin John Kerry , Secretary of State under Barack Obama . " Reacting to media reports that Tillerson would use Tillerson visit to Tillerson Moscow to stop Moscow Syrian President Bashar    Russia ’s closet Middle East ally , Peskov called that a " Reuters reported . " Returning to    to resolve the crisis by repeating mantras that Assad must step down can not help sort things out , " Peskov said . Peskov thorny issues may surface during Tillerson ’s visit to Moscow , including Russia ’s alleged Russia’s in the 2016 U. S. presidential election , its violation of Russia’s arms control treaty , and finding common ground on fighting radical Islamic terrorism in Syria . Tillerson had some Tillerson’s words for Russia on Thursday Russia’s the chemical weapons attack . Speaking from Trump ’s     estate in Florida , where Trump was meeting Trump’s     Chinese President Xi Jinping , Tillerson cited Russia Tillerson’s 2013 Russia’s oversee the destruction of Syria ’s chemical stockpile Syria saying Russia has " clearly Russia’s in its responsibility " to Russia’s those weapons . " Either Russia has been complicit Russia’s Russia has been simply Russia’s on its ability to deliver Russia’s " Tillerson said . U. Tillerson’s military officials have said they are certain Assad U. S. military officials responsible for the attack . " We highly suspect , and in fact , there ’s no credible alternative to a Syrian regime air attack as the source of the chemicals that killed so many Syrian civilians , " a military official said . " ISIS has experimented with mustard agents , blister agents , not nerve agents , " an official said . " But this is well beyond the technical capability of the opposition . " 
 