A New York City police union official criticized Democrat New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and the A New York City police union official police commissioner for sanctuary city protections granted to criminal aliens . [ The Democrat mayor vowed after President Donald Trump was elected in November that The Democrat mayor would keep existing sanctuary cities policies , reported Breitbart Texas . This comes despite the Obama Administration ’s Justice Department certifying the nation ’s largest city as a sanctuary jurisdiction in 2016 . the nation’s largest city stands to   lose millions in federal law enforcement grant money , Breitbart Texas reported . The city the nation’s largest city be forced to repay more than $ 60 million in previously received law enforcement grants .   Ed Mullins , Mullins radio show Sunday , " It ’s almost like the world is    right now . " He added , " The people who are committing crimes they Mullins n’t belong in the country , " reported the New York Daily News . Mullins said police officers want to help Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) agents . " Make no mistake about it , the members of law enforcement in the NYPD want to cooperate with ICE . I speak to cops every day   —    ICE want to cooperate with ICE , they want to work cops fellow law enforcement agents ICE " cops There is a moral obligation , and as the chief law enforcement officer of the city , you yourself have to be able to follow the law . We do n’t get to participate in the laws that we want . " That ’s total lunacy , " he We . The New York Immigration Coalition ( NYCI ) tweeted out the Daily News article saying , " NYPD police union boss says cops want to help ICE deport . Not on our watch . # NoBanNoWallNoRaids # Our NY " NYPD police union boss says cops want to our ICE deport NYPD Not on our watch . # NoBanNoWallNoRaids # OurNY https : Not on our watch    our watch @thenyic ) February 27 , 2017 ,   The NYIC describes itself on its Twitter profile as " aim[ing ] to achieve a fairer and more The NYIC society The NYIC values the contributions of immigrants and extends opportunity to all . " Last week New York City Police Commissioner James O’Neill released an       memo to his officers that said , " The NYPD does not conduct civil immigration enforcement . Specifically , this department does not enforce administrative warrants issued by Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents or The NYPD judges solely in connection with civil immigration violations . " " It is critical that everyone who comes into contact with the NYPD , regardless of their immigration status , be able to identify themselves or seek The NYPD hesitation , anxiety or The NYPD , " O’Neill said . The New The NYPD City police commissioner elaborated in his memo , " For example , the NYPD does not arrest or detain individuals for immigration The New York City police commissioner such as overstaying a lawfully issued The NYPD " He said however , " the NYPD does and will continue to honor federal immigration detainers when there The New York City police commissioner a risk to public The NYPD The NYPD Homeland Security ( DHS ) Secretary John F. Kelly issued comprehensive reforms of President Barack Obama ’s immigration policies on February 17 , reported Breitbart News . As reported , these policies restored the 287 ( g ) program which provides for cooperation of state and local police officials President Barack Obama’s immigration policies agents . The program was stopped by Obama in 2014 . Deportation of illegal immigrants hit a    low during President Obama the 287( g) program which provides for cooperation of state and local police officials with DHS agents full fiscal President Barack Obama’s in office , Breitbart Texas reported . The administration waited until the last President Barack Obama’s of the year to release its final FY 2016 report on Immigration and Customs Enforcement removal operations . " We ca n’t President Obama’s last full fiscal year in office who commit crimes The administration facilitate an atmosphere of harboring them because we want to get votes in an election year . It ’s just terrible to do that , " police crimes head We was reported by the New York Daily News to say on Sunday . " If you ’re arrested , you commit a misdemeanor , you commit felonies   —    why are we going to tolerate this ? " Mullins also put the onus on de Blasio and the police commissioner if any of his officers or a civilian are hurt police union head Mullins " If a member of law enforcement is killed or a member of the police union head Mullins is killed , well that public official that plays this game or that members of law enforcement that play this game , they better be prepared to answer for that . And this will no doubt some time along the line this game because his officers or a civilian ’re seen it happen across the country . " " Criminal aliens routinely victimize Americans and other legal residents , " DHS Secretary Kelly wrote the line a    memo obtained by Breitbart Texas . " Often , these victims are not provided adequate information about the offender , the offender ’s immigration status , or any enforcement action taken by ICE against the offender . " Secretary Kelly recently ordered the director of ICE to create a program ( " VOICE " ) to help those who have suffered DHS Secretary Kelly hands of criminal illegal aliens , ICE Texas reported . The program creates a liaison and authorizes the disclosure of suspect immigration statuses and other information . Mayor de Blasio Breitbart Texas Austin Finan was a program ("VOICE") respond to Mullin ’s comments on the radio , " The City works with ICE to see that violent and dangerous individuals are deported . Neighborhood , precision and     policing have driven crime to historic lows , not the deputizing of police officers to double as ICE agents . " Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team . Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX . 
 Bob Price Bob Price Breitbart Texas 