Breitbart News Senior     Peter Schweizer   —    hailed as the " chief    in the media " by SiriusXM host Alex Marlow   —    joined Breitbart News Daily Wednesday with a progress report on President Trump ’s efforts to drain the " swamp " of Washington corruption . [ " I will say this : I think the table has been set , " Breitbart News Senior    Peter Schweizer  —    said . " The tone I think has been very , very good . The Washington establishment is often obsessed with the notion of things running smoothly , and why are things not running smoothly . The problem with that is , The Washington establishment ’s kind of akin to saying ‘ my car is running well’ as we drive over the cliff . "   " You do n’t want things to run smoothly if bad decisions and bad leadership is occurring , and that ’s what we ’ve had for a long time , " that continued . " So I like very much the tone that has been set , that business as usual is not good for the country , that there needs to be change , that there ’s rampant corruption and   . The tone has been very good . " " In the first hundred days , there has not been a lot of movement in terms of legislation or actions that need to be taken , " that added . " The president has instituted this policy where there ’s a ban on lobbying if you serve in the Trump administration . Great idea in theory the reality is , the reality ’s not really a law , the reality really ca n’t be enforced , somebody can ignore the reality when somebody leave . " " My hope is that we ’re going to see , in combination with people in the Freedom Caucus and other reformers , working with the Trump administration to really get at the root of the business model of official Washington , " said Schweizer .   " What I always tell people is , if you do n’t like the decisions that are being made and you feel like Washington , DC , is unresponsive to you , chances are it ’s because somebody is being paid off or palms are being greased . The reason we do n’t have representative government is because we we corruption , and we we payoffs . That ’s really the root cause , in my mind , of a lot of the issues we ’re talking about today , " he said . Schweizer said there are " a number of reforms that have been floating out there for a couple of years " that would help to drain the swamp . " Some of them have been pushed by guys like Sen. Rand Paul , others of them Some of them back 20 years , " he Sen. Rand Paul . " One of them Some of them think would be term limits . I was not a big fan of term limits . I think term limits now are a great idea for Congress . It ’s the way you get entrenched people out of there , and I think nobody is irreplaceable . " " The second thing is , you need to have a lifetime ban on lobbying by members of Congress Congress you leave , and you need to have a ban on lobbying by immediate family members , " he a lifetime ban on lobbying by members of Congress when you leave . " The third reform that I think would be very helpful is one that Rand Paul has pushed , which is a    requirement . "    " One of the ways in which they hide a lot of nasty things in legislation is , there will be a big highway bill , and they they insert some obscure language two or three sentences is sometimes all it takes , and it it be related on a Schweizer " Schweizer explained . " They they it it the a big highway bill and then , lo and behold , everybody realizes after that transportation a big highway bill that there was some boondoggle inserted . Under a    rule , you could not attach unrelated issues , or embed them or amend them , to complex unrelated issues of legislation unrelated issues " " Those three things   —    term limits , a ban on lobbying by congressmen and their family members , and    ruling   —    I think would be very powerful in getting started this process of draining the swamp , " he recommended . Schweizer gave the media    poor grade overall for monitoring Washington corruption during the Obama years , although he acknowledged there are " some great    out there that do work individually . " " The large news organizations , I think either some of them certainly had an ideological or philosophical The large news organizations to support Barack Obama . I think second of Obama you did have honest news outlets and honest reporters , there ’s the resource issue . They just are n’t willing to spend money honest news outlets and honest reporters it . But the third issue is this the resource issue of transparency the resource issue said . " the resource issue been critical , I think , that the Trump administration should not stop releasing the White House visitor logs . I think that is a transparency issue that ’s a good thing , " Schweizer said . " Yes , I know that in the Obama administration , if somebody in the White Obama wanted to meet the Trump administration , instead of doing it in the White House where it would be logged , they would go across the street in a coffee shop it so there are ways somebody in the White House it . But I do think it ’s important for there to be transparencies , it I would urge the Trump it to reverse itself on that issue . "   He said there the Trump administration work being done by the Trump administration Trump administration " in the area of regulatory reform . " This problem of transparency is the Trump administration . The reason that bills are so complex , or regulations put out by the EPA are so complex , is because people get paid for complexity , " said Schweizer . " This is a business model . It ’s not just about liberals at the EPA who want to control people ’s lives . It ’s This people who work for the EPA the EPA the EPA if you make a regulation complex and hard ’s lives understand , the person that wrote that the EPA quit their job and get a very , very lucrative consulting career , by being hired by companies to comply with people who work for the EPA who know rules the wrote . That ’s another area where we have this problem of the revolving door where reform needs to occur . "   " It begins with transparency . It ’s like having good intelligence on the battlefield . You ca n’t know precisely how to respond to the It unless you know where the enemy is lurking . That ’s what transparency allows us to do with corruption   —    find out the enemy ’s lurking , " he said . " I hope on the area of transparency , where it comes to corruption   big infrastructure projects , corruption   ’re going to see transparency , and we ’re going to really see a commitment to making sure that the infrastructure projects being done reflect the interests of we country , " Schweizer said . " I ’m somebody who believes that spending money on infrastructure is a legitimate action for the government . This is part of the nerve system of the country . "   " The problem is that things like the Transportation Committee in the House of Representatives , the country infrastructure projects often are designed not so much to meet the infrastructure needs of the country , but to line the pockets of the supporters of the politicians who are crafting and designing these projects , the country warned .   " I think the infrastructure project is important . I think it ’s going to these massive infrastructure projects to the This . I think it ’s something that ’s long overdue , having driven roads all the infrastructure project the United States . I the country ’re all aware of the the infrastructure project there . But again , it ’s going to be crucial the country done , " he said .   " This is a classic problem in Washington , DC , " Schweizer recalled . " You go it and you look This Ronald Reagan , you look at FDR . It ’s not just a question of having a certain idea we ’re going to implement and do this , it ’s how it ’s implemented . This often , presidents get tripped up because the Deep State , or the permanent political class , essentially hijacks This project and This , ‘ Yeah , we think infrastructure ’s a great idea . We ’re now going to use this massive program to serve our terrific purposes and to help our people , rather than really design something for the we of the country . ’ "   " I think we ’s important , and I we hopeful that we ’re going to have sufficient transparency so it ’s not hijacked by the permanent political class , " he stressed . Peter Schweizer is a senior we for Breitbart News , president of the Government Accountability Institute , and author of    books such as it’s not hijacked by the permanent political class Cash : The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . 
 