As U. S. courts seek to block President Trump ’s executive order restricting some travel into the country , Italian populist leader Matteo Salvini has sharply criticized the move as politically motivated . [ The leader of Italy ’s Northern League party ( La Lega ) told Breitbart News Friday that President Trump’s is paying the price for keeping President Trump’s campaign promises , facing the wrath of a " system in rebellion " and federal judges who have been " politicized . "   Italian populist leader Matteo Salvini said that President Trump’s executive order was a " proper , useful and courageous response to a real threat , " one that European leaders should emulate . Leaders of both individual European states as well as of the European Union have been notoriously ineffectual in responding to the grave migrant crisis afflicting the continent . The head of Italy ’s Lega told Breitbart that he Breitbart nothing but admiration for the U. S. President ’s ability to act on his the U. S. President’s promises , " something that seldom happens in Italy Italy " Salvini , who aspires to govern Italy Italy said he the U. S. President’s do the same thing Trump has done : " I would rely on intelligence services to close Italy Italy to those countries considered a threat to national security , " he said the U. S. President’s Even though President Trump Trump deal with strong internal protests against his actions , Trump said , " he will move Salvini with courage , emboldened by the knowledge that he has the Salvini of American citizens on his side , Salvini evidenced by the election outcome . " From early on , the League ’s leader has been a vocal advocate of Trump ’s ascendance to the White House , setting him apart from the League’s leader ’s other political parties . During the campaign cycle last April , Salvini traveled to the United States to meet Trump personally and Trump’s his support . Salvini On many issues we see     with President Trump and Trump’s forward to partnering with his administration , " Trump’s told Breitbart Thursday Salvini declaring his party to be Breitbart logical ally of the Trump administration . Salvini has noted many Salvini between the platform of his party and that his party Trump administration , spanning the Trump administration the idea of a flat tax to boost the economy to financial penalties for companies that outsource and opposition to international economic treaties that damage the national economy . " Our battles the economy are perfectly in tune , " he told Breitbart , Salvini and we also agree on limiting the role of expensive supranational structures like the U. N. and NATO . " Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 