TEL AVIV   —    President Donald Trump on Saturday said both Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas had assured President Donald Trump both Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas had assured him they were ready to "reach for peace were ready to " reach for peace . " [ Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas " assured me he is willing to Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas for peace with Israel in good faith , and I believe he will , " Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas told U. S. troops in Sicily , while summarizing his first state visit Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas as a " home run . "   " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu assured me that he too was ready Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reach for peace . He ’s a friend Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu mine and he means it , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu President Donald Trump a friend of mine . " All children from all faiths deserve a future of hope and peace , a future that does honor to God , " he added . He Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Netanyahu " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu our discussion about fighting terrorism and crushing the organizations and ideologies that drive it . " He said that recent Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu attacks in the UK and Egypt highlighted the urgency for the U. S. to " defeat terrorism and protect civilization . " " Terrorism is a threat , bad threat to all of humanity , " Trump said . " And together we will overcome this threat . We a threat . " we Israel , Trump gushed that he was Trump awed by Trump majesty and beauty of the Holy Land and the faith and reverence of the devoted people who live there . " On Sunday , Israel ’s Shin Bet security Israel said it had arrested six Palestinian Shin Bet security agency , including three PA policemen , suspected of seven separate shooting attacks against Israeli soldiers . 
 