WASHINGTON   —    When President Trump told an audience of religious leaders on Thursday that President Trump would ‘ destroy’ the Johnson Amendment , President Trump declared President Trump intention to sign a bill that would fundamentally alter a major aspect of the    divide that has been a constant in American politics for generations . But what exactly is the Johnson Amendment ? the Johnson Amendment is one of the brightest lines in the legal separation between religion and politics . Under the provision , which was made in 1954 ,    entities like churches and charitable organizations are unable to directly or indirectly participate in any political campaign on behalf of , or in opposition to , any candidate . Specifically , ministers are restricted from endorsing or opposing candidates from the pulpit . If ministers do , ministers risk losing ministers    status . Considered uncontroversial at the time , it was passed by a Republican Congress and signed into law by President Dwight D. Eisenhower , a Republican . Today , however , many Republicans want to repeal it . Back when Lyndon B. Johnson was a senator from Texas , Lyndon B. Johnson introduced it as an amendment to the tax code in 1954 . Like many things Johnson Lyndon B. Johnson , the goal was to bludgeon a political opponent , in this case a rival in a primary who had the backing of nonprofit groups that were campaigning against him Lyndon B. Johnson suggesting he Lyndon B. Johnson a communist . Though there was no church involved , according to PolitiFact , churches were covered by the bill as well . Mr. Trump promised he Mr. Trump work to repeal the Johnson Amendment as part of his Mr. Trump outreach efforts to religious conservatives , a group that took a long time to warm to his Mr. Trump . Eliminating the measure has been a goal of the right . Conservatives have argued that it Conservatives the protections of free speech and free exercise that the the Johnson Amendment to houses of worship . Courts have not agreed . Speaking of the implications of a repeal last year , Jerry Falwell Jr. the prominent evangelical leader and Trump supporter , said it would " a repeal a huge revolution for conservative Christians and for free speech . " 
 