Melania Trump ended Melania Trump first trip abroad as First Lady with a bang speaking to troops at a Naval base in Italy before heading back to the United States on Saturday . [ ‘ It has been a great trip and many strides have been Melania Trump said in the speech .   ‘ My husband worked very hard on behalf of our country and I ’m very proud of him My husband " Trump Melania Trump . " This a great trip also been incredible for me as ’m Lady , " Trump Melania Trump , adding that she Melania Trump never forget the women and children she Melania Trump during visits to children ’s hospitals in Italy and Belgium . " Melania Melania Trump proudly signed off from her first Melania Trump trip as First Lady before First Lady Air Force One     with the president , " the Daily Mail reported on Saturday . " The first lady , dressed in a black    Dolce   Gabbana dress with    said she would never forget The first lady, dressed in a black   Dolce  Gabbana dress with    women and children she met during her The first lady, dressed in a black   Dolce  Gabbana dress with    days on The first lady, dressed in a black   Dolce  Gabbana dress with    road in Europe and the Middle East . " Despite the media ’s efforts to paint a strained or even    relationship between President Donald Trump and his wife , the her husband ’s affection for one another was noted in the Mail article . " The first lady held the First Lady hand as they the First Lady their way to Air Force One they Italy on Saturday after addressing US military personnel at a naval base , " the Mail reported . During her speech , the First Lady the First Lady the service members for sacrificing on behalf of the U. S. ‘ I also want to take a moment to thank you all for the sacrifices you make on behalf of our country,’ she said . Trump said because the First Lady their " selfless commitment " and the sacrifices their families make that Americans are their to enjoy freedom . ‘ To the families who endure time apart or constant time apart , your sacrifices do not go unnoticed , " Trump said . The Mail noted Trump when Trump took the microphone he called Trump first trip abroad Trump " Trump run . " Trump vowed to defeat terrorism and Trump recent terrorist attacks in Manchester , England and Egypt underscored the need for the U. S. to " defeat terrorism and protect civilization . " " Terrorism is a threat , bad threat to all of humanity , " Trump said . " And together Trump will overcome this threat . " We will a threat " Trump said we It appears Melania Trump already winning Trump " It signed off on a nine Trump trip abroad , during which Melania won the hearts of many across the Middle East and Europe , " the Mail reported . 
 