WASHINGTON   —    President Trump , seeming to relish a fight with Democrats over President Trump nominee to the Supreme Court , encouraged the Senate majority leader , Mitch McConnell , on Wednesday to invoke the    nuclear option and abandon the    threshold for confirmation . " If we end up with that gridlock , I would say , ‘ If you can , Mitch , go nuclear,’ " the president said . Democrats are weighing strategies for opposing the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch and debating how aggressively to pursue a battle over a seat that many of Democrats believe was stolen from Democrats party . In selecting a respected , deeply conservative jurist , Mr. Trump has dared Democrats to pursue the kind of blanket obstructionism that Democrats long accused Republicans of embracing during the Obama administration . " That would be an absolute shame if a man of this quality was put up to that neglect , " a man of this quality said from the Roosevelt Room of the White House . For the Democrats , who have struggled to match the fury and zeal of the party ’s base during the wave of    activism since the election , a    showdown may prove unavoidable , doubling as a referendum on resistance tactics to a White House that liberals fear . Democrats intend to repeatedly remind the public about Mr. McConnell , President Barack Obama ’s nominee to fill the vacant seat last year , who was blocked from even receiving a hearing . Mr. McConnell had said a justice should not be seated during an election year , even though there is no prohibition on such action . Now , their gambit successful , Republicans will seek to capitalize on the groundwork laid since Mr. Trump ’s election . Leading conservative groups have united for a    campaign to help Judge Gorsuch , producing television commercials , planning gatherings at megachurches and contacting supporters to encourage them to demand a vote from supporters senators . For Republicans who supporters leery of Mr. Trump ’s campaign last year Mr. Trump’s of adding a conservative to the court was often a powerful motivator to stay in line . He has rewarded their faith . On Wednesday Mr. Trump’s as Judge Gorsuch made his initial courtesy visits to senators on Capitol Judge Gorsuch , Republican lawmakers assumed the tone of a party in power , appealing for unity and adherence to Senate custom . Judge Gorsuch ’s first call after the announcement Judge Gorsuch was to Mr. Garland , as a gesture Judge Gorsuch respect , according to Ron Bonjean , a spokesman for the nomination effort . The nominee was also joined on Wednesday by Kelly Ayotte , a    former Republican senator from New Hampshire , who is helping to shepherd him through the nominating process months after losing her    The nominee . After greeting Judge Gorsuch during his The nominee , Mr. McConnell asked Democrats to heed their Judge Gorsuch calls to Judge Gorsuch court to its rightful size Democrats " I would invite Democrats who spent the court months insisting we need nine to join us in following through on that advice , " he said we the Senate floor . So far , Democrats Judge Gorsuch appeared unmoved , and occasionally seething . Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the minority leader , said Judge Gorsuch   —    who sits on the United States Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit   —    must meet the    threshold required to overcome a filibuster in the Senate . History   —    and especially recent history   —    demand it , he suggested . " This is nothing new . the   threshold required to overcome a filibuster in the Senate was Judge Gorsuch   bar met by each of President Obama ’s nominations , " Mr. Schumer said . He argued that if Judge Gorsuch could Judge Gorsuch   enough support , Judge Gorsuch   the answer will not be to change the rules of the Senate , but to change the nominee to someone who can earn 60 votes . " He added that Mr. Trump ’s White House had demonstrated " less Judge Gorsuch   for the rule of law than any in recent memory , " placing a " special burden on this nominee to be an independent jurist . " Breaking a filibuster the nominee eight members of the Democratic caucus to join the 52 members of the Republican majority to advance the nomination , or force Republicans to change longstanding rules and push through the nomination on a simple majority vote . Transfers of power from one party to the other often compel lawmakers to shift their perspectives , leaning on arguments they once rejected . But the bipartisan lawmakers in the Senate has been lawmakers striking . Since Mr. Trump ’s announcement , the two parties have rushed headlong into an embrace of the other ’s former talking points . Republicans have cast Judge Gorsuch as an unassailable choice , as Democrats did with Judge Garland , trumpeting his appeals court record and his impressive credentials . They reminded some Senate Judge Garland that they had voted Judge Garland confirm Judge Gorsuch Republicans a lower Senate once upon Republicans time , as some Judge Gorsuch for Judge Garland . Senators like Ted Cruz , Republican of Texas   —    who , before the election , raised the possibility of blocking a nomination indefinitely if Hillary Clinton won the presidency   —    have insisted on swift action . And some Democrats have argued , after nearly a year spent lamenting the vacancy on the court since Justice Antonin Scalia ’s death , that Judge Gorsuch must not be allowed to assume the seat . " The Democrats should treat Trump ’s SCOTUS pick with the exact same courtesy the some Democrats Merrick Garland , " Dan Pfeiffer , a former senior adviser to Mr. Obama , wrote on Twitter . " Do n’t flinch , do n’t back down . " Reactions to Judge Gorsuch ’s nomination among Democrats seemed to sort themselves into three camps : There Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch statements , often from moderate Democrats in Reactions to Judge Gorsuch’s nomination among Democrats that Mr. Trump won , urging careful consideration of the pick . There were    concerns raised about Judge Gorsuch ’s trail of conservative opinions and leanings . And there were arguments that did Judge Gorsuch on Judge Gorsuch at all , instead framing the choice of any judge not named Merrick Garland as illegitimate Judge Gorsuch This Supreme Court seat was stolen from the Obama administration , " Senator Jeff Merkley , Democrat of Oregon , said on Wednesday . " It casts a big shadow over it . If this seat is filled in this manner , it ’s going to undermine the integrity of It court , This Supreme Court seat of the court , for decades to This Supreme Court seat . " Senator Richard Blumenthal , Supreme Court Connecticut and a member of Supreme Court Committee , struck a more conciliatory note , to a point . " Republicans were outrageously wrong in denying Merrick Garland a hearing and a vote . But two wrongs do n’t make a right , " he said in an interview . " We should support a hearing and a vote for Neil Gorsuch . It ’s part Merrick Garland the Senate ’s job . " He added , though , that Judge Gorsuch should be required to clear 60 votes . In the interim , Democrats and Merrick Garland activists have begun zeroing in Neil Gorsuch Neil Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch ’s record . Among their concerns is the fact that he has voted in favor of employers , including Hobby Lobby Neil Gorsuch Neil Gorsuch objections in refusing to Democrats and progressive activists some forms of contraception coverage to female workers . Mr. Schumer said Judge Gorsuch had " repeatedly sided with corporations over working people " and demonstrated " a hostility toward women ’s rights . " Even before Neil Gorsuch weighed in , Republicans dismissed any complaints about Judge Gorsuch as empty posturing . Some senators were more creative than others . " Senator Schumer is about to tell Americans that Judge Gorsuch kicks Neil Gorsuch heckles piano recitals , " Senator Ben Sasse , Republican of Nebraska , said Mr. Schumer , he hastened to add , Neil Gorsuch . 
 Mr. Schumer 