At last count , over 50 Democrats have announced 50 Democrats will be skipping    Donald Trump ’s inauguration on Friday , January 20 . [ The majority of 50 Democrats are from the deep blue state of California .   According to Roll Call , Democrats who are planning to skip   Donald Trump historic    ceremony include Reps . John Lewis ( ) Steve Cohen ( ) Jerrold Nadler ( ) Don Beyer ( ) Mark Takano ( ) Yvette Clarke ( ) Ted Liu ( ) Raul Grijalva ( ) John Conyers ( ) Mark Desaulnier ( ) Rep. Nydia Velazquez ( ) Kurt Schrader ( ) Pramila Jayapal ( ) William Lacy Clay ( ) Barbara Lee ( ) Jos Serrano ( ) Judy Chu ( ) Luis Gutierrez ( ) Jared Huffman ( ) Katherine Clark ( ) Earl Blumenauer ( ) Karen Bass ( ) Keith Ellison ( ) Adriano Espaillat ( ) Mark Pocan ( ) Maxine Waters ( ) Marcia Fudge ( ) Al Green ( ) Lucille    ( ) Bonnie Watson Coleman ( ) Anthony Brown ( ) Chellie Pingree ( ) John Yarmouth ( ) Dwight Evans ( ) Zoe Lofgren ( ) Grace Napolitano ( ) Raul Ruiz ( ) Adam Smith ( ) Darren Sotto ( ) Ruben Gallego ( ) G. K. Butterfield ( ) Joaquin Castro ( ) Tony Cardenas ( ) Mike Doyle ( ) Carol    ( ) Donald M. Payne ( ) Alma Adams ( . C. ) Brendan F. Boyle ( ) Robert A. Brady ( ) Frederica Wilson ( ) Jerry McNerney ( ) and Peter A. DeFazio ( ) . Although no Democratic senators have indicated they no Democratic senators be missing the inauguration , CNN has suggested that Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) has left the door open for those deciding to do so . Schumer Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer , " I think each person has to make the choice on their Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) has left the door open for those deciding to do so , but I do n’t begrudge those who have said they Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) has left the door open for those deciding to do so boycotting . Each person can make his Each person her Each person decision . " Dozens of Democratic lawmakers announced they Dozens of Democratic lawmakers not attend the inauguration after legendary civil rights activist Rep. John Lewis stated that he Rep. John Lewis not believe Trump is a " legitimate president , " that he Rep. John Lewis " wrong " for the nation , and that this is the first inauguration at which he Rep. John Lewis not be present . However , soon after he Rep. John Lewis his Rep. John Lewis , a report surfaced that Lewis Rep. John Lewis skipped George W. Bush ’s inauguration because he Rep. John Lewis not believe Bush George W. Bush the true elected president , thus it would be hypocritical for him George W. Bush attend . Trump tweeted , " John Rep. John Lewis about my inauguration ’s inauguration It will be the first one that I ’ve missed.’ WRONG ( or lie ) ! He boycotted Rep. John Lewis 43 also because he thought Rep. John Lewis would be hypocritical to attend Bush ’s George W. Bush …     . he does Rep. John Lewis believe Bush is George W. Bush true elected president.’ Sound familiar ! " John Lewis Rep. John Lewis my inauguration , " ’s inauguration be the first one that I ’ve missed . " WRONG ( or lie ) ! He boycotted Bush Rep. John Lewis also because he Bush 43 Rep. John Lewis —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) January 17 , 2017 ,   " thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush ’s     George W. Bush     . Bush’s     George W. Bush Bush is the George W. Bush elected George W. Bush familiar ! WP ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) January 17 , 2017 ,   New Hampshire Democrat Rep. Carol    noted that instead of attending the inauguration she ’ll go to religious services to " pray for all of our leaders and people . "    represents a congressional district that Trump won . In fact , Trump won more votes than    did .    received 162 Trump 080 votes in her district ,      Trump received 179 , 259 in    same district . Jeanie Trump , who is running for her district New Hampshire Republican Party , sent out a tweet pointing this out : . @realDonaldTrump won    district in Nov. Received more votes than @TeamSheaPorter https :   .   # nhpolitics ,   —    Jeanie Forrester ( @JeanieForrester ) January 17 , 2017 ,   Forrester , who is running uncontested and has received the backing of Gov. Chris Sununu ( ) will face elections on Jan. 28 . In response to the Democrats skipping the inauguration , Rep. Sean Duffy ( ) said , " Put your big boy pants on . " He added , " and let ’s start working together . " " Put your big boy pants on "   —    @RepSeanDuffy believes lawmakers should be attending Trump ’s inauguration https :   .    —    New Day ( @NewDay ) January 17 , 2017 ,   Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz 
 