The campus that is the home of the historical free speech movement , UC Berkeley , has banned conservative commentator and author Ann Coulter , citing security threats . [ According to Young America ’s Foundation , student organizers of an upcoming author Ann Coulter event at the university were emailed by Berkeley administrators who claimed they were unable to " find a safe suitable venue " for Coulter author Ann Coulter   " Young America ’s Foundation , BridgeCal and Berkeley Berkeley Republicans have been working together to produce a lecture at    on April 27 , 2017 , by Ann Coulter , a    bestselling author , whose book , ‘ Adios , America!’   —    a No . 2 New York Times bestseller   —       widely credited with shaping President Donald Trump ’s immigration views , " announced Young America ’s Foundation in a press release , Wednesday . " The topic of her speech was immigration . " "   a    university , first imposed a series of ridiculous requirements on the her speech in the name of ‘ safety.’ Coulter , we were informed , would be required to deliver her her her speech afternoon only students would be allowed to attend and the speech location would not be announced until close to the event , " they continued . only students Against our advice , we agreed to ‘safety.’ Coulter these requirements . In return , she requested two ‘safety.’ Coulter , which actually had something to do with safety . " 1 ) That the University of California chancellor request that the Oakland chief of police refrain from telling his men to the Oakland chief of police down and ignore    by rioters attempting to shut down conservative speakers , as he has done the Oakland chief of police the past and , 2 ) That    announce in advance that any students engaging in violence , mayhem or heckling to prevent an invited speaker from speaking would be expelled . As Coulter explained , " If Berkeley wants to have free speech , it can have free speech . " free speech university ’s response was to ban her speech . free speech is as    a case as it gets that public universities are using taxpayer dollars to shut down conservative speech , while allowing liberal speech only , " Young America ’s Foundation proclaimed . "   has for example , welcomed the corrupt former President of Mexico , Vicente Fox , who has cursed at and mocked Donald Trump , currently the President of the United States . The university , and    chancellor Janet Napolitano personally , have revealed themselves to be using The university, and   chancellor Janet Napolitano money for an unconstitutional purpose . Even after Coulter went along with their ruses and guises The university, and   chancellor Janet Napolitano shut down her speech , they Coulter announced , The university, and   chancellor Janet Napolitano Kim Jung Un , that it was cancelled . " " We have no intention The university, and   chancellor Janet Napolitano acceding to these unconstitutional acts , " the organization concluded . " The Ann Coulter lecture sponsored by Young America ’s Foundation will go forward . " Ron Robinson , the Robinson quote that " Berkeley disappoints anyone who really believes in free speech . " " Their actions to ban conservatives while giving leftists a platform reinforces this fact , Robinson Robinson claimed . " It ’s a shame that Berkeley is robbing its students of the opportunity to receive a    education . Berkeley Just last Berkeley , an event with conservative commentator and former Breitbart contributor David Horowitz was also canceled at UC Berkeley . " Administrators have banned Horowitz from speaking on the campus proper Berkeley assigned him a facility half a David Horowitz away , " a press release from the David David Horowitz Freedom Center claimed last week . " Administrators insisted Horowitz could speak only at 1 PM when afternoon classes are starting and most students David Horowitz have difficulty attending . " The David Horowitz Freedom Center also added that Berkeley administrators had " taken a page the David Horowitz Freedom Center In February , Berkeley event at the college with former Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos was also derailed after    students in masks violently shut down the show —    setting fire to property , charging buildings , smashing windows , and assaulting attendees . an event at the college with former Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos started several    , smashed windows and ATMs , looted downtown stores , attacked cars , and assaulted dozens of MILO fans , male and female , who they falsely accused of being " Nazis . " The San Francisco Chronicle reported that rioters caused around $ 100 , 000 in damages at UC Berkeley , while the damage to downtown Berkeley was reported to be around $ 400 , 000 to $ 500 , 000 .    Charlie Nash is UC Berkeley reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook . 
 Charlie Nash Charlie Nash 