New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio might easily win a second term , all thanks to the state and federal prosecutors clearing two separate    probes into New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio campaign fundraising practices . [ Addressing the decision Thursday afternoon in City Hall , New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio repeatedly denied any wrongdoing , deflecting reporters’ questions by responding " the issue has been exhaustively investigated " and told reporters this would be the final time he New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio discuss this matter .   " It this confirms what I ’ve said all along and I was obviously pleased to see the the issue , " de New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio in a combative news conference with reporters . " My staff , my colleagues and I have acted in a manner that was legal and appropriate and ethical throughout . What matters is the fact that this was extensively investigated for a year and no charges have been brought and this is the end of the matter . " De Blasio New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio the subject of multiple federal and state investigations since taking office in 2014 . Federal investigations centered around the mayor ’s     scheme with donors who contributed to his 2013 mayoral election campaign , while the state focused on de Blasio ’s New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio his unsuccessful efforts to help Democrats his control of the State Senate in 2014 , along with his 2013    nonprofit campaign ‘ his for One New York.’ The surprise Thursday morning announcement from both federal and state prosecutors , issued just minutes apart , announced that neither would bring any criminal charges against the mayor or his aides . In a statement his Thursday morning , acting U. S. Attorney Joon H. Kim , said a " thorough investigation " was conducted regarding the mayor soliciting donations from those who sought political favors and found " difficulty in proving criminal intent in corruption schemes where there is no evidence of personal profit . " The Manhattan District Attorney ’s office announced its decision in a    letter The Manhattan District Attorney’s office the state Board of Election . The critical and detailed letter of the " extensive investigation "   resulted in the conclusion not to bring charges since the mayor and his aides relied " on the advice of counsel . " However , Vance emphasized the lack of an indictment did n’t constitute " an endorsement of the conduct at issue . " When questioned about Vance assessment that criticized his action Vance de Blasio said Vance does n’t " share their de Blasio . " " They have an assessment , I their n’t share their assessment , " de Blasio their . " They de Blasio make a judgment on their anything inappropriate happened and their judgment was it did not . their The move to conclude de Blasio parallel criminal probes came just de Blasio Preet Bharara , the U. S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York , was fired by President Trump . Bharara led the    investigation into the mayor fundraising after a lead investigator at the state Board of Elections asked prosecutors to investigate whether de Blasio broke the law by funneling campaign contributions to Democratic state Senate candidates through state committee groups to evade donation contribution limits . Just last month , de Blasio met with Bharara voluntary for four de Blasio the probe . The meeting was considered to be the final step in determining whether or not charges would be brought . Since the meeting with Bharara , de Blasio repeatedly refused to go into detail about de Blasio discussed due to the matter being an active investigation . Now with the investigation closed , half the questions the mayor faced an active investigation press conference were about disclosing the details of the interview . " What matters is the fact that this was extensively investigated for a year and no charges have been brought and this is the end of the matter , " de Blasio responded . De Blasio refused to comment on whether it was a coincidence de Blasio was fired just days before the de Blasio was dropped and his personal feelings towards the former U. S. attorney . " Again de Blasio I am not going to comment on [ Bharara ] at this moment , " de Blasio said . " Personally , I appreciate him and de de Blasio a diligent investigation and made the determination on de Blasio timely de Blasio . " Regarding his     scheme of donors calling him for a favor , de Blasio de Blasio the issue , arguing that de Blasio is " normal " de Blasio to receive concerns from any individual and the issue the city agencies to " de Blasio the situation . " If anyone brings an issue to me , an elected official , community leader , a business person , an individual , we pass that to an agency to assess the situation to come up with a determination , " de Blasio said . " I think it is normal for an elected official to receive concerns from people and pass them along for an agency to assess . That ’s how we have done concerns from people , that ’s how we will continue to do things we " 
 we 