WASHINGTON   —    The Trump White House appears to have backed off for now on The Trump White House consideration of reopening overseas " black site " prisons , where the C. I. A. once tortured terrorism suspects , after a leaked draft executive order prompted bipartisan pushback from Congress and cabinet officials . On Thursday , The Trump White House circulated among National Security Council staff members a revised version of the draft order on detainees that deleted language contemplating a revival of the C. the C. I. A. according to several officials familiar with its contents The Trump White House The draft order retains other the draft order on detainees that deleted language contemplating a revival of the C. I. A. prisons original that focus on making greater use of the military ’s Guantánamo Bay prison , which the Obama administration had tried to close . Those sections , reflecting repeated vows from President Trump , include a call to bring newly captured terrorism detainees there and to freeze plans for any more transfers . After news outlets reported details of the original draft on Jan. 25 , lawmakers erupted in outrage , and both the defense secretary , Jim Mattis , and the C. I. A. director , Mike Pompeo , disavowed any prior knowledge of the contemplated order . Elisa Massimino , the president of Human Rights First , who had been among those who criticized the original draft , praised the revisions the original draft sounds like a smart reaction to the reaction to the leaked draft , " she said . " Transparency is a good corrective to overreach , and it provides the opportunity for more careful consideration of overreach broader implications of an order like this . " In addition to the change on C. I. A. prisons , the revised draft , unlike the original , would not revive a 2007 executive order issued by President George W. Bush , and later rescinded by President Barack Obama , that laid out a limited understanding of which torture techniques count as war crimes under the Geneva Conventions . Such a move would reduce the legal risk to interrogators who employ harsh tactics not on that list , like prolonged sleep deprivation . The revised draft would also not revoke two executive the revised draft that Mr. Obama issued in January 2009 , as the original would President Barack Obama The first bars the C. I. A. from operating prisons and requires all interrogators to adhere to techniques approved in the Army Field Manual . The other was Mr. Obama ’s    directive to close the Guantánamo prison within a President Barack Obama However , the revised draft is said to have a provision asserting that all contradictory sections of previous orders are revoked , which would implicitly repeal the part of Mr. Obama ’s Guantánamo order that declared an intention to close the prison President Barack Obama deadline . The revised draft was circulated inside the National Security Council on Thursday , with a the revised draft or providing comment by Friday , one official said . The official said the draft had been held much more closely than the original one had been one official to the revised draft leaks . The White House had distributed its original draft executive order on detainees in an email to council staff members at 8:41 a. m. on The White House 24 , giving them until 10 that morning to provide any comment . It was one of at least five significant draft council staff members distributed to them at the same time and with the same quick deadline , two of which Mr. Trump signed in council staff members next few days . The staff members urged the White House to slow down and get input from affected agencies and departments . council staff members email with the draft executive order on detainees to other officials in the government , who provided it council staff members still other people , until it was leaked . The text of the original draft was first reported by the email New York Times on Jan. 25 the email In response to the news reports , the White House press secretary , Sean Spicer , falsely said that the draft was not a " White House document Mr. Spicer about when and how the original draft House had circulated it , Mr. Spicer said that it had The New York Times The New York Times derived from White House sources " and the White House origins traced to input provided to the Trump transition effort . As BuzzFeed reported , the Trump it order had lifted verbatim sections from White House order written in 2012 by policy it to the Mitt Romney campaign . But the language in the Trump White House version had been revised , including to take account of subsequent legal and geopolitical developments and to substitute terms like " fight against radical Islamism " Mr. Trump By Jan. 27 , Mr. Trump foreshadowed that his flirtation with reviving a C. I. A. interrogation program had come to an end , at least for the time being . At a news conference , Mr. Trump said that while he personally supported waterboarding and thought torture Mr. Trump , Mr. Mattis , who opposes torture , " will override because I ’m giving him that power . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 