In 1969 , Governor Ronald Reagan of California was met with a problem that will sound familiar to those who were following my college tour last week : batshit crazy leftists rioting at UC Berkeley . [ Governor Ronald Reagan of California answer was to send in the National Guard , armed with buckshot and batons . Contrast this with Berkeley UC Berkeley more recent approach , which was to give professor and former Labor Secretary Robert Reich a platform to spew a hysterical conspiracy theory in which Breitbart and I hired domestic terrorists to beat up my own fans and the residents of Berkeley UC Berkeley smash up Bank of America ATMs , Starbucks and trashcans .   But back to Reagan . He Reagan gave a news conference , where , in Daddyesque fashion , he Reagan down members of the media for encouraging the lawlessness . GOAT . Reagan Reagan how to handle lawless rioters . 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 pic . twitter .    —    Rita Panahi ( @RitaPanahi ) November 12 , 2016 ,   The good news for President Trump and others interested in maintaining law and order in the face of leftist anarchy is that police    has advanced since the 1960s , and there is no need to send in the National Guard with shotguns , as Reagan did , which ended up killing one student . In the    century , pepper spray and foam cannons can accomplish the same job without fatalities . And there ’s even better news . There ’s a way to defeat protests without buckshot , foam cannons , or pepper spray . A way to beat them before they them begin . It ’s simple : defund UC Berkeley , and any other campus that encourages the mad , radical politics that is now causing violence on America ’s streets on a daily basis . The Department of Education largely controls the    of American colleges . At UC UC Berkeley year , federal funding came to $ 370 million   —    more than half the university ’s budget . Colleges fear the withdrawal of federal funds so much that when the Obama administration merely hinted at doing so in 2011 over the largely fabricated " campus rape epidemic , " it led the Obama administration one of the greatest outbreaks of panic and miscarriages of justice in American history , as colleges set up kangaroo courts which frequently expelled students for sexual assault based on threadbare evidence . The left are well aware of the existential threat they face The left That ’s why it ’s Betsy DeVos   —    and not , say , Jeff Sessions   —    who is facing the toughest confirmation hearing . Jeff Sessions Jeff Sessions  —   who is facing the toughest confirmation hearing , of course , and will no doubt do extraordinary work in foiling the mad globalist dream of open borders , but it ’s what Trump might do in education that really strikes terror into the hearts of the left . Higher education is their ideological breeding Higher education the mad leftist displays that you see in Hollywood and Silicon Valley start on college campuses . Sessions is a problem for the left on the left of fronts , notably law and order and immigration . But if DeVos is bold and aggressive enough , she could tear out DeVos beating heart of leftist power   —    college ideological indoctrination . If colleges were effectively    by DeVos , the left DeVos take the left recover . At this point , some libertarians   —    like the American party ’s cretinous chairman   —    will be clutching their pearls at the thought some libertarians  —   like the American party using the federal government to influence colleges . Once again ( and this is why the right and why libertarians so often lose ) they fail to grasp the libertarians libertarian argument   —    libertarian ideals will come to nothing in a culture that does n’t respect liberty . This is what the ‘ do what you want , just leave me in peace to mine bitcoin and smoke weed’ faction of libertarianism   —    I. e. most libertarians   —    do n’t understand . A similar argument obtains when talking about protecting the first amendment from sources of hostility to free speech , such as Islam , feminism and most of the media . And where are cultural values incubated ? Colleges , of course ! As long as campuses are churning out students who hate free speech and free markets , what hope is there for libertarian policy priorities ? If libertarians want to live in a free society , they ’d better get ready libertarians tread on their opponents . At my libertarians Berkeley show last week ,    set college property on fire , smashed up bank windows and ATMs , jumped on people ’s cars , and looted downtown stores , including the    liberal Starbucks . They also assaulted dozens of my fans , who were falsely accused of being " Nazis . " The San Francisco Chronicle reports that    rioters caused around $    , 000 in damages that night , with the riot starting at the college before spreading to downtown Berkeley . $ 600 , 000 . That ’s an awful lot of money for a communist tantrum . The day after , my tour bus was tracked and my hotel location was leaked online .    Berkeley activists took out    Berkeley of their frustration on the bus Berkeley activists which was vandalized with spray paint . Following the chaos , only one suspect was arrested , and celebrities , the mainstream media , the Mayor of Berkeley , and UC Berkeley Berkeley blamed the Berkeley me —    a homosexual conservative only one suspect was unable to deliver a speech because students , brainwashed by their Marxist professors , decided to set their campus on fire . For students, brainwashed by their Marxist professors , the university campus has been a their campus , brainwashing generation after generation in the most fashionable and foolhardy leftist ideas of the day . From professors offering extra credit to attend    rallies to courses on " The Problem of Whiteness , " leftists on campus are teaching younger generations how to hate . Is it any wonder that they then go around smashing windows and punching leftists on campus in the face ? And if that is n’t bad enough , these thugs are absolutely terrible at identifying their leftists on campus   —    according to the leftists on campus of Malini Ramaiyer in the New York Times , one person called a " Nazi " and assaulted was a Syrian Muslim student . Oops ! Who could have predicted training young people to attack instead of argue could turn out badly ? And by the way , if you ’re a NYT or Buzzfeed or CNN journalist ‎reading this , you ’re to blame too , for creating an environment in which it ’s okay to call conservatives Nazis and white supremacists . What did you think was going to happen ? The current atmosphere is also terrible for college students themselves . They ’re paying hundreds of thousands of dollars to college students themselves what are effectively progressive madrasas , turning them into little more than brainwashed street fighters . college students themselves , a gender studies graduate seems more likely to end up in jail for destruction of property than in a stable job . Perhaps that is part of the plan   —    striking fear into the patriarchy one load of prison laundry at a time . It can end , and it must end , or America will face eight It of violence on its streets , and who knows what state the America will be in after that ? all America universities refuse to honor their first amendment responsibilities . It starts with Berkeley . public universities Daddy , tear down their funding . DANGEROUS is available to    now via Amazon , in hardcover and Kindle editions . And yes , MILO is reading the audiobook version himself !   Follow Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Facebook , Instagram and Snapchat . Hear him every Friday on The Milo Yiannopoulos Show . Write MILO Milo at milo@breitbart . com . 
 MILO 