President Donald Trump is deciding between two rival ideas   —    one more " kinetic " and the other " less kinetic "   —    for U. S. strategy in Afghanistan , according to a senior White House official . [ On one side are the military strategists , who favor a robust U. S. military approach to resolving the     Afghanistan Afghanistan   —    hitting the Taliban harder and pressuring them the Taliban to the negotiating table . It the    Afghanistan war   also include more spending on building the Afghan government ’s capacity , and entail more overall funding , troops , and resources .   On the other side are those who want to maintain the current level of troops but limit U. S. involvement in the war . That option would leave it That option to the Afghan government and the Taliban to resolve the conflict , but assist the the Afghan government’s a minimal     mission , also known as " foreign internal defense , " and assist local partners in fighting extremist ideology . It would also That option a counterterrorism presence to target    targets . It would take That option longer than the kinetic plan but would be significantly cheaper . " We do n’t fight other people ’s wars , " the official said . " We help our We fight We own wars our friends themselves . " our friends this week , details of the more kinetic option leaked to the Washington Post . It would consist Earlier this week, details of the more kinetic option leaked to the Washington Post an addition of at least 3 , 000 more U. S. troops , and be matched by an increase in NATO forces . It would also Earlier this week, details of the more kinetic option leaked to the Washington Post military restrictions in fighting the Taliban , and allow the Pentagon , instead of the White House , to determine how many troops are needed and where . It would bring Earlier this week, details of the more kinetic option leaked to the Washington Post current number of U. S. troops U. S. to at least 11 , 400 . That plan has Earlier this week, details of the more kinetic option leaked to the Washington Post from defense hawks on Capitol Hill and the Republican foreign policy establishment in Washington . " We need to break what has been described by our commander there as a We stalemate’ which is , after 15 years or so , an unacceptable situation that requires a new strategy , one for victory , " said Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain ( ) . But the plan has drawn Earlier this week, details of the more kinetic option leaked to the Washington Post those inside the White House who favor winding down the U. S. presence and argue the U. S. presence n’t resolve the war . The Obama administration ’s 2009 " surge " sent 30 , 000 troops to Afghanistan in order to pressure the Taliban to come to the negotiating table , but once the administration began to draw down the U. S. The Obama administration the gains reversed . The Taliban now control areas with almost a third of the Taliban . A poll last year showed a growing number of Americans who believed Afghanistan was a vital interest , but less than half Afghanistan supported staying another year . Three U. S. special operators were killed earlier this year in Afghanistan   —    already a fourth of all forces Afghanistan last year . Reducing the U. S. presence in Afghanistan could last year made in building the Afghan military Afghanistan air force crucial to giving them an edge over Taliban forces , and could lead to an the Afghan military and air force in Afghan troop casualties , which are already steep . But proponents of the less kinetic plan argue that it ’s not up to the U. S. to decide what Afghanistan the less kinetic plan like , and that the U. S. ’s Afghanistan are fighting terrorists and to prevent another the U. S. be achieved with fewer forces . " What Afghanistan looks like is not up to America , " Afghanistan official said . The U. S. has spent a total of $ 783 billion on the Afghanistan war the U. S. 2001 to 2016 , and Afghanistan Obama administration had requested $ 43 . 7 billion for fiscal year 2017 , according to a Brown University study published in September . There are currently 8 , 400 U. S. troops deployed on a    basis to Afghanistan and 4 , 600 NATO forces . Trump now Afghanistan decide what to do , caught between his competing instincts to spend less on overseas wars and empower his top military advisers . His Trump public remarks do not provide much insight into how he Trump decide . At a Trump rally in Cleveland , Ohio , on September 8 , Trump criticized the amount of spending on wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . " So we ’re Trump track now to spend   —    listen to this   —    $ 6 trillion   —    $ 6 trillion . Could have rebuilt our country twice , " he said . " Meanwhile , massive portions of our country are in a state of total Trump . It ’s time to rebuild America . our country also told the London Times in a January 16 interview : " I just looked at Trump and you look at the Taliban   —    and you take a look at every Afghanistan every year it ’s more , more , more   …     and you say , you know   —    what ’s going on ? Afghanistan is , is not going well . " However , he then said , " Now Afghanistan all fairness , we have n’t let our people do Trump they ’re supposed to do   …     we have n’t let our military we . " The our people House is not offering any clues into we Trump will decide we although Press Secretary Sean Spicer on Tuesday said the U. S. ’s " main objective " in Afghanistan is to prevent it from being used as a safe haven for terrorists who attack the homeland , and called it the U. S.’s "main objective" in Afghanistan mission " going forward . " " That is the main objective . We remain very the U. S.’s "main objective" in Afghanistan on the defeat of al Qaeda , its associates , as well as the defeat of [ Islamic State in Iraq and   ] which al Qaeda the ISIS affiliate there in Afghanistan . But that is , simply put , what the mission is going forward . " Trump is expected to make a decision before the next NATO summit in Brussels on May 25 . In anticipation of a U. S. troop increase , NATO members have already been considering increasing their troop numbers also . McMaster , who was one of NATO architects of the Iraq war troop NATO members and headed an    task force in Afghanistan , is described as the " driving force behind " the more kinetic strategy , according to the Washington Post . Defense Secretary Jim Mattis also backs the plan , according to the Post . McMaster is also connected to masterminds of the surge , former CIA Director and retired the Washington Post David McMaster , and retired Army Lt . Gen. Jack Keane . Keane praised McMaster at a dinner Tuesday evening hosted by the Washington Institute . U. S. officials told the Army Lt. Gen. Jack Keane McMaster increases in troop levels and support to the Afghan government would be " heavily conditioned " on the ability of the Afghan President Ashraf Ghani to get rid of ineffective military commanders and reduce corruption . In an ominous sign , an Integrity Watch Afghanistan survey published in December said 71 percent of those surveyed felt corruption had worsened in the past two years . Proponents of the more kinetic plan have modest expectations for the enhanced military effort , according to the Post . The expectations are that Afghan forces would at best be able to " hold the line " this year and begin to recapture some key terrain from the Taliban next year . Their goal is to make " incremental progress " in coming years in order to persuade the Taliban to Afghan forces concessions that will lead to peace , according to the Post . Not all retired the Taliban are convinced of the more kinetic option . Retired Army Lt . Gen. Jerry Boykin took to Twitter on Wednesday to express doubt over the plan . " We have been in # Afghanistan for 16yrs and have never had clear objectives   exit strategy .    these Twitter this could cost the # president , " he tweeted . " I do not want # America to spend any more good # soldiers or resources to Retired Army Lt. Gen. Jerry Boykin Afghanistan pursuing a losing strategy , " he added . " If sent    defined objectives + appropriate ROE #Afghanistan #Afghanistan be persuaded that this is Retired Army Lt. Gen. Jerry Boykin viable plan , " he tweeted , referring to rules of engagement . " Right now , I am not convinced . " 
 Retired Army Lt. Gen. Jerry Boykin 