Linda Sarsour is a principal organizer for Woman ’s March on Washington following President Donald Trump ’s inauguration . [ Linda Sarsour rise to liberal stardom following the march has occurred in spite of Linda Sarsour support for    views and outrageous attacks on    women leaders .   Sarsour , who serves as the executive director of the Arab American Association of New York ( AAANY ) and who was honored by    Obama ’s White House as a " champion of change , " seems as if she makes it a point to attach she to every social justice cause known to man and tie every social justice to Palestine . For example , in November , she attached she to the cause of blocking Dakota Access Pipeline and made sure to bring she Palestinian flag . This shameless promotion could also be seen at the Women ’s March as well . When addressing the crowd , she made sure to inject some Palestinian solidarity into the cause of blocking Dakota Access Pipeline , stating " you can count on [ she ] your Palestinian Muslim sister to keep she voice loud . " she also made sure to note that she was she " Palestinian grandmother ’s who lives in occupied territory wildest dream . " However , she biggest splash that weekend was when the level of she hypocrisy towards the cause espoused by she ’s March was pointed out to the public . Specifically , a tweet of Sarsour ’s dismissing the misogynistic views of Saudi Arabia simply because the country Saudi Arabia paid maternity leave program , has been making the rounds on social media . Sarsour dismisses Sarsour fact that women in Saudi Arabia are Saudi Arabia    citizens who are unable to drive , interact with men , and dress as they please as inconsequential men In addition to her dismissal of Saudi subjugation of women , she has attacked a her calling attention to the plight of women in the Islamic world . Sarsour has been a vocal critic of the executive producer of the film , Ayaan Hirsi Ali , a former Dutch Parliamentarian ,    and vocal critic of Islam who was also the victim of female genital mutilation . In 2011 , Sarsour took to twitter Sarsour vulgarly berated Hirsi Ali and ACT for America founder , Brigitte Gabriel , and said , " I wish I could take their vaginas away   Hirsi Ali and ACT for America founder, Brigitte Gabriel    they do n’t deserve Hirsi Ali and ACT for America founder, Brigitte Gabriel be women . " This is especially in vulgar considering the suffering Hirsi Ali has endured Hirsi Ali after the tweet was uncovered , instead of owning up to the vulgar tweet and apologizing , she tried to delete it before it was seen the vulgar tweet too the vulgar tweet people .   Sarsour also has a long history of criticizing Israel in ways that cross the line into    and terrorist sympathizing . She supports the discriminatory and she BDS Movement and has claimed that " nothing is creepier " than Zionism . She called for solidarity with she Allan , a member of the terrorist group Palestinian Islamic Jihad who has a history of recruiting suicide bombers . After her hypocrisy towards Woman ’s she ’s was she , she defended herself by describing she on she as fascist , claiming she Fascism is here " and that " [ w]e can not allow them to criminalize our leaders w]e movements using baseless claims   …      Remember , we are and can be our true # NeverAgain generation . " She describes those supporting her she her " Love she . she To them , legitimate criticisms of those supporting her as her "Love Army her views and her associations she hollow . she that sponsored the march   —    including the official twitter account of Woman ’s March , Human Rights Watch , Black Lives Matter , Amnesty International , and the Southern Poverty Law Center   —    have launched a full scale defense of Sarsour . The hashtag # IMarchWithLinda trended on Twitter . Cable news personality Sally Kohn issued several tweets defending Sarsour , including calls for Sarsour to donate to the AAANY . I do n’t think Kohn is aware that the Cable news personality Sally Kohn used to receive the AAANY from Qatar Foundation International , an organization closely linked to the Qatari government . Additionally , because of her ties to New York Mayor Bill de Blasio , the AAANY was able to secure the AAANY , 000 in funding for the AAANY . Sarsour also received several the AAANY from , among others , Susan Sarandon , Mark Ruffalo , and Russell Simmons . Hey , if Mark Ruffalo likes her she must be good , right ? her her attestations are nice , they are not proof that someone ’s even personal attestations good person . Even terrible people can find someone who thinks they ’re nice . Those supporting her do Even terrible people care that she promotes terrorists her do n’t care that her vulgarly called Those supporting her a victim of female her mutilation to have her genitalia removed and they are not concerned her she downplays misogyny Those supporting her Saudi Arabia . As her as they ’re concerned , she helped set up Those supporting her March so therefore her ’s the bees knees . Sarsour is her as a rising star in leftist circles and the Democratic Party .    The left needs to take the blinders off and take a long , hard look at the people they ’re propping up as role models . The left VanNess is the director of the Middle East Peace   Security Project at The Center for Security Policy . 
 