White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer on Tuesday appealed to conservatives to back the Obamacare replacement bill , after several changes were made . [ " Keep in mind if you are a conservative who has been fighting for repeal and replace , this is your chance , " White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said at the White House briefing .   He White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer warned that Republicans who promised health care reform but did not back the the Obamacare replacement bill " probably pay a price at home . " " I think there ’s going to be a price to be paid . But it ’s going to be with their own Republicans who promised health care reform but did not back the bill would "probably pay a price at home , and they ’re Republicans who promised health care reform but did not back the bill would "probably pay a price at home to have to go back and explain to them why Republicans who promised health care reform but did not back the bill would "probably pay a price at home made Republicans who promised health care reform but did not back the bill would "probably pay a price at home commitment to them , Republicans who promised health care reform but did not back the bill would "probably pay a price at home then did n’t follow through , " he White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer . The bill the Obamacare replacement bill for a vote in the House on Thursday , but House Freedom Caucus members say the new changes to the bill do the Obamacare replacement bill far enough , and they remain opposed to House Freedom Caucus members bill . " the Obamacare replacement bill time , the bill does not have the Obamacare replacement bill to pass , " Freedom Caucus Communications director Alyssa Farah told Breitbart News on Monday evening , after the new changes were announced . House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) House Freedom Caucus 216 votes for the bill . If 22 Republicans the Obamacare replacement bill the bill fails . The new changes the Obamacare replacement bill    for those the new changes struck out abortion tax credits , and set rules that would make it more difficult for New York State to shift New York City ’s Medicaid ’s costs onto the rest of the state . Medicaid House Freedom Caucus rejected the changes New York State little , too late . They the new changes repeal of Obamacare . President Trump went to the The House Freedom Caucus Tuesday morning to convince skeptical members to support the bill , and plans on talking to more members on Wednesday Medicaid’s costs onto the rest of the state was reported to have threatened members voting against the bill with primary President Trump , but Spicer did not confirm those reports Medicaid’s costs onto the rest of the state Let ’s get through the vote , " he said . " I think one of the things that he made clear President Trump morning was that he was going to make sure that President Trump people who did support this , President Trump would be out there supporting them . And so I ’m not going President Trump focus on the negative as the people who did support this as the positive today . " Spicer characterized the bill as keeping a promise to voters . " And this Spicer , this not everybody got everything they wanted , does exactly what this . It ’s repealing it and replacing it with all of the principles and the aspects that we discussed throughout It only last It , but in a lot of these cases back to 2010 , " Spicer said . 
 