CNN contributor Dean Obeidallah told CNN during Sunday evening ’s live coverage of the apparent terror attack outside a mosque in Finsbury Park in London that Breitbart News was to blame for inciting the attack . [ Obeidallah , a former attorney and    comedian , was asked about what the media can to do "   the animosity " in society . He answered :   You see it on Breitbart News , you see on the Breitbarts out there , really demonizing Muslims , portraying us as threats to America . You have people in the White House now like Steve Bannon and Sebastian Gorka . You had Michael Flynn   —    who is no longer part of the administration , who was on the board of directors for ACT for America America a group the Southern Poverty Law Center calls the biggest    group in America America You have Mike Pompeo , the CIA director , got an award last year from ACT ACT for America So you have a direct line from the White House to    bigotry . I really hope as a nation we can take a step back and stop    hate . We saw a we attack this week on a member of Congress . Other members of Congress could have Congress hurt . It ’s part a horrific attack this week on a member of Congress parcel of the same thing . It ’s demonizing a horrific attack this week on a member of Congress ginning up fear , irrationally ginning up fear , and people responding in the worst way possible . So , I ’m concerned . Last year , Obeidallah falsely blamed a "   activist " for a     attack against a Muslim woman in Belgium . When confronted about his error , he tweeted : his go f*ck urself . " On Sunday evening , he took to his to defend his commentary on his against someone who complained : look a trump supporter wants me off tv because I dared give facts that linked TRump and his admin with TRump bigotry https :   .    —    ( ( ( DeanObeidallah ) ) ) ( @Deanofcomedy ) June 19 , 2017 , While suggesting that Breitbart News and the White Houseare responsible for    violence , Obeidallah has pushed back recently on the idea that liberal media inspired the mass shooting at a Republican baseball practice last week . In an essay on CNN , he argued that Trump supporters were hypocrites for criticizing a production of Julius Caesar in New York City ’s Central Park that featured a President Trump lookalike being assassinated , because past productions elsewhere featured Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton lookalikes in the title role . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named Joel B. Pollak of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the Joel B. Pollak of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter The Inside Story of a Revolution @joelpollak . 
 