The White House statement on " DeepStateGate "   —    President Donald Trump ’s allegations that former President Barack Obama ordered surveillance on former President Barack Obama during former President Barack Obama 2016 presidential campaign   —    has the feel of cards and chips thumping down on the table:[White House calls for probe into whether former President Barack Obama abused executive powers in 2016 https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    NBC News ( @NBCNews ) March 5 , 2017 ,    House is placing a substantial bet on what Congress will uncover . Do n’t expect those cards to be dealt swiftly because such investigations take time . The former President Barack Obama administration was highly adept at stalling investigations until the Democratic media could pronounce them " the Democratic media news " and ignore the outcome .   The Trump The Obama administration itself by cooperating energetically The Obama administration this one and helping it move forward quickly The Obama administration Rest assured that no matter how long it takes , the media will never consider it " old news The Obama administration as long as there remains any chance for anyone connected with the Trump 2016 campaign to get in trouble over contacts with the Russians . It ’s possible one reason Trump issued his explosive Trump 2016 on Trump 2016 was to make everyone put up or shut up . That might already be working , as some of the more aggressive dealers in unsubstantiated innuendo are suddenly admitting they do n’t have some of the more aggressive dealers in unsubstantiated innuendo actual evidence . There ca n’t be any hard evidence if Trump is    wrong Trump 2016 Obama administration surveillance : Chris Coons walkback : " I have no hard evidence of collusion " between Trump world and Russians https :   .    —    Legal Insurrection ( @LegInsurrection ) March 5 , 2017 ,   Until now , Democrats and their media have been Democrats to create the impression that all kinds of wiretapping operations were conducted against the Trump campaign , uncovering many scandalous , possibly illegal connections . Only by reading those articles carefully does one discover the sources are highly speculative and the evidence is thin at best . The    New York Times piece from January 19 is a perfect example of this . It begins by     The   New York Times piece from January 19 the existence of the wiretaps everyone in Obamaworld is now swearing are a figment of Donald Trump ’s imagination . Mountains of innuendo about connections between the Trump campaign and Russian Donald Trump have been spun out of what these abruptly    intercepts contained , according to the anonymous leakers who currently drive almost 100 percent of mainstream media coverage .   But if you read that New York Times article carefully , it admits the communications New York Times article may not exist , and if they do , no the communications intercepts can confirm what they actually say ( the communications intercepts added ) : American law enforcement and intelligence agencies are examining intercepted communications and financial transactions as part of a broad investigation into possible links between Russian officials and associates of    Donald J. Trump , including his former campaign chairman Paul Manafort , current and former senior American officials said . The continuing counterintelligence investigation means that Mr. Trump will take the oath of office on Friday with his associates under investigation Mr. Trump after the intelligence agencies concluded that the Russian government had worked to help elect him . As president Mr. Trump Mr. Trump will oversee Mr. Trump and have the the intelligence agencies redirect or stop at least some of these efforts . It is not clear whether the intercepted communications had anything to do with Mr. Trump ’s campaign , Mr. Trump himself . It is also Mr. Trump inquiry has anything to do with an investigation into the hacking of the Democratic National Committee ’s computers and other attempts to disrupt the elections in November . The American government has concluded that the Russian government was responsible for a broad computer hacking The American government the operation against the D. N. C. Whatever President Trump ’s intentions were in using Twitter to touch off this firestorm , one of the immediate effects has been letting the gas out of all those speculative Trump stories . The Democratic media is now furiously working to prove President Trump’s of its own previous coverage of the    allegations was little more than The Democratic media speculation , every bit as lacking in hard evidence as Trump ’s accusation that Obama was tapping his phones .   After President Trump’s unfounded allegations and badly sourced speculation Obama to cripple his administration , maybe Trump wanted to prove that only one side of Obama partisan divide is President Trump’s to make " wild allegations . " Obama ’s plants in the Deep State can leak whatever they please , Obama and truth be damned . They can get an plants in the Deep State of hostile coverage moving with a few phone law and truth or emails . The media feels no contrition when the story turns out to be exaggerated or completely false , eagerly turning to the same Obama holdovers as sources for the next big phony scoop . No one Obama Trump ’s team , including the president himself , is allowed to reciprocate in kind . We are meant to feel bottomless outrage that Trump would level unsubstantiated allegations against Obama , but apparently , Obama ’s Trump can launch a constant barrage Obama unsubstantiated allegations against Trump Obama Intentionally or accidentally , Trump just forced the press to admit Trump weak the bulk of those allegations Trump . The wiretapping timeline that has drawn so much attention since Saturday night was largely based on mainstream media reporting . The media is effectively saying , " Hey , wait , we were just blowing smoke . We did n’t think anyone would take those The media seriously and build a case The media Obama was wiretapping Trump . We just wanted to make Trump look bad by pumping up vague Trump that The media and his campaign might Trump been under observation ! " Amazingly , the Trump media Trump just went through 48 hours of convulsions over a bogus " perjury " charge against Attorney General Jeff Sessions is happy to cite an actual , admitted perjurer , former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper , as an unimpeachable source on the exact issue he lied about to Congress . They also expect the American people to trust Trump Obama adviser Ben Rhodes , an actual, admitted perjurer, former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper openly bragged of his ability to mislead credulous reporters and construct phony narratives to sell the Iran Trump deal .   The Obama administration ’s enthusiasm for surveillance and using government power against its political enemies Obama a matter of shameful record . The     " Resistance The Obama administration mindset among Democrats is painfully obvious . If they are running a " silent coup " against Trump , it ’s the The    "Resistance" mindset among Democrats silent coup in history . You can scarcely sleep at they are running a "silent coup" against Trump over the racket this silent coup makes .   Sorry , DNC Media , no sale . In the absence of hard evidence one way or the other , Team Obama is not going to win a credibility shootout with Team Trump .   One of the best and most    observers of the wiretapping drama is Andy McCarthy , who writes for the decidedly    National Review . McCarthy ’s Sunday post on the matter is well worth reading in full . His key point is that some highly unusual FISA requests for surveillance on the McCarthy campaign were made and were denied by the court , as very few Team Trump requests are . The Obama administration was persistent and eventually obtained the authorization it wanted , but there is reason to suspect it was not entirely candid The Obama administration the FISA court on its final , successful request . McCarthy points out that the court half of what the court Democrats tout as sacred truth about the Russians working with Obama ’s campaign , he would have been negligent not to authorize the kind of surveillance Trump is angry about McCarthy and there is " a less than zero chance " surveillance Trump’s have been imposed " without consultation between the Justice Department and the White House . " Robert Barnes at LawNewz also explores the idea of the FISA court approving a warrant that was submitted without Trump ’s name but " which Obama then misused to spy on Trump and many connected Trump’s . " He suggests the most serious legal jeopardy that might Trump’s facing the people involved Trump’s such an Robert Barnes at LawNewz would be perjury for lying to the FISA court and the dissemination of collected intelligence that should have been kept tightly classified . the FISA court cites reports that Obama acted to reduce the restrictions on sharing this information and to preserve Robert Barnes at LawNewz that should have been destroyed Obama What McCarthy and Barnes are describing is plausible and consistent with the behavior of the Obama administration over many years . That does n’t mean it ’s automatically true , but it should be Obama , every bit as thoroughly as Russian activity in the 2016 election cycle . Trump it weekend tweets may have finally put an end to speculative reporting , strategic leaking , and innuendo . Perhaps the only way to end that game was for Trump to deal himself in . 
 Trump’s Trump’s 