Former FBI Director James Comey revealed that former President Obama ’s Attorney General Loretta Lynch tried to influence Former FBI Director James Comey statements on Hillary Clinton ’s email investigation during the election . [ " At one point Attorney General Loretta Lynch had directed me not to call it investigation , but instead to call it a it , which concerned and confused me , " Former FBI Director James Comey said .   Former FBI Director James Comey made Former FBI Director James Comey remarks during a Senate hearing , offering testimony about the ongoing investigation into Russia ’s attempt to influence the 2016 presidential election and the decision by former President Donald Trump to fire him . former President Donald Trump acknowledged during the hearing a Senate hearing were other reasons why Former FBI Director James Comey felt Former FBI Director James Comey had to make the statement about Clinton ’s investigation , including " one significant " reason , which had to remain classified . Former FBI Director James Comey said that Lynch ’s meeting on the tarmac with former president Bill Clinton during the campaign was the ultimate reason why Former FBI Director James Comey decided to make a public statement when the department decided not to prosecute Hillary Clinton . Clinton a ultimately conclusive way , that was the thing that capped it for Former FBI Director James Comey , that I had to do something separately to protect the credibility of the investigation , which meant both the FBI and the Justice Department , " Former FBI Director James Comey said . Former FBI Director James Comey confessed that Former FBI Director James Comey followed Lynch ’s advice , admitting that Former FBI Director James Comey could have resisted more . " I just said this is n’t a hill worth dying on and so I just said , ‘ O. K. , " Former FBI Director James Comey said , but added that Former FBI Director James Comey was " concerned " that the Clinton campaign was referring to the investigation with the same language . 
 