Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos is considering making a legal challenge to President Donald Trump ’s executive order temporarily halting immigration from seven    countries amid the tide of    hysteria in reaction to the order . [ In an email to Amazon employees , many of whom work in notoriously challenging conditions , Bezos Jeff Bezos , " America is a nation of immigrants whose diverse backgrounds , ideas , and points of view have helped us build and invent as a nation for over 240 year . To our us in the US and around the world who may be directly affected by this order , I want you to know that the full extent of Amazon ’s resources are behind you . "   " We reached out to congressional leaders on both sides of the aisle to explore legislative options . Our We team has prepared a declaration of support for the Washington state attorney general who will be filing suit against the this order We are We other legal options as well , " he continued the Washington state attorney general who will be filing suit against the order Amazon is Amazon’s of a number of technology companies to oppose the executive order on immigration over terrorism concerns , signed by Trump last Friday . Companies such as Facebook , Google , Microsoft , Apple , and Netflix have all publicly condemned the order the executive order on immigration over terrorism concerns promoting the impact of mass immigration on their businesses . mass immigration Bezos was a prominent critic of Donald Trump during the presidential campaign , assembling a team of 20 people at his newspaper the Jeff Bezos Post to investigate every aspect of Trump ’s past Donald Trump Meanwhile , Trump attacked Bezos Donald Trump saying Jeff Bezos Amazon had a " huge antitrust problem " whilst " getting away with murder " on corporation tax . The editorial board of the Washington Post the Washington Post 2016 for an influx of illegal immigrants to fill    jobs in America . Following Trump ’s election Donald Trump , Bezos met with Jeff Bezos alongside a range Donald Trump Silicon Valley executives to discuss the future of the technology industry under the new administration . Earlier this month , Bezos promised to Jeff Bezos over 100 , 000 permanent new jobs in the United States . You can America on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . com 
 Ben Kew on Facebook 