CNN , which was dubbed Clinton News Network during the presidential campaign , is locked in a public relations battle with    Donald Trump —   and   Donald Trump —   ’s winning , according to media experts . [ " Maybe CNN gets a short term bump from the attention , " David Shuster , the former MSNBC anchor , who once worked for CNN President Jeff Zucker , told the Hill . " But the long term damage to CNN , and the boost to   Donald Trump , could be significant . " David Shuster ’s winning this . "   Last week , CNN dedicated massive amounts of airtime to memos alleging that there was communication between   Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign and Russian officials . Numerous allegations in the report , which   Donald Trump dubbed " fake news , " have since been found to be false : FAKE NEWS   —    A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) January 11 , 2017 ,     Donald Trump has said he   Donald Trump CNN ’s coverage of him   Donald Trump become fair after he   Donald Trump Hillary Clinton , but he   Donald Trump that it had , instead , gotten " worse . " " I thought that CNN CNN get better after they failed so badly in their they of Hillary Hillary Clinton , since election , they are they ! " he   Donald Trump in November , a few weeks after the election election CNN CNN so embarrassed by their total ( 100 % ) support of Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton yet her loss in Hillary Clinton landslide , that they do n’t know their to do , " Trump also wrote on Twitter . Trump ’s loyal supporters Trump also taken notice of what they thought was CNN loyal supporters biased coverage of the Republican nominee . In October , about a month before Election Day , for example , more than 10 , 000 Trump supporters chanted " Trump CNN " during a campaign rally in Pennsylvania for    Trump . Supporters shout " CNN CNN " during @realDonaldTrump rally in PA @BreitbartNews pic . twitter .    —    Alex Swoyer , esq . ( @ASwoyer ) October 11 , 2016 ,   " If there is one thing we know for sure about Donald Trump , it   Trump he can hold a grudge   Trump Just ask Rosie O’Donnell or Graydon Carter , " media analyst Brian Flood told the Hill . " It would probably take Jeff Zucker heading to Trump Tower to kiss the ring to squash the whole thing , " Flood added . " Citizen media analyst Brian Flood would hold a grudge for life , but    Trump has shown he Citizen Trump Citizen Trump meet with Citizen Trump under the right circumstances . " Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson . 
 