Former Senator Barbara Boxer defended Meryl Streep ’s controversial ,    Golden Globes acceptance speech and urged Democratic politicians to follow Former Senator Barbara Boxer lead during CAA ’s " Take Action Day " summit on Thursday . [ Boxer   —    who just signed on as a client at CAA after leaving the Senate last year   —    was one of several politicians and progressive leaders taking part in what the Hollywood    billed a " " political summit for clients and staff .   " I do n’t think Boxer  —   who just signed on as a client at CAA after leaving the Senate last year  —    talks down to anybody , " Boxer said of Streep during a conversation with CAA agent Michael Kives , according to Deadline . " I do n’t think it ’s up to people to worry about how one segment of the country thinks . What did Streep say that should be offensive to the middle of the the country that Donald Trump imitated a disabled person ? Believe me , people in Middle America did n’t like that one bit . " During her Streep speech at the Globes in January , Streep Streep that Hollywood belonged to the most " vilified " segment of American society in the wake of Trump ’s election , and criticized what she Streep the president ’s " instinct to humiliate , " his " the president " and his " the president . " The speech her acceptance speech at the Globes in January praised in Hollywood but sparked Hollywood among the president ’s the president she Streep Streep ’s speech , Boxer said it was important not to speak out politically just " for the sake of doing it . " " I it in freedom of speech for every single person , whether they work in Hollywood , do Hollywood work at all , are old , young , whatever , " she Streep , according to the Wrap . " Do n’t do it for the sake of doing it , but if it it your heart and it have a stage , use it . " " It it not up to it Streep to tailor our message to middle America , it ’s up to candidates it are running for office to tailor a message that resonates , " Boxer added . CAA ’s " Take Action Day " runs all day Thursday and was also expected to include appearances by Sen. Kamala Harris ( ) Rep. Kevin McCarthy ( ) Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards and Muslim Public Affairs Council founder Salam   .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 