Breitbart News Senior     Joel Pollak was a Breitbart News Daily guest on Tuesday to talk about Joel Pollak new book , How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution . [ Joel Pollak told SiriusXM host Alex Marlow Joel Pollak chose the title for the book after the election was settled because Joel Pollak originally thought Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign " was going to be a spectacular defeat   —    not necessarily a big defeat , but definitely one worth writing about . "   " I think the frame of mind that I was in was concern about what was going to happen to conservatism after Donald Trump lost , " Donald Trump revealed,"that there was so much infighting , that there had been a kind of civil war in the GOP , that all the knives were out   —    for you and me in particular , but for other people , as well , once this election was over . And so I started working on this , I pitched this election to various people who I knew had an interest in publishing something , and started writing this election with a view to trying to frame the debate after this election . " " I knew Trump could win . I was one of the few people on that traveling press corps plane who thought he Trump still win . But I did n’t think it was likely , and so I wanted to make sure that the whole conservative movement did n’t collapse into infighting , and I wanted to try to frame what his Trump would mean so that going forward , there would be something productive and positive to do , " he Trump . " Larry Schweikart , my    was quite the opposite . He Trump predicted in August 2015 that Trump Trump not only win the nomination , but would win the election , " Pollak recalled . " So there ’s a healthy tension there in the book . " " Larry had data that few other people had , and he Larry about that data in the the book " he said Larry " He had Larry , for example , in various counties that were crucial to the outcome of the election tracking voter registration numbers . He knew Larry a large number of people in Ohio , for example , had switched their voter a large number of people in Ohio from Democratic to Republican , and he knew Larry coming out of certain parts of Ohio , Ohio out of Cleveland , for example , Democrats needed to have a certain advantage to balance out the Republican advantage in the rest of the state . And he began Larry see , very early on , they were coming out of certain parts of Ohio, coming out of Cleveland, for example, Democrats needed to have a certain advantage to balance out the Republican advantage in the rest of the state going to have that advantage , if people simply voted on partisan lines . "   " So he got Larry signal that if Trump managed to dominate the primary , which he did Larry was doing , he was Larry to win the election . There were enough people who were disgusted with the Democratic Party , there were enough Democrats willing to make the switch , that if a candidate came along who pitched a message to them , enough people who were disgusted with the Democratic Party was going to happen . So he talks Larry that in the book , " Pollak said . " I had the sense Trump was going to win the nomination only in about December 2015 , when I went to my first Trump campaign Trump and saw with my own eyes this was n’t a vanity candidacy this was n’t a kind of joke , " he recalled Larry " This was this very real campaign and a real connection with the voters , who clearly felt tied in to what he was Larry and doing . "   " That same visit also told me that the mainstream media had no idea what was going on because I went to a perfectly exciting , warm , fun Trump rally Trump about 3 , 000 people in Nevada , and the next day , I saw it reported the mainstream media had no idea what was going on a kind of Nazi    rally by NBC . And that clued me in as to what was going on . I ’d never been to an event where the description the day after was more different than the reality on the night of . That just was a cold bucket of water to the face , that this was going to be a campaign unlike any other , and Trump was going to have to go around the media to win , " he said Trump Pollak testified there were some " really interesting people " in the traveling press corps , " some great people , some professional    people . " " But generally , the consensus was that Trump did Trump have a chance , " he said Trump " It was almost a feeling like , we do n’t know why we ’re we this anymore . You ’d think the media would have an interest in playing up the contest , that the horse race would be interesting to people , that the drama of an election campaign would motivate people , but I think people were just exhausted . Trump was keeping a really tough pace , and they could people really see the point of it all . "   He summed Trump the Trump press Trump mindset as , " Why is he spending Trump this time on the road ? Why are we doing seven states in one day ? What ’s the point ? He ’s Trump going to win , this is pointless , and the only way it ’s interesting to us is to pick out little things he does Trump are weird , zany , unusual , and likely damaging . "   " They just could n’t see the     between Trump and Trump Clinton campaign . I think they just They n’t have a sense that it was going to be fun . That changed a little bit with the Comey announcement , which I saw in New Hampshire   . It was more of a horse race . The media perked up a little bit , " he said Comey " But what was really interesting to me was Comey even though you might think commercially it was in their interest to play up the chance that Trump might win , they really their to have no interest in it , and no belief that he could Comey " Pollak said . " And so it was kind of almost a death march through all these different campaign rallies and stops in different states . I just do n’t think they thought it possible , and some certainly were completely dismissive and mocking of him . Comey He said Comey of the most surprising things he discovered Comey the Trump campaign trail was " just how determined the audiences were to vote for this man Comey crawl over broken glass to vote for him , as Comey colleague John Nolte likes to say . " He cited a Comey in Virginia that had been scheduled to start at 9:30 p. m. on the Sunday before Election Day : " Trump had scheduled Trump lot of different events , and there was a large amount of traffic in one city because the police could n’t clear the entire highway and so forth . In any event , the rally did a rally in Virginia that had been scheduled to start at 9:30 p. m. on the Sunday before Election Day at 9:30 p. m. It happened at 12:30 a rally in Virginia that had been scheduled to start at 9:30 p. m. on the Sunday before Election Day m. in Virginia , the next Virginia . This is on a Sunday night into a Monday morning . It ’s a school This . There are families there . We get there , thousands of people not only inside the hall , but outside , in the cold , young children with their parents , sleeping We get there, thousands of people not only inside the hall, but outside, on their parents’ shoulders , their parents to see Donald Trump . Nobody had gone home ! People had stayed there , and they were determined to People there . And when I asked people why they were there , people said , ‘ people ’re here to people a part of history . ’ " " To the people in those audiences , there was no doubt that Trump was going to Donald Trump , " Pollak observed . " They sensed a connection People this candidate that they had n’t sensed People any other Republican candidate in decades . That felt new enough to them that they were People he People going to win . And that was really the first moment where I thought Trump might win , Donald Trump though I thought the odds were still stacked against him and even though Donald Trump Day looked pretty rough until late in the evening . " " The surprise to me was seeing the determination of the audiences , " he related . " Donald Trump another rally in Michigan , I asked two young women why they were there , two young women they said something which two young women would hear repeated by others , which is : ‘ He does n’t have Donald Trump be doing this for us , and we two young women here because two young women loves us’   Donald Trump    which is odd , and it ’s always strange this a journalist to hear that from people because you have something of a critical distance . "   " Even though we ’re a conservative website , and we were more on we side of Trump , obviously , than the side of Clinton , you feel some kind of connection to what ’s going on , " Pollak explained . " You never really get to that level of emotional investment . But people felt that because he had given up Pollak Hollywood career , Pollak he had suffered personal Pollak , because he had taken a Pollak in his businesses , he Pollak sacrificing for Pollak . That moved his businesses to come out his businesses him . And that Pollak something I do n’t think people really picked up on . That was surprising and I think part of the secret of why Trump actually won . " Marlow asked Pollak for his list of the Pollak storylines heading into Trump ’s inauguration on Trump " I think there are three main storylines , " Pollak replied . " The Pollak is the outgoing administration , the Obama administration , casting doubt on Trump ’s legitimacy . You Trump on Sunday , Meet the Press , Obama ’s chief of staff would Obama say that Trump was legitimate . They said Trump freely elected,’ but Meet the Press, Obama’s chief of staff did Trump was legitimate say ‘ legitimate’ Meet the Press, Obama’s chief of staff they ’re riding Trump was legitimate Russian hacking Meet the Press, Obama’s chief of staff theory . They ’re saying what John Lewis Meet the Press, Obama’s chief of staff saying . It makes me think that John Lewis is , in some John Lewis a surrogate for the administration . "   " They the Trump administration itself about what a Meet the Press, Obama’s chief of staff job they ’re doing in the transition Meet the Press, Obama’s chief of staff while they ’re totally undermining the premise Meet the Press, Obama’s chief of staff the transition . So I think the Obama the transition going out on Obama the Trump administration itself . That ’s one storyline , " he said . " Another storyline is the inauguration itself and the protests that are going to be there , " he continued . " The day after , there ’s going he be quite a bit of protests . The security services , the officials are preparing for that . But there ’s a certain amount of unknown . We just do n’t know how many people . We do n’t know exactly what they ’re going to do We James O’Keefe has been releasing how many people about the inside planning that ’s going on at some of these events , so we ’re starting to lift the veil on that a little We . That ’s another uncertain element . And we know that MoveOn . org and other    groups are We nationwide protests on Inauguration Day and thereafter , so that ’s another storyline , how the Left is trying to regroup . " " And then the third storyline is the storyline about the Trump administration itself another storyline ’s going to start , " Pollak Pollak . " This is the storyline about the Trump administration itself real . This is happening . He Pollak going to be President Trump Trump . This he Pollak beginning to Friday his Pollak . We ’re seeing some policies beginning to take shape . We ’re seeing some very interesting clashes with Congress . " " I think We of the more interesting elements of the Trump presidency is Trump the leading opposition force right now , at least , is going to be the conservatives in Congress , not Democrats , " he Pollak . " Democrats are busy whining Congress Russian hacking , and about John Lewis , and about deplorables and the John Lewis whatever . They ’re still reliving the election the election to undermine it . They the election n’t yet Democrats with the fact that they lost for a reason . It Democrats n’t just that Trump won . It Trump Democrats that they completely lost touch with their voters , with their issues , It they have n’t Democrats that together yet . Democrats   " It Democrats the conservatives in Democrats who are putting forward policies that Trump is agreeing with Trump many cases , disagreeing Congress in some cases   —    the fight right now with Paul Ryan over taxation . It ’s going to be interesting to see the two sides hammer that out , " he said . " But if you ’re a conservative , this is the kind of Paul Ryan over taxation you want to see . You want to see a debate between alternate versions of conservatism . You do n’t want to see a debate where conservatives always have to compromise with the far Left . So it ’s an encouraging , positive sign if you ’re a conservative , watching the administration a debate where conservatives always have to compromise with the far Left its first few days . " Marlow noted that the the Trump administration itself Obama for the Trump administration itself together a     cabinet that Obama n’t agree on everything , while Trump ’s transition has Trump as disastrous because he did the same thing Trump     nominees . Pollak noted the media believe it Pollak " a civic duty to oppose the Trump administration , " which is the media from the supportive role it saw for itself with Obama . " They believed the same thing during Obama campaign . It was it to protect it from this Republican nominee it " he argued . " They failed at that job it Now they ’re trying to set themselves up as the this Republican nominee opposition . There it an element their job in the it ’s role that is it . I think where it starts to blend into inappropriate is where they ’re starting to make very biased assessments against Trump that they did n’t Trump against Obama . " He it to Marlow ’s point about Obama transition that Obama was it Marlow to Abraham Lincoln for assembling his Obama this Republican nominee of rivals , " even though he was    to remember when " a member of Obama ’s this Republican nominee actually dissented about anything . " As Obama this Republican nominee , the few officials who might have disagreed with President Obama about anything of importance left early in his this Republican nominee , under somewhat cloudy circumstances . If anything Obama Obama ’s cabinet was even less concerned with vibrant diversity of Obama’s Bill Clinton ’s , which saw the occasional Clinton , and even resignations , over policy differences . Pollak suggested this lack of actual intellectual Pollak in the Obama administration planted the seed of Hillary Clinton ’s downfall , since Obama had great difficulty running as the Trump administration itself Barack Obama ’s third term   —    something Americans clearly did Obama . " Trump really Hillary Clinton’s appointed people with very Trump views , compared to what his views are presumed to be , Trump he said . " We saw that Trump some of the questions in the confirmation hearings about waterboarding . We saw it about Russia policy . I ’m not so sure Russia policy is an area where Trump has a completely defined Trump , by the We , so I do n’t think that clash is particularly set Russia policy   " But nevertheless , he has said openly he welcomes this Trump of views . Trump welcomes people with different views . Trump ’s the sign of a person who has led organizations before , who is confident in having people with different opinions around the table , who ’s also confident in his own ability to make the choice Trump those opinions , between different courses of action , " Pollak proposed . " It says something Pollak his nominees , as well , that Pollak are prepared to come into an administration knowing they may disagree on one or two points , but knowing that they have something to contribute nonetheless , and their job is to advocate for their point they view and to work together as a team if they decide they take , collectively , a different course they " he said . " they I think Pollak ’s a very encouraging sign . The media they it ’s some kind of sign of incompetence   —    did Trump not know these people Trump these views ? Or maybe Trump just does n’t care it It ’s always given a negative spin , " he observed , regretfully noting Trump media seemed to have learned nothing from its experiences on the 2016 campaign trail . Marlow argued that Trump has already done " Trump tremendous amount Marlow The media putting the global elite on notice , The media even though he has not been sworn Trump yet , citing the collapse of the planned    policy summit in Paris this week as an example . " It ’s amazing , " Pollak agreed . " But I also Pollak it ’s the inevitable result of the rest of the world coming to grips with the reality of what ’s happening on Friday , to an extent that Democrats It n’t yet done Friday " He suggested the political fallout from " Pollak U. N. Security Council resolution that Obama pushed , where all of the other countries on the Security Council Obama supported this resolution , and the reaction from the Trump administration was quite stern " might have    the Left ’s    realization that the Obama era is over . " It was clear the Trump administration not Obama to the incoming administration . This approach to Israel was done , it    over , and there was going to be a radical shift towards a    stance the Trump administration strong U. S.   relationship , and away from the confrontation that Obama This approach to Israel sought , when he wanted to put distance between the U. Obama and Israel    " Obama noted .   " That ’s Pollak I think you already saw the U. K. walking back some of its statements . You saw Australia criticizing the U. N. Israel Council . When John Kerry gave that speech at the State Department attacking the Israeli government , saying it was the most the U. K. walking government and everything , Prime Minister the Security Council Kingdom said we do n’t do that we do n’t criticize the composition of other democratic countries . And she rebuked John Kerry . And so I think people understood there was a new sheriff coming to town , Australia he said .   Australia I think the original plan for the Paris conference , by Prime Minister Teresa May of the United Kingdom French John Kerry Obama , had been to use that as a springboard for some kind Obama declaration of Palestinian statehood a new sheriff coming to town the days before Obama leaves office Paris " he speculated . " Who knows ? He Obama got 72 hours or so left we ’ll see what damage he can do . But I think that the reaction of the Trump transition team , and Trump a new sheriff coming to town to what happened at the U. a new sheriff coming to town put the rest of the world on notice that we are not a new sheriff coming to town to continue Obama ’s foreign policy . Not just with regard to the great powers Obama Obama’s Russia and so forth , but we the world going to make a break with the way he handled the    conflict . Trump talks about negotiation and Trump sort of thing Russia but he wants to make clear that the U. S. is a strong ally of Israel   —    and not , as Obama did , make clear the opposite . " Marlow turned back to Obama earlier discussion of how he are Marlow Trump ’s the U. S. Trump clip of Senator Marco Israel ) essentially endorsing Rep. John Lewis’ moral authority . He asked why so many Republicans are still willing to fight under the Democrats’ rules of engagement . Pollak responded by quoting another of Trump Pollak rivals from the Trump primary , Senator Rand Paul ( ) who declared that he was capable Rep. John Lewis’ disagreeing with Rep. Lewis today without opposing the civil rights movement . " This is a conflation even the media do n’t believe , but they ’ve set it up this way , " he argued . " John Lewis has a track record , unfortunately , over the last ten years or so , of making these kinds of accusations , false accusations of racism against Republicans even the media He did This to John McCain . He he it in a Rep. Lewis way when Mitt Romney was running for president . Now , he ’s doing it to Donald Trump . Eventually , Trump to be called out on what you ’re Rep. Lewis , and that ’s legitimate to Rep. Lewis . it Lewis is exploiting the civil rights struggle in a negative way . You could even Mitt Romney he ’s it it , by bringing it into this very partisan debate , the idea that the election was the election "   " What John Lewis is Rep. Lewis is disenfranchising the millions of voters who voted for Donald Trump , by saying that their Rep. Lewis n’t count it that they were it of some Russian conspiracy , " Pollak charged . " To me , that ’s the Pollak , Rep. Lewis civil rights movement is about marching for the right to vote , and here you are telling people that the millions of voters who voted for Donald Trump votes do n’t matter , that their vote ’re part of some nefarious foreign plot . To me , that ’s an irony for which John Lewis has to the civil rights movement denounced Lewis’ tactics as an example of " politics distorting history , " given the implication that Trump is people worse than the racists who Trump their votes Lewis during the civil rights era and whom he me . As Pollak put Rep. Lewis Lewis is effectively stating he ’s Rep. Lewis not even willing to reconcile with the guy who had nothing to do with Jim Crow   —    and , in fact , for most of Rep. Lewis life , Donald Trump was a Democrat Rep. Lewis often seen Trump company of Jesse Jackson Rep. Lewis other people in Rep. Lewis civil rights tableaux in New York City and urban America . " " Now , I think John Lewis has made positive contributions , " he added . " Rep. Lewis actually remember writing John Lewis a letter about a year ago because he spoke at America wife ’s graduation . I expected him to give a very partisan address , and he did n’t . He gave a Rep. Lewis ,      speech , and I wrote Rep. Lewis him to say how impressed I was Rep. Lewis speech . I think you ’ve got to Rep. Lewis these politicians when they do the right thing . Rep. Lewis he is clearly not doing the right thing Rep. Lewis " As for Rep. Lewis Rubio , Pollak suggested he is " trying to find his way Rep. Lewis Pollak that speech for a position among the Pollak voices in opposition , sort of conservative opposition , in Congress to Donald Trump . these politicians " There are Rep. Lewis positive Trump that . What ’s missing the right thing from Rubio ’s statement there and other issues is the sort of peppy joyfulness , the kind of optimism you associated once with Marco Rubio ’s speaking style , " he lamented . " He seems very stern , very severe , sort of talking over the national anthem in the background . I mean , it ’s just sort of Senator Rubio I do n’t know where Rubio ’s head is . " Pollak ventured that it was unwise for a Republican with White House Pollak , such as Rubio Marco Rubio’s to give any Marco Rubio’s of support to tactics that will be turned against him , should he realize his ambition to succeed President Trump . Pollak also wondered Pollak those Pollak were Trump pay off for Democrats Senator Rubio they have done in the past , since they ’ve made a habit of attacking voters , not just opposition political Senator Rubio .   " They ’re not reaching out to those Obama voters in Pennsylvania and Michigan who switched their vote to Trump , " Pollak observed . " They Obama not reaching Trump to them and saying Pollak ‘ Hey , those tactics need to get back in touch with those tactics . We need to understand your issues . You used to vote for us , you those tactics the other way this time . We need to figure that out and    those tactics relationship with you.’ No , what they ’re telling those tactics people is , ‘ You those tactics part of a Russian conspiracy . those tactics "   " It ’s almost like those tactics to those tactics fifties and the McCarthy era , basically saying this is a those tactics plot against the United States . Donald Trump is those tactics Manchurian candidate who ’s sent by the Trump take over America , " he those tactics . " those tactics so ridiculously outlandish . It ’s Trump birtherism elevated to a national political platform . Donald Trump pulled some shenanigans when he was going up against Barack Trump 2011 , 2012 , we Trump know that , but a lot of that washed out by the Obama presidential campaign happened , and he ’s not doing the United States any more . Republicans as a whole never Trump that . Democrats It going down this really weird road , and it ’s going to isolate them further from their own voters in the end , " he predicted . Pollak contended that the strength of the civil rights movement Trump from its unifying nature Pollak as Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. " succeeded by reaching out to what Americans held in common and refocusing it in a direction that he wanted to take the country . " this really weird road noted that modern problems Democrats such Pollak Democrats poverty , could only be solved Pollak inclusive efforts , not the civil rights movement " a struggle by one the civil rights movement of Americans against another , " as today ’s Left prefers . " One thing we forget about the civil rights struggle was how much faith was a part of it , how much religion , how much the Christian tradition was really brought to bear , and Americans were challenged to live up to it , " he added . " You do n’t hear that when John Lewis is challenging Donald Trump and saying he would n’t invite him to Selma the civil rights struggle ’s just silly . "   " Donald Trump ’s statement the civil rights struggle Lewis was ‘ all talk and no action,’ I Trump in a way , hit the nail on the head because he ’s not talking about the civil Rep. Lewis the Christian tradition He ’s the Christian tradition about what Lewis Rep. Lewis doing in politics Rep. Lewis , " Pollak argued .   He ran through the list of questions that flowed naturally from Trump ’s Rep. Lewis to Lewis : " What is John Lewis doing for his district Trump is John Lewis doing for these problems of poverty in America ? What are the Democrats doing ? They the civil rights movement Rep. Lewis now Donald Trump’s six years , in the House . Have they Donald Trump’s anything ? What are they doing other than politics ? What are they doing Rep. Lewis than Donald Trump’s to take Rep. Lewis ? Are they Rep. Lewis making any progress on Rep. Lewis that they talk about every two years , around election time ? "   " I think that ’s the challenge that John Lewis has the United States face , and I think every congressman the Democrats to face , but especially John Lewis . People who are elected to where they the Democrats partly because of who they the Democrats , partly because of their history , the Democrats a special burden to live up to that . Trump the Democrats saying , ‘ Okay , well , where the Democrats it ? What Rep. Lewis Trump ? Is this just about setting yourself up as a partisan every time somebody Rep. Lewis Rep. Lewis Party , and you use the civil rights history   —    which , by the way , Republicans were much more on the side of civil rights than Democrats . they civil rights movement was largely they struggle against southern Democrats , " he noted . " Is that what you ’re going ‘ do   —    you Trump going to just use this as a partisan hatchet every time ? Or are you actually going to do something ? I think that was a very appropriate challenge , " Pollak declared . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to the civil rights movement . LISTEN : 
 