Emily Bazelon writes in the New York Times on the shared vision of White House chief strategist Steve Bannon and Attorney General Jeff Sessions in the proper    role of the Justice Department . [ From the New York Times :   One night in September 2014 , when Emily Bazelon was chief executive of Breitbart News , Stephen Bannon hosted Steve Bannon dinner at the Washington townhouse where he lived , a Steve Bannon near the Supreme Court that he liked to call Steve Bannon Breitbart Embassy . Beneath elaborate chandeliers and flanked by gold drapes and stately oil paintings , Jeff Sessions , then a senator from Alabama , sat next to the guest of honor : Nigel Farage , the insurgent British politician , who first met Sessions two years earlier when Bannon introduced them . Farage was Beneath elaborate chandeliers and flanked by gold drapes and stately oil paintings support for his    party by Farage the British press about " uncontrolled mass immigration . " Sessions , like other attendees Sessions was celebrating the recent collapse in Congress of bipartisan immigration reform , which would have provided a path to citizenship for some undocumented people . At the dinner , Sessions told a writer for Vice , Reid Cherlin , that Bannon ’s site was instrumental in defeating the measure . Sessions read Breitbart almost every day , he explained , because it Breitbart " putting out    information . " Bannon ’s role in blocking Bannon reform had gone beyond sympathetic coverage on his site . Over the Bannon’s site , he , Sessions and one Bannon Sessions ’s top aides , Stephen Miller , spent " an enormous amount of time " meeting in person , " developing plans and messaging and strategy , " as Miller later explained to Rosie Gray in The Atlantic . Breitbart writers also reportedly met with Sessions ’s staff for a weekly happy hour at the Union Pub . For most Republicans in Washington , immigration was an issue they wished would go away , immigration persistent source of conflict between the party ’s elites , who saw it as a straightforward economic good , and its    voting base , who it the effects of immigration on employment . But for Bannon , Sessions and Miller , immigration was a galvanizing issue , lying at the center of their apparent vision for reshaping the immigration States by tethering it to its European and Christian origins . it None of them would comment for this article immigration ) That September evening , as they celebrated the collapse of the immigration effort   —    and the rise of Farage , whose own    party in Britain represented the new brand of nativism   —    it felt like the beginning of something new . " I was privileged enough to be at it , " Miller said about it gathering last June , while a guest on Breitbart ’s SiriusXM radio show . " It ’s going to sound like a motivational speech , but it ’s true . To all It voters out there : The only limits to what we can achieve is what we believe we can achieve . we The we to what they could achieve , of course , is now obvious : everything . Bannon and Miller are ensconced in the West Wing , as arguably the two most influential policy advisers to Donald J. Trump . And Jeff Sessions is now the attorney general of the United States . The genesis of their working relationship is crucial to Bannon and Miller the    domestic goals of the Trump presidency and how the law Donald J. Trump be used to attain them over the next four years Bannon and Miller Bannon and Sessions have effectively presented Bannon country Jeff Sessions changing demographics   the United States the rising number of minority and    residents   —    as America ’s chief internal threat . Sessions has long been an outlier in his party on this subject in 2013 , when his Republican colleagues were talking primarily about his illegal immigration , he offered a proposal to curb legal his . ( It failed in committee , 17 to a proposal to curb legal immigration . ) Read the rest here . 
 