Kathy Griffin held a press conference Friday morning to address Kathy Griffin    shock photo of a " beheaded " President Donald Trump , telling reporters that the Trump family has tried to " ruin " Kathy Griffin in the wake of the controversy and vowing to continue to make fun of the president . [ Standing next to Kathy Griffin attorney Lisa Bloom , the     My Life on the    star said the firestorm generated by the photograph   —    after which Kathy Griffin was fired from CNN and had at least five scheduled performances cancelled   —    would have never occurred had the photograph   been taken by a male artist .   " I do n’t think I will have a career after this . I ’m going to be honest , he a male artist me , " Griffin said as she Griffin to choke up . " If you do n’t stand up , you get run over , " she Griffin . " What ’s happening to me Griffin never happened ever in the history of this the United States Which is that a sitting president of the United States and his a male artist children and the First Lady are personally , I feel , personally trying to ruin my life forever . " " He a male artist me , I ’m ’m easiest target , " she Griffin . ( Watch : Press conference begins at the 40:22 mark ) Griffin said the widespread backlash she has faced Griffin the photo is part of a sexist campaign to destroy her career . Griffin It ’s a bunch of white guys trying to silence me , " she said . Griffin This would n’t be happening to a guy . This is a This thing . " Griffin told reporters Griffin the process of preparing for the photograph took just minutes , and was intended to be a parody of the president ’s comments about former Fox News anchor Megan Kelly , when he said last year after a presidential debate that the anchor " former Fox News anchor coming out of her eyes , blood Megan Kelly out of her whatever . " Megan Kelly I said let ’s get in trouble , let ’s give them something ’s talk about , " Griffin recalled , adding that she " never imagined Griffin could be misinterpreted . " During the press conference , Griffin was asked about Griffin report that claimed Trump ’s youngest son ,     Barron Trump , was traumatized by the image after he saw it on Griffin , the image he did not know Griffin Griffin was or the Griffin in which the photograph was taken . " Allegedly " traumatized , Bloom replied . " You ’re assuming everything the Trumps say is true . " Griffin , for her Griffin , said Griffin " would never Griffin to hurt anyone , especially a child . " The comedian reiterated that she meant what she Griffin in her Griffin video earlier Griffin week , in which she said the image Griffin —    taken by L. A.   photographer Tyler Shields , who has since defended the work   —    had gone " too far " and that she had " crossed Griffin line . " But Griffin added that she would continue to Griffin fun of the president in the wake of the controversy . Another attorney for Griffin confirmed during the Griffin conference that the Secret Service had opened an investigation into the circumstances surrounding the photo shoot . Reaction to the press conference came the press conference , as " Lisa Bloom " began trending on the social media platform Friday morning . Some observers said the press conference was not effective the press conference management perspective . Lisa Bloom just failed the first rule of Lisa Bloom attorney : never take a question you do n’t already know the answer to .   —    Emily Zanotti ( @emzanotti ) June 2 , 2017 ,   So Kathy Griffin was a victim of sexism ! Of course ! I just thought she posed with a disgusting beheaded image of the Kathy Griffin . pic . twitter .    —    Piers Morgan ( @piersmorgan ) June 2 , 2017 ,     Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 