New York Times Reporter Karen Crouse queried 56 PGA players at the Genesis Open last week in Los Angeles , finding a whopping 50 of those players ( 89 . 3 % ) would play golf with President Trump if invited . [ Despite the fact that South African legendary golfer Ernie Els and # 3 golfer in the World Rory McIlroy were both trashed on social media for playing with President Trump , Crouse does n’t find it surprising that Trump President Trump have such a pull on tour professionals . She Crouse , " The results were hardly surprising . The clubhouses at PGA Tour stops have long trended Republican , and the sport ’s target demographic   —    rich , mostly white men   —    is far different from the women , minorities , immigrants and Muslims who have at times been the most offended by the president ’s statements and positions . "   Yet , despite Crouse ’s above conclusion , Els did n’t say he the president’s to play with Trump because he the president’s with all his the president’s but that he the president’s so out of respect for the office .   " I ’m Els silly to what ’s going on , " said Els Els who owns 47 combined PGA and European Tour victories including four major championships . " I know this is probably the most polarizing president of my time . " Els Els , " Whether you agree or not , I felt it was a duty to play with the president when you get the call . "    golfer Pat Perez is n’t the least bit shy of acknowledging his golfer Pat Perez for the the president saying that he would play golfer Pat Perez Trump " in a heartbeat . " So , now he can expect golfer Pat Perez Twitter and golfer Pat Perez feeds to be trashed by Trump haters . Trump his credit , golfer Pat Perez obviously does golfer Pat Perez care too much about that . Moreover , Perez commented that he would have Perez down an invitation from Hillary Clinton if she had won Hillary Clinton election in November . Golf icon Tiger Woods and L. P. G. A. player Lexi Thompson , both have teed it up with The Donald , subjecting themselves to social both scorn as well . Thompson claims Trump L. P. G. A. player Lexi Thompson his driver 250 L. P. G. A. player Lexi Thompson . Trump becomes the Trump president with whom Tiger has played , having joined George H. W. Bush , Bill Clinton , and Obama on the golf course during their reign as George H. W. Bush, Bill Clinton of the free world . Tiger quipped after Tiger with Trump that he Trump impressed Trump how the president took the President " lash " at the golf ball . He added that his the President was " the President , " and " Our discussion topics were   . " One particular PGA player , Jim Herman has a strong affinity toward the President . Trump took Herman Trump his wing Jim Herman an Jim Herman pro at his course in Bedminster Jim Herman N. J. Eventually , Trump sponsored Herman Trump in his Jim Herman in 2006 Jim Herman Last Year Herman won his first Jim Herman tour Jim Herman and has captured some $ 6 million on the tour . The     Herman , who has played with Trump hundreds of times , was invited by then    Trump to Trump Trump in January . Jim Herman " It ’s still very hard for me to separate ‘ President Donald Trump’ from the guy I ’ve played with for the last 10 years , " Herman admitted . " I think of how generous Mr. Trump and all of those people were in helping me make it to the PGA Tour . So on that day in Washington , the inauguration was almost surreal in seeing him and his children and Herman members Herman his clubs I had n’t Herman in many years , all of us back together to share in that unique moment in American history . " 
 