Republicans going home to talk to Republicans constituents are facing violence and death threats , with some lawmakers upping security at town hall events   —    a consequence of a culture of violence being fostered by    activists and Republicans allies in the liberal media . [ In the lead up to the passage of ObamaCare in 2010 , conservatives were vocal at town halls and other forums in conservatives opposition to the law . Yet , despite a great deal of speculation and fearmongering by the media , town hall events were almost entirely free of violence or threats of harm .   As the Democrats seek to mirror that opposition against President Trump and the Republican health care bill , the same commitment to    is not there . Using similar tactics to " Antifa " activists opposing conservative speakers on college campuses , some    activists are disrupting events and even resorting to threats and acts of violence .   A man was arrested last week for threatening Rep. Martha McSally ( ) in voicemail messages , telling Rep. Martha McSally ( ) that Rep. Martha McSally ( ) days " were numbered " because of Rep. Martha McSally ( ) support for the president . The Arizona Republic reported that Rep. Martha McSally ( ) district is one of the most evenly divided in the nation , but the threats are especially disturbing as her district represents the district represented by former Democratic Rep. Gabby Giffords , who was shot in the head in 2011 . McSally faced one of the more extreme crowds at a town hall in February where McSally was heckled as activists carried signs saying , " Stop Trump ’s crusade of hate " and " No ! This fascist regime must be stopped before This fascist regime starts . " Some threats , allegedly from Steven Martan who was arrested by the FBI , say : " Martha our sights are set on Some threats, allegedly from Steven Martan who was arrested by the FBI , right between your ( expletive ) eyes " and " Ca n’t wait to ( expletive ) pull the trigger ( expletive ) , " according to the Republic . This month , a woman was arrested after a woman allegedly attempted to drive Rep. David Kustoff ( ) off the road over Rep. David Kustoff ( ) support of the Republican health care bill after an event . When the car stopped , a woman is alleged to have attacked the car , hitting the windows and reaching inside the the car a woman was arrested after a woman bragged about it on Facebook . While tempting to dismiss as    incidents , the threats and attacks come amid a backdrop of a culture of violence among the left . Riots , once a rare occurrence in America , now seem commonplace from leftist thugs in the era of Trump . Hundreds of people were arrested for rioting on Trump ’s Trump alone , and college campuses have seen threats and violence should they dare to threats and violence a conservative speaker onto campus .   This has even been promoted to an extent by some liberal media outlets . In addition to the general hysteria and misinformation being pushed by some outlets ( such as the false claim spread by a number of outlets that the health care reform bill would " make sexual assault a    condition " ) there have been outright calls for harassment .   Two days before the attack on Kustoff , a May 10 opinion piece by Michelangelo Signorile for HuffPost told readers , " It ’s time a May 10 opinion piece by Michelangelo Signorile for HuffPost move beyond polite protests within specified boundaries . It ’s time a May 10 opinion piece by Michelangelo Signorile for HuffPost escalate the expression of our outrage and our anger in our massive way . " Starting today and from here on , no elected official ― certainly those in the GOP defending and supporting Trump on a variety of issues , for example ― should be able to sit down for a nice , quiet lunch or dinner in a Washington , DC eatery or even in their own homes certainly those in the GOP defending and supporting Trump on a variety of issues, for example ― They should be certainly those in the GOP defending and supporting Trump on a variety of issues, for example ― by protestors everywhere , especially in public ― in restaurants ― in shopping centers , in their districts , certainly those in the GOP defending and supporting Trump on a variety of issues, for example ― yes , on the public property outside their homes and certainly those in the GOP defending and supporting Trump on a variety of issues, for example ― , in Washington and back Washington their home states certainly those in the GOP defending and supporting Trump on a variety of issues, for example ― A day later , a man at a town hall meeting put his hands on a man at a town hall meeting Kevin Cramer ( ) and tried to stuff money into his blazer to a man at a town hall meeting his support of a man at a town hall meeting health care bill . The protester , Mike Quinn , was then written about sympathetically by The Washington Post , which made much of his subsequent apology a man at a town hall meeting Cramer   — Rep. Kevin Cramer included this frightening quote from Quinn : " I was out of my mind with anger for a few moments there . " Understandably , it now seems Republican lawmakers are taking precautions . The Hill reports that , after a catalog of violence and threats , many GOP lawmakers are fearing for their safety at town many GOP lawmakers , and some are upping security in response .   Rep. Tom Garrett ( ) increased security at a town hall event after he received a number Rep. Tom Garrett ( ) increased security at a town hall event after he received a number of death threats online  —    death threats online   —    threats deemed " credible and real " by authorities . " Dissent is American . Praise God . We need that . That ’s what made us who we are We But We it ’s ‘ I That going to kill you this way . Then I ’m going to kill ’m wife . This is what I ’m going to do ’m your daughters,’    …      I ’m not going to not share it , " Garrett told The Roanoke Times . In its report documenting the The Roanoke Times , The Hill noted that often it is n’t the lawmakers themselves that get the threats , but the threats their families . It was often it isn’t the lawmakers themselves that get the threats young daughter , for instance , of Rep. Jeff Fortenberry ( ) who found a sign on the family lawn : " Traitors put party above country Do the right thing for once , shithead . " Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York . Follow Adam on Twitter : @AdamShawNY Adam Shaw 
 