A plan to ban local and county jails in California from detaining illegal immigrants with immigration detainers is being pushed by open borders organizations . A plan to ban local and county jails in California from detaining illegal immigrants with immigration detainers have ties to globalist billionaire George Soros . [ As    blog Mother Jones reported , the initiative to protect illegal immigrants would be included in the California California budget . The A plan to ban local and county jails in California from detaining illegal immigrants with immigration detainers it illegal A plan to ban local and county jails in California from detaining illegal immigrants with immigration detainers local or county jails from entering into agreements with federal immigration authorities to protect Americans from illegal immigrant crime .   Coincidentally , the two organizations pushing the plan behind the scenes have links to Soros and his infamous Soros Society Foundation , which serves as a    to enrich    social justice and open borders groups . For instance , the Immigrant Legal Resource Center ( ILRC ) which is promoting the plan , has taken grant money from Soros’ Open Society Foundation since at least 2009 when it received Soros’ Open Society Foundation 200 , 000 from Soros . Soros 2012 , ILRC took even more money from the Open Soros’ Open Society Foundation more than $ 1 . 8 million from Soros that Soros . The other open borders organization behind the    immigrant California plan is the Community Initiatives for Visiting Immigrants in Confinement ( CIVIC ) This group also has staff ties to Soros . Soros staffer Tina Shull runs the organization ’s " storytelling projects , " while also being a recipient of the Soros Justice Fellowship , a    grant department that gives out anywhere between $ 58 , 700 to $ 110 , 250 to specific individuals for social justice advocacy . CIVIC ’s    director Christina Fialho told Mother Jones in an interview that California potential ban on detaining illegal immigrants was a " powerful first step " in the state ’s overall agenda California President Trump ’s agenda . This is not the first California initiative this year that    California have pushed . Breitbart Texas reported in May that the    Alliance of Californians for Community Empowerment ( ACCE ) pushed legislation forcing landlords to rent to illegal immigrants , even after they know their immigration status . landlords Binder landlords a reporter for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas . 
 John Binder 