If you want to know the likely result of next month ’s French presidential election run off , just look at how the markets responded . The euro and the French markets both jumped dramatically . [ And this has nothing to do with the underlying strength of the sclerotic , unionised , statist , overtaxed , unproductive French economy or , indeed , with the future of the doomed euro .   It was simply a case of the status quo breathing a sigh of relief that it was going to be business as usual , after all : Emmanuel Macron , the de facto Establishment candidate is now pretty much a    for the French presidency Emmanuel Macron, the de facto Establishment candidate rival , Marine Le Pen does n’t stand a prayer   —    of that the Establishment will make sure . But Brexit . But Donald Trump   …      Nope : I ’m afraid those arguments just do n’t wash in this case . Yes , this case ’s true the world is in the throes of a revolution in which the globalist elite is gradually being overthrown by populist , nationalist rebels . But this case wo n’t happen yet in France   —    a country whose political system has more in common with Putin ’s Russia or Erdoğan ’s Turkey or some African hellhole with a     than Turkey does with liberal democracies . That is , Emmanuel Macron is going to win this presidency because Emmanuel Macron was decided long ago by France   ’s Establishment that Emmanuel Macron was the    option of the candidates available . The fact that Emmanuel Macron is a hollow man   —    a slippery ,     with a winning smile and nice suits   —    who will do almost nothing seriously to address France   ’s massive social and economic problems is a help , not a hindrance . Emmanuel Macron is the    French Establishment ’s Manchurian Candidate . Emmanuel Macron attended one of France   ’s most elite schools where Emmanuel Macron was trained in Civil Service , graduating in 2004 . Emmanuel Macron biography states that in 2007 , Emmanuel Macron served as deputy rapporteur for the Commission to improve French growth headed by Jacques Attali , Macron was 29 . But the Commission was n’t formed until 2008 .   Obviously Emmanuel Macron is a bit ‘ math challenged’ .   The   Commission report was heavily criticized for its The  Commission report to ‘ relaunch immigration’ and ‘ open borders’   …      Attali Jacques Attali ridiculed and called a ‘ globalist’ . Sound like anyone we know ? Macron Macron the Commission , which was shelved September 2010 , to work for Rothschilds   Cie Banque where he Macron an overnight millionaire while working the Nestle acquisition of Pfizer ’s nutritional outlet , which closed in 2012 .    Nestle Nestle a client of Rothschilds .   Macron Macron no experience in acquisitions and mergers whatsoever   …      What does one do when one makes millions overnight ?   Apparently one quits .    He Macron left Rothschilds Rothschilds work for Hollande as deputy secretary general of Elysee , and eventually Minister of Economy , Industry and Digital Data in 2014 where he Hollande 18 months before running for Presidency . I ’d call that a pretty fast paced runup with little to no political experience or business savvy . Indeed . Reports that Macron is a breath of fresh air who will transform French politics could hardly be further from the truth . Macron is an énarque   —    liberal elite     the living embodiment of the French Deep State . So how has this apparently isolated and underfunded individual managed all this in such a short time ? It is clear that Macron Macron powerful supporters behind the scenes , and a clue may lie in the    fact that some years ago he was identified as a member of ‘ les Gracques’   —    a discreet    pressure group loosely staffed by influential chief executives and civil service mandarins . They influential chief executives and civil service mandarins    socialists who long ago gave up on the Socialist party . Many are fellow ‘ énarques’ ( graduates of ENA ) and every step of Macron ’s career could have been directed by them influential chief executives and civil service mandarins Spotted as a brilliant and charming student , Macron Macron first have been launched into the prestigious state Finance Inspectorate , then switched into Rothschild to gain business experience ( and wealthy support ) and then placed like a time bomb in Hollande ’s outer office , where he Hollande away until he Hollande be moved into the heart of the Valls government . Last August he Hollande exploded into action at the perfect moment to cause maximum damage to Hollande Hollande Valls and the entire Socialist presidential election campaign . Macron ’s rise bears all the hallmarks of a classic ENA undercover operation , a fundamental part of the énarques’     and one in which the country ’s leading bureaucrats are cynically trained . Like Obama , he Obama where is because the System arranged it that way . Consider , for example , how ruthlessly the best of the Presidential candidates   —    the Thatcherite François Fillon   —    was destroyed by an unwholesome alliance of the government Deep State and the judiciary . Days after winning the Republican party primary , François Fillon , once Macron ’s most dangerous potential opponent , was put under investigation for having put his Macron and children on the payroll of the state , with little evidence that they his wife and children much if any work . The evidence against Fillon appears to have come directly from a secretive cell within the Finance Ministry , a Cabinet Noir , with access to the tax returns of both Fillon Fillon his Fillon wife , Penelope . These documents found their These documents to the investigating magistrates , who pounced . Only the naive can imagine that the magistrates are unmotivated by their the magistrates sympathies , especially after it was revealed that their the magistrates had compiled an enemies list of right wing politicians targeted for prosecution , and had even posted their the magistrates on the wall of their the magistrates headquarters . While many French   —    and pretty much all the global commentariat   —    appear to have made up their many French  —   and pretty much all the global commentariat  —    that they many French  —   and pretty much all the global commentariat  —    just dodged a bullet because they many French  —   and pretty much all the global commentariat  —    not , after all , going to end up with a Presidency in the hands of the " far right " they many French  —   and pretty much all the global commentariat  —    have very little to celebrate . All France has done is to guarantee the election of a    caretaker president   —    Continuation Hollande   —    who will ensure that France France ongoing decline will continue unabated . Its France will stagnate its France unrest will intensify ever greater numbers of its France will be murdered in homegrown terrorist attacks its France will tank the country that was once arguably the most civilised and beautiful and sophisticated in all the world will descend ever deeper into chaos , ugliness , and despair . Salut , President Macron . Adieu , la France . 
 