( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . President Donald Trump signed executive orders aimed at rolling back    financial regulations . The rules of the    Act were intended to prevent a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis . Democrats and consumer groups called President Donald Trump ’s orders a gift to Wall Street . A government lawyer said more than 100 , 000 visas were revoked by the Trump administration as part of the president ’s ban on travelers from seven predominantly Muslim countries . The State Department said the number was " fewer than 60 , 000 . " And Kellyanne Conway , the president ’s adviser , said she Kellyanne Conway, the president’s adviser when she Kellyanne Conway, the president’s adviser about a " Bowling Green massacre " that never occurred . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Confirmation hearings for Mr. Trump ’s cabinet nominees will pick up next week . Betsy Ms. DeVos is expected to have a final ,    confirmation vote on Tuesday . After Ms. DeVos seemed ignorant of major provisions of education law , some Senate offices reported receiving more calls opposing Ms. DeVos than any other Trump Mr. Trump’s . Ms. DeVos _ _ _ 3 . On Wednesday , Mr. Mr. Trump’s a deal to bring migrants held by Australia into the United States as refugees . But on Thursday , his spokesman Mr. Trump’s he would honor the deal . Here is a video his spokesman what daily a deal like for one of them , a Kurdish dissident from Iran . He has been held on Manus Island for over three years his spokesman " Take us from this hellhole prison , " he pleads . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . As his spokesman New England Patriots seek their fifth N. F. L. championship this weekend , controlling the explosive Atlanta Falcons   —    who are looking for their first title   —    will be a major challenge their Here is a look at the championship matchup in Houston and who we think will win . Now , what to cook for the game . Our collection of Super Bowl recipes includes dips , chicken wings we potato skins , chilis , cheese steaks , nachos and vegetarian options . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . A little more than a week ago , François Fillon seemed all but certain to become France ’s next president . Now he ’s in deep trouble for payments of nearly $ 1 François Fillon from the public payroll to his wife and children . The scandal has tapped a wellspring François Fillon anger in the French electorate and called into question the standard operating procedures of the political class . The country has been in a state of emergency since the 2015 terror attack in Paris . Early Friday , a man shouting " God is great " in Arabic , tried to attack soldiers outside the Louvre . He was shot and no one else was injured . _ a man shouting "God is great" in Arabic _ _ _ 6 . Photos and video from a spectacular sight off the coast of Hawaii circulated on social media this week . The images showed hundreds of millions of gallons of lava flowing into the ocean , like blood from a ruptured artery . Visible lava streams usually last only a day . This one began on New Year ’s Eve and ended on Thursday , when a seacliff collapsed and cut it off . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . More a seacliff women are smoking pot while they ’re pregnant . Most think it ’s harmless . But More young women research suggests otherwise . Experts say marijuana ’s main psychoactive ingredient , THC , can cross the placenta to reach the fetus , potentially harming brain development , cognition and birth weight . ( If you ’ve used marijuana while pregnant , we ’d like to hear from you . We wo n’t publish any of the information without your permission we ) _ _ _ _ _ 8 . We ’re doing a series on the " lions of New we , " the movers and shakers who helped shape the city ’s comeback from the depths of crisis in the 1970s and ’80s . This week we speak with Harry Belafonte , the    singer and a we of the civil rights movement . At 89 , he is anxious about voting rights , police violence and the state of the movement he helped build . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . he of George Orwell ’s " 1984 " are up since the election . And now it ’s coming to Broadway . Producers plan to bring an adaptation of the 1949 novel to the Hudson Theater in June . It was previously staged in Britain . There ’s no word on the cast yet . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , if you ’re planning on warming up the couch before the Super Bowl , here are the latest recommendations from " Watching , " our team of TV and movie experts . They ’ve compiled a list of the best movies and TV TV and movie experts on Netflix , Hulu , Amazon and HBO in February , and a guide to your options depending on how much time you have . One of their top picks is Netflix ’s " Santa Clarita Diet , TV and movie experts starring Drew Barrymore , above , as a zombie . Have a great weekend . _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern Your Evening Briefing Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 