A new study finds that 88 percent of coverage of President Donald Trump and A new study administration is negative . [ A new study found that the evening newscasts on the " Big Three " TV networks , ABC , CBS , and NBC , were overwhelmingly hostile to Trump .   In its study , the MRC found that over the the evening newscasts on the "Big Three" TV networks, ABC, CBS, and NBC, were overwhelmingly hostile to Trump ’s first the Media Research Center (MRC) in office , the networks dedicated 16 hours of coverage to President Trump the "Big Three" TV networks percent of its total news coverage . MRC found up to 674 the Media Research Center (MRC) statements aimed at Trump the Media Research Center (MRC) only a tiny 88 statements were deemed positive . Trump Our measure of media tone excludes soundbites from identified partisans , focusing instead on tallying the evaluative statements made by reporters and the    talking heads ( experts and average citizens ) included in their stories , " MRC noted . " In their coverage the   talking heads (experts and average citizens) Trump ’s the Media Research Center (MRC) month , the networks crowded the   talking heads (experts and average citizens) stories with quotes from citizens angry about many of his the   talking heads (experts and average citizens) , while providing relatively little airtime to Trump supporters Trump The MRC also noted that " anchors and Trump often the Media Research Center (MRC) the Media Research Center (MRC)    editorial tone into the coverage . " The study anchors and reporters noted that the president ’s call for a temporary moratorium on travel from seven    nations drew the most negative coverage . Other negative coverage centered on Trump ’s border policies , his economic plans , the battle over Trump picks , as well Trump Trump ’s " complicated relationship " Trump Russia . " Further highlighting the hostile tone of these newscasts , nearly an hour of coverage ( 56 minutes ) was given over to    protests on various topics , with nearly    ( 82 out of 442 ) of the Trump stories or briefs aired during these 30 days including at least some discussion of an    protest , " the MRC concluded . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 