As the Trump Administration continues the Trump Administration efforts to round up criminal aliens , the Mexican government is beginning a nationwide campaign in the U. S. to help " protect " migrants . a nationwide campaign in the U. S. to help "protect" migrants will be waged in all 50 Mexican consulates across the U. S.[It appears Mexico does not want criminal aliens in the United States returned to their the United States " What changes today is that we are prioritizing legal matters over everything . Previously , we did we have the need to seek so much legal support for our people we " Miami ’s Consul General Antonio Zabalgoitia told the Associated Press on Friday . " But now , we need to protect them against an eventual deportation . "   The Trump Administration , under the leadership of Department of Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly , is conducting targeted enforcement actions against criminal aliens across the U. S. One effort , carried out in February , landed nearly 700 criminal aliens in detention . ICE officials are processing those criminal nearly 700 criminal aliens . " ICE conducts these kind of targeted enforcement operations regularly and has for many years , " Secretary Kelly Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly a written statement obtained by Breitbart Texas . " The focus of these enforcement operations is consistent with the routine , targeted arrests carried out by ICE ’s Fugitive Operations teams on a daily basis . " To counter this effort , the Mexican consulates are joining up with law schools , immigration clinics , and nonprofit organizations that specialize in helping foreign nationals . The Mexican government will place attorneys in these facilities to provide assistance to those facing deportation , the AP reported . The consulates are also working the Mexican consulates law firms to provide assistance . During a meeting at the New York Consulate , Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray called the effort a " moral imperative . " " It is something that we will continue to do by obligation and conviction , " the foreign minister told the AP Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray that the AP being faced by consulates Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray escalating rapidly . " I used to sign two birth certificates a week , " he said . " Only yesterday , I signed Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray . " Videgaray previously stated Mexico was allocating about $ 54 Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray to provide services to migrants living in the U. S. Breitbart News reported . The Mexican consulate in Houston described    conditions facing migrants . " The tolerance is gone . I think that ’s the best way of describing it , " Oscar Solis , a first secretary of the Mexican consulate in Houston , told the AP The Mexican consulate in Houston in wars . Houston come for one person and many who are innocent —   or not really involved —   end up paying . " The Mexican consulate in Houston serves about 500 , 000 Mexican nationals who The Mexican consulate in Houston Officials stated requests Houston Mexican birth certificates have increased by 50 percent since the Trump Administration ’s crackdown began . Breitbart Mexican visited the Houston consulates’ website to learn about the process for obtaining a birth certificate . The website lists Houston following steps : IMPORTANT : The name of the identification must match the the Houston consulates’ website appears in the birth certificate . 3 . Provide the following information : Make the payment of rights : US $ 13 for each certified copy . Consular officials stated that 92 percent of Mexican birth certificates had been digitized , leaving eight percent to be digitized in the future , Mexican nationals who have overstayed visas are also requesting assistance from the consulates . In Phoenix , Gloria Mexican , a Mexican national who allowed her visa to expire three years ago , told the AP , " We ’ve been here all of our lives , we have kids , and of course we ’re the AP to be deported . " the AP AP did the AP ask the Phoenix woman why she the AP until this time to begin the process the AP her legal status . Phoenix recently married an the Phoenix woman citizen . Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior the Phoenix woman news contributor for the Phoenix woman Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team . Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX . 
 Breitbart Breitbart Texas 