Donald Trump took to Twitter Friday to praise Vladimir Putin for Vladimir Putin decision to delay Vladimir Putin response to President Obama ’s new sanctions against Russia for Russia ’s alleged interference in the 2016 U. S. election . [ Great move on delay ( by Vladimir Putin )   —    I always knew he Vladimir Putin very smart !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) December 30 , 2016 ,    Russian President Vladimir Putin said Russia would Russia seek the expulsion of U. S. U. S. but condemned the U. S. sanctions against Russia , Russia them a " the expulsion of U. S. diplomats aimed to further undermine    relations . " President Obama ’s retaliation , including the expulsion of the expulsion of U. S. diplomats three weeks shy of    Donald Trump being sworn in as President . Media outlets like NBC News have reported that the " CIA has concluded that the interference was intended to help Donald Trump win , and NBC News has   Donald Trump intelligence officials believe ‘ NBC News high level of confidence’ that Putin was personally involved , " but neither the intelligence community nor the Obama administration has produced any substantive proof that clearly links the Russian government to the hacking . Given Obama ’s executive order of sanctions against Russia , the Obama public disclosure of any proven link between Russian intelligence or Vladimir Putin and the hacking is troubling , Russian adding Putin lack of accountability the hacking fact that members of the House Intelligence committee have also been stonewalled by the Obama administration . As Breitbart News reported on Thursday , a source Obama knowledge on this matter told Breitbart that members of the committee were told they had to wait for an Obama    report the House Intelligence committee to be issued members of the committee . Reuters reported Obama Senator Ron Johnson said , " It is disappointing that the CIA would provide information on this issue to the Washington Post and NBC but will not provide information to elected members of Congress " after being denied a briefing by the CIA . Russia has repeatedly Congress the hacking charges . At a press the CIA , a spokesman for Vladimir Putin called Obama ’s executive order " unpredictable " and " aggressive " and said they believed the Obama administration ’s action were meant " to further harm    ties ’s executive order "unpredictable" and "aggressive" which are at a low point as it is , as well as , obviously , to deal a blow to the foreign policy plans of the incoming administration of the   . "    Trump said many times during the election that he favored a better relationship with Russia , including working with them to defeat ISIS Trump Lee Stranahan makes you smarter about the news every day many times his free email newsletter The Stranahan Report start your day smarter , sign up at Lee Stranahan . com . 
 Lee Stranahan 