The diplomatic travails of President Trump and his past Twitter fixation with Kristen Stewart provided plenty of fodder for " Saturday Night Live " this weekend . But a sketch lampooning Sean M. Spicer , the White House press secretary , in which he was impersonated by Melissa McCarthy , the comic actress and a surprise guest star , stole the show as " S. N. L. " continued to take swings at a president who delights in hitting back . In the show ’s cold open , Alec Baldwin returned for another outing as Mr. Trump , phoning up other world leaders under the guidance of chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon ( actually an " S. N. L. " cast member dressed as the Grim Reaper ) . As Mr. Mr. Trump Mr. Alec Baldwin called Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull of Australia ( Beck Bennett ) who reminded him that Alec Baldwin Barack Obama promised to receive 1 , 200 refugees held in detention in Australia . " Australia refugees , " Mr. Baldwin Alec Baldwin . " America first , Australia sucks . Your Australia is failing . Prepare to go to war . " He went on Alec Baldwin call President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico ( " Guy who ’s going to pay for the wall says what ? ") Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany ( " I ’m going to write a memoir about this struggle , and call it ‘ My Struggle’   —    what would that be in German ? ") and President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe . Mr. Mugabe ( Kenan President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe intimidated : " I will rip out your spine and drink from your skull , " he told Mr. Baldwin . In her opening monologue President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe Ms. Stewart , the show ’s host , recalled a period in 2012 when Mr. Trump posted several tweets about the relationship she had with her " Twilight "    Robert her . ( her one tweet Mr. Trump wrote that Ms. Stewart " cheated on Mr. Trump a dog   will do it again , Mr. Trump and in another he invited Mr. a dog   to attend the Miss Universe pageant a dog   ) her "Twilight"   Robert Pattinson be fair , " Ms. Stewart said , " I do n’t think her hated me . I think he ’s in love Mr. Trump boyfriend . " She added , Mr. Trump The president is not a huge fan of me my boyfriend But that is so O. K. And Donald , if you my boyfriend n’t like me then , you ’re really probably not going to like me now . Because I ’m hosting S. N. L. and I ’m , like , so gay , dude . " Still , the ’m belonged to Ms. McCarthy , the star of " Bridesmaids " and " Ghostbusters , " who came out in thinning blond hair and an    suit to play an aggressive ,    version of Mr. Spicer as he led a daily White House press briefing . " I know that Mr. Spicer and the press have gotten off to a rocky start , " Mr. Spicer said , starting off the session . " When I say rocky Mr. Spicer , I mean it in the sense of ‘ Rocky,’ the movie , because I came rocky start here to punch you in the face . And also I do n’t talk so good . " As Mr. Spicer , Ms. McCarthy then told the press corps she would be " apologizing , on behalf of you , to me Mr. Spicer for how you have treated me these last two weeks . " " And that apology is not accepted , " she added . Discussing Mr. Trump ’s recent announcement that he would nominate Mr. Spicer Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court , Ms. Mr. Trump said , " The crowd greeted him with a standing ovation , which lasted a full 15 minutes . Mr. Trump you can check the tape on that . Everyone was smiling . Everyone was happy . The men all had erections , and every single one of the women was ovulating left and right . And no one , no one was sad . Those are the facts forever . " An addled Ms. McCarthy then read her own email password , and tangled with a New York Times reporter An addled Ms. McCarthy played by Bobby Moynihan ) who asked why Mr. Trump did or did not use the word " ban " when describing his executive order prohibiting travelers from seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the Mr. Trump States . " You just said that , " she told the reporter . " He ’s quoting you . It ’s An addled Ms. McCarthy words . He ’s using Mr. Trump words , when you use the words and he Mr. Trump them back your words ’s circular using of the your words Mr. Trump ’s from you . It When a Wall Street Journal reporter simply asked , " Are you O. K. ? " Ms. McCarthy charged at her with her podium and threatened , " I will put you in the corner Ms. McCarthy CNN Ms. McCarthy " ( The screen then showed a CNN reporter in a cage . ) Mr. Trump has posted complaints and criticisms of CNN Saturday Night Live " on his Twitter account over the past several months , though he has not weighed in Mr. Trump the show in the weeks since his inauguration . Mr. Trump Nor , as of this writing , has Mr. Spicer . Mr. Trump Mr. Baldwin , whose impression of Mr. Trump has often been a target of the president ’s ire , is scheduled to host " S. N. L. " next Saturday , Feb. 11 . 
 