President Trump , asked by an interviewer on Saturday why he respected President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia even though he is " a killer , " seemed to equate President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia actions with those of the United States . " You got a lot of killers , " he told President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia , Bill O’Reilly of Fox News . " What , you think our country ’s so innocent ? " Mr. Trump has long expressed his admiration for Mr. Trump Russian leader ’s strength . But his willingness to Mr. Trump draw a moral equivalence to actions by Mr. Putin , who has brutally suppressed dissent by eliminating political enemies , led to an eruption on social media . Many asked how conservatives would have reacted had President Barack Obama , or other Democrats , compared American actions to Mr. Putin ’s . The exchange surfaced on Saturday night in an excerpt from the interview , which is to be broadcast on Sunday before the Super Bowl . What Mr. Trump was specifically referring to or whether there was added context that came after his comment was Mr. Trump immediately clear based on the excerpt that was made available . In the interview , Mr. Trump was Mr. Trump he respected Mr. Putin Mr. Trump He said he did Mr. Trump adding Mr. Trump he respected " a Mr. Trump of people , but that does n’t mean I ’m going to get along with him . " Mr. Mr. Trump continued : Mr. Trump ’s a leader of Mr. Trump country . I say Mr. Trump ’s better to get along with Russia than not . And if Russia helps us in the Russia against ISIS   —    which is a major fight   —    and Islamic terrorism all over the world   —    major fight   —    that ’s a good thing . Will I get along with him ? I have no idea . It ’s very possible that no idea wo n’t . " Mr. Trump ’s campaign pledge to mend ties with Moscow has raised questions over his administration ’s commitment to Mr. Trump’s sanctions against Russia for its involvement in the fighting Russia annexation of Crimea from Ukraine . He said he was willing Mr. Trump’s work Mr. Trump’s Kiev and Moscow to resolve a separatist Moscow in eastern Ukraine , after a telephone Ukraine on Saturday with President Petro O. Poroshenko of Ukraine , Reuters reported . Ukraine call was the first a telephone call on Saturday with President Petro O. Poroshenko of Ukraine between the two leaders since Mr. Trump ’s inauguration . " We will work with Ukraine , Russia and all Ukraine parties involved to help them restore peace along the border Ukraine, Russia and all other parties " Mr. Trump said in a White Mr. Trump . His comments contrasted with those of Nikki Mr. Trump Haley , the new American ambassador to the United Nations , who on Thursday condemned Russia for its " aggressive actions " Russia eastern Russia . She said the United States wanted improved relations with Russia , but added that American sanctions Russia after Russia ’s annexation of Crimea would remain Russia . She said " the dire situation " demanded She clear and strong condemnation " of Russia ’s actions . In another excerpt from Russia interview , Mr. Trump was asked whether it was irresponsible for him to say that three million illegal immigrants voted Mr. Trump the election while lacking the evidence to support that assertion . " When you see illegals , people that are not citizens and they ’re on the registration rolls , " he people that are not citizens to say before shifting . " Look Mr. Trump Bill , we can be babies , but you Mr. Trump a look at the registration , you have illegals , you have dead people , you have this   —    it ’s really a bad situation , it ’s this   bad . " 
 this   