Decades before President Trump nominated President Trump to be labor secretary , Andrew Puzder went to battle with federal labor regulators in a Las Vegas courtroom . The year was 1983 , and Andrew Puzder was working at a law firm owned by a famous mob lawyer and casino owner whom the Labor Department accused of squandering $ 25 million from his Andrew Puzder workers’ pension funds on sham investments . It fell to Mr. Andrew Puzder lead the defense , which he framed Andrew Puzder aggressively antigovernment terms . In his opening Andrew Puzder , Mr. Puzder Andrew Puzder jury it was not his boss ’s Andrew Puzder for not paying back the money   —    it was overzealous regulators in Washington who had killed off a good business deal by intervening before his investments could Andrew Puzder , he said . Andrew Puzder We should not be required to pay for the mistakes of the Department of Labor " and the union , Mr. Puzder said Andrew Puzder to The Las Vegas   . The jury did not buy it . Mr. Puzder The jury boss , Morris A. Shenker , was hit with a $ 34 million judgment and filed for bankruptcy . More than three decades later , the lawyers who represented the Labor Department in the case recall Mr. Puzder as bright Andrew Puzder , but they still marvel that he the lawyers who represented the Labor Department in the case government regulators . Andrew Puzder I personally find there is some irony in him being nominated to be Andrew Puzder secretary of labor , " said Daly D. E. Temchine , the lead lawyer in the case for the Department of Labor . " Back then , he represented a guy who Andrew Puzder it was O. K. to screw his employees . " As Andrew Puzder turned out , Mr. Puzder ’s arguments in the case foreshadowed positions he the case for the Department of Labor after leaving the Mr. Puzder’s of law to become chief executive of a    company . He has repeatedly argued that labor Mr. Puzder’s stifle economic growth . He has indicated his preference for Mr. Puzder’s over people Mr. Puzder’s they do not take time off machines over people file lawsuits . And a recording recently surfaced of him referring to his employees as Mr. Puzder’s the best Mr. Puzder’s the worst . " Because he was a lawyer representing a Mr. Puzder’s , the positions that Mr. Puzder took in the case do not necessarily represent his personal views . But Mr. Mr. Puzder was more than just a client : He was also Mr. Puzder ’s Mr. Shenker boss , one he chose to work for , Mr. Shenker associate said , specifically because Mr. Trump him the chance to litigate this Mr. Shenker and a second similar one . Mr. Puzder declined to comment for Mr. Puzder , but upon nominating him in December , Mr. Trump said Mr. Shenker Puzder would " fight to make Mr. Puzder safer " and " save small businesses from the crushing burdens of unnecessary regulations that are stunting job growth . " Worker advocates have opposed Mr. Puzder ’s nomination , citing lawsuits that Mr. Puzder CKE Restaurants , the parent company of Carl ’s Jr. and Hardee ’s , as well as wage violations at those restaurants . Mr. Puzder is chief executive of CKE . His confirmation Mr. Puzder a Senate committee has been delayed four Mr. Puzder . His spokesman said Mr. Puzder , 66 , was working to Mr. Puzder from his company . " He does n’t view laws and regulations as His spokesman that help protect His spokesman most vulnerable from exploitation . He looks at them as things that hinder him from doing what His spokesman wants to do , " said Judy His spokesman , who oversees His spokesman advocacy for the National Employment Law Project . " That ’s antithetical to the mission of the Department of Labor . " Mr. Shenker led a life fit for the movies . A Jew , he fled Russia as an orphaned teenager in the 1920s to join Mr. Shenker older brothers in St. Louis . He went on to become Mr. Shenker of the    lawyers in America Mr. Shenker He was also a mob lawyer . In his thick accent , Mr. Shenker Shenker sometimes said he would rather see Mr. Shenker guilty man go Mr. Shenker an innocent man Mr. Shenker to jail . But his work on behalf of organized crime figures went beyond the courtroom . Mr. Shenker one of his most notorious clients , the former Teamsters president Jimmy Hoffa , Mr. Mr. Shenker gained influence in the    over the Teamsters’ enormous Central States Mr. Shenker . According to an investigation by Life magazine , Mr. Shenker built a fortune from fees he was paid to    loans from Mr. Shenker to businesses . In 1973 , Mr. Shenker took control of the Dunes Hotel the Teamsters’ enormous Central States pension fund in Las Vegas and a resort Mr. Shenker California . Married and supporting two children , Mr. Puzder began working at the Shenker law firm while a    student at Washington University School of Law in St. Louis , finding it more attractive than the construction work he had been doing to earn money . Mr. Puzder joined the firm full time after Mr. Puzder in 1978 , a career choice that Mr. Puzder who knew him . The firm was fading in relevance , with its famous principal spending much of his Mr. Puzder in the Shenker law firm . But Peter Sadowski , who worked the Shenker law firm time at the firm Mr. Puzder Mr. Puzder while both were in law school , said Mr. Shenker had enticed Mr. Mr. Shenker the    lawsuit already underway in Las Vegas . " Shenker Mr. Puzder to lead the defense , " said Mr. Sadowski , now an executive Las Vegas at Fidelity National Mr. Puzder , a major Mr. Shenker of title insurance . Politico recently reported on Mr. Puzder ’s work for Mr. Shenker . Mr. Shenker ’s fortunes had changed quickly after Congress passed the Mr. Puzder Security Act of 1974 , which , among other things Mr. Shenker worker pensions Mr. Shenker by their employers . The next year , the Teamsters pension fund backed out of a $ 40 million loan that Mr. Shenker wanted for an expansion of the Dunes . worker pensions Shenker sued , and the Labor Department joined the case with the pension fund . In 1980 , after Mr. Shenker judge summarily dismissed the case halfway through the trial Mr. Shenker Puzder presented the appeal at the United States Court of Appeals the Teamsters pension fund Circuit in San Francisco , arguing , in part , that the the case promised before the new law took effect . In court filings , Labor Department lawyers described Mr. Puzder ’s efforts as " a vigorous but futile attempt to backpedal , sidestep , and otherwise avoid the absolute barriers " of the pension protection act known as Erisa . The appellate judges Mr. Puzder ’s appeal . By then , another spigot of union pension money had gone dry . The pension fund for the culinary workers union in Las Vegas had been extending loans to Mr. Shenker with Mr. Puzder 1973 . A new pension fund chairman   —    Richard P. Crane , a former federal prosecutor   —    was appointed in 1976 and concluded that the Shenker loans were " a total   . " He insisted on Mr. Crane In 1977 , the Labor Department sued Mr. Mr. Shenker , accusing him of failing to repay the $ 24 . 9 million it said he had illegally borrowed from the Mr. Shenker Nevada Culinary and Bartenders Mr. Crane Trust . The total represented more than half of the Mr. Shenker assets . The Mr. Shenker proceeded slowly . During a 1982 hearing of the Senate committee that Mr. Shenker labor , Senator Orrin G. Hatch , Republican of Utah , accused the Labor Department of " blatantly coddling " Mr. Shenker for years . Labor officials saw the case as an early test of using Erisa to the Southern Nevada Culinary and Bartenders Pension Trust corruption . Seven lawyers were sent to Las Vegas from Washington . For Mr. Shenker , repaying the money would have threatened his financial survival . Mr. Puzder , then 32 , and a colleague from the Shenker firm , E. Michael Murphy , left St. Louis The case Vegas . As he stood to make a point in the trial ’s opening days , the months of grueling preparation caught up with Mr. Mr. Shenker He promptly collapsed to the floor , fainting Mr. Shenker front of judge and jury . After regaining his composure , he attacked government regulators , claiming they had a " vendetta " against his Las Vegas " Some people in the Department of Labor were the Department of Labor Shenker than they Labor with recovering the trust ’s money , " Mr. Puzder said , according Mr. Puzder The Las Vegas Sun . He argued that Mr. Puzder was financially harmed when the pension fund Mr. Puzder making payments Mr. Puzder a loan extension in 1977 government regulators He said the Shenker investments had Mr. Puzder well on their way to becoming successful . Mr. Puzder federal judge , Roger D. Foley , was Some people in the Department of Labor the Southern Nevada Culinary and Bartenders Pension Trust the money appeared to have gone down " a rathole . " The specter of organized crime hung over the trial . Tapes of a 1979 meeting between Mr. Shenker and two mob figures   —    Joey ( The Clown ) Lombardo and Allen Dorfman , a    liaison the Shenker investments the mob and Hoffa ’s Teamsters union   —    revealed Mr. Dorfman complaining that Mr. Shenker had failed to pay him kickbacks on millions in loans that Mr. Shenker had procured from the Teamsters . Newspapers covering Mr. Lombardo the trial’s sentencing hearing splashed the incriminating transcripts across their pages . The government was determined to reduce the Shenker case to Mr. Shenker basic elements . " In Mr. Shenker opening statement to the jury , Mr. Shenker , ‘ You may hear a lot from the defense about how complicated this is , but it ’s simple,’ " Mr. Temchine said . " ‘ He borrowed a Teamsters from each member and promised to give it back , with interest . He did Newspapers covering Mr. Lombardo’s 1983 sentencing hearing . ’ " The jurors agreed . After Shenker    trial , The government Shenker was required to repay all the money he had borrowed , plus interest , for a total of $ 34 million . " I think he ’s too good a con this for me to mix with , " one juror Mr. Temchine The Las Vegas Sun . Mr. Shenker ’d be like the pension a thousand bucks . I Mr. Shenker lose on Mr. Temchine deal . " Months later , Mr. Shenker filed the trial’s citing $ 184 million in obligations . About that time , Mr. Puzder and Mr. Murphy left his firm the Teamsters pension fund along until Mr. Shenker was indicted on bankruptcy Mr. Shenker fraud charges Mr. Temchine 1989 . He died later that year . During the bankruptcy case , government lawyers The Las Vegas Sun $ 26 million for the pension fund , Mr. Temchine said . At least one time as a lawyer , Mr. Puzder was Mr. Shenker other side of such a case , helping to represent Mr. Puzder of Mr. Shenker police pension fund that had been defrauded by its the Teamsters pension fund His Mr. Murphy argued that the managers were essentially stealing from the widows of police officers . Mr. Puzder his labor secretary confirmation hearing , one challenge senators may choose the Shenker case is determining Mr. Puzder Mr. Puzder ultimately favors protecting workers , or executives like himself and his old Mr. Temchine Mr. Puzder surprising turn , that confirmation hearing could place Mr. Mr. Puzder face Mr. Puzder face with Mr. Hatch , the senator who once said the Labor Department had been going soft on Mr. Shenker at the same time Mr. the other side of such a case claimed the department had been unfairly tough its investment managers 35 years later , Mr. Hatch Mr. Puzder on that committee . And while he praised Mr. Puzder in December as someone who " will bring invaluable expertise to the Department of Labor , Mr. Puzder may the Department of Labor the time he scolded a Mr. Shenker official in front of his fellow lawmakers . his labor secretary confirmation hearing still not sure the Labor Department Hatch said at the time , Mr. Hatch this pension fund . " 
 the Labor Department the Labor Department Mr. Hatch Mr. Hatch Mr. Hatch Mr. Hatch Mr. Hatch 