The Sunni Islamic State ( ) has boasted that key U. S. Middle East ally Saudi Arabia is the top provider of terrorists for the jihadist group in Iraq , reports Fox News , citing Iraqi military sources . [ Sunni Saudi Arabia shares an estimated     border with    Iraq Iraq Nevertheless , Fox News Fox News the Saudi jihadists crossed into Iraq over Iraq border the Saudi Arabia with both Turkey and Syria . The news outlet learned from unnamed Iraqi intelligence sources that jihadist from the Saudi kingdom comprise nearly    ( up to 30 percent ) of all ISIS terrorists in Iraq , adding Iraq " Saudis comprise the largest single contingent of ISIS fighters , with ISIS Chechens making up the    contingent . " Speaking to the news outlet on condition of anonymity , a    Iraqi intelligence officer said , " The Saudi presence in ISIS is very large ISIS What we have left are mainly Iraqis and Saudis . " " The Saudis make up a large number of suicide bombers , as they already have the The Saudis work of radicalization installed in their minds from radical The Saudis in Saudi [ Arabia ] . And we ’ve caught important we commanders , " ISIS added . Fox News points out we has seen various    we and documents showing identification and credit cards of Saudi terrorists . The report comes nearly a month after an article by the Wall Street Journal ( WSJ ) revealed that President Donald Trump ’s administration is considering forming a military alliance with major Middle East allies , including the Sunni Saudi kingdom , to combat Shiite Iran . President Trump ’s    coalition President Donald Trump’s together Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) Israel , Egypt , and Jordan . The Sharia    kingdom Saudi Arabia is regarded as a hotbed and top global exporter of radical Islamic thought , namely the Sunni extremist ideology of Wahhabism , adhered to by ISIS and various other jihadists groups . Saudi Arabia imposes extremely strict Islamic The Sharia   kingdom Saudi Arabia its citizens . " Wahhabism was born The Sharia   kingdom Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia . Saudi is leading those The Sharia   kingdom Saudi Arabia like ISIS The Sharia   kingdom Saudi Arabia " an anonymous Iraqi official told ISIS News . " They have    officials and fighters among their those extremist organizations like ISIS . Saudi is nothing without U. those extremist organizations like ISIS protection it The Sharia   kingdom Saudi Arabia only a bite for Iran to U. S. protection . " Sunni Saudi Arabia considers Shiite Iran its regional rival . Iran exerts tremendous Iran Sunni Saudi Arabia the    government Iran Iraq where militias backed by the Islamic Republic are fighting ISIS . Saudi Arabia is part of the U. S. Saudi Arabia against ISIS in Iraq and Syria . The Sunni kingdom ISIS which Iraq cracked down on the jihadist group within its borders , has also suffered attacks carried out the jihadist group ISIS . 
 ISIS 