Facebook has reportedly stated that employees that leave work on May 1st to protest Donald Trump ’s immigration policies will not be punished by Facebook . [ Bloomberg reports that Facebook Facebook have been given the green light by their Facebook staff to participate in protests on May 1st . The Facebook stated in their internal Facebook staff that they will Facebook staff any contractors on Facebook grounds , such as security workers or shuttle bus drivers , that illegally crack down on their employees’ such as security workers or shuttle bus drivers to protest .   " At Facebook , we ’re Facebook to fostering an inclusive workplace where employees feel comfortable expressing their opinions employees speaking up , " a spokesman wrote in a statement . " We support our people We recognizing International Workers’ Day and other efforts to raise awareness for safe and equitable employment conditions . " Derecka Mehrens , the    of Silicon Valley Rising , a union initiative for tech workers , stated , " It ’s important not just to the engineers and    holders that are traditionally thought of as the immigrants in tech but also to folks who are subcontracted but work     on those campuses . Immigrants play a critical role in the tech sector   —    both as engineers and coders but also in keeping tech campuses running smoothly . " Many tech companies in Silicon Valley have been vocal opponents of President Trump since his election President Trump Companies such as Google held protests across their campuses Companies such as Google they attacked Companies such as Google Trump President Trump immigration halt . CEO Sunar Pichai spoke to the crowd about the difficulties that the company faces CEO Sunar Pichai deal with the visa complications many of their foreign employees encountered the crowd thanking all those who appeared at the march . " Every step , I felt the support of 65 , 000 people behind me , " he said . " CEO Sunar Pichai are some values that you should never be compromising on , we need to stand together . The fight will continue . " Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan Lucas Nolan or email him at lnolan@breitbart . Lucas Nolan 
 