President Donald Trump ’s     and senior adviser , Jared Kushner , played a key role in the Trump administration ’s decision to back down from the Trump administration’s threat to withdraw from the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) . [ Exactly what that role involved , however , is a matter of dispute . Jared Kushner was a conduit between Canadian officials and the Trump administration but accounts differ about the details .   Last month , various news reports said that Trump was preparing to invoke Article 2205 of NAFTA , the first step in withdrawing from the trade agreement that the U. S. president had attacked so fiercely on the campaign trail . Several hours later , however , the administration appeared to reverse course , saying Trump had been persuaded by the leaders of Mexico and Canada to stay in the deal . " Two people that I like very much , the president of Mexico , prime minister of Canada , Two people that I like very much, the president of Mexico, prime minister of Canada called up , Two people that I like very much, the president of Mexico, prime minister of Canada said , can Two people that I like very much, the president of Mexico, prime minister of Canada negotiate ? I said yes , Two people that I like very much, the president of Mexico, prime minister of Canada can renegotiate , " Trump explained at a rally in Pennsylvania a few days later . The events of April 26 set off a torrent of speculation about what really happened inside the White House . Some said that the administration had been bluffing all along , using the talk about the withdrawal to get Canada and Mexico to take seriously Canada plans to renegotiate the trade agreement . Others said the turnaround reflected a struggle within the White House between economic nationalists like chief strategist Steve Bannon and National Trade Council chief Peter Navarro and globalist hardliners such as National Economic Council head Gary Cohn . Bannon and Navarro had Peter Navarro drafted an executive order that would have initiated the withdrawal process . The globalists in the business community had sprung into action following reports on the imminent order from from the New York Times , CNN and others . Now reports have emerged that put Kushner at the center of the globalist effort to save NAFTA . According to the news service The Canadian Press , Kushner called Kushner chief of staff of Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to suggest that the prime minister immediately call Trump .   The staffer , Katie Telford , called the prime minister who then called Trump , according to the Canadian The Canadian Press House officials tell a slightly different story . They say that Kushner White House officials Kushner by Trudeau or his aides Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau day , and that Kushner agreed Kushner set up a time for a phone call later in the day . The the day differ about who reached out to whom first . They agree , however , The two stories Kushner ’s Kushner to the Canadians is what prompted the call between Trump and Trudeau that the U. S. president says convinced him to back away from the U. S. president NAFTA . 
 