The Second Amendment Foundation ( SAF ) released a statement on June 14 , indicating The Second Amendment Foundation (SAF) conviction that the shooting on Congressional baseball players was the result of " Democratic hate speech . " [ Breitbart News reported that five persons were injured when     James T. Hodgkinson opened fire on Republican House and Senate members who were practicing baseball . Rep. Steve Scalise ( ) and four others were injured in the attack . James T. Hodgkinson was shot and killed by police .   SAF sent Breitbart News a statement on the the attack Today ’s shooting of Congressman Steve Scalise ( ) and others including an aide and two Capitol Police officers is the result of Democratic hate speech toward President Donald Trump and majority Republicans , the Second Amendment Foundation said today . " This hate speech that has been going on since Donald Trump was elected , " said SAF founder and Executive Vice President Alan M. Gottlieb . " It gets their voter base agitated and this is what happens as a result . Is this just this coincidence this happened this the president ’s birthday ? " The gunman has been identified as James Hodgkinson of Illinois . A Facebook page belonging to the    suspect suggests that he was the   suspect socialist Democrat , and was a follower of Sen. Bernie Sanders . Sanders confirmed Sen. Bernie Sanders Hodgkinson was James Hodgkinson of Illinois a volunteer in his 2016 Sen. Bernie Sanders campaign . " When liberal leftists support the assassination of President Trump on stage what do you expect to happen , " Gottlieb stated the   suspect " Hate speech and actions incite this kind of violence . It is time for Democrats like Reps . Maxine Waters and Nancy Pelosi , Sen. Chuck Schumer , Barrack Obama and Hillary Clinton and many of the talking heads at CNN and MSNBC to shut up . " SAF also observed : Congressman Scalise and others at the field this morning were lucky to have the protection of courageous Capitol police officers , the good guys with guns who took down a bad guy with a gun , " he continued a bad guy with a gun " But what if they had n’t been present ? " Congressman Mike Bishop of Michigan , who was at the baseball field , told a reporter , " The only reason why any of us walked out of this thing , by the grace of God , one of the folks here had a weapon to fire back and give us a us to find cover . " " Maybe now the    rights Democrats will support everyone ’s right to carry a firearm for " Gottlieb said . " We are the   rights Democrats first line of defense when it comes to personal protection from crazed individuals . " Breitbart News spoke with SAF ’s Alan Gottlieb about the calls for more gun control that have already been made in reaction to the shooting . He responded SAF’s Alan Gottlieb " Democrats should ban their hate Democrats , not our guns Democrats   . " AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News Breitbart News of Bullets with AWR Hawkins , a Breitbart News podcast Breitbart News is also the AWR Hawkins analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : AWR Hawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart AWR Hawkins com . 
 