CHICAGO   —    The police here were questioning four people on Wednesday as video circulated online showing a white teenager tied up and beaten as a group of young    shouted antiwhite messages and insulted    Donald J. Trump . " It ’s sickening , " Superintendent Eddie Johnson of the Chicago Police Department said . " It makes you wonder , what would make individuals treat somebody like that ? " The police here said the victim was an     man from suburban Chicago who had " mental health challenges " and who had been reported missing . Officers spotted him an    man from suburban Chicago who had "mental health challenges" and who had been reported missing Tuesday in a violent neighborhood on Chicago Chicago West Side and recognized that he an    man from suburban Chicago who had "mental health challenges" and who had been reported missing in distress , the The police here . They sought The police here for him at an    man from suburban Chicago who had "mental health challenges" and who had been reported missing hospital and connected the beating to four people who were taken into custody later that day near where the bloodied an    man from suburban Chicago who had "mental health challenges" and who had been reported missing found . A roughly    video clip shared widely online appeared to show a Facebook livestream of the assault . A group can be seen taunting and physically assaulting a man amid cursing and laughing . Much of the video focuses on A roughly   video clip shared widely online as she rambles , at times one woman . The video begins with a A roughly   video clip shared widely online that woman before turning to the one woman who is seated in the corner of a room with his mouth covered . The woman laughs as two men cut one woman of the victim ’s shirt . One of the men yells epithets about Mr. Trump and two men people . " Later , a man cuts a patch of hair from the victim ’s head , appearing to draw blood the victim’s . Mr. Johnson said criminal charges against the suspects , two men and two women , could be announced on Thursday . Investigators said they were not yet sure of a motive , but could Investigators hate crime and kidnapping charges if the evidence warranted . The victim knew one of his attackers , the police said the victim’s had been taken from the victim’s suburbs to the city and held for some time before the beating was streamed online . " Images in the video put on display the brazenness of the offenders who assaulted the victim and then broadcast it for the entire world to see the victim’s Mr. Johnson said . The victim , whom the police did not name , was hospitalized for undisclosed injuries , but the police released by Wednesday evening and was speaking with investigators . The police said he was " traumatized " and initially had trouble communicating with the police The video Mr. Johnson spread online comes at a time of relentless violence in Chicago . the video post this week , Mr. Trump cited Chicago ’s 762 murders last year and suggested that the city should seek federal help if local Chicago control the violence continued to be ineffective . Chicago declined to speculate on whether the   ’s relentless violence in Chicago and the videotaped beating were connected . 
 