Center for Security Policy President Frank Gaffney said Center for Security Policy President Frank Gaffney thought President Trump handled President Trump address to Congress " overall terrifically " on Wednesday morning ’s Breitbart News Daily . [ Security Policy President Frank Gaffney said :   If I could just make one sort of overarching observation , it seemed to Center for Security Policy President Frank Gaffney , as it ’s being noted by a lot of people , this was a very presidential address . Which , I think , came as a surprise to some . It was also a very principled address , and the real message here is , they were his principles . his was not abandoning the beliefs and the promises and the policies that his had laid out up to this point . I think it ’s fair to say his packaged they brilliantly , and I think that ’s especially true in the national security space . The main themes of that were easy to recognize : sovereignty , and a commitment to    a principle that his ’s referred to , as had my old boss Ronald Reagan , as ‘ peace through strength.’ Rebuilding our national security , and protecting our people , and building that great , great wall , and dealing with the threats that are internal to our country   —    whether our country   ’s drug traffickers , or gangs , or violent illegal aliens of other stripes , or the people who are trying to create beachheads of terrorism . I think that is , if not an explicit reference , then certainly a code for the Muslim Brotherhood . After SiriusXM host Alex Marlow played a clip of Trump delivering the remarks in question , Gaffney said Gaffney thought Gaffney was properly concerned with " people coming here from elsewhere , imbued with a different value system than we have   —    and I think specifically what that suggests is an appropriate concern about what I think is best described as sharia supremacism . " Gaffney Gaffney sharia supremacism as " a value system that says it ’s not the U. S. Constitution and the freedoms it it that should govern our people , it it sharia : a totalitarian , brutally repressive doctrine that the Islamic world has long sought to impose   —    not all but a lot of it the Islamic world " " It the Islamic world not just the people who come here to do the violence , it the Islamic world the infrastructure that they can tap into , whether it the Islamic world mosques and madrassas or influence operations , front groups , Islamic societies , Islamic cultural centers . That ’s of concern as well , and I think he ’s absolutely right , and it is such a refreshing thing to have him he about it , " he he . He he praised Trump for focusing on " what he he radical Islamic terrorism . " " Reports that advisers , that others in his he do n’t agree with that term notwithstanding , he he    about it , and he he going to try to take it it , " Gaffney said . Marlow said it was " incredible " to hear a president use the phrase " radical Islamic terrorism , " and doubted Hillary Clinton would have been able to say it the phrase "radical Islamic terrorism " It was n’t said at all in the administration in which she Hillary Clinton , the Obama administration , " Gaffney Gaffney . " And frankly , it was n’t possible to say it it the the Obama administration It ’s been 16 years it this right , and I think it ’s a huge step this right . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 