James Rosen of Fox News reports that Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee will be presented with " smoking gun " evidence that " the Obama administration , in the Obama administration closing days , was using the cover of legitimate surveillance on foreign targets to spy on    Trump . " [ According to the source for James Rosen of Fox News ’s report , this evidence will come from the National Security Agency , which is supposed to produce documents for the House Intelligence Committee by Friday . It is expected to take a week or so for congressional investigators to assess these materials .   The NSA material is said to be even more compelling than the evidence that prompted committee chairman Devin Nunes ( ) to announce on Wednesday that " incidental " surveillance of the Trump transition team was conducted by the intelligence community . Rosen ’s report has a few more interesting developments in the aftermath of Nunes’ announcement : Because committee chairman Devin Nunes intelligence came from multiple sources during a span of several weeks , and he Rosen not shared the actual materials with his Rosen colleagues , he Rosen be the only member of the panel in a position to know whether the NSA has turned over some or all of the intelligence he Rosen citing . However , Fox News was told Intelligence Committee Ranking Member Rep. Adam Schiff ,   . had been briefed on the basic contents of the intelligence described by Nunes . CIA Director Mike Pompeo is also sympathetic to the effort to determine , with documentary evidence , the extent of any alleged Obama administration spying on the Trump team , sources said . Because so much criticism has been leveled at the media for basing reports hostile to the Trump Trump on anonymous sources of uncertain motivation , it should be duly noted that the Fox News report relies heavily upon a single source , without a single clue to this person ’s identity or position . It the Fox News report not clear if this individual is connected to the intelligence community , or to the House Intelligence Committee . The nature of the NSA ’s " smoking gun " information is also left to the reader ’s imagination . In fact , it ’s described as " potential smoking gun " information . It it also be noted that on Thursday , a spokesperson for Nunes said the chairman is waiting to see " all the documents he the chairman " from intelligence agencies before he the chairman knows for sure " what surveillance of the transition team or    Trump was conducted . Perhaps the material coming from the NSA will positively establish which , if any , Trump transition team members were caught up in the " incidental surveillance " Nunes Nunes on Wednesday . An unnamed intelligence official speculated to ABC News that surveillance on foreign officials might have caught them foreign officials talking about Trump Trump team members , as opposed to transition team members participating directly in the communications . " The the NSA the NSA to be the agency most likely to possess documentation resolving that question . 
 