After coming under fire from her fans and celebrity colleagues , RB and soul    Chrisette Michele is defending her decision to perform at an undisclosed event during Donald Trump ’s inauguration . [ " We ca n’t be present if we ’re silent , " Chrisette Michele wrote in an open letter her posted to Twitter Friday .   The    says her is willing to take the heat if it means her can " be a bridge " to bring people together . " I am willing to be a bridge . I do n’t mind These Stones , if These Stones allow me to be a voice for the voiceless , " the singer wrote . https :   .   | An Open Letter pic . twitter .    Michele January 19 , 2017 ,   Though Michele has worked with the likes of Jay Z , John Legend and will . I. am , the     star has faced backlash for agreeing to perform for Trump . Film director Spike Lee said he ’s no longer using Michele Film director Spike Lee song " Black Girl Michele in his new Netflix series after he learned Film director Spike Lee her inauguration event . Film director Spike Lee I Wuz Film director Spike Lee ’bout Using Chrisette ’s    BLACK GIRL MAGIC In My Netflix Series SHE ’S GOTTA HAVE IT   …     . NOT ANYMORE , " Lee wrote in an Instagram post .   Good Morning Folks . I Wuz Sorry To Read That " Sistuh Girl " Is Singin’ At DT ’s Inauguration ( And To Use His Fav   ) . I Wuz Thinkin’ ’bout Using Chrisette ’s    BLACK GIRL MAGIC In My Netflix Series SHE ’S GOTTA HAVE IT   …     . NOT ANYMORE . And Dat ’s Da Truth , Ruth . A photo posted by Spike Lee ( @officialspikelee ) on Jan 19 , 2017 at 4:10am PST ,   Questlove , drummer for The Roots , the longtime    band for The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon ,   tweeted on Wednesday that he would pay Michele not to perform   Trump ’s inauguration . I ’d pay Chrisette to NOT perform 😔   —    Questlove Gomez ( @questlove ) January 18 , 2017 ,   Michele joins a growing lineup of inaugural Michele many of them , including Toby Keith , and a growing lineup of inaugural performers band Three Doors Down , are expected to perform Friday for the " Make America Great Again ! Welcome Celebration . " Soul singer and civil rights activist Sam Moore , who also recently defended his decision to perform at the inauguration , is also expected to tale the stage on Friday .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Friday @jeromeehudson 
 