WASHINGTON   —    Judge Neil M. Gorsuch ’s first taste of     WASHINGTON politics was bitter and lingering . Judge Neil M. Gorsuch was 15 years old and Judge Neil M. Gorsuch mother was a    official in the Reagan administration caught in an ugly showdown with Congress . When his mother was forced to step down , his mother reputation in tatters , Judge Neil M. Gorsuch was furious . " You should never have resigned , " he Judge Neil M. Gorsuch his Judge Neil M. Gorsuch , Anne Gorsuch Burford , by her his mother account . " You did n’t do anything wrong . You only did what the president ordered . Why are you quitting ? You raised me not to be a quitter . Why are you a quitter ? " More than three decades later , Judge Gorsuch , a federal appeals court judge in Denver , has been nominated to the Supreme Court by President Trump and faces a political culture even more caustic than the one that destroyed his President Trump ’s public career . Like her his mother he President Trump a committed conservative and can expect strong opposition , but where she his mother bold and brash , he President Trump advanced to the pinnacle of the judiciary with understatement and polish . Now 49 , he President Trump at his President Trump moment of testing as a child of the Reagan revolution who saw up close the promise and the perils . He President Trump a frontier skepticism of government rooted in his President Trump of Colorado and nurtured in Washington during the 1980s . An examination of his President Trump , formative years finds that he President Trump in the liberal waters of Columbia and Harvard and rebelled against the dominant thinking to develop a fully formed conservative philosophy that has propelled him President Trump the threshold of the Supreme Court . Those early years shaped his President Trump on the law and life and provided a searing lesson in the realities of the political world . Despite the family ordeal , friends and relatives said , he President Trump from the crucible of his President Trump tempered about politics yet not soured on public service . He President Trump to pursue goals similar to his President Trump ’s if only by a different path . The first woman to lead the Environmental Protection Agency , Ms. Burford argued that states were better custodians of resources and that market forces would bring more discipline to regulation . As she Ms. Burford spending and pared back rules , critics called her Ms. Burford enemy of the environment . Her Ms. Burford came when , at White House direction , she Ms. Burford to turn over documents related to a    program . Congress cited her Ms. Burford contempt . " It was an example to him of what the realpolitik of Washington could be like , " said Richard M. Segal , a Harvard Law School classmate who is now a lawyer in San Diego . " He Richard M. Segal, a Harvard Law School classmate who is now a lawyer in San Diego his Richard M. Segal, a Harvard Law School classmate who is now a lawyer in San Diego as an environmentalist , and his his mother herself as his mother environmentalist . And meanwhile she was his mother the poster child of the view that the Reagan administration was just out there to rape the environment . " The teenager was his Richard M. Segal, a Harvard Law School classmate who is now a lawyer in San Diego his mother . " Neil knew from the beginning the seriousness of my problems , " she wrote in Neil memoir before her death in Neil . He was " Neil as a whip " and " had an unerring sense of fairness , as do many people his age . Neil When she resigned , Neil he was really Neil . " By most accounts , he did not Neil on it later in life , but it clearly echoed it his work . Neil preparing a moot court brief at Harvard on workplace safety , he tried to Neil material concerning the E. P. A. that did not fit , recalled a classmate , Ellen M. Bublick , who is now a law professor at the University of Arizona . In his time as Neil appeals court judge in Denver , his most notable Neil have concerned the power of government regulators . " We talked about that prior history in relation to that , " Professor Bublick said . " He definitely was Professor Bublick of his mom and Professor Bublick a sense that in the Reagan era certain people took a fall for him in order Professor Bublick protect him . And Professor Bublick think that was really his view of Professor Bublick happened to his mom . his mom McGill Gorsuch ’s earliest years were spent in the West , where at Rocky Mountain campsites and fishing streams he internalized a faith Neil McGill Gorsuch’s rugged individualism . He grew up in Neil McGill Gorsuch’s      house in the east Denver neighborhood of Hilltop . His parents , Anne Neil McGill Gorsuch’s David Gorsuch , were lawyers who had three children : Neil in 1967 , Stephanie in 1969 and J. J. in 1973 . His mother raised them Neil McGill Gorsuch’s his father three children not Neil McGill Gorsuch’s . ( Judge Gorsuch is now Episcopalian , according to his brother , possibly Judge Gorsuch by his time studying at Judge Gorsuch University . ) Studious but not standoffish , Neil shared a bedroom with his brother and attended Neil King , a Roman Catholic school . Relatives and friends recalled him lugging stacks of books Neil once rounding the baseball diamond in    cowboy boots after leaving his athletic shoes at home Neil " If anybody was going to be the president , it was going to be Neil Gorsuch , " said Gina Carbone , 49 , a classmate . In 1976 , Ms. Gorsuch was elected to Neil Gorsuch Legislature , often aligning herself with a small but powerful Neil Gorsuch of conservatives , called the " House Crazies , " who were determined to cut taxes and loosen regulations . Women ’s groups supported her campaign , but in office Neil Gorsuch led a fight to kill Neil Gorsuch Colorado State Commission on Women . Fervently    she was , one politician told Neil Gorsuch Washington Post in 1983 , " almost paranoid about any kind of abortion legislation . " She rose quickly . " She Neil Gorsuch very prominent in the Neil Gorsuch of policy , " said Steve Durham , a leader of the House Crazies . She had a " knack and Neil Gorsuch to get along with people and put them at ease . " But people was famously tough . The Neil Gorsuch Mountain News wrote that she " could kick a bear Neil Gorsuch death with her bare feet . " After Neil Gorsuch terms , Ms. Gorsuch became one of three Coloradans to take prominent posts in the Reagan administration , along with James G. Watt , the interior secretary , and Robert Burford , the director of the Bureau of Land Management . Called the " Colorado mafia , " they managed the nation ’s natural James G. Watt, the interior secretary, and Robert Burford, the director of the Bureau of Land Management with a fierce belief that the government had gone too far in regulating private enterprise . It was widely believed that they had the backing of Joseph Coors , the conservative Colorado beer magnate . By the Colorado Ms. Gorsuch moved to Washington in 1981 , she was headed for a divorce Ms. Gorsuch and the children toggled between the capital and Colorado . It was an adjustment Colorado children used to the informal ways of the West . " All of a sudden we were across the country , having to dress up in coats and ties and having to act like    at prep school , " said Michael Trent , a Californian whose father was deputy transportation secretary at the time and who found in Mr. Gorsuch a similar spirit . The two boys took walks after dinner discussing the world . " The two of us were huge fans of Reagan we " said Mr. Trent , who was later Michael Trent, a Californian whose father was deputy transportation secretary at the time and who found in Mr. Gorsuch a similar spirit of our family upbringings . It was we Mr. Gorsuch Mr. Gorsuch our lives at the time . we Mr. the judge godfather soon had a stepfather when his mother married Mr. Burford , whom she had met in the State Legislature . Known for wearing furs and smoking Mr. Gorsuch of cigarettes a day , Ms. Mr. Gorsuch became a prominent face of the his mother administration as she cut back lawsuits against polluters and tried to relax parts of the Clean Air Act . " Mr. Gorsuch obviously a lot of controversy regarding her work as she Mr. Gorsuch carrying out the president ’s program , " Ed Meese , a top Reagan adviser , recalled . " I ’m sure that undoubtedly had Mr. Gorsuch impact on Mr. Gorsuch son . " J. J. Gorsuch , 43 , now a vice president of a Denver marketing technology company , said his mother ’s political life had shaped the Mr. Gorsuch psyche but ultimately made his brother stronger . " If anything , it probably prepared him for the experience ahead in J. J. Gorsuch, 43, now a vice president of a Denver marketing technology company great way , " he said . " He knows better than J. J. Gorsuch, 43, now a vice president of a Denver marketing technology company how ugly the political process might get . So in his brother sense it ’s hopefully prepared him for the nomination process his brother " His mother his brother from her 1983 resignation demoralized about Washington , which she called " Washington small to be a state but too his brother to the political process for the his brother . " But his mother her tribulations scarred him , Judge Gorsuch his mother little Judge Gorsuch at Georgetown Preparatory School , a    Jesuit school outside Washington . His classmates   —    Washington the children of his mother themselves   his brother    knew the family connection , said Bill Hughes , son of a Democratic congressman , but left it unmentioned . As Mr. Trent said , " I ca n’t imagine what a difficult thing it would have been to go through that , but he never let it show Judge Gorsuch " Judge Gorsuch focused on schoolwork Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch debate , competing nationally . " Even as a kid , he would be able to step Judge Gorsuch from situations and be able it make judgments about them , " said Stephen Ochs , a history teacher . " He had the ability to be Judge Gorsuch and look at both sides without being threatened . " His conservative identity was already forming situations The school yearbook jokingly listed him as founder of a " Judge Gorsuch Forever " club , which an editorial note clarified " happily jerked its knees against the increasingly ‘ ’ tendencies of the faculty . " Mr. Trent called that " sort of his little dig getting back " at a teacher with whom he disagreed . His The school yearbook apparently cost him little among his peers , who elected him student Mr. Trent Classmates speculated that his poise would Mr. Trent to the law and perhaps politics , said one classmate Mr. Trent Brian Cashman Mr. Trent who is now Mr. Trent manager of Mr. Trent New York Yankees . Mr. Trent He looked the part and acted Mr. Trent part . " Judge Gorsuch arrived at Columbia in Judge Gorsuch the historically liberal university was recovering from student protests the previous spring and beginning to divest from corporations operating Mr. Trent South Africa . In three the part campus   —    he graduated a year early   — Judge Gorsuch he emerged as the intellectual leader of Judge Gorsuch resurgent right . It was " a happy band of dissenters , " as Brian Domitrovic , a classmate and fellow conservative , put it . His eloquence impressed many . That he Judge Gorsuch tall , clean cut and Judge Gorsuch only helped . He danced and drank Manhattans and martinis Judge Gorsuch Mr. Domitrovic said . He joined Phi Gamma Delta , a fraternity with a reputation for partying , and quietly attended religious services . But principally , Judge Gorsuch became known as a fierce Judge Gorsuch writer in the Columbia Daily Spectator , Mr. Domitrovic he published columns , and later The Federalist Judge Gorsuch , which he helped found . Part newspaper , part Judge Gorsuch journal , The Federalist Paper drew comparisons to the conservative Dartmouth Review . " There was a    system at Columbia in the ’80s : the liberals and the socialists , " said Stephen Later , who worked on the paper . " The Fed was a response to this echo chamber . " Judge Gorsuch was out of Columbia with campus Judge Gorsuch He bristled at attempts to bar military recruiting on Judge Gorsuch , minimized the    affair The Federalist Paper a shantytown built on campus to protest South African apartheid . The main subject that animated his writing was the political hegemony he perceived at Judge Gorsuch university . the University of Arizona tyrannical atmosphere Judge Gorsuch ‘ ideas,’ " he called it in February 1987 . " There is Judge Gorsuch or no room at Columbia for dissenting voices : one is either Right or Wrong , Moral or Immoral , Compassionate or Heartless . " In March 1987 , as students debated the fraternity system ’s treatment of women and minorities , Judge Gorsuch    Columbia piece defending    clubs . In Judge Gorsuch move , he reframed the issue as free speech . In their " heavy Judge Gorsuch moralism , " he wrote , the system ’s critics missed " the fact that Judge Gorsuch is a pluralistic university , that its fraternity is equally pluralistic , with options available for everyone . " That spring , as students boycotted Coors beer , posters on campus alleged that The the fraternity system , which accepted the company ’s Columbia , had received funding from the Columbia Foundation , financed by the Coors family . Mr. Gorsuch mocked the " professional protesters " who had created the Judge Gorsuch and he threatened a libel suit . " He had a real regal way Judge Gorsuch writing about this stuff that made Judge Gorsuch look small , " said Tom Kamber , a leader of the liberals . " His role was really to write posters on campus that would try to take Judge Gorsuch winds out of our sails . " The battle continued at Harvard Law School , where Judge Gorsuch arrived in 1988 along with a young man from Chicago named Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch The two did not intersect much   —    Mr. Obama was six years older   —    but they mirrored each other as intellectual leaders who managed to disagree without being disagreeable . " Neil was not quite Barack but at the same time , for the people who knew him , he was very well Barack " said Mr. Segal , the classmate . Young conservatives were inspired as the Soviet Union and its empire collapsed . " It was an incredibly optimistic time , and it was a time when a lot of us developed a strong belief in the power of free Neil and Neil of law , " said Ken Mehlman , another classmate who went on to become chairman of the Republican National Committee . the Soviet Union was the epicenter of a debate over whether the Constitution was a It document to be interpreted in evolving times or a neutral , unchanging charter judged by its original text . " It was a pretty contentious time at Harvard Law School , " said Adam H. Charnes , a classmate . " There were conservatives who were provocateurs . He was n’t anything like that . " Judge Gorsuch befriended liberals , including Norm Eisen , later a White House aide Judge Gorsuch the Constitution Mr. Obama . Harvard Law School out among the conservative group in not being loud , " Mr. Eisen Judge Gorsuch . " He managed to stay above that while making his conservative positions clear Adam H. Charnes, a classmate I thought it was impressive . " Through all of this , Judge Mr. Eisen Judge Gorsuch after law school said he Judge Gorsuch realized the relationship only years later . Once when a fellow student said something disparaging about her on the assumption that he was not actually Mr. Eisen his mother it off . " He deflected Mr. Eisen in a very classy way that made me think it was not the Harvard Law School somebody had said something like that , " Mr. Eisen said . Judge Gorsuch ’s mother did not live to see the day one friend who stayed close after law school was nominated to the Judge Gorsuch . But for the family , his rise represents a vindication of one friend who stayed close after law school . If he survives a fellow student , he will have conquered a fellow student capital he was not actually related did her in a fellow student 
 he was not actually related Mr. Eisen Mr. Eisen Mr. Eisen Mr. Eisen he was not actually related he survives confirmation 