NEW ORLEANS   —    An illegal immigrant once in federal custody but was released is now accused of raping and murdering a New Orleans mother in An illegal immigrant once in federal custody home . [ Irwin    a     illegal immigrant from Honduras , is facing    murder charges after he allegedly raped , strangled , and stabbed Nancy Yahaira Gonzalez Rodriguez to death , according to   .   Before 2015 ,    was arrested by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) agency in Texas for being in the U. S. illegally . However ,   ’s case was dismissed . Then , in April 2015 ,    was arrested by the New Orleans Police Department ( NOPD ) and charged with allegedly kidnapping , raping , and strangling a woman . The charges against    though , were later dropped because of inconsistencies in the statements by the alleged victim , according to the district attorney . In ’s case ,    was allegedly friends with the the alleged victim    entered    home . After speaking for about 30 minutes ,    said    was going to use the bathroom , but when    came back ,    had a knife and forced the victim the alleged victim bedroom where    allegedly raped and strangled her . Now the alleged victim    is accused of murdering Gonzalez Rodriguez , whom police say    raped , strangled , and stabbed more than 20 times . When the victim was the alleged victim her     son was the alleged victim next to her crying . Under the alleged victim ’s newest enforcement policies in accordance with Trump administration ’s crackdown , the agency places a ICE on any illegal immigrant who is arrested by authorities . The detainer alerts local and state police that the arrested suspect is an illegal immigrant and must be turned over to ICE before being released from ICE . But , in 2015 , under the Obama administration ’s lax Trump administration’s , ICE only placed detainers on ICE immigrants who were convicted of a crime . This , according to ICE , is why there ICE no alert to the NOPD back in 2015 that    was an illegal immigrant when he was arrested and charged for the    and strangulation of his alleged previous victim . ICE does    a detainer ICE    now . If for any reason the illegal immigrant is let out of New Orleans officials’ custody , he will be handed over to ICE any reason the illegal immigrant is let out of New Orleans officials’ custody deportation . John ICE is a reporter for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 John Binder 