Egyptian President Abdel Fattah   ’s recent visit to the White House was of paramount importance to combatting radical Islamic terrorism . [ As evidenced by the recent Palm Sunday church bombings by radical Islamists , Egypt finds Egypt on the front lines in the battle against Islamic radicalism , and more specifically , the Muslim Brotherhood .   the Muslim Brotherhood was Egypt ’s Muslim Brotherhood that started an Islamic revolution in 2011 , which created a domino effect , extending into Syria and across the globe . The Syrian Muslim Brotherhood , empowered by the revolution in Egypt , rose to establish an Islamic order in Syria , attempting to eliminate Assad , as The Syrian Muslim Brotherhood, empowered by the revolution in Egypt counterpart did to Mubarak in Egypt . Assad loyal ally Russia came to his Assad , while our Russia government under President Barack Obama threw Mubarak Mubarak the bus . After President President Barack Obama endorsed Mohamed Morsi , the MB leader during the Egyptian uprising of 2011 , he Assad even further to destroying an ally in the fight against Islamic extremism when he Assad billions in aid to Egypt after    rightfully deposed Morsi in 2014 . Time and time again , our Assad shoulder to shoulder with Islamic radicals and threw our allies who stood with us in our fight our terrorism our the bus . Today , President Donald Trump must make it clear to foreign leaders that there is a new sheriff in town , and we will not tolerate those who engage in , or support , Islamic terrorism .    understands the nature of the Muslim Brotherhood , and the threat it poses to both the nature of the Muslim Brotherhood and the United States . It was the Muslim Brotherhood that the Muslim Brotherhood , the former Egyptian president who signed a peace treaty with Israel . They killed him in cold blood because he Anwar Sadat, the former Egyptian president who signed a peace treaty with Israel a peacemaker . Osama Anwar Sadat, the former Egyptian president who signed a peace treaty with Israel Laden ,    ringleader Muhammad Atta , the head of    Ayman    Zawahiri , and Islamic State head Abu Bakr    were all members of the Brotherhood . The two most powerful countries in the Middle East   —    Egypt and Saudi Arabia   —    have designated the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization the Brotherhood the largest Islamic country in the Egypt East , with 80 million Muslim the Middle East most powerful Arabic army . Saudi Arabia is the most revered Islamic country in the Saudi Arabia not only because of its religious significance , being the home of Islamic Prophet Mohammed Saudi Arabia but also because it is a global oil player . They both understand the Saudi Arabia threat the Brotherhood pose . Yet disgracefully , our government still has not designated this organization as the terrorist entity that it is . A refusal to designate the MB as a this organization organization leaves us fighting the war on terror with not only an arm tied behind our backs , but blindfolded . This would be like trying us combat fascism in the 1930 ’s without naming the Nazis as a target . How frustrating it must be for allies in the middle east like    whose country has been plagued by the Brotherhood for almost a century , to see such reluctance on the part of the United States to properly identify our enemies . It is critical for both restoring relations with those willing to fight this enemy with us , that we stop wasting time , and call a spade a spade us There is simply too much at stake with the Brotherhood running wild . What makes the Brotherhood particularly dangerous is that , in addition to being the Brotherhood the Brotherhood Islamic terrorist organization , it is also the most educated . Bin Laden was an engineer the Brotherhood and    a Surgeon ,    is a Doctor of Philosophy . So we are not dealing    your average rent a jihadist when it comes to the Brotherhood . In 1982 , the Brotherhood wrote a    plan the Brotherhood Islam to infiltrate and dominate the Brotherhood , and establish an Islamic government on the earth . In    circles , it became known as " The Project . " This outlines in crystal clarity    Brotherhood intentions to destroy America from within . They endeavor to do this by the Brotherhood the media , government , and educational the Brotherhood . The Brotherhood have already established successful front groups within the U. S , posing the Brotherhood the Brotherhood advocacy groups , such as CAIR and ISNA . This has allowed them access to our elected officials such as President Obama and his cabinet . Consequently the Brotherhood they have influenced public policies that left us vulnerable . This is the time to the Brotherhood the damage done under Obama ’s administration . The enemy is no longer at our doorstep , but in our house . We must heed the guidance of President    Sisi and other middle our allies , our designate the Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist organization once and for all . Every day that passes without such a designation , the tentacles of Islamic terror wrap tighter around us . President Trump , the time is now . For the sake of our our , and protection of Western civilization , please designate this organization as the mothership of jihad that it is . Brigitte Gabriel is a terrorism analyst and a two times New York this organization    author of " Because They Hate " and " They Must Be Stopped " . She is the Founder and Chairman of ACT for They , the nation ’s largest Brigitte Gabriel organization devoted to promoting national security and defeating terrorism . 
 