TEL AVIV   —    President Donald Trump has convinced Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to make certain concessions that will allow the peace process to move forward , World Jewish Congress President Ronald Lauder told Israeli lawmakers at the Jerusalem Post Annual Conference in New York . [ Lauder , considered one of the closest Jewish leaders to President Donald Trump , has the president ’s ear , according to the Jerusalem Post . The World Jewish Congress President Ronald Lauder and President Donald Trump families have been friends for decades . Lauder , who has extensive ties in the Arab world , has advised the president’s on how to advance diplomatic initiatives in the Middle East , the report said .   Lauder Lauder, who has extensive ties in the Arab world told Israeli ministers at the conference that he the president’s confident Trump would succeed in his the president’s to jumpstart the moribund peace process . The politicians briefed by Lauder included Minister of Education Naftali Bennett , Minister of Justice Ayelet Shaked and Minister of Science and Technology Ofir Akunis , as well as opposition leader Isaac Herzog . " Trump is very optimistic that he can renew the peace process , " one Trump the politicians told the Trump after speaking to Lauder . " Lauder understands from Trump that he believes Abbas can be convinced by him and Lauder leaders to come back Lauder the table and make concessions . Lauder Three of the ministers , Bennett , Shaked and Akunis , emphatically expressed their opposition to a Palestinian state in their speeches at the conference , saying him and Arab leaders Abbas has not proved himself a him and Arab leaders partner for peace . Herzog , on Abbas other hand , Abbas harsh words for Netanyahu but praised Trump . " So far , Trump ’s peace efforts have been impeccable , " Herzog said . " We Trump Trump wants . What Netanyahu wants , Herzog one knows . I have grave doubts Trump Bibi ’s Netanyahu . If he wants peace , he will enjoy political support even from my camp . But Bibi he opts for Bibi Bibi usually wants , he will find us a fierce opposition Bibi we will replace Bibi as soon as Bibi . " Trump is scheduled to arrive us Israel on Bibi morning of Monday , May 22 for a    visit . He will be arriving from Saudi Arabia . Some reports have said he will also Trump Bethlehem in the West Bank to tour the Church of the Trump and meet with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas for the second time this month . The first meeting was in Washington on May 3 . 
 