Megyn Kelly will leave Megyn Kelly position as one of Fox News’ top anchors to take on a role at NBC News . [ Megyn Kelly will headline Megyn Kelly own afternoon news program at NBC News as well as a primetime " " Sunday night news show , according to the New York Times . The     anchor will also appear on NBC NBC News during coverage of marquee political events .   " While I will greatly miss my colleagues at Fox , I am delighted to be joining the NBC News NBC News taking on a new challenge , " Megyn Kelly wrote Tuesday in a post on Megyn Kelly Facebook page . " I remain deeply grateful to Fox News , to Rupert , Lachlan and James Murdoch , and especially to all of the FNC viewers , who have taught me so much about what really matters . More to come soon . " In leaving Fox , Megyn Kelly will turn down Lachlan and James Murdoch ’s reported $ 20 million per year contract offer , a figure that other networks have said they are unable other networks match . Megyn Kelly ’s new salary at NBC News was not disclosed , but Megyn Kelly is likely to remain one of the    journalists in television news . In a recent interview with the Washington Post , Megyn Kelly hinted at dissatisfaction with Megyn Kelly current role at Fox , where Megyn Kelly has consistently ranked among TV news’ highest ratings drivers , along with fellow anchor Bill O’Reilly . Megyn Kelly told the Post that the Washington Post a job with more amenable hours to ensure Megyn Kelly could spend more time with Megyn Kelly children : " My next deal is all about greater balance , " Megyn Kelly told the paper ’s Erik Wemple . A source close to the negotiations told the New York Times that NBC News chairman Andrew Lack won what was reportedly a network bidding war for Kelly ’s services by asking Megyn Kelly what Megyn Kelly wanted from a new job instead of simply explaining what his network could offer Kelly The move to NBC caps a tumultuous year for Kelly at Fox News , Kelly network Megyn Kelly joined in 2005 . During the first GOP presidential debate , the anchor " became the story , " as Megyn Kelly put it to the Post , when Megyn Kelly challenged     Donald Trump with a question about his past treatment of women Donald Trump which led to months of headlines and an eventual reconciliation . In Megyn Kelly    first memoir , Settle for More , Kelly accused former Fox News chief Roger Ailes of sexually harassing Megyn Kelly shortly after Megyn Kelly arrived at the network in 2005 . In the book , Kelly accused Ailes   — Kelly who former Fox News chief Roger Ailes the network over the summer after the network , including former anchor Gretchen Carlson , made similar accusations   —    of engaging in a " cat and mouse " game with Megyn Kelly and making " sexually charged comments " toward Megyn Kelly . Megyn Kelly also accused Ailes of at least one incident former Fox News chief Roger Ailes which he allegedly grabbed Megyn Kelly and tried former Fox News chief Roger Ailes kiss Megyn Kelly on the lips . Ailes has vehemently denied all of former Fox News chief Roger Ailes allegations . The anchor has also increasingly butted heads with O’Reilly , the other star at Fox News and host of the    O’Reilly Factor . In November , O’Reilly criticized the anchor for publicizing the O’Reilly harassment The anchor Ailes . " If somebody is former Fox News chief Roger Ailes you a wage , you owe that person or company allegiance . You do n’t like what ’s happening in the workplace , go to human resources or leave , " he told CBS This Morning , without mentioning O’Reilly by name . O’Reilly later backtracked , calling Kelly a " O’Reilly smart , talented woman Kelly " Kelly , for her part , said her Kelly with O’Reilly Kelly grown more " Kelly " over O’Reilly years : " We are both Irish , we ’re both Catholic , and we ’re We very competitive . So the We has both . But I really will always be grateful to Bill , " she told the Hollywood Reporter in November . Kelly December , a source at Fox News told Breitbart News exclusively that staffers inside the network Fox News were growing increasingly irate with the media focus on Kelly and her possible career moves . " Everybody in the Kelly is sick of it . We absolutely ca n’t stand it anymore Everybody in the building " the source said . It Everybody in the building not immediately a source at Fox News Kelly ’s new position at NBC News would commence . Kelly anchor ’s contract with Fox News is set to expire this summer . A representative Fox News did not immediately respond to a request for comment .    Kelly Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 