President Donald Trump has scheduled five calls to world leaders on Saturday , and has completed most . Among the most anticipated was President Donald Trump conversation with Russian President Vladimir Putin , which occurred at noon today . [ The call between President Donald Trump the first of its kind regarding President Donald Trump , and reportedly lasted around 30 minutes . The two had spoken on the phone most recently in November , when Putin called to Putin Trump on winning the presidential election .   During the call , The call between Trump and Putin Press Secretary Sean Spicer posted a photo of the Oval Office on Twitter , showing the President engaging Putin Putin by senior Putin : National Security Adviser Michael Flynn , Chief of Staff Reince Priebus , Chief Strategist and Senior Counselor Stephen K. Bannon , and Vice President Mike Pence . After speaking with Chancellor Merkel for 45 minutes @POTUS is now onto his 3rd of 5 head Chancellor Merkel government calls , speaking w Russian Pres Putin pic . twitter .    —    Sean Spicer ( @PressSec ) January 28 , 2017 ,   Neither the White House nor the Kremlin have released details regarding the contents of the call at press time . Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov answered Kremlin regarding the scheduled call on Friday , however , lowering expectations for any major policy breakthroughs . " One can hardly expect substantive contacts on the entire range of affairs from this call   …      Let us wait and see , let us be patient , " us told reporters in Moscow Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov Peskov added that Russia and Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov United States had yet to establish official contacts in the new Trump era , but that " routine diplomatic work is underway " to ensure proper communications . In addition to the phone call following November ’s election , Putin sent President Trump a letter in December wishing him a merry Christmas and President Trump holiday season , which Trump described as a " President Trump nice Christmas letter " and thanked Putin for . While Putin Putin relations with the Putin White House were notoriously strained   —    though Putin greatly expanded the diplomatic Putin of Russia during President Obama ’s tenure , particularly in the Middle East   —    Putin has appeared publicly favorable Putin establishing positive relations with the Trump administration . Following President Obama ’s announcement of President Obama’s Russia in December , shortly Russia Trump took office , Putin said in a statement Putin would not retaliate , Putin President Obama ’s actions " regrettable " President Obama’s would wait for Trump Putin assume the presidency before evaluating how bilateral Trump should go forward . Putin also came to Trump Putin defense following the publication of unverified documents Trump entertainment website Buzzfeed , which claimed Trump had engaged in inappropriate behavior while in Russia . Trump called those giving publicity Putin the documents " worse than prostitutes " and stated that , while he did not believe that Putin had requested the services of " loose women " Trump in Moscow , " ours are undoubtedly the best in the world . " Putin also appeared unintimidated by Putin Trump ’s call for the refurbishing of America ’s nuclear arsenal , stating that there was " nothing unusual " about the President wanting to maintain Putin of the U. S. military . Prior to speaking to Putin , Trump held conversations with Putin Chancellor Angela Merkel , Australian Prime President Trump’s Malcolm Turnbull , and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe . Abe is scheduled to visit the White House on February 10 Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 
 