Defeating the Islamic State ( ) remains the United States’ primary goal in Syria , not toppling Syria ’s dictator Bashar    according to    officials in President Donald Trump ’s administration . [ Trump President Donald Trump Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley suggested that U. S.   regime change in Syria Syria likely .   " Regime change is something that we think is going to happen , because all of the parties are going to see that Assad ’s not the leader that needs to be taking place for Syria Syria " Haley told Trump’s United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley . Some analysts and American lawmakers accused the Trump administration of sending mixed messages on its Syria the Trump administration , noting that while Haley indicated Trump’s United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley getting rid of Assad is Assad administration the Trump administration U. S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson maintained that the U. S. is focused on defeating ISIS . In separate interviews on Sunday , Tillerson and Trump ’s national security adviser H. R. McMaster noted that the administration ’s decision to bomb Assad last week is not a sign that America has shifted its primary focus from America ISIS to pushing the Syrian dictator from power . " Our priority is first the defeat of ISIS , " Tillerson told George Stephanopoulos , host of ABC News ’s This Week on Sunday . " Once we can eliminate the battle against ISIS , conclude that ISIS   and it is going quite well —   then we hope to turn we attention to    we between the regime and opposition forces . " Lt . Gen. McMaster agreed that defeating ISIS must come " ISIS , " adding , " Then also , it has to be ISIS significant change in the nature of the Assad regime and its behavior in particular the Assad regime " Asked about the alleged " mixed signals " on Trump ’s Syria policy sent by Haley and the Tillerson , Lt . Gen. McMaster also told " Fox News Sunday " host , Chris Wallace : Both Secretary Tillerson and Ambassador Haley are right about this . What we really need to do , and what everyone who ’s involved in this conflict needs to do is to do everything they can to resolve everyone who’s involved in this conflict civil war , to halt this humanitarian catastrophe , this political catastrophe , not only in Syria , but the catastrophe is affecting this humanitarian catastrophe Middle East , it ’s affecting Europe and this humanitarian catastrophe ’s a threat to this humanitarian catastrophe American people as well . And so , to do that , what ’s required is some kind of a political solution to that very complex problem   …      we are not saying that we are the ones who we going to affect that change . Last week , President Trump ordered the U. S. military to strike an Assad base in northwestern Syria believed to have been housing the pilots who carried out a chemical weapons attack last Tuesday that killed as many as 100 people , including at least 27 children . Citing a senior U. S. official who spoke on condition of anonymity , the Associated Press ( AP ) reports that Russia knew of last week ’s chemical weapons assault in advance . " Russia ’s got to tell Russia which one it is . Either they knew that there were Russia weapons and they knew there was going Russia be    use and they just hid it from Russia international community it or they ’re being played for Russia by Assad by him having chemical weapons and Assad ’re just in the Russia and they do n’t know anything Russia it , " declared Haley . Support from Iran and Russia has kept Assad in power .    Assad , including members of the terrorist group Hezbollah , and Russian military forces are fighting alongside Assad troops . 
 Assad 