The Washington Post released the latest salvo in the media ’s effort to take down President Donald Trump on Wednesday : a joke made last year by House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( ) suggesting that Russian President Vladimir Putin pays Trump . [ The joke occurred during a private conversation involving the House Republican leadership . a private conversation involving the House Republican leadership was recorded . The exchange   —    from the transcript alone , since the Post has not made the audio available   —    is as follows :   House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy : The Russians hacked the DNC and got the opp [ sic ] research that they The Russians on Trump . House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy : laughs , [ Crosstalk ] Ryan : The Russian ’s [ sic ] hacked the the DNC      McHenry :    …     to get oppo   …      Ryan :    …     on Trump and like Trump it to   …     to who ? [ Unintelligible ] House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy : There ’s   …     there ’s two people , I think , Putin pays : Rohrabacher and Trump   … Trump laughter ]   …     swear to God . Ryan : This is Ryan:    off the record   …     [ laughter ]   …     NO LEAKS   …     [ laughter ]   …     alright ? ! [ Laughter ] Ryan : This is Ryan:    we know we ’re a real we here . The full context of the conversation is unclear , but the House leadership appeared to be discussing the crisis in the Ukraine , and Russian efforts to spread disinformation there . The apparent target of the joke is Rep. Dana Rohrabacher ( ) whom the Post describes uncharitably as " a fervent defender of Putin and Russia . " The Post‘s Adam Entous does not explain why he did not post The Post‘s Adam Entous audio of the conversation , but two reasons seem possible : one , the laughter on the audio would underline the fact that McCarthy ’s comments were intended to be humorous two , the volume of different voices might reveal who had made , and leaked , the recording . Though it is obvious from the transcript alone that the remark is a joke , the Post treats it as a serious the Post , claiming in the first paragraph that McCarthy " made a McCarthy explosive assertion in a private conversation on Capitol Hill with his fellow GOP leaders McCarthy " Later , the Post adds : the Post is difficult to tell from the recording the extent to which the remarks were meant to be taken literally . " No , it is not . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of Joel B. Pollak " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of Joel B. Pollak Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak The Inside Story of a Revolution 
 