Breitbart Senior editor MILO appeared alongside Breitbart Senior editor MILO tour security coordinator Tej Gill on Breitbart News Daily hosted by Breitbart Editor in Chief Alex Marlow today to discuss the riots at UC Berkeley and the inaction of Berkeley Police Department . [ " Let ’s heat up Tej ’s mic , " said Chief Alex Marlow introducing Gill , " We ’ve got Tej Gill here in the studio who ’s been running security for MILO ’s tour , which is easier said than done . He Alex Marlow introducing Gill, "We’ve got Tej Gill here in the studio who’s been running security for MILO’s tour, which is easier a Navy SEAL , you ’ve heard him Alex Marlow introducing Gill, "We’ve got Tej Gill here in the studio who’s been running security for MILO’s tour, which is easier the show a few times talking about various issues with Steve Bannon back in the day . Tej I wanna get your thoughts on all this and what kind of environment does this create for someone like you who makes his living in security , when you ’ve got your client being called all of these horrific names , saying he his literally orchestrating a hoax so his his followers get harassed and attacked , get bloodied , get beaten at his his events . "   Tej replied , " it creates a dangerous environment . The only thing that this guy [ Berkeley Professor Robert Reich ] said that ’s correct is that these guys were not students , the guys in the black , they these guys anarchists from out of town . They these guys the same people that shut down UC Davis , they these guys the same people that created chaos at University of Washington in Seattle . " " And the inauguration , they these guys the same garb , " interjected Marlow , " Exactly , they these guys like ISIS when they these guys in . They these guys organised , well funded , I would n’t go as far to say well equipped but I was standing up top with the police when these these guys in and we ’re getting reports that anarchist are 4 blocks away , 3 blocks away , 2 blocks away , they ’ve these guys bats , they ’ve these guys weapons . They actually these guys shields with them , these guys other one had a shield that was about 3 foot by 6 foot covered in back trash bags , I do n’t know what it was a shield that was about 3 foot by 6 foot covered in back trash bags out of . But they walked these guys the campus , single file like a military unit , cut straight through the crowd about one row of people back behind the barriers and the surrounded the building . " " At that time I thought they were these guys na lock arms , " Tej continued , " that ’s a tactic they used these guys University of Washington , Seattle , they did these guys exact same thing they just these guys straight through the crowd and they locked these guys . But they did these guys do that , that ’s when they started these guys fireworks , throwing eggs and that ’s when they started these guys apart the barriers and they tipped these guys that light stand that had a diesel generator in it , a diesel generator ’s what caused the fire and lit the tree on fire . And the police effectively did nothing , nothing while we were there . " " I think the fact that there were no arrests , " said Marlow , " at the violent protests at UC Berkeley that shut down speech , that prevented your event from going forward and really broke the heart of a lot of fans as well , lets not underestimate that as well , people are entitled to have performers that they enjoy people go see them , people was a very unfortunate upsetting event and no on got arrested which to me sends a signal that this can go on over and over and it just this gon na embolden the left and Tej as a security expert what are your thoughts on that ? " " It just fuels the fire , " replied Tej , Tej the no arrest thing , hands off policy , every time they do this and they do they successfully this no arrest , no trouble , there ’s no consequences and if there ’s no consequences why stop ? Each time they ’re they na get stronger and stronger . " " So how do we deal with this ? What is the recourse that we have we order to try to start stemming this really rising movement of totalitarianism from the left ? " asked Marlow . " It ’s simple , enforce the law . That ’s it . the law enforce the law the law we go to the conservative campuses the police departments there are amazing , the shows go off without a hitch , they ’re orderly the police departments they give the the police departments room to protest and they give the the police departments supporters the protesters room then they keep everybody the police departments . Liberal campuses have effectively emasculated the police forces there . They ’ve totally been politicised , Liberal campuses do n’t let them do Liberal campuses job , they Liberal campuses have Liberal campuses hands off Liberal campuses no arrests policy , one of the guys at Berkeley told me this . " said Tej , " A no arrest policy ? It is a policy that they ca n’t arrest anyone ? Liberal campuses is this only for the left , if this was a right wing event this course there would be arrests " replied Marlow , " yes , of course " confirmed Tej , " Imagine if the politics had been reversed last night , if it had been Trump supporters causing the politics fuss outside a Lena Dunham speech , " said MILO , " would there be a single front page that was n’t holding it today , would CNN be covering anything else ? And it ’s interesting that you mention about the difference between the conservative and liberal campuses , well you ’ve hit upon something there and it ’s that it does n’t it to be this way and it ’s this way because of it . And if I had n’t been on the frontline of this stuff I ’d consider myself a conspiracy theorist but I can tell you from the way that we have observed , my tour manager and my security teams , have observed local police departments , elected officials and university administrators effectively colluding to sabotage these events . Deciding on policing strategies that almost guarantee the events will not proceed or these events will happen outside , these people are responsible for the violence these events outside UW Seattle , these people are responsible for the cancellation of these events , these people are responsible for what happened most spectacularly these events a technical sense , in Berkeley . " MILO continued , " Because what they ’re doing is insisting that the police follow procedures these events almost guarantee there will be violence and guarantee the event will not proceed , that is direct violation of their first amendment commitment . " Breitbart News Daily airs these events SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6AM to 9AM Eastern . Listen to the full episode below ,  
 