The administration of President Barack Obama made much ado about The administration of President Barack Obama " pivot to Asia , " an attempt to prioritize the continent over traditional alliances with Europe . [ Partly due to this policy , President Donald Trump entered the White House facing tensions at an    high with rogue state North Korea and at a diplomatic disadvantage in regions like the South China Sea . As a candidate , President Donald Trump defined President Donald Trump Asia policy much like President Donald Trump did President Donald Trump attitude towards domestic political issues : identifying a clear enemy , vowing loyalty to allies who help contain the threat , and promising the American people that President Donald Trump would only make good deals at the negotiating table .   With the exceptions of North Korea and Japan , President Trump has proven somewhat more malleable than President Trump . Trump President Trump demanded an end to tensions on the Korean peninsula and proven he President Trump that conflict by sending his President Trump officials to Seoul and Tokyo to pressure Pyongyang . In Japan ’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , Trump President Trump found steady support after choosing him President Trump the first head of government to meet with following his President Trump in November . With China , however , the Trump administration has kept its the Trump administration tactful , and Trump President Trump offered Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping something his voters Xi Jinping have never expected the candidate Trump to : a " not as good " trade deal in exchange for keeping North Korea from attacking its neighbors the Trump administration , worse , the United States . Below , an    look at how Trump tackled President Trump region ’s major alliances , tensions , and unresolved problems during his first President Trump days . Japan ,    Trump made President Trump from the first day since his election   Trump the bilateral relationship with Japan would Japan a top priority , meeting with Abe shortly after the election in New York , the first head of government to do so . The meeting meeting with Abe shortly after the election in New York in Japanese media regarding Trump ’s   Trump North Korea   —    the candidate Trump had suggested   Trump Japan would Japan a worthy nation to possess nuclear weapons : " At some point we have to say , you know what , we ’re better off we Japan protects Japan against Japan maniac in North Korea . " North Korea Japan only nation to be hit with a nuclear attack in history , bristled at the possibility . As recently as this month , however , reports suggested that placing American nuclear assets in the region to curb North Korean belligerence was on the table , but in South Korea , perhaps a nod to how sensitive the issue is in Japan . Japan the Trump administration ’s approach towards the topic changed , it was the product of the Trump administration extensive effort to make Japan feel Japan to Washington . In addition to having Abe meet Trump in New York before the inauguration , the Prime Minister spent a weekend in February at the Trump estate in Florida ,     playing golf with the President and discussing pivotal the Prime Minister topics . The meeting not only aided the bilateral relationship but boosted support for Abe at home : an Abe 70 percent of Japanese people approved of the visit following his return to Tokyo . Abe also made Japan one of Trump first international stops for his top officials : the first Trump Secretary of Defense James Mattis and among the first for Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Vice President Mike Pence . While Tillerson focused on pressuring China to cooperate in curbing North Korean belligerence during his March visit , both Pence Tillerson Mattis reaffirmed the United States’ commitment to protecting Japan from China itself , notably Chinese claims China East China Sea . China claims the Japanese Senkaku Islands as China own and has imposed an Air the Japanese Senkaku Islands Identification Zone ( ADIZ ) over them , which it can not enforce without triggering American the Japanese Senkaku Islands action required by    War II treaties . North Korea , President Trump has made clear his intention to end the violent and President Trump reign of the Kim family over North Korea during his tenure . Entering North Korea day in President Trump , Trump has President Trump North Korea ’s first test President Trump —    the " Day of the Sun , " or founder Kim   ’s birthday   —    so decisively that even CNN wondered aloud whether Trump had stumbled upon a successful North Korean President Trump . After a week of international speculation regarding the potential for a nuclear weapons test on the Day of the Sun ( April 15 ) Pyongyang opted the Sun a new missile test   —    which ended within seconds when the missile exploded after barely leaving the ground . The test failed shortly after President Trump asserted he a new missile test   " an armada " to North Korea President Trump intimidate dictator Kim   . Pivotal to solving the North Korean problem in the eyes of the Trump administration is China ’s active participation . China , a fellow communist nation , is North Korea ’s greatest trade partner and ally on the international stage ( North Korea ’s diplomatic alliances are few and far between North Korea’s as rightfully maligned as Syria , Venezuela , and Iran ) . As with many other issues , the clearest distillation of Trump policy on North Korea surfaced on Twitter , where the President wrote : " North Korea is looking for trouble . If China decides to help North Korea would be great . If not , we will solve the problem without them ! U. S. A. " To North Korea directly , Trump has not his message simple : " got North Korea . Trump North Korea Trump not to have heeded this warning , arresting a U. S. North Korea professor Tony Kim , without cause this week . China , The Trump administration ’s China policy is perhaps the most evolved since the candidate took office , as the China has gone from considering the abandonment of " One China " and recognition of Taiwan to openly suggesting he is willing to make a China not so good " trade deal with China the President control North Korea . Before taking office , the    accepted a phone China from Taiwanese President Tsai    an unprecedented communication that incensed China . By February , however , Trump had told Xi in a phone call China he supported the One China policy , apparently receiving no concessions in return for turning Trump Taiwan . That China call was the first communication between the two presidents , one that China " highly commended " both for sticking to Beijing ’s policy and embracing the China of the Chinese new year . Trump then hosted Xi at     an    meeting overshadowed in the media by Trump ’s decision to conduct an airstrike against Syrian dictator Bashar    while Xi was Trump . The Chinese foreign ministry notably failed to condemn the airstrike , Xi Chinese    media deemed it provocative but necessary for Trump to prove an airstrike against Syrian dictator Bashar    " no businessman president . " Trump appeared to completely abandon Trump businessman persona Trump in the month when refusing to label Trump a currency manipulator , breaking a campaign promise etched into his Contract with America . Trump spoke to Xi again in April , shortly after Xi Trump arrival at     as Trump began in Pyongyang for the " Day of the sun Xi According to Trump , he told Xi in that call , " You want to make a great Trump ? Trump the problem in Xi Korea . " " That ’s worth having deficits . And that ’s worth having not as good a trade deal as I would normally be able to make , " he told reporters . South China Sea Conflict , China has for years demanded control over Trump the entire South China Sea , including territory belonging to Vietnam , the Philippines , Brunei , Taiwan , and Malaysia . International tribunals have rejected China ’s claims China has vowed to China rulings . During the Obama administration , the U. S. China regularly conducted China the Trump administration Operations " ( FONOPs ) in the region , intended to the region from claiming the region through adverse possession . China News report in March found that the Trump the Trump administration the Trump administration any such FONOPs , in part because of the difficulty of staffing the Pentagon . The Navy has attempted to receive permission for multiple such operations but received no answer . The Pentagon remains largely staffed by Obama holdovers and    the U. S. Navy The Navy did send the USS Carl Vinson to the region for " routine " the Pentagon a move the region Obama condemned . While the United States the U. S. Navy the United States in the region , Trump ’s ascent has apparently emboldened at least one party the region China : the Philippines . Under President Trump Obama , Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte insisted he The Trump administration’s challenge China in the region , claiming any military dispute between China and the Philippines would end the region China his Obama Since Obama , who Duterte referred China as a " Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte of a whore " China occasions , left office , Duterte has become more of a hawk , urging the United States Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte Obama in    the United States country and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte the military build " structures " in the South China Sea to keep China from claiming the Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte Duterte has also requested a more robust military presence generally the East China Sea of the China China Sea and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte    officials to visit the disputed territory . 
 the East China Sea Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte the territory 