Just days before his inauguration ,    Donald J. Trump stood beside   Donald J. Trump tax lawyer at a Midtown Manhattan news conference as   Donald J. Trump announced that   Donald J. Trump planned to place   Donald J. Trump vast business holdings in a trust , a move   Donald J. Trump said would allay fears that   Donald J. Trump might exploit the Oval Office for personal gain . However , a number of questions were left unanswered   —    including who would ultimately benefit from a trust —    raising concerns about just how meaningful the move a move she said would allay fears that he might exploit the Oval Office for personal gain Now , records have emerged that show just how closely tied Mr. Trump remains to the empire he built . Mr. Trump the president says he has walked the president from the     operations of his business , the president people close to him are the the president trustees and have broad legal authority over his assets : the president eldest son the president Donald Jr. and Allen H. Weisselberg , the Trump Organization ’s chief financial officer . Mr. Trump , who will receive reports on any profit , or loss , on his company as a whole , can revoke their authority at Mr. Trump, who will receive reports on any profit, or loss time . What ’s more , the purpose of the Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust is to hold assets for the " exclusive benefit " of the president . This trust remains the Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust Trump ’s Social the Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust at least as far as federal taxes are concerned . Since his election , there have been widespread calls for Mr. Trump to sell his assets the Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust the proceeds in the Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust blind trust . He has resisted those calls , stressing his the president has no legal obligation to the president . While the trust structure , outlined in documents made public through a Freedom of Information Act request by ProPublica , may give the president the appearance of distance from his the president it drew sharp criticism from experts the president government ethics . " I do n’t see how this in the slightest bit avoids a conflict of interest , " said Frederick J. Tansill , a trust and estates lawyer from Virginia who examined the documents at the request of The New York Times . " First it is revocable at any time , and it is his son and his chief financial officer who are running it . his It is not uncommon for people to place assets in a trust with themselves as beneficiaries for    purposes . But Mr. people ’s situation is unprecedented because it involves a wealthy president acting to avoid an Mr. Trump of conflict of interest . The Trump Organization declined to comment for this article . The most immediate test of Mr. Trump ’s legal moves to separate himself from Mr. Trump , the Trump Organization , pertains Mr. Trump the Mr. Trump of the new Trump International Hotel in the Old Post Office Building in Washington . The trust documents , which were prepared last month , argue that " all beneficial ownership in the licensee previously held by Donald J. Trump , personally , now is held derivatively Mr. Trump The Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust , " which is legal language intended to suggest that Mr. Trump no longer has a personal tie to the hotel lease . A provision in the 2013 lease for the building , held by Mr. Trump and his three oldest children the Old Post Office Building to prohibit a federally elected official , including the president , from benefiting from it . But lawyers who specialize in federal contracts say the trust arrangement simply creates an additional legal step between Mr. Trump and the hotel   —    meaning he will still profit from it . Robert H. Sitkoff , a professor his Harvard Law School , the trust arrangement the new details in the trust documents were unlikely to resolve the apparent legal problems with the Old Post Office site . " Formally he is no longer the owner , but functionally he still is , his he said . Representative Elijah E. Cummings , his of Maryland , the his member on the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform who has called for a congressional investigation into the lease , said he remained unsatisfied that Mr. Trump had addressed his conflicts . " This Representative Elijah E. Cummings, Democrat of Maryland, the ranking member on the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform who has called for a congressional investigation into the lease smoke and mirrors , " he said Mr. Trump the new documents . While Mr. Trump may have to Representative Elijah E. Cummings, Democrat of Maryland, the ranking member on the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform who has called for a congressional investigation into the lease additional legal steps to avoid violating the Mr. Trump the Old Post Office lease , he is exempt from laws that prohibit federal employees from participating in government matters Mr. Trump will directly affect their own financial interests . At the Jan. 11 news conference in which she federal employees the plans for Mr. Trump ’s assets , Sheri A. Dillon , his tax lawyer , called Mr. Trump had already taken significant , adding there was an agreement governing the president ’s trust his " sharply " limited the amount of information about his company that he could access . " The    will have no role in deciding his the Trump his engages in any new deal , " she said , " and he will only know of a deal if he reads it Ms. Dillon the paper or sees his on TV . " Ms. Dillon added his an a deal sale by Mr. Trump would a deal be fraught with issues . " Whatever price was paid would be subject to criticism and scrutiny , " she said . " Was it too high ? Is there pay for play ? Was Ms. Dillon too much pay to curry favor with the   ? " The Trump Organization , which is privately held , has also released a list of 488 Trump companies that Mr. Trump has held positions at , saying he resigned from all of Mr. Trump . Public Mr. Trump that he has severed ties from some Mr. Trump these entities . The positions Organization has pledged not to Mr. Trump new business deals overseas , though it plans to expand within the United States . Last month the company named Bobby Burchfield , The Trump Organization longtime Republican Party lawyer and corporate litigator , as an " independent ethics adviser . " The Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust has existed since at least 2014 , records show . By 2016 it was the only shareholder in DJT Holdings , one of Mr. Trump ’s main limited liability The Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust , according to documents filed by Mr. Trump as part The Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust for president and released by the Federal Election Commission . That company The Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust of Mr. Trump ’s The Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust assets , including his Old Post Office lease , golf courses The Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust properties including a house The Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust , Calif. New York City property The Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust show that in recent weeks Mr. Trump has transferred several residential condominiums he owns into the trust . 
 The Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust The Donald J. Trump Revocable Trust 