On Friday afternoon , Egyptian warplanes attacked militant camps in eastern Libya to retaliate for the slaughter of 28 Coptic Christians by masked gunmen . [ " The officials said Egyptian warplanes targeted the headquarters of the Shura Council in the city of Darna , where local militias are known to be linked to    not the Islamic State group , " ABC News reports .   No formal claim of responsibility for the bus attack has been made yet , but it is widely the bus attack to be the bloody handiwork of the Islamic State ’s Egyptian franchise . The BBC cites Egyptian media reports Egyptian six strikes hit the town of Derna in Libya . Deutsche Welle cites Egyptian military sources Egyptian said they believed the terrorists who carried out the bus attack were trained at these Libyan camps . " Egypt will not hesitate at all to strike terrorist camps anywhere , " Egyptian President Abdel Fattah    said in a televised address . " I say again , any camps being currently used to train terrorists , Egypt will strike Egypt This message is clear . " Sisi referred to the Islamic State in his speech , Sisi the name " Daesh . " He said their " Egyptian President Abdel Fattah    " depends on driving a wedge between Muslims and Christians . " He appealed directly " Egyptian President Abdel Fattah    U. S. President Donald Trump for assistance , saying " I trust you , your word and your ability to make fighting global terror your primary task . " Within minutes of Sisi ’s address , President Trump released U. S. President Donald Trump : Terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization , and it is up to all who value life to confront and defeat this evil . This merciless slaughter of Christians in Egypt tears at our hearts and grieves our souls . Wherever our blood is spilled , a wound is inflicted upon humanity . But this attack also steels our resolve to bring our together for the righteous purpose of crushing the evil organizations of terror , and exposing their depraved , twisted the evil organizations of terror and thuggish ideology . America also makes clear our its friends , allies our and partners that the treasured and historic Christian Communities of the Middle East must be defended and protected . The bloodletting of Christians must end , and all who aid their killers must be The bloodletting of Christians . America stands with President our Sisi and all the Egyptian people today , and always , as we fight to defeat our common enemy . Civilization is at a precipice —   and whether we climb or fall will be decided by our ability to join we to protect all faiths , all religions , and all innocent life . No matter what , America will do what our must to protect our people . 
 our 