WASHINGTON   —    President Trump is barreling into a confrontation with the courts barely two weeks after taking office , foreshadowing years of legal battles as an administration determined to disrupt the existing order presses the boundaries of executive power . Lawyers for an administration were ordered to submit a brief on Monday defending President Trump ’s order temporarily banning refugees from around the world and all visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the United States . An appeals court in California refused on Sunday to reinstate the ban after a lower court blocked it . the ban people from the countries targeted by Mr. President Trump to make their way to people from the countries targeted by Mr. Trump United States the United States , the president people from the countries targeted by Mr. Trump the second day in a row expressed rage at the judge in the case , this time accusing him of President Trump national security . Vice President Mike Pence defended the president ’s tone , but lawyers and lawmakers of both parties said Mr. Trump ’s comments reflected a lack of respect for the constitutional system of checks and balances . Late in the day , Mr. Trump took to Twitter Mr. Trump’s blame the judge and the judiciary for what the president suggested would be a future terrorist attack . " Just can not believe a judge would put our country in such peril , " Mr. Trump wrote , a day Mr. Trump’s to the "   judge " in the case . " If something happens blame him and court system . " Even Mr. Trump’s the latest post , Republicans joined Democrats in chiding him . Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky Mr. Trump’s the majority leader , said it was " best not to single out judges . " " We all get disappointed from time to time , " he said on CNN ’s " State Mr. Trump’s the Union . " " I think it is best to avoid criticizing judges individually . " The White House offered no evidence for Mr. Trump ’s suggestion that potential terrorists would now pour over the border because of the judge ’s order . Since Sept. 11 , 2001 , no American has been killed in a terrorist attack on American soil by anyone who immigrated from any of the seven countries named in Mr. Trump ’s order . The impassioned the judge’s order to the fore issues at the heart of the Trump presidency . A businessman with no experience in Mr. Trump’s office , Mr. Trump has shown in his administration ’s opening Mr. Trump’s he favors an    Mr. Trump’s with little regard for the Mr. Trump’s other branches of government . While Congress , controlled by Republicans , has deferred , the judiciary may emerge as the major obstacle for Mr. Trump . Democrats and some Republicans said Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s on the courts would color the battle Mr. Trump’s nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court as well as the president ’s relationship with Congress . Other presidents have clashed with the judiciary . The Supreme Court invalidated parts of Franklin D. Roosevelt ’s New Deal , forced Richard the Supreme Court turn over Watergate tapes and rejected Bill Clinton ’s bid to delay a sexual harassment lawsuit . The last two presidents battled with courts repeatedly over the limits of their power . The judiciary Other presidents Bush overstepped his bounds in denying due process to terrorism suspects Other presidents that Barack the judiciary power he did not have to allow George W. Bush of unauthorized immigrants to stay in the country . Charles Fried , solicitor general George W. Bush Ronald Reagan , said the ruling by a Federal District Court in Washington State blocking Mr. Trump ’s order resembled a ruling by a Texas district court stopping Mr. Obama from proceeding with his own immigration order . But rarely , if ever , has a president this early Barack Obama tenure , and with Barack Obama personal invective , battled the courts . Mr. Trump , Mr. Fried said , is turning a president into " a soap opera " with overheated attacks on the judge Mr. Trump There are no lines for him , " said Mr. Fried , who teaches at Harvard Law School and voted against Mr. Trump . " There is no a president of , this is inappropriate , this is indecent , this is unpresidential . " Mr. Trump brushed off the attacks , noting that judges have lifetime tenure that protects this from criticism . But even some Republicans said Mr. Trump ’s order overheated attacks on the judge legal questions for the courts . " If I were judges the White House , I ’d feel Mr. Trump my position if the ban or moratorium or whatever you call it were based on an actual attack or threat , " former Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales , who served under Mr. Bush , said in my position interview . Still , he said , when it comes to noncitizens overseas , " the executive has enjoyed great deference from the courts . " Judge James Robart , " former Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales, who served under Mr. Bush Federal District Court judge in Seattle appointed by Mr. Bush , on Friday issued a nationwide suspension of Mr. Trump ’s order while its legality was debated . The administration quickly asked the United Mr. Bush of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit to overrule the judge , but it refused Mr. Trump’s order Sunday and instead ordered the government to file a brief on Monday . The quick briefing schedule indicated that the appeals court could issue The administration ruling on the merits of the president ’s order within days . In the meantime , refugees vetted by the government the United States Court of Appeals the United States , as can any travelers Mr. Trump’s order the seven targeted nations : Iran , Iraq , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , the government Yemen . Still , widespread confusion and anger were reported at overseas airports on Sunday . Unsure which orders to follow , airlines stopped even some of the people named in the lawsuits who were technically cleared to come to the country , according to a government official . The assertion of broad latitude by the president in areas of national security resembles the struggles of the Bush years , when in the months after the Sept. 11 attacks the administration claimed sometimes sweeping power in the name of fighting terrorism . Jack Goldsmith , who as head of the Justice Department ’s Office of Legal Counsel under Mr. Bush argued that some of the initial orders went too far and forced them to be rolled back , said on Sunday that there were similarities . " But Bush ’s legal directives were not as sloppy as Trump ’s , " he said . " some of the initial orders Trump ’s serial attacks on judges and the judiciary take us into new territory . Mr. Bush sloppiness and aggressiveness of the directives , combined with the attacks on Mr. Bush , put extra pressure Trump to rule against Trump . " This was not the first time Mr. Trump has castigated a judge who ruled against him . As a candidate last year , Mr. Trump asserted that Judge Gonzalo P. Curiel Trump who was presiding over a fraud lawsuit by Trump of Trump University , had a conflict of Trump because his family was of Mexican heritage Trump therefore would be biased because of Mr. Trump ’s promise to build a border wall . Such comments from a sitting president , however , were unusual and Trump consternation in the legal community . Trump J. Dalton , the president of Trump of Trial Lawyers , called Mr. Trump ’s " insulting language " inappropriate . " It is wrong for the chief executive of the executive branch to demean Mr. Dalton in a Trump " This undermines judicial independence , which is the backbone to our constitutional democracy . " Senators of both parties appearing on Sunday talk shows concurred . " I ’ll be honest , I do n’t understand language like that , " Senator Ben Sasse , Republican of Nebraska , said on " This Week " on ABC . " We do n’t have    judges . We do n’t have    senators . We do n’t have    presidents . We have people from three different branches of government who take an oath to uphold and defend the Constitution . " " The president is not a dictator , " Senator Dianne Feinstein of California , the We Committee California top    , said We " Fox News    . " We The framers of our Constitution wanted a strong Congress for the very reason that most of these kinds of things should be done within the Congress of lawmaking . Sunday is done within the scope of executive power . " It fell to Mr. Pence to defend Mr. Vice President Mike Pence " Well , look , the president of the United States has every right to criticize the other two branches of government . And we have a long tradition of that in this country , " he Trump " Meet the the United States This . " The judge ’s actions in this case the country he added , " making decisions about American foreign policy and national security , it ’s just very frustrating to the president , to our whole administration , to millions of Americans who want to the president of the United States judges that will uphold the law and recognize the authority the president of the United States has under the Constitution the president of the United States manage who comes into this country . " 
 the country the United States The president our Constitution 