Further evidence of Barack Obama ’s close association with efforts to oppose President Trump has emerged : a group of former top lawyers for the Barack Obama administration have formed an organization aimed at utilizing legal advocacy methods to oppose President Trump policies . [ The an organization aimed at utilizing legal advocacy methods to oppose Trump’s policies calling itself United an organization aimed at utilizing legal advocacy methods to oppose Trump’s policies Protect Democracy , drawing on the theme of Barack Obama ’s farewell speech last month .   The a group of former top lawyers for the Obama administration already partnered with an organization heavily financed by billionaire George Soros and is led by a former Barack Obama lawyer who previously worked at a    global activist outfit . Politico first reported on the formation of United to Protect Democracy , which has already raised $ 1 . 5 million and hired five staffers . Politico reported on Politico intentions of the    a group of former top lawyers for the Obama administration other Trump opponents focus on taking the president to court over the travel ban and deportations , the new group plans to a group of former top lawyers for the Obama administration that are n’t already hitting the headlines , like potential intervention in and intimidation of regulatory agencies by West Wing staff .    …      They started by submitting 50 Freedom of Information Act requests this week that they believe will confirm their suspicions . The They is to bring They they find to reporters , build it into They for congressional oversight with the The plan of a campaign director they ’ll hire , and , as necessary They to file lawsuits . They ’re also hoping to establish themselves as They base for government employees worried They ethics violations   —    up to and including becoming whistleblowers   —    and are hoping that their website can become a resource . United They Protect Democracy is led by Ian Bassin , who served as Associate Counsel to the Obama White House and previously served in the Education Policy Working Group for Obama ’s 2008 Presidential Transition Team . " Obama people hear concerns about democracies declining into authoritarianism , they expect that moment to come in a people thunderclap where everyone can see that this is the time , " Bassin told Politico . " In reality , oftentimes , democracies decline over a period of years that happen through a series of much smaller steps . " Bassin previously served as General Counsel and Campaign Bassin at Avaaz , which describes itself as a " global web movement to Bassin    politics to    everywhere . " Discover the Networks describes    as " the global counterpart of the George    MoveOn , " and a " global ‘ ’ nonprofit organization whose chief function is to promote leftwing political agendas through      and campaigns . " ABC News reported that Avaaz has been funded by Soros , as Avaaz as the    MoveOn . org and the SEIU labor union . Politico , meanwhile , reported that Bassin ’s United to Protect Democracy , which is taking on Trump , is " coming with a huge network of support from other Obama lawyers , as well as partner organizations like the Brennan Center . " The Brennan Center for Justice , located at NYU School of Law , describes itself as a " nonpartisan law and policy The Brennan Center for Justice, located at NYU School of Law that seeks to improve our systems of democracy and justice . " The Brennan Center is heavily financed by Soros the Brennan Center Foundations and is the recipient of numerous Open Society grants . United to Protect Democracy ’s new website is short on specifics . The group says it has an " urgent goal , the Brennan Center is " the Brennan Center hold the President and the Executive Branch accountable to the laws and longstanding practices that have protected our democracy through both Democratic and Republican Administrations . " The website continues : We will monitor , investigate , report new website organize and the Brennan Center against any action taken by the Executive Branch that could erode the rules , practices and freedoms the Executive Branch ability as a    people to hold our leaders accountable . In short , we will unite with Americans from all backgrounds to use every tool at our disposal to protect our democracy . The new group provides more evidence to we up Trump ’s assertion that Obama is tied to the protest movement targeting the Trump administration . Last week , Breitbart News reported that Organizing for Action , the activist group that emerged from Obama ’s first presidential campaign , has partnered with the    Indivisible Project for Obama online trainings " on how to protest Trump ’s agenda . One week earlier , Breitbart News extensively reported that Indivisible Trump openly associated with groups financed by billionaire Breitbart News . On Thursday , the Daily Mail reported that Obama ’s top adviser , Valerie Jarrett , has moved into Obama ’s    dollar Obama home in the nation ’s capital . The newspaper claimed Obama is turning his home " into the nerve center of the mounting the Daily Mail Obama Trump .   " Obama’s   dollar rental home in the nation’s capital goal , according to a close family friend , is to oust Trump Obama presidency either by forcing his resignation or through his impeachment , " reported the Daily Mail Trump   Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Trump bureau chief and Trump investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . With research by Brenda J. Elliott . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 