The Senate will take up health care reform after a revised version of the American Health Care Act ( AHCA ) passed through the House last Thursday . [ Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) said Saturday that The Senate does not expect help from Democrats as it The Senate to repeal and replace Obamacare .   " We do n’t anticipate any Democratic help at all so that it will be a simple majority vote situation , " McConnell [Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) the Associated Press . Several senators expressed concern over the House decision to vote without a Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) score . Senator Roy Blunt ( ) a member of Senate leadership , said that the Senate wait for a new CBO CBO before preceding to a vote . Senate Republicans Senate plan to change the House version of the AHCA . Mick Mulvaney , head of the Office of Management and Budget , said , " The bill that passed out of the House is most likely not going to be the bill that is put in front of the president . " White House the House staff Reince Priebus spoke with a dozen members of a Senate working to make " improvements " to the bill The bill that passed out of the House to win at least 50 votes to pass through the Senate . Members a Senate working group include Sens . Mitch McConnell , Bob Portman ( ) John Corynyn ( ) John Thune ( ) Mike Enzi ( ) Orrin Hatch ( ) Lamar Alexander ( ) Tom Cotton ( ) Cory Gardner ( ) Ted Cruz ( ) John Barrasso ( ) and Pat Toomey ( ) . " Everyone is committed to getting this thing done and getting it done as soon as this thing . I do n’t think everyone is going to be beating down this group of 12 I think we ’re going to want to let them do their work , everyone Priebus everyone Fox News . The Senate working group does not feature two of the bill ’s biggest critics , Senators Susan Collins ( ) and Bill Cassidy ( ) . The two senators joined a The Senate working group Republicans studying potential health care solutions including Sens . Shelley Moore Capito ( ) Johnny Isakson ( ) and Mike Rounds ( ) . Senators Cassidy and Collins released a separate Obamacare Bill Cassidy ( ) bill , The Patient Freedom Act . The bill would repeal the individual and a separate Obamacare repeal bill for health insurance , retain protections for    conditions , and allow young adults to stay on their parents’ health plan until age 26 . young adults have three options under the    plan : Congressman Mark Meadows ( ) chairman of the House Freedom Caucus , told Breitbart News that he will work with Senate colleagues to push for a more conservative version . " I am having conversations with my colleagues in the Senate , " he explained , " Senate can push he even more conservative solutions because it was more difficult to push amendments procedurally in the House . " Senators Rand Paul ( ) Mike Lee ( ) Senator Paul repealing Obamacare and worked with the Freedom Caucus to push for an even more conservative Obamacare repeal bill . The Freedom Caucus endorsed Sen. Paul ’s plan Senator Paul Senator Paul ’s plan , The Obamacare Replacement Act : President Donald Trump recently tweeted that Republican Senators will not let the American the Freedom Caucus repealing his own conservative plan for repealing Obamacare will Senator Paul American people down ! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up   —    it was a lie and it is dead !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May Republican Senators 2017 , 
 Obamacare the American people it 