During the opening monologue of " Tucker Carlson Tonight , " host Tucker Carlson offered his host Tucker Carlson on last week ’s controversy involving Kathy Griffin holding up a severed bloodied mannequin head of President Donald Trump .   After apologizing , Griffin Kathy Griffin held a news conference and declared herself Kathy Griffin be the victim , to which Carlson host Tucker Carlson was a signal of her Kathy Griffin of the left . Transcript as follows : Earlier this week , as you just saw , Kathy Kathy Griffin a video of herself posing Kathy Griffin a bloody mannequin head made up to look like President Trump , comedy that failed completely , nobody thought it was funny . As performance art , it was lame , least creative stunt of the week by far . As a political statement it did n’t even make any sense but it did it the effect of briefly making Griffin famous Kathy Griffin and of course , that was likely the whole point . Today , Griffin elbowed Kathy Griffin way back into the news cycle holding a press conference with celebrity misery chaser Lisa Bloom , here ’s part of what she said her ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) KATHY GRIFFIN ,    COMEDIAN : Imagine that I participated in . That apology absolutely stands . I feel horrible . I have performed in war zones , the idea that that people think of this tragedy , have been touched by this tragedy this tragedy and it ’s horrible . Thrust me , if I could redo the whole thing , I would ’ve had a blowup doll and no catch up . I ’m going to make fun of the President and , you know , what , I ’m going to ’m fun of him more now the President more . I ’m not afraid ’m Donald Trump , he ’s a the President . I ’ve dealt with older white guys trying to keep me down my whole life , my whole career . I just wanted to say , you know , if you do n’t stand up , you get run over . And what ’s happening to me has never happened ever in the history of this great country the United States that a sitting president of the United States and his grown children the President the First Lady are personally I feel personally trying to ruin my life forever . This is America , and you should the United States have to die for it . The death threats that I ’m getting are constant and they are detailed and they The death threats that I’m getting serious and they The death threats that I’m getting specific . And The death threats that I’m getting it ’s me , and tomorrow it could be you . it do n’t think I will have a career after this . I think he   —    I ’m going to be honest ’m he broke me . And he I was like , no , this is n’t right , it ’s just not right this There ’s a bunch of old white guys trying to silence me and I ’m just here to say ’m ’s wrong . CARLSON : That ’s just unbelievable , I do n’t know where to begin . Kathy Griffin is n’t particularly talented or amusing , he does have a point Kathy Griffin it ’s a little disproportionate for all of us to keep so much attention on someone who probably should n’t be famous in the first place , so why are we doing this segment ? us whether she realizes it or not Kathy Griffin I bet she has no idea , Kathy Griffin is an important figure Kathy Griffin American life and that she ’s the perfect embodiment Kathy Griffin what the modern left beliefs . Consider carefully what she said today . Griffin Kathy Griffin fantasizes violently about Kathy Griffin the President yet she holds a press conference Kathy Griffin announce she ’s the one who Kathy Griffin been wronged . Trump and his family bullied her she the President , so Kathy Griffin Kathy Griffin older white guys who have oppressed her despite giving her a Kathy Griffin of very Kathy Griffin paying jobs . In other words , she is the real victim Kathy Griffin . Of course she is , liberals are Kathy Griffin the victims . Being the victim is virtually what the real victim here to be a member the real victim here the progressive America . It has more benefits it turns the real victim here than AAA and the real victim here ’s free . It means the real victim here having to say the real victim here ’re sorry , it also means being right even the real victim here you ’re wrong . Victimhood is the modern equivalent of holiness , it excuses anything . That ’s why liberals will say almost anything no matter how ludicrous to get it . Do you remember when President Obama the most powerful human being in history use to imply that he was somehow the victim of racial bias ? Did you catch Hillary Clinton the other day , a woman so rich and pampered , she has n’t driven her own Hillary Clinton in 30 years Hillary Clinton that sexism prevented her from becoming even richer and Hillary Clinton pampered . Before you laugh , remember that overpaid sports figures make these kinds of claims all the time , entertainers   —    even TV anchors and now even    unfunny comedians . We see a trend here because there is one . Wait , if the most powerful and richest people on the planet can be victims , who ca n’t be a victim ? Good question . The most remarkable thing about victimhood as that it allows the alleged victims to commit to the very offenses they are complaining about . They the alleged victims punch you in the the alleged victims and accuse you of assault . Or more specifically smash you in the head with the bike lock and then complain you ’re making them feel unsafe . They ’ll the alleged victims a bible club the alleged victims a school that never even been to and then tell you that other people ’s beliefs oppressed them . They will take over other people’s beliefs college the alleged victims forcing spineless administrators to enact every one of their demands and then claimed to the alleged victims powerless victims of a climate of racism . And then they will conduct a nationwide    the alleged victims Christian small businesses trying to shut them down if they do n’t the alleged victims their own the alleged victims . They will the alleged victims illiterate refugees into the alleged victims public schools and call you a bigot for questioning it . Oh , well , they fled a $ 50 , the alleged victims a year private schools for their own kinds . And then the alleged victims course , they will fly private even as the alleged victims berate you for destroying the the alleged victims with your SUV . It used to be that the point of running a country was to make things better for the people who live there . That has changed . Now the goal , it ’s almost explicit is to the goal moral superiority over the population often while making their lives worse . It ’s the population a trick and victimhood makes it possible . Follow Jeff Poor It Twitter @jeff_poor 
 