One has to read beyond the headlines about Steve Bannon and Steve Bannon role in the Trump administration to understand that Steve Bannon remains a senior adviser to the president with top security clearance and is welcome to attend any National Security Council meeting . [ In fact , Steve Bannon changing role in the Trump administration was planned , according to Steve Bannon .   " Susan Rice operationalized the NSC during the last administration , the Trump administration in a statement . " I was put on to ensure that it was   . " " General [ H. R. ] McMaster has returned the NSC to its proper function the NSC Steve Bannon said the NSC referring to Trump ’s National Security Adviser . Although the headlines about Steve Bannon used terms like " removed " and " booted " in stories about the new structure of the NSC , the facts are buried the NSC of the news coverage . Bloomberg , which was the first to report on the development , equated not having a " permanent seat " on the NSC as being removed , but later the NSC coverage explained Steve Bannon ’s changing role in the the NSC House : A White House official portrayed the change as a natural progression rather than a demotion for Steve Bannon . The official , who spoke on condition of anonymity , contended that Steve Bannon was placed on the committee in part to monitor Trump ’s first national security adviser , Michael Flynn , and never attended a meeting . Steve Bannon ’s no longer needed with McMaster in charge of the council , the official said . The New York Times used The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity " Trump Removes Steve Bannon From National Security Council Post , " but did report halfway through the story that this development was " a logical evolution " : A senior White House official presented the move as a logical evolution , not a setback for Mr. Steve Bannon He had originally been put on the principals committee to keep an A senior White House official on Mr. Flynn and to ‘ ’ the National Security Council after the Obama administration , this official said on condition of anonymity to discuss internal dynamics . A senior White House official said that process had been completed . Another official close to A senior White House official Steve Bannon move was not in any way a sign that the president had lost confidence in him or wanted Steve Bannon reduce his portfolio . Steve Bannon as evidence he will still Steve Bannon a role in national security decisions , the aide said that Mr. Bannon still Steve Bannon highest level of security clearance in the West Wing . The Washington Post used " removed " in its Bannon story headline , Steve Bannon explained early on that not having a " permanent seat The Washington Post on the council in no way diminishes Bannon ’s role in Steve Bannon White House   —    after reporting that critics have long said Bannon has no national security Steve Bannon and that some    national security personnel were left out of the NSC . According to the Post : The White House strongly disputed that characterization , saying that Trump chose to change the structure of the committee from the one in place during the Obama the Trump White House   to reduce the number of meetings in which senior intelligence officials were required to participate if they did not pertain to their areas of expertise . Instead , one of the officials said senior intelligence officials Bannon was put on senior intelligence officials council early in the administration to guide and senior intelligence officials over    security adviser Michael Flynn , who was tasked the Obama administration the operation . That official and a second official said Bannon did this from afar , attending one or two meetings of the group . " Bannon was there Bannon " " the NSC from its    setup , the official added , and he Bannon that has been accomplished with Flynn and his " " the NSC R. McMaster a second official longer feels the need a second official be part of the NSC . Bannon retains a second official title and position and remains a confidant of the president who is working closely with " " the NSC on Bannon and foreign policy . Fox News followed the media ’s lead but did add this fact to its reporting : " Bannon is still permitted to go to NSC meetings , " Fox reported . Online talk radio host Fox News Bannon joined the social media rant on the Bannon story " " the NSC tweeted this : Fox News My take on Bannon leaving the NSC . Rice weaponized the NSC Bannon Trump put Bannon in to fix that . He Bannon . Now , other " " the NSC fry . " My " " the NSC " " the NSC leaving the NSC .   Rice weaponized the NSC Trump   Trump put Bannon in to fix that Bannon   He did .   Now " " the NSC fish to fry Rice   " " the NSC " " the NSC Mitchell ( Trump ) April 5 , 2017 ,   The Trump that is posted in the Federal Register explains that " senior officials " can participate in NSC meetings . It says , " The security threats facing the United States in the 21st century transcend international boundaries . Accordingly , the United " " the NSC Government ’s The memorandum that is posted in the Federal Register structures and processes to address these challenges must remain equally adaptive and transformative .   Both Councils are statutory bodies the United States continue to chair .   Invitations to participate in specific Council meetings shall be extended to those heads of executive departments and agencies , and other senior officials , who are needed to address the issue or issues under consideration . When the President is absent from a meeting of either Council , the Vice President may preside at the President ’s direction . " 
 the President the President the President 