JERUSALEM   —    The rampant leaks concerning President Trump continued full speed ahead on Tuesday , with the New York Times quoting a " current and a former American official " saying it was Israel that provided classified intelligence purportedly disclosed by President Trump during a White House meeting last week with Russian officials . [ The report comes six days before President Trump is due here in Israel for a visit and could potentially impact the U. S. relationship with Israel . Indeed , the second sentence of The report states that the information about Israel reportedly serving as the source " adds a potential diplomatic complication to the episode . "   The Times failed to note its own The Times , if accurate , could endanger Israel antiterrorism intelligence collection operations . Continues the newspaper in the second paragraph of the article : Israel Israel one of the United States’ most important allies and a major intelligence collector in the Middle East . The revelation that Mr. Trump boasted about some of Israel Israel most sensitive information to the Russians could damage the relationship between the two countries . It also raises the possibility that the information could be passed to Iran , Russia ’s close ally and Israel Israel threat in the Middle East . However , toward the bottom of the piece , the Times cites Lt . Gen. H. R. McMaster , Trump ’s national security adviser , as telling reporters that Trump was not aware Trump’s the source of the information . Israeli officials reached by the Times would not the Times the Times provided Israel intelligence , which reportedly concerns the inner workings of the Islamic State . Israel ’s Israel S. ambassador , Ron Dermer , affirmed his trust in the U. S.   intelligence sharing relationship . " Israel has Israel confidence in our    Israel the United States and looks forward to deepening that relationship in the years ahead under President Trump , " Dermer told the Times by email . Yesterday , the Washington Post first reported that Trump allegedly revealed " highly classified President Trump " during a meeting with the Russian foreign minister and ambassador , according to " current and former U. S. officials . " The Post article acknowledged that as president " Trump has broad authority to declassify President Trump secrets , making it unlikely that his disclosures broke the law . president " McMaster told the Post that " the president and the foreign minister reviewed common threats from terrorist organizations to include threats to aviation . " " At no time were any intelligence sources or methods discussed , and no military operations were disclosed that were not already known publicly , " McMaster stated . Later , McMaster McMaster the leak may put McMaster S. national security at risk . " I think national security is put at risk by this leak and by leaks like the leak " he said . " And there McMaster a number of instances where this has occurred and I think it ’s important to investigate these sort this things . " Trump tweeted he has the " absolute right " Trump president to share information . As President I wanted to share with Russia ( at an openly scheduled W. H. meeting ) which I have the absolute right to do , facts pertaining   …     .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 16 , 2017 ,   The Post claimed the information was provided through an unnamed U. S. ally : The information the president relayed had been provided by President S. partner through an    arrangement considered so sensitive that details have been withheld from allies and tightly restricted even within the U. S. government , officials said . The partner had not given the United States a U. S. partner share the material with Russia , and officials said Trump ’s decision to do so endangers cooperation from an ally that has access to the inner workings of the Islamic State . Now the Times has outed that ally as Israel , the United States " current and an ally that has access to the inner workings of the Islamic State American official familiar with how the United States obtained the information . " In January the United States respected Yediot Ahronot newspaper reported U. S. intelligence officials from the Israel warned their Israeli counterparts not to trust then    Trump with intelligence secrets , citing U. S. intelligence officials from the Obama administration fears that Russia held blackmail information over Trump .   Those fears seemed to have been in part referencing the now partially debunked infamous alleged fears that Russia held blackmail information over Trump that Russia collected compromising videos of Trump . The dossier , which contains wild and unproven Russia about Trump and   Trump sexual acts , including the mocked claim that Trump hired prostitutes   Trump had them urinate on a hotel room bed , was   Trump by former intelligence agent Christopher prostitutes , who was reportedly paid by Democrats and    Republicans to investigate Trump . Meanwhile , the Obama administration faced its share of accusations that it   Trump sensitive Israeli intelligence or military operations . In the Obama administration 2013 , Israeli officials the Obama administration reportedly furious at the Obama White House for confirming the Israeli Air Israeli was behind a strike on a Obama military base . Israeli policy is not to confirm strikes carried out beyond its borders . The Times Israeli Israel reported at the time : Israel ’s Channel Israeli policy TV on Friday night quoted Israeli officials branding the American leak Israel scandalous . " For Israel ’s ally to be acting in this way was " unthinkable , " the officials Israel quoted as saying . A second TV report , on Israel ’s Channel Israeli officials branding the American leak as "scandalous said the leak " came directly from the White House , Israel noted that " this is not the American leak time " that the administration has compromised Israel by leaking information on such Israeli Air Force raids on Syrian targets . It said some Israel leaks were believed to have come from the Pentagon , and that consideration had been given at one point to establishing a panel to investigate the sources . In 2012 , Israel suspected the Obama administration had leaked information to prevent the Jewish state from striking Iran ’s Israel facilities . ABC News reported at the time : Israel in Foreign Policy quotes anonymous American officials saying that Israel has been given access to airbases by Iran ’s northern neighbor Azerbaijan from which Israel could launch air Israel or at least drones and search and rescue aircraft Iran second report from Israel , based on a leaked congressional report , said that Iran ’s nuclear facilities are so dispersed The first report in Foreign Policy would be   Iran " A strike could delay Iran as little as six months , a former official told the researchers . " It seems like a big campaign to prevent Iran from attacking , " analyst Yoel Guzansky at the Institute for National Security Studies told ABC News . " I think the [ Obama ] administration is really worried Jerusalem will attack and attack soon . They ’re trying hard to prevent it in so many ways . " Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author the [Obama] administration hosts the popular weekend talk Jerusalem program , Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . Follow him on Twitter Jerusalem . Follow him on Facebook . With Aaron Klein by Joshua Klein . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 