WEST PALM BEACH , Fla.   —    Black plastic covered the doors and windows in an ornate suite at one of President Trump ’s resorts on Saturday , as President Trump’s bonded with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan over a round of golf on a pristine day . The covering blocked American and Japanese journalists from capturing a glimpse of the leaders on the lush private course in Jupiter , Fla. But Mr. Trump ’s aides snapped their own picture of the friendly tableau , posting a photo of the men sharing a    with an American flag waving majestically in the distance , to the president ’s social media accounts for the president’s millions of followers to see . " Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States ! " Mr. Trump ’s post said . This , after all , was the point of inviting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States to his Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States resort in Palm Beach : a chance to have a    weekend hosting a foreign leader with whom he Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States said he Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States to develop a close relationship . It This Mr. Mr. Trump capitalize on some unscripted moments after an initial period in office marred by antagonistic exchanges with some foreign leaders . The news media blackout was nothing unusual in the annals of presidential free time . President Barack Obama routinely played golf out of sight of the press pool that traveled with him , President Barack Obama occasionally allowing a glimpse of him taking President Barack Obama swing or interacting with his partners President Barack Obama But it was the latest reminder that Mr. Trump ’s presidency is mixing his official Mr. Trump’s with the business that bears his name Mr. Trump’s Mr. Abe ’s visit was the first of what Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s aides say will be many in which he uses     Mr. Trump’s      and    castle on Florida ’s Gold Coast , as a setting for forging    relationships with important world leaders . That is likely to mean that the property   —    along with Trump golf courses Mr. Trump’s in Jupiter and West Palm Beach Mr. Trump the professional golfer Ernie Els   —    will draw increased attention and prominence , with all the potential for additional profit that brings .     has doubled its initiation rate for new members , to $ 200 , 000 . " the professional golfer Ernie Els   got to know each other very , very well " on the golf course , Mr. Trump told reporters Saturday evening as he stood beside Mr. Abe and their wives on the way to dinner at Mr. Trump . Nearby , a line of clubgoers in formal wear maneuvered Bentleys and    into the driveway as a full moon rose over the palm trees . The administration said that Mr. Trump was hosting Mr. Abe and his wife as a " gift " to the Japanese leader and has said Mr. Trump any profits earned from the stays of members of foreign governments at Trump properties during his presidency would be donated to the United States Treasury , to avoid the the Japanese leader that he was cashing in on his office . It may be a frequent arrangement the Japanese leader Mr. Trump , his the Japanese leader say , believes in getting to know foreign leaders with whom he Mr. Trump be spending time and taking their measure in informal settings outside Washington Mr. Trump " President Trump is a deal whom , and his coin of the realm is Mr. Trump and trying to convince people to negotiate Mr. Trump certain way in his favor , so this is what he does , " Kathryn Dunn Tenpas , Mr. Trump scholar at the Brookings Institution who Mr. Trump studied presidential travel , said . Mr. Trump is not the first president to make use of a personal retreat to Mr. Trump informal diplomacy . George W. Bush hosted foreign leaders at his ranch in Crawford , Texas , while Bill Clinton used Camp David , the official George W. Bush retreat near Thurmont , Md. as an informal backdrop for    diplomacy , including efforts to forge peace in the Middle East . But for Mr. Trump , his retreat is also a    club that benefits his family business , from which he Mr. Trump declined to divest . " It ’s just Mr. Trump more example of using public Mr. Trump for private gain , " Richard W. Painter , a White House counsel to Mr. Bush who is an expert on government ethics , said . " He ’s going to Trump this , Trump that   —    it ’s clearly designed Mr. Trump raise the value of the brand and send the message to foreign leaders that you ought to patronize Trump properties if you want to get in good with the president . " On Saturday Trump Mr. Trump appeared to have taken some steps to separate the personal from the political . Trump Trump and Mr. Abe shuttled from resort to resort in the armored presidential limousine known as the Beast , the flags that normally flutter on the front and the presidential seals that usually adorn the doors were absent , an indication that these were not official stops . There were other reminders that the visit was unfolding almost exclusively on Mr. Trump ’s own turf . At the Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter , journalists traveling with him were admonished not to take pictures or video . " It ’s a private club , Mr. Trump’s an aide explained . 
 