Bruce Springsteen blasts President Donald Trump as a " con man " and calls President Donald Trump administration " crooks " in a new protest song released this week . [ " That ’s What Makes Us Great " is a joint effort between The Boss and frequent collaborator Joe Grushecky and the Houserockers .   " Do n’t tell me a    And sell a    as a    I ’ve been down that road    And I ai n’t going back , " Springsteen sings on the track , which was released Wednesday morning on Joe Grushecky ’s website . " Do n’t you brag to    That you never read a    I never put my    In a con man and his crooks , " the song continues . Joe Grushecky   —    whose 1995 album American Babylon was produced by Springsteen   —    told the Pittsburgh    that Springsteen  —    ’d written the song before the Boss got involved . Springsteen Springsteen   sent his Springsteen  —    to the    musician over the Internet . " I had this the song and Bruce and I had been talking . I sent it to the song and Springsteen  —    liked Springsteen  —    , the song Grushecky told the paper . " I said , ‘ What do you think about singing on it?’ He gave Springsteen  —    the the paper treatment Bruce " Springsteen was vocal supporter of former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and a fierce critic of Trump during the 2016 campaign . In September , the     E Street Band leader called Trump a Trump moron " in an interview with Rolling Stone . " The republic is under siege by a moron , basically . The whole thing is tragic , " he said the    E Street Band leader " Without overstating it , The whole thing ’s The whole thing tragedy for our democracy . When you start talking about elections being rigged , you ’re pushing people beyond democratic governance . And it ’s The whole thing very , very dangerous thing to do . " On the eve of the election , Springsteen performed at a    campaign rally for Clinton in Philadelphia , where he predicted Springsteen and his campaign Springsteen " going down . " " Let ’s all do our part ’s all that we can ’s all back on 2016 and say , ‘ We stood ’s all Hillary Clinton Clinton right side of history,’ " he said Springsteen .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 