■ The White House press secretary , Sean Spicer , took aim on Monday afternoon at a New York Times story that described President Trump watching television in President Trump bathrobe . ■ Opposition to President Trump ’s travel restrictions on certain countries mounted , but the President Trump defiant and unbowed . ■ Mr. Trump President Trump Twitter early Monday and began challenging polls that showed his travel order President Trump not popular . ■ A bipartisan group of former National Security Council officials filed court documents opposing the ban . ■ The Justice Department corrected the record on how many people had their visas canceled how many people of the ban . the ban denounced The Times ’s account , published Sunday night , of the president ’s turbulent adjustment to life in the White House . In particular , he zeroed in on Mr. Spicer detail among a few paragraphs of the story that he insisted were wrong Mr. Spicer that the president has worn the president while alone in the White House residence . " That is literally the epitome of fake news , " Mr. Spicer told reporters traveling with Mr. Trump . " Start at the top . I do n’t think the president owns a bathrobe the president definitely does n’t wear one the president " The White House staff stocks the official residence with bathrobes . Within moments of Mr. Spicer ’s comment , reporters Mr. Spicer posted photos of a much younger Mr. Trump lounging in a bathrobe . Mr. Spicer added that the story was Mr. Spicer riddled with inaccuracies and lies that they owe the president an apology . " He went on , " Literally , blatant Mr. Spicer errors , and it ’s unacceptable to see that kind of reporting or    reporting . " The overall piece , which described Mr. Trump ’s first two weeks in office as he attempts a dramatic    of a Washington Mr. Trump he has never inhabited , was " not Mr. Trump accurate portrayal of what ’s really happening , " Mr. Spicer concluded . Mr. Trump appeared not to like the news Mr. Trump reading Monday morning . In one Twitter Mr. Trump , the president rejected reports of polls showing that a Mr. Trump Americans oppose his travel order . In another , he appeared to Mr. Trump out at suggestions that Stephen K. Mr. Trump , his chief strategist , holds the real power in the Mr. Trump Wing . A CNN poll released over the weekend said that 55 percent of Americans viewed Mr. Trump ’s travel order as an attempt to keep Muslims out of the country . The president also seemed angry about the     story line Mr. Trump’s was featured in a Time magazine article and in a " Saturday Night Live " skit showing Mr. Bannon as the Grim Reaper directing Mr. Trump ’s activities in the White House . On Twitter Mr. Trump’s Trump called the reports " fake news " that sought to Mr. Trump’s . If you missed Mr. Trump talking to Bill O’Reilly of Fox Mr. Trump’s during the Super Bowl Mr. Trump’s will have another chance tonight . Mr. Trump continued his screed against news coverage of him on Monday , training Mr. Trump’s at The Mr. Trump’s York Times in an apparent Mr. Trump’s to a portrait of Mr. Trump’s early stumbles published in Monday ’s editions . In a Twitter post , Mr. Mr. Trump’s appeared to characterize The Monday coverage , which was based on interviews Mr. Trump’s of his White House ’s The New York Times The New York Times others aware of the administration ’s inner workings Mr. Trump’s as " fiction " based on fabricated sources . Mr. Trump has long delighted in denigrating The Times and claiming , falsely , that its Mr. Trump’s him has led to declining readership . But in The New York Times at The Times in November , Mr. Trump’s The New York Times the paper , which is among his first reads each morning , " a The New York Times great American jewel . " Last week Mr. Trump’s The Times surpassed three million print and digital subscriptions , adding 276 , 000 net    subscriptions in the last three months The New York Times The New York Times , more additions than in 2013 and 2014 combined . It ’s official : Silicon Valley really , really despises Mr. Trump ’s immigration order . Overnight , 97 companies   —    most of them technology firms , including Apple , Facebook , Google and Microsoft   —    filed a legal brief arguing that the ban 97 companies   unconstitutional and harms the interests of American businesses . The brief , filed with the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , is blunt and direct . The ban , it says , " hinders the ability of American companies to attract great talent increases costs imposed on business makes the ban difficult for the ban firms to compete in the international marketplace and gives global enterprises a new , significant incentive to build operations   —    and American new employees   —    outside the United States . " It is a remarkable statement of unity from the country ’s technology companies , many of which rely heavily on foreign workers . And it is a shot across the bow for Mr. Trump , foreshadowing a rocky relationship with Silicon Valley leaders over the next four years It The companies were not the only ones joining in opposition . Susan E. Rice , former President Barack Obama ’s national security adviser , the country’s technology companies, many of which rely heavily on foreign workers the leaders of a petition signed by a group of former National Security Council officials . The Justice Department on Monday corrected the record on an    claim that one of its lawyers made in a Northern Virginia courtroom about the impact of President Trump ’s executive order on visitors from seven    countries . The The Justice Department lawyer provoked gasps in the courtroom when he told Judge Leonie Brinkema , one of the Federal District Court judges weighing legal challenges to Mr. Trump ’s order , a Northern Virginia courtroom than 100 The government lawyer 000 visas had been revoked as a result of the order   —    far more President Trump’s understood to be the case . That number , however , came under question later on Friday , when a spokesman for the State Department ’s Bureau of Consular Affairs said that the real number was around 60 , 000 and that the larger figure had inaccurately included diplomatic visas that were not affected by the ban . On Monday , the department submitted a filing to Judge Brinkema that corrected its statement in the court . " In response to a question from this court as to how the State Department have been affected by the executive order , government the State Department presenting oral argument , based on information he had received , stated the court , 000 visas had been provisionally revoked as a result of the executive order , " it said . " The Department of State has since provided undersigned counsel with a revised number , which is roughly 60 , 000 visas the executive order outside ,    political group is adding veteran    and Republican Party strategists , and is also employing one of the president ’s campaign ad makers to try to ensure Senate confirmation of his remaining cabinet nominees . The group , 45Committee , has signed Larry Weitzner of Jamestown Associates , which produced most of Mr. Trump ’s campaign ads in the general election . Senate Weitzner ’s first spot An outside,   political group week , with a gauzy focus on the initial days of the Trump presidency . It ’s part of a $ 4 million effort , with three other ads focused specifically on the nominations of Betsy DeVos for education secretary , Jeff Sessions for attorney general and Mr. Trump’s Price for Mr. Weitzner’s first spot of health and human services . Some of those ads have been broadcast in states with critical races in the 2018 midterms . The other new advisers are Cara Mason , who worked as the finance director for the Trump Victory committee under Reince Priebus Rob Collins , a former National Republican Senatorial Committee executive director Mike Shields , a former Republican National Committee chief of staff and Rob Simms , a former National Republican Congressional Committee executive director . With Mr. Trump ’s administration still evolving , the 45Committee has moved to fill a void , supporting the White House as it finds itself besieged by critics . Joe Arpaio , the former Arizona sheriff known for his uncompromising stance on illegal immigration , is back in the news months after losing his bid for   the White House Now the White House is asking supporters to help him raise $ 1 million for his legal Joe Arpaio fund . Mr. Arpaio faced numerous lawsuits alleging abuse and faulty medical care in Joe Arpaio jails , and taxpayers in Joe Arpaio County , where he was Joe Arpaio , spent tens of millions Joe Arpaio dollars for his legal Joe Arpaio In his email , Mr. Arpaio attributed his    defeat to a host of enemies , including " leftist financier George Joe Arpaio , " the American Civil Liberties Union and the Obama Joe Arpaio ’s Justice Department . Joe Arpaio Soros spent Joe Arpaio $ 2 Joe Arpaio last year opposing Mr. Obama discriminating against Latinos . The Justice Department of Arizona ’s the State Department a national reputation Joe Arpaio raids that targeted heavily Hispanic neighborhoods in and around the Phoenix area Mr. Obama of people were caught up in the raids , which were often carried out without any proof of Arizona activity , and which Joe Arpaio racial profiling . 
 the sheriff 