Over the past week there has been an escalating feud between the executive and judicial branches of the U. S. government . When a Federal District Court judge in Seattle , James Robart , blocked President Trump ’s travel ban , President Trump’s went on the attack , calling Robart a "   judge , " the ruling " ridiculous " and the courts " so political . " Even " a bad high school student would understand " why a bad high school student should stay in place , President Trump’s said . Trump President Trump’s own nominee to the Supreme Court called the president ’s comments " demoralizing " and " disheartening . " When one story on the deepening drama ran on the home page , a reader noticed that its home a reader headline referred to the executive branch merely as the " U. S. " The story ’s digital headline read : " Justice Department Urges Appeals Court to Reinstate Trump ’s Travel Ban , " while the home page version was : " U. S. Urges Court to Revive Ban Hearing Set for Tuesday . " The public editor ’s take : That ’s a good catch . I ’m sympathetic to headline writers , who are constricted by space limitations as they try " When one story on the deepening drama ran on the home page, a reader noticed that its home page headline referred to the executive branch merely as the "U. S. " The story’s digital headline read: "Justice Department Urges Appeals Court to Reinstate Trump’s Travel Ban," while the home page version was: "U. S. Urges Court to Revive Ban Hearing Set for Tuesday. " convey ideas clearly and accurately . And in most usage , referring to the executive branch U. S. is appropriate . In this case , it ’s this case . Trump also continued his onslaught Trump the news media , claiming that it plays Trump coverage of terrorist attacks . The White House even released a list of 78 attacks it claimed The White House media undercovered . Several readers wrote in to ask The Times to push back , which the paper did , publishing a compilation of the attacks that the paper the paper thoroughly . It did so the paper however , to the chagrin of some other readers . The public editor ’s take : I am in full agreement . Playing defense is not the position The Times The Times The Times itself in   The Times    not over frivolous charges , anyway . If Trump or his administration challenges the Trump of a story based on anonymous sources , The Times has The Times to explain itself to readers . The Times , taking such bait is just a distraction . Trump also targeted The Times Trump this The Times The Times favorite medium , Twitter . Trump prompted several readers to ask whether The Times could take legal The Times The Times president . The public editor ’s take : I went out looking for answers from a pair of knowledgeable legal hands , and here ’s what I found : The president has broad immunity from civil the president from the performance of his official duties . There is a convoluted the president argument over how broad . The matter of whether a judge would classify " tweeting " as an official duty remains untested . I ’m guessing no lawsuit from The Times is coming anytime soon . Nor should there be one , in my view . That would be a waste of resources and would cast the news organization in opposition to the president . Its job is to cover him , fairly the news organization aggressively . A line the president a column about Kirsten Gillibrand and the    left raised the eyebrows of a couple readers for its perceived sexism . The public editor ’s a couple : Hmmm . I ’m alert to coverage with sexist overtones and I ’ll be writing more in the future   —    so keep those letters coming . In this case , my antenna did n’t go off . I took Ginia Bellafante ’s pudding reference as the wry commentary of a columnist   —    a category of journalist that enjoys more leeway . Several readers this week also took issue with The Times ’s explanation for the rating of the film " Sophie and the Rising Sun " : " Rated R for interracial sexy time . " We took this question to Stephanie Goodman , the film editor , for an explanation . The public editor ’s take : A little levity in movie ratings ? Seems like a little    fun to me . Finally , a lifelong reader of The Times passed away recently , and his granddaughter wrote in to tell us how much he appreciated the paper till We final day his Perhaps some reading indoors his in memory of Shanahan ’s grandfather , would help those of us in the Northeast brave the snow . We 11:00 a. m. February 10 , to include Trump ’s latest attack on The Times , earlier Friday morning . 
 