   Donald Trump said Saturday that Democratic Georgia Rep. John Lewis should pay more attention to the crime plaguing Democratic Georgia Rep. John Lewis district than bellyache over the election results . [ " Democratic Georgia Rep. John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district Democratic Georgia Rep. John Lewis which is in horrible shape and falling apart ( not to mention crime infested ) rather than falsely complaining about the election the election results Trump wrote on Twitter . " All talk , talk , talk   —    no action or results . Sad ! "   Congressman John Democratic Georgia Rep. John Lewis more time on fixing and helping his district , which Democratic Georgia Rep. John Lewis in horrible shape and falling apart ( not to   …       …       —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) January 14 , 2017 ,   mention crime infested ) rather than falsely complaining about the election results . All talk , talk , talk   —    no action or results . Sad !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) January 14 , 2017 ,   Lewis ’s district encompasses most of Atlanta , named as one of America ’s top murder capitals by the FBI . Here are a sampling of crime headlines from the first two weeks of 2017 : Lewis declared on Friday he will  Lewis’s attend Trump ’s  Lewis’s . " I do n’t see the    as a legitimate president , " Lewis had told NBC News’ Chuck  Lewis’s earlier . Revealing authentic emails from Democrats , including speeches given by Hillary Clinton about her " dream " of open Hillary Clinton , unfairly " destroyed " her candidacy , Lewis complained . Hillary Clinton I think  Lewis’s Russians participated in having this man get elected , and they helped destroy the candidacy of the Russians Clinton . her candidacy the Inauguration , " he said . " I think  Lewis’s was a conspiracy on the part of the Russians , and others , that helped him get elected the Russians ’s not right . That ’s not this man . That ’s not the open , democratic process . " 
 