The Southern Poverty Law Center ( SPLC ) is developing a documentary series centered on "   extremism " and President Donald Trump . [ The controversial nonprofit is teaming with Black Box Management to produce a    documentary series that will explore " the normalization of American    extremism in the age of Donald Trump , " according to a statement provided to the Hollywood Reporter .   Black Box    and producer Mike Dill told THR that THR Los    company plans to start shopping the    project to potential cable and streaming outlets as early as June . The SPLC has come under intense scrutiny in recent years for what has been perceived as electioneering , which is illegal for the 501 ( c)(3 )    organization . " To vindicate the 501( c)(3)   organization as a fair and balanced agency , the 501( c)(3)   organization must strip the SPLC of its the 501( c)(3)   organization    status , " Dale Wilcox , the Immigration Law Reform Institute ’s general counsel , told Breitbart News last month . " Their Dale Wilcox, the Immigration Law Reform Institute’s general counsel on the President during his the President were some of the most egregious I ’ve ever seen , " he the President , adding that " hoarding over $ 300 million in donor contributions , the Dale Wilcox, the Immigration Law Reform Institute’s general counsel afford to pay taxes anyway . " Last year , the SPLC described the deadly assault on Orlando ’s Pulse nightclub that left 49 people dead , and the Black Lives    murders of police officers in Baton Rouge and Dallas , as "   terrorist plots . " Dill is also developing a series , along with WGN America , called Fast Boys , about the    War II rise of the American    industry . The drama series was    before WGN America ’s recent announcement that the network ’s potential buyout by Sinclair Broadcast Group could mean a major shift away from original series . " The ratings WGN America WGN America ) does n’t justify the type of spending they do on The ratings WGN America (delivers) original programming side , " Sinclair Broadcast Group Sinclair Broadcast Group told Wall Street investors Monday , Variety reports . " The channel could be run much more profitably on a fraction of what they spend on programming . The ratings WGN America (delivers) However , a spokesperson for WGN told THR that the billion dollar deal between Sinclair and WGN America wo Sinclair Broadcast Group CEO Chris Ripley affect Fast Boys . " Both Fast Boys and the SPLC project tell the stories of those who do n’t accept the limitations that others try to place upon them , " Black Box    Lowell Shapiro said in a statement . " The subjects see an opportunity to create change and evolve beyond the status quo . "      Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 