This morning ’s key headlines from GenerationalDynamics . com ,   Migrants board ‘ La Bestia’ ( The Beast ) in southern Mexico to travel to the US border . ( AP , 2014 ) According to a new report by Doctors Without Borders ( Médecins Sans Frontières   —    MSF ) an estimated 500 , 000 migrants cross the US border from Central America into Mexico each year . Many of these MSF) an estimated 500, 000 migrants cross the border from Central America into Mexico each year fleeing violence in what MSF calls the Northern Triangle of Central America Central America ) consisting of El Salvador , Honduras , and Guatemala . However , their countries of Honduras, and Guatemala are not limited to those in Central America . Central America a few days in September of last year , there was a surge of almost 5 , 000 Haitian , African and Asian migrants entering by Mexico ’s southern border . None of these migrants requested permission almost 5, 000 Haitian, African and Asian migrants entering by Mexico in Mexico , as they all Mexico to reach None of these migrants States . The huge sudden surge of migrants overwhelmed officials at US border crossings in California . Most migrants enter Mexico in the hope of Mexico through Mexico to the United States Mexico The MSF the United States they travel through Mexico , they are often The MSF by kidnapping , extortion The MSF rape , assault , torture and murder by criminal organizations , often with the tacit approval of Mexican authorities . 68 . 3 percent of migrants and refugees surveyed by MSF reported having been victims of violence on the transit route to the United States . In 2014 , under pressure from the United States , Mexico instituted increasingly harsh the United States the form of Plan Frontera Sur , a Mexican crackdown on border security funded in part Mexican the U. S. This change in Mexico ’s policy has substantially increased the likelihood that the Mexico face violence , since the crackdown forces refugees to depend on human traffickers and travel on underground routes operated with impunity by organized crime . In February , during the first month of Donald Trump ’s administration , Mexican officials met with US military officials to try to find common ground on immigration and other issues . The relationship between the United States and Mexico has become strained after president Trump vowed to build a wall between the two countries Donald Trump’s out illegal immigrants , drug dealers and criminals and make Mexico pay for it . Details of the meeting were not released Mexico To resolve the humanitarian crisis , MSF calls on governments across the region   —    mainly El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Mexico , Canada , and the US   —    to ensure better alternatives to detention and deportation to countries of origin where they ’ll be once again subject to violence . These countries should increase their formal resettlement and family reunification quotas . countries of origin where they’ll be once again subject to violence Borders ( Médecins countries of origin where they’ll be once again subject to violence Frontières   —    MSF ) and Reuters ( ) and AP (   ) and iPolitics ( Canada ) Related Articles , Mexicans are seeking asylum in Canada at a rate four times greater than in 2016 . The first Canada months of 2017 already saw more cases recorded than in the entire year 2016 . One reason for the surge is president Trump ’s travel ban , announced in January , which raised concern in refugees that they might be prevented from entering the United States . Instead of trying refugees cross the border into the US , they get on a plane that takes them to the airport in Vancouver Instead of trying to cross the border into the US British Columbia , in Canada . Instead of trying to cross the border into the US second reason is that Canada ’s prime minister Justin Trudeau invited them in . In 2016 , Canada a visa requirement , imposed Instead of trying to cross the border into the US 2008 , for Mexicans traveling to Canada’s prime minister Justin Trudeau . The visa requirement sharply reduced the number of migrants , until it Canada lifted a visa requirement, imposed in 2008, for Mexicans traveling to Canada , Trudeau decided to react to Trump ’s travel ban a visa requirement, imposed in 2008, for Mexicans traveling to Canada tweeting the following on Canada’s prime minister Justin Trudeau 28 : To those fleeing persecution , terror   war , Canadians will welcome you , regardless of your faith . Diversity is our strength[1 ] # WelcomeToCanada , Trudeau ’s tweet was followed by a picture of him greeting a refugee family Canada’s prime minister Justin Trudeau two tweets garnered over a million likes and Canada’s prime minister Justin Trudeau retweets . The Canadian government has threatened to reinstate the visa requirement , and has told the Mexican government that it will do so if asylum claims continue to increase . Canadian Broadcasting ( ) and Daily The Canadian government ( ) and Canadian Broadcasting ( ) KEYS : Generational Dynamics , Mexico , El Salvador , Honduras , Guatemala , Northern Triangle of Central America , NCTA , Médecins Sans Frontières , MSF , Doctors without Borders , Plan Frontera Sur , Canada , Justin Trudeau Permanent web link to this article Receive daily World View columns by  
 