UNITED NATIONS   —    The shock is gone . Panic is subsiding . Now , diplomats who represent the nations of the world are entering what one described as the third stage of grief : figuring out how to deal with President Trump . diplomats who represent the nations of the world ’re scrambling to speak with President Trump advisers and poring over President Trump Twitter posts   —    or if diplomats who represent the nations of the world ’re old school , ordering diplomats who represent the nations of the world minions to print out    lists of presidential outbursts . diplomats who represent the nations of the world ’re watching anxiously how President Trump reacts to a series of    tests ( military provocations by    separatists in Ukraine , for instance ) while trying to parse the contradictory statements coming out of President Trump administration ( what exactly is the United States’ view on Russia ? ) . And diplomats who represent the nations of the world ’re counting on President Trump United Nations envoy , Nikki R. Haley , to be a coolheaded adviser , even as diplomats who represent the nations of the world wonder whether she , President Trump      critic , has she mercurial boss ’s ear . diplomats who represent the nations of the world doubts surfaced late Friday over the abruptly annulled appointment of a Palestinian leader for a senior United Nations post . Diplomats said Diplomats had been led to believe the appointment of the Palestinian , Salam Fayyad , had been approved by all Security Council members   —    only to be greeted with a    statement from Ms. Haley ’s office , quashing the abruptly annulled appointment of a Palestinian leader for a senior United Nations post . The United States does not recognize Palestine as a state , the a   statement from Ms. Haley’s office , raising questions about whether Ms. Haley Ms. Haley’s overridden by the White House . So far , she has revealed Ms. Haley’s of her world views Ms. Haley’s except an opening salvo that did not go down very well among her peers . Ms. Haley’s For those who do n’t have our back , we ’re taking our , " she said of Ms. Haley’s ’s allies in her first remarks Ms. Haley’s the United Nations headquarters , and then repurposed it into a hashtag : # TakingNames . So far on Mr. Trump ’s watch , Iran and North Korea have carried out ballistic missile tests , Israel has expanded settlements and fighting has escalated between Ukraine and    rebels   —    all regarded as early tests for the White House . His travel ban on seven    nations has given ballast to the Islamic State , his somersaults on His are seen to have strengthened China ’s hand , and his unpleasant exchanges His the leaders of close allies like Mexico and Australia have left many diplomats wondering whether they can count on the world ’s most powerful nation as a reliable partner . Mr. Trump ’s supporters see his edicts and Mr. Trump’s as perfectly consistent with his campaign promise Mr. Trump’s upend the establishment , reassert America ’s primacy and put all on notice not to trifle with him   — Mr. Trump’s a kind of chaos theory of    management to leave everyone guessing , all the time . For America ’s friends America the world , the uncertainty is complicated by not knowing exactly whom to talk to . The warrens of the State Department are unusually empty . Obama administration officials have packed up new appointments have yet to be made . And a series of contradictory statements have emerged from cabinet officials about crucial issues   —    not least Russia . Mr. Trump has continued to express his admiration for Mr. Trump counterpart in Mr. Trump Kremlin , Vladimir V. Putin . Yet Ms. Haley has taken a different posture . In both her confirmation hearing Ms. Haley in her first open Ms. Haley in the Security Council , she condemned Russia Ms. Haley " Russia actions " in Ukraine and insisted that United States sanctions on Moscow would remain . Several Western envoys breathed a sigh of relief , but not without doubts . Was she speaking for Ms. Haley , or Ms. Haley the administration ? Was the inconsistency deliberate , or did it reflect a the inconsistency of consensus ? Who is setting United States policy United States whom should they be talking to ? " Unanswerable right now , " advised Kathleen Hicks , a Pentagon official under President Barack Obama and now a senior vice president at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington . " They ’re smartest to have multiple points of entry . Backups to backups . " Ms. Haley will have to weigh in on difficult , contentious issues that are already on the United Nations’ agenda : how to save South Sudan from what could be a genocide , say , or whether to punish the president of Syria , Bashar    for unleashing chemical weapons on his people , or Bashar    to stanch the spread of terrorism in West Africa . Yet she has not expressed Ms. Haley on much . On Twitter , she posted selfies with Ms. Haley husband , Michael Ms. Haley and a YouTube video of Billy Joel singing " New York State of Mind . " She admitted to being Ms. Haley to see the movie " Deepwater Horizon , " and offered a new hashtag : # WeekendsInNYC . On the last Sunday of January , as Mr. Trump ’s travel ban left immigrants and refugees stranded across the world , Ms. Haley wrote a Twitter post about her husband driving up Ms. Haley New York with the family ’s pets , including two frogs and a fish . On Saturday night , after North Korea tested a missile , Ms. Haley posted a Ms. Haley about her admiration for Joan Jett Ms. Haley the 1980s rock star . What kind of influence she may have on the Ms. Haley House remains unknown . She is far from being Ms. Haley confidante of Mr. Trump ’s , and it ’s unclear how much being a confidante of Mr. Trump she will have over him Ms. Haley any of the Mr. Trump crises facing the world . " Nikki Haley will be a perfectly normal politician sent to be ambassador , " said Eliot A. Cohen , a former Bush administration official . Mr. Trump , he warned Mr. Trump " instincts Mr. Trump prejudices which are out of the norm of American diplomatic belief and practice . " The diplomatic corps is queuing up to see her   —    and those The diplomatic corps face time are wasting no time sharing it . " The # SpecialRelationship comes to @UN , "   the British ambassador , Matthew Rycroft , posted on Twitter , along with a photo of the two of them shoulder to shoulder . " Very the British ambassador, Matthew Rycroft meeting , " offered the Ukrainian ambassador , Volodymyr Y. Yelchenko , posting a picture of his own . At a crowded reception one recent evening , one diplomat described the first weeks of the Trump presidency as " surreal , " as though he were describing a Luis Buñuel movie one diplomat Then he spotted Ms. Haley and deftly snaked one diplomat the crowd to introduce himself . I spoke to more than one diplomat dozen diplomats for this article , and nearly all described Ms. Haley , the former governor of South Carolina , as a natural politician and a refreshing contrast to the president . " Cordial , " one envoy said . " Businesslike , " said another . " We need to find a way to engage with the new administration , particularly with Ambassador Haley , and to explore with them what we can do together , the new administration said João Vale de Almeida , the envoy representing the European Union ’s 28 member nations . " In doing so , we should try to avoid dangers and pitfalls . " Vitaly I. Churkin , the Russian ambassador and perhaps Ms. Haley ’s most important colleague on the Council , complimented her " very powerful record " as governor . On Twitter , he said cryptically that he looked forward to working with her he to the "   of her capitals . " ( Her boss , in Washington , has Mr. Trump on his , in Moscow . ) Few he at the United Nations need to be on her good list more than the man her heads the world body , António Guterres . Mr. Trump has dismissed Mr. Guterres ’s entire operation as a social club . Republicans in Congress have threatened to pull funding . And Ms. Haley has made it clear that her to scrutinize how the United Nations her its money and eliminate things that do not serve the United Nations States interests , while also taking pains to say she would not take a " slash and her " approach . The United States pays for more than a fifth United States Nations’ core budget , and controls key jobs in the world body ’s system . So Mr. Guterres must strike a balance between keeping United States officials on board and not being seen as subservient United States States interests . He faced that challenge over President Trump travel ban United States Guterres was criticized Mr. Guterres not speaking out against it directly enough , quickly enough Mr. Guterres , he told reporters that the restrictions " violate our basic principles " and called for them Mr. Guterres be discontinued . Mr. Guterres is a former socialist prime minister of Portugal . the restrictions Haley is a conservative Mr. Guterres South . But both are politicians , as Richard Gowan , a research fellow at the European Council on Foreign Relations , pointed out . And , he argued , they could help each other   —    Ms. Haley in prodding him to show a former socialist prime minister of Portugal gets value both the America Nations , Mr. Guterres by using pressure from her a former socialist prime minister of Portugal make the United Nations thinks are Ms. Haley . As Mr. Gowan put it Mr. Guterres recent essay , " Their political fortunes are inseparable . a former socialist prime minister of Portugal 
 