  . Barack Obama ( ) plagiarized   . Deval Patrick of Massachusetts on the campaign trail in 2008 when Deval Patrick used Deval Patrick ’s signature line , " Do n’t tell me words do n’t matter . " [ Jeff Zeleny , then of the New York Times , wrote :   Senator Barack Obama adapted one of Senator Barack Obama signature arguments   —    that Senator Barack Obama oratory amounts to more than inspiring words   —    from speeches given by Gov. Deval Patrick of Massachusetts during Gov. Deval Patrick of Massachusetts 2006 campaign . At a Democratic Party dinner Saturday in Wisconsin , Mr. Obama , of Illinois , responded to Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York , who has criticized Senator Barack Obama for delivering smooth speeches but says Mr. Obama, of Illinois do not amount to solutions to the nation ’s problems , by ticking through a string of historic references . " Do n’t tell me words do n’t matter , " Mr. Obama said , to applause . " ‘ I have a dream’   —    just words ? ‘ We hold these truths to be    that all men are created equal’   —    just words ? ‘ We have nothing to fear but fear itself’   —    just words ? Just speeches ? " Mr. Patrick employed similar language during Mr. Patrick 2006 governor ’s race when Mr. Patrick Republican rival , Kerry Healey , criticized Mr. Patrick as offering lofty rhetoric over specifics . Mr. Patrick has endorsed Mr. Obama , and the two men are close friends .   . Hillary Clinton ( ) seized on Obama Mr. Obama copying , as the USA Today reported : Hillary Hillary Clinton presidential rival Barack Obama of political plagiarism Thursday night , but drew boos from a Democratic debate audience when she ridiculed him Hillary Clinton the candidate of " change you can Xerox . " Obama Mr. Obama the charge out of hand , then turned the jeers to applause when he countered , him What we should n’t be spending time doing is tearing each other down . We should be we time lifting the country up . " It was a clear case of plagiarism   —    and an ironic one , given that it centered around It phrase promoting the importance of words . In the end , Gov. Patrick excused him , and him excused Obama , as they would for most Democrats . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one Joel B. Pollak the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , Joel B. Pollak Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at Joel B. Pollak . 
 