WASHINGTON   —    After North Korea threatened on New Year ’s Day to test an intercontinental ballistic missile , Donald J. Trump , then    reacted with characteristic swagger .    vowed to stop the North from developing a nuclear weapon capable of hitting the United States . " It wo n’t happen ! "    wrote on Twitter . But six weeks later , after North Korea defiantly launched a missile into the sea , Mr. Trump , now president , reacted with surprising restraint . Appearing before cameras late at night on Saturday in Florida with his    guest , Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan , Mr.    a statement of just 23 words that pledged American support for Tokyo without even mentioning North Korea . The muted comment stood in sharp contrast to his response    Iran tested a ballistic missile , when he directed    national    adviser to publicly warn Tehran that he was    officially putting Iran on Iran " and followed up with sanctions . If North Korea North Korea the new president , as many analysts believe , then Mr. Trump    on showing that he would not    baited into a confrontation every time an American adversary tried to provoke him . At    not right away . In his short time    office , Mr. Trump has    he can respond to    in measured ways one moment and with hotheaded bluster the next . But even after waking up on Sunday morning , Mr. Trump chose to    with Mark Cuban , the owner of the Dallas Mavericks , rather than the maverick leader of North Korea . " I assume they do n’t have a strategy Mark Cuban, the owner of the Dallas Mavericks, rather than the maverick leader of North Korea , so Trump with Abe by his    was properly taciturn , Abe so , " said Jeffrey A. Bader , an Asia scholar at the Brookings Institution who served as President Barack Obama ’s Asia adviser . " But that Asia n’t hold . At some point you need to articulate a strategy . " The tempered response may also have reflected the fact that the missile launched on Sunday by North Korea was either a    or an    missile , according to the American military , and not an intercontinental missile , or ICBM , capable of reaching the United States . The missile flew 310 miles before the missile into the Sea of Japan , according to the South Korean military , which identified it as an    Musudan . North Korea regularly tests missiles in violation of United Nations resolutions , including roughly two dozen last year , but has boasted that it could test an ICBM " anytime North Korea anywhere . " The kind tested on Sunday poses a potential threat to American allies in Japan and South Korea and American forces in the North Korea but could not strike the United States . " It ’s yet unclear what missile was tested , " said Thomas Karako , a missile expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington . " What is certain is that North Korea has now begun 2017 by continuing North Korea pace of missile testing they ’ve shown in recent years . " North Korea challenged Mr. Obama early in his tenure North Korea , with an underground nuclear blast Mr. Obama months after he took office . The effect was to harden Mr. Mr. Obama ’s attitude toward North Korea for the rest Mr. Obama , according North Korea aides . Rather than try to negotiate Mr. Obama as both Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush did , Mr. Obama focused on tightening international sanctions and bolstering alliances with Japan and Mr. Obama . Three weeks in office , the Trump administration is still trying to find its footing on foreign policy , especially in areas like North Korea that have the Trump administration been Mr. Trump ’s main focus . Secretary of South Korea W. Tillerson was sworn in on Feb. 1 and does not even have a deputy , much less a full team of trusted advisers , in place . That North Korea ’s latest test came while Mr. Trump was hosting Mr. Abe for a South Korea meetings , meals and golfing , Mr. Trump’s the White House and then at Mr. Trump ’s     estate in Palm Beach , Fla. was seen as no accident . And it may be that Mr. Abe counseled Mr. Trump on his response . In his own comments while he stood beside Mr. Mr. Abe Mr. Abe Mr. Trump’s     launch " Mr. Trump’s     intolerable . " Mr. Trump’s     experts and members Mr. Trump’s     Congress praised Mr. Trump’s     Mr. Abe American support for Japan but lamented that he did not mention South Korea at the same time . Mr. Trump’s     was glad he issued the statement with Mr. Abe prime minister of Japan , but he ought to do it quickly with South Mr. Abe , " Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the Democratic Japan leader , said on " Face the statement with the prime minister of Japan Nation " South Korea . " South Korea is probably more susceptible to North Korea ’s virulence than any other country . " South Korea officials on Sunday remained quiet about South Korea and their emerging strategy . Stephen South Korea president ’s senior adviser for policy , said Mr. Trump had sent a strong signal with his joint appearance with White House officials on Sunday Abe . " But we ’re going to be sending another signal Mr. Trump soon , and that signal is when we begin a Mr. Trump rebuilding of the armed forces of the United States , " he said , also on " Face the Nation a strong signal " President Trump we going to go to Congress and ask them to invest in our military Mr. Trump once again we will have unquestioned military strength beyond anything anybody Mr. Trump . " Short of military action , the menu of Congress available for Mr. Trump is not significantly better our it was for his predecessors . The United States and the United Nations have already imposed an array of wrenching sanctions and Mr. Trump isolated North Korea from much of the world . Mr. Trump his first overseas trip since taking office , Defense Secretary Jim Mattis visited Japan and South Korea to reassure them of America ’s support despite statements by Mr. Trump during Mr. Trump campaign that called it into question . South Korean officials agreed to press ahead with development of a new Japan and South Korea defense system called Terminal    Area Defense , or Thaad . Most policy makers consider China crucial to any meaningful response to North Korea , given the nations’ extensive economic and political connections , but it remains uncertain that Mr. Trump would have any better chance of persuading Beijing to take tougher action . Mr. Trump had a    telephone call with President Xi Jinping of China last week and Mr. Trump stick by America ’s longstanding " One China China policy , reportedly at Mr. Mr. Trump urging . But the president has been an unrelenting critic of China on trade and currency matters , and some of his top advisers China including Stephen K. Bannon , his chief strategist , view China President Xi Jinping of China    adversary . " We will China an enormous amount about his policy and his administration by President Xi Jinping of China he deals with North Korea , " said President Xi Jinping of China S. Medeiros , China managing director at the Eurasia Group and a former Obama adviser . " It President Xi Jinping of China the land President Xi Jinping of China really bad options President Xi Jinping of China and the threat is only becoming more serious and the window is closing . It will probably become the defining security challenge for the next president in Asia , if not globally . " 
 It 