When the Trump administration announced Monday that the Trump administration would impose new tariffs on Canadian softwood lumber imports , it would impose new tariffs on Canadian softwood lumber imports elicited protests from Canadian officials , American    and   . [ " We will be putting a very big tariff on the lumber coming into the country , " President Donald Trump said .   Canadian foreign minister Chrystia Freeland warned that the move would hurt U. S. families by raising the price of materials needed to build new homes . " You need the lumber coming into the country . You need our our build your homes , " Freeland said Canadian foreign minister Chrystia Freeland an interview on CNBC . Beyond the headlines , however , there are signs that there may be less to the new tariffs than meets the eye . For one thing , lumber prices actually declined after the tariffs the new tariffs . Lumber futures fell on Tuesday by the $ 10 exchange limit in Chicago , a 2 . 5 percent drop . The prices of Canadian lumber companies rose , some sharply . Shares of Canfor Corp were up by 8 . 09 percent on Tuesday and West Fraser Timber Co. Ltd. rose by 2 . 37 percent . As it turns out , the 20 percent tariff was smaller than what the market expected . The Trump administration has actually adopted a gentler policy on Canadian lumber than Canadian and investors had forecast . It ’s unlikely The Trump administration the 20 percent the 20 percent tariff of an effect on home prices , despite the protests of home buyers . Lumber prices make up a small fraction of the prices of new homes . And with the tariff coming in lower than the 20 percent tariff lumber prices falling , it ’s just as likely that the announcement could slow rising home prices . The lumber tariff is best understood as the 20 percent tariff by the Trump Administration aimed at underlining its America First stance . The intended audience are the Trump Administration partners in Europe , Japan , and Mexico . Taking a stand on Canadian lumber is a way of sending the message without seriously impeding larger trade flows . Canada is the model target for such symbolism because it ’s unlikely to retaliate against the U. S. Canada the sanctions , and penalizing Canada does n’t risk mixing in messier concerns over Canada , national security or immigration . During a briefing on Tuesday , Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross praised Canada as " a good neighbor " and played Canada the possibility that this was the beginning of a larger trade war . The Trump administration also hoped the move would be welcomed by economic nationalists , first announcing the tariffs at a meeting with conservative journalists on Monday night . Many of Trump ’s economic nationalist supporters have become increasingly concerned The Trump administration the administration may be backing away from America First The Trump administration that was central to its electoral victory in November . The decision not to The Trump administration China as a currency manipulator , for example , has raised fears that trade reforms could take a back seat to other administration priorities . 
 