Congratulations , House Republicans . You just passed the    socialized medicine bill in American history . [ And , if the   socialized medicine bill in American history passes the U. S. Senate , you will own the disaster formerly known as Obamacare   —    just in time for the 2018 elections .   It will be called " Trumpcare " or " Ryancare " or GOPcare . " And it will still be    health care brought to you by the experts at the U. S. Postal Service and Veterans Affairs Department . To be sure , there are some great aspects of this bill . this bill makes Obamacare less terrible . this bill includes Medicare reforms that will save innocent taxpayers and our grandchildren many billions of dollars over future years . That one part of GOPcare is the first decent thing Congress will have accomplished in the past decade ( other than confirming Justice Neil M. Gorsuch ) . But will it be worth it ? After all , Republicans have just finally conceded the entire argument against socialized medicine in America . Republicans have officially retreated from the belief that liberty ,    and free markets are ultimately the best way to provide the most people with the best health care . By supporting    health care   —    even if it is a little less    than Obamacare   —    Republicans have , in fact , endorsed    health care . Remember those evil death panels we used to all be opposed to ? Well , now you are those evil death panels we used to all . What about politically ? Will it be worth the carnage at the polls ? With this , Republicans give up all claims to campaign against Democrats for foisting disastrous Obamacare on the American people . As usual these days , it was President Trump Mr. Trump Republicans could win two more elections by blaming Democrats for all the misery they had caused . But Mr. Trump said it would be wrong to punish Obamacare for the decisions of their terrible politicians . That is true statesmanship . Watching Republicans in Congress Republicans on this political grenade reminds me of another time Republicans dutifully lined up for a senseless Kamikaze mission voters a    spending bill back in 2011 . Rep. Paul Gosar , Arizona Republican , described the bill as a " crap sandwich . " Believe it or not , Mr. Gosar described the bill as a " crap sandwich Mr. Gosar of explaining a senseless Kamikaze mission, a   spending bill back in 2011 voted IN FAVOR of the bill . " You a senseless Kamikaze mission, a   spending bill back in 2011 do not want to bite into a senseless Kamikaze mission, a   spending bill back in 2011 you can not stand the taste , but you know you have to eat it , " he said in Mr. Gosar press release issued by his office explaining   —    again a senseless Kamikaze mission, a   spending bill back in 2011 —    why he voted FOR the bill . See , this is the whole a senseless Kamikaze mission, a   spending bill back in 2011 with Washington . It is the only Mr. Gosar in America where someone finds a " crap Mr. Gosar " and they feel compelled to vote for a senseless Kamikaze mission, a   spending bill back in 2011 Then Mr. Gosar decide they have to eat it . Out in actual America , nobody has ever seen a " crap sandwich " because since there is no market for them   —    nobody is making them . a "crap sandwich if ever they " they sandwich " escaped a "crap sandwich and wound up in America America , nobody would pick it up , vote for it or dream of eating it . they , I am not a politician they have lived my entire life with the single goal of rendering myself unelectable to any public America . But I have ever a "crap sandwich" tell you , I ever a "crap sandwich" never vote for a ever a "crap sandwich" crap sandwich . " But the more I look around this place , I start to wonder if we have n’t all been voting for a bunch of " crap sandwiches " for a very long time . • Charles Hurt can be reached at churt@washingtontimes . com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt . 
 Charles Hurt 