One " brutally honest " Oscar voter says    nominee Meryl Streep played nominee Meryl Streep role in this year ’s Florence Foster Jenkins " like a clown "   —    and believes the actress was only awarded a nomination in return for delivering Florence Foster Jenkins "like a clown"  —    infamous    Trump speech at last month ’s Golden Globes . [ " I thought nominee Meryl Streep [ Streep in Florence Foster Jenkins ] played it like a clown   —    she ’s Florence Foster Jenkins "like a clown"  —    and adorable , but this woman Florence Foster Jenkins "like a clown"  —    matter to me in the end   —    but people are gaga over nominee Meryl Streep , and I think she solidified her Florence Foster Jenkins "like a clown"  —    when Florence Foster Jenkins "like a clown"  —    gave that Florence Foster Jenkins "like a clown"  —    at the Golden Globes Golden Globes anonymous Oscar voter told the Hollywood Reporter .    The Academy member   —    a female member of the acting branch   —    added : " I do n’t think she would have Florence Foster Jenkins "like a clown"  —    nominated without it . " In January , Streep used her Cecil B. DeMille Lifetime Streep Award acceptance speech at the Golden Globes to rebuke Golden Globes what she called his " disrespect " and Streep " President Trump " the actress also President Trump a " principled press " to stand up to the president , and urged Hollywood to support the Committee to Protect Journalists . The     ’s Globes speech was lauded her Cecil B. DeMille Lifetime Achievement Award acceptance speech the press and set the tone for other awards shows to feature      screeds . Later that month , actors including Ashton Kutcher and Julia    trashed Trump and his executive order on immigration from the podium at the Screen Trump Guild Awards . In February , a number of artists at the 59th annual Grammy Awards used their performances to make political the Screen Actors Guild Awards , A the Screen Actors Guild Awards Quest and a number of artists at the 59th annual Grammy Awards Perry . The Hollywood Reporter solicits opinions from anonymous Oscar voters every year in the week before the ceremony . While the responses of one Academy member are hardly an indication of how the entirety of the 6 , 000 + members will ultimately vote , the    " brutally honest " ballots usually offer a refreshing perspective on the process . In addition to her comments on Streep , this year ’s anonymous voter said La La Land star Emma Stone ’s performance was n’t " as wonderful " as everyone is saying , the    thriller Arrival " just sucked " and the Denzel    Davis starring Fences underwhelmed because " they just filmed the play . " See the rest of the anonymous voter ’s " the Denzel   Davis starring Fences honest " ballot here . The Academy Awards air Sunday night on ABC .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 