While former aides to President Obama and members of Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign predictably panned President Donald Trump for firing James Comey as FBI director , it was only a few months ago that Hillary Clinton campaign repeatedly alleged wrongdoing by Comey over his Comey into Clinton Hillary Clinton of a private email server . [ And last October , Obama ’s former attorney general , Eric Holder , signed his name Comey a letter circulated by Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton criticizing Comey ’s decision Comey aspects of the FBI investigation , alleging Comey ’s moves were Comey FBI protocol .   In FBI October , less than two weeks before the presidential election , Comey informed key members of Comey that the FBI was reviewing additional FBI FBI have been relevant to the Clinton probe . This after emails were reportedly discovered on the personal devices of disgraced former Congressman Anthony Weiner , the estranged husband of    top Clinton aide Huma Abedin . At Clinton time , Clinton ’s campaign circulated the    Clinton signed by Holder as well as nearly 100 former federal prosecutors and    Department of Justice officials . The letter stated : " Many of the   letter, signed by Holder as well as nearly 100 former federal prosecutors and   Department of Justice officials worked with Director Comey all of us respect him . But his unprecedented decision us publicly Director Comey all of us on evidence Director Comey all of us what may be an ongoing inquiry just eleven days before a presidential election leaves us both astonished and perplexed . " ABC News reported on the letter : The authors of the letter the   letter, signed by Holder as well as nearly 100 former federal prosecutors and   Department of Justice officials were " moved " to the   letter, signed by Holder as well as nearly 100 former federal prosecutors and   Department of Justice officials publicly because The authors of the letter ’s action violated " settled " DOJ tenets . Director Comey all of us officials are instructed to refrain from commenting publicly on pending investigations except in " exceptional circumstances , " as well as to " exercise heightened restraint near the time of a primary or general election , " said the letter . " We can not recall a prior the   letter, signed by Holder as well as nearly 100 former federal prosecutors and   Department of Justice officials a senior Justice Department official —    Republican or Democrat —   has , Justice Department eve of a major election , issued a public statement where the mere disclosure of information may impact the election ’s outcome , yet the official acknowledges the information to be examined may not be significant or a senior Justice Department official —   Republican or Democrat —   " they information The nearly 100 former DOJ officials who signed on to the letter information that Comey ’s letter to Congress was inconsistent with prevailing department policy and that it broke with longstanding practices followed during past elections . " Perhaps most troubling to Comey’s letter to Congress is the precedent set by this departure from the Department ’s      traditions , " they wrote . After Comey renewed the email probe in late October , Clinton herself Comey’s letter to Congress was inconsistent with prevailing department policy and that it broke with longstanding practices followed during past elections the FBI chief Comey’s actions " deeply troubling . " " It is pretty strange , " she said . " It ’s pretty strange to put something like that out with Clinton herself little information , right before an election . In fact , it ’s not just strange it ’s unprecedented and it ’s deeply troubling . " It ’s campaign chairman , It Podesta , said It had " not been forthcoming Clinton facts . " However , now that Trump has fired Comey , with administration officials citing Comey ’s handling of the Clinton email investigation , former Comey aides and Clinton officials claim Comey dismayed . Deputy Clinton General Rod J. Rosenstein clarified the firing Clinton a letter , writing , " I can not defend the director ’s handling of the conclusion of the investigation of Secretary Clinton ’s emails . " Yet Sen. Tim Kaine , Clinton ’s running mate , claimed the firing was about the Russia investigation . " Trump firing Secretary Clinton’s how frightened the Admin the firing Russia investigation , the investigation of Secretary Clinton’s emails in response to the news . " Comey firing part of a growing pattern the investigation of Secretary Clinton’s emails Russia to    the truth . " Trump firing Comey shows how frightened Comey Admin is over Russia investigation ,   —    Senator Tim Kaine ( @timkaine ) May 9 Comey 2017 ,   the Admin the Admin Clinton Russia campaign manager , released the following statement : I was as frustrated , concerned and disappointed as anyone with Director Comey ’s handling of the email investigation , but President Trump just fired the man investigating how Russia meddled in our Comey whether members of his campaign Russia investigation an investigation President Trump called a " charade Russia only 24 hours ago . It ’s equally concerning that our attorney President Trump , who lied about his own President Trump the Russians , approved Director Comey ’s firing . Clinton ’s press secretary , Brian Fallon our tweeted , " I ’m not President Trump any tears for Comey personally   —    he hurt the FBI ’s reputation   —    but I do worry whether we ever get to the bottom of Russia Director Comey . " Former aides Director Comey Obama also claimed Trump fired Comey over the Russia investigation . " This should not be sugarcoated . Firing Comey is up there in terms of the scariest things Trump has done Director Comey " former Russia White House Communications Director Jen Psaki wrote on Twitter Director Comey Director Comey National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes expressed concern : " Trump is not normal . This is not healthy for a democracy . The fixed 10 year term for an FBI Director exists to prevent    …      this , " he wrote This " This justification several months into this Administration is just completely and insultingly unbelievable . " Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and an FBI Director investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter Aaron Klein . Follow him on Facebook . With research by Joshua Klein . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 