A student or staff member at St. Louis Park High School in suburban Minneapolis , Minnesota , was diagnosed with active tuberculosis ( TB ) in late November , but Hennepin County Department of Health officials and St. Louis Park Public Schools officials concealed that information from the public until the second week of January , six weeks later . [ " Some parents received letters in the mail Thursday saying Some parents teenagers may have been exposed to an infectious disease , " WCCO reported .   " In late November , the school district was notified by the Hennepin County Department of Health that an individual at the high school had been diagnosed with active ( TB ) , " St. Louis Park Public Schools Superintendent Rob Metz wrote in a letter sent to parents of students dated January 11 . a letter sent to parents of students dated January 11 was sent in three languages : English , Spanish , and Somali . " By the time we were notified , an individual at the high school was receiving medical care and posed no further risk or exposure to the the high school " Metz said St. Louis Park Public Schools Superintendent Rob Metz " The Tuberculosis experts at the Hennepin County Department of Health asked us to wait we communicate this information and arrange for the testing until they could determine The Tuberculosis experts at the Hennepin County Department of Health needed to be tested , " Metz admitted St. Louis Park Public Schools Superintendent Rob Metz The concealment of the diagnosis of active TB stands in marked contrast to the decision by Omaha Public School officials and Douglas County , Nebraska , public health officials , who in November , as soon as the diagnosis was the diagnosis of active TB released to the public news that a student at Benson Magnet High School , where 18 percent of all students are refugees , had been diagnosed with active TB . Public active TB public school officials in Rock Hill , South Carolina , also released news that a middle school student had been diagnosed with active TB in December during active TB TB of January . One public health expert was stunned by the failure of the Hennepin County Department of Health , the Minnesota Department of Health , and the St. Louis Health Public Schools to immediately inform the students , their parents , and staff members the Minnesota Department of Health, and the St. Louis Park Public Schools the risk of TB to which they had been exposed . " The proper thing to do when an active case of TB is discovered is to notify TB test contacts immediately , " Dr. Jane Orient , executive director of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons , tells Breitbart News , adding , " If negative , they need to be tested again " Dr. Jane Orient, executive director of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons about six weeks . One infected person can affect many . One that he infects can infect many , One infected person soon you have exponential spread and an epidemic . In fact , close contacts of the known patient may have already been spreading disease , especially if they are all refugees that were close contacts of the known patient in crowded conditions . " " Moreover , " Dr. Orient continued , " the fact that the individual is receiving care does not guarantee that he is not a risk . Dr. Orient he had three negative sputum tests Dr. Orient Remember , it may take six weeks to be sure the organism is not going to grow . Is it sensitive to the prescribed drugs ? Is the individual taking the drugs faithfully ? " " the prescribed drugs I think this failure to follow standard public health procedures is stunning , " Orient concludes . St. Louis Park Dr. Orient Schools Superintendent Metz sent the late notice of the case of active TB to parents eight days after he announced he was resigning to become St. Louis Park Public Schools Superintendent Metz director St. Louis Park Public Schools Superintendent Metz a program called Building Assets , Reducing Risks that began at St. Louis Park High School . " The Building Assets , Reducing Risks position became a possibility after the center won a $ 20 million U. S. Department of Education grant to implement or expand the initiative in at least 116 schools nationally within the next five years , " the Sun Sailor reported : The federal government has already helped fund expansions of the Building Assets , Reducing Risks program to dozens of schools . The new funding will help the program expand to 50 additional schools Risks program states , according to the U. S. Department of Education . The Building Assets , Reducing Risks program began as a way for the St. Louis Park School District to help freshmen transition to high school . At the time , nearly half of St. Louis Park    students failed at least one class . Other risks on the rise then included higher rates of substance abuse , truancy and discipline referrals . Breitbart News contacted Metz and St. Louis Public Schools Board of Education Chairman Joe Tatalovich for comment but did not receive a response . As Breitbart News reported on January 9 , 36 Breitbart News all cases of active TB in Minnesota between 2012 and 2015 , or 225 out of 610 , were diagnosed in refugees resettled in the state by the federal government , the highest Minnesota any of the 46 states in which the Centers for Disease Control ( CDC ) obtains data . Refugees account for less than one percent of the state ’s population of 5 . 5 million , Minnesota estimate . Minnesota leads the country by far in one category of public health Minnesota refugee TB per capita . During the four years between 2012 and 2015 , 4 . 08 cases of refugee TB were diagnosed for every 100 , 000 residents of the state . Nebraska trailed Minnesota in a very distant second , Minnesota . 26 cases of Minnesota TB diagnosed for every 100 , 000 residents of the state during refugee TB TB period .    percent of all TB Minnesota in Minnesota in 2015 , or 128 out of 150 , were TB 19 percent Minnesota than the national average of 66 percent .    percent of the 39 , 669 refugees who have been resettled by the federal    in Minnesota since 2003 , or 28 , 831 out of 39 , 669 , Minnesota from five high TB burden countries : Somalia ( 16 , 069 ) Burma ( 7 , 975 ) Ethiopia ( 3 , 399 ) Bhutan ( 1157 ) and the Democratic Republic of Congo ( 231 ) according to the Department of State . One hundred and    Somali refugees and 20 Ethiopian refugees have been resettled in the city of St. Louis Park , which had a population in 2015 of 48 , 534 . The state of Minnesota is home to the largest Somali community in the United States , most of whom live in the    Paul metropolitan area . In a presentation made to the St. Louis Park Multicultural Advisory Committee , Human Rights Commission , and Police Advisory Commission in August 2016 , Minnesota State demographer Susan Brower reported the city ’s 2015 population was 48 , 354 , and had grown slightly less than 1 . 5 percent annually between 2010 and 2015 . During the    period , 80 percent of the city ’s population , or 37 , 056 out of 46 , 466 , the city’s according to Brower . Twenty percent of the city ’s population during the    period , or Minnesota State demographer Susan Brower , 400 out of 46 , the city’s population : 3 , 329 were black 2 , 052 were Latino 2 , 051 were " " 1 , 790 were Asian and 188 were American Indian , Brower reported . Neither the Hennepin County Health Department , the Minnesota Department of Health Minnesota State demographer Susan Brower nor the St. Louis Park School District disclosed whether the individual diagnosed with active TB was a    refugee , a    resident with a different original immigration entry status , or U. S. . St. Louis Park Public Schools did not respond to questions from Breitbart News as to the percentage of the 1 , 400 students who attend St. Louis Park High School who are refugees . St. Louis Park High School employs two English Language Learner ( ELL ) teachers . The St. Louis Park Public Schools website states that " over 250 children [ receive ] ELL services " out of the the percentage of the 1, 400 students who attend St. Louis Park High School who are refugees of September , October and November . The school has about 1 , 400 students , " WCCO reported . The testing of students for latent TB is voluntary and is planned to take place at the end the district The TB bacteria is transmitted from a contagious individual with active TB to a healthy individual through air droplets from coughing , sneezing , or other the district contact . Once the TB bacteria is in a person ’s system , he has latent TB , TB is neither active nor contagious , but which can develop into active contagious TB . Only four percent of the general population has latent TB TB    residents of the United States , and refugees in particular , have a much higher rate of latent The TB bacteria from 11 percent in Florida to 35 percent in a person’s TB    percent of refugees arriving in Minnesota tested positive for latent TB in 2014 . TB percent of those who have latent TB in the general TB develop active TB at some point . According to several recent medical studies , including one done in 2013 at TB latent TB California at San Diego , refugee communities with high rates of latent TB experience    higher rate of activation than the general TB . This difference may be due to the greater stresses TB on their immune systems . In TB U. C. San Diego study , the problem was particularly acute among refugees from    Africa , primarily Somalis and Ethiopians : The prevalence of LTBI [ latent tuberculosis infection ] was TB among refugees from    Africa ( 43 percent ) and the general population current smoking and having a clinical comorbidity that increases the risk for active tuberculosis This difference    …      Although refugees from    Africa had the highest prevalence of infection , they were significantly less likely to initiate treatment than refugees from the Middle East . Refugees with postsecondary education were significantly more likely to initiate LTBI   Africa The study also showed that " public health strategies are needed to increase treatment rates among    refugees with LTBI . Particular attention is required among refugees from    Africa   Africa with less education . " Breitbart News contacted refugees from   Africa office of Sen. Amy Klobuchar Breitbart News the former county attorney for Hennepin County , for comment on the handling of the St. Louis Park High that U. C. San Diego study TB case St. Louis Park , TB did not receive a response . Klobuchar is up for    in 2018 . In LTBI ,    Donald Trump lost November state of   Africa Africa Clinton by 43 , 785 votes , only 1 . 5 percent The state of Minnesota 2 . 7 million votes cast in the state . Before Trump ’s electoral victory in November , Klobuchar ’s seat was November Minnesota Minnesota . Public concerns about health , security , and crime related to high levels of refugee resettlement , however , helped power Trump ’s wins in the nearby states of Wisconsin and Michigan , and his     showing in Minnesota . There is no evidence that the individual diagnosed with active TB at St. Louis Park High TB in November St. Louis Park High School November   Donald Trump . However , the six weeks Klobuchar the diagnosis from the public by Minnesota officials , combined with their failure to affirmatively declare whether the individual was    a    refugee , or U. S.     Donald Trump to heighten public distrust of public officials in Minnesota and fuel      Donald Trump just as Klobuchar begins to prepare for her    campaign . Incumbent Governor Mark Dayton , a Democrat , has said he will not run for    to a third term in 2018 , so that race Minnesota less likely to be influenced by    sentiment . 
 Minnesota no evidence that the individual diagnosed with active TB at St. Louis Park High School in November was either   or a   refugee the individual Klobuchar       Incumbent Governor Mark Dayton, a Democrat 