President Donald Trump told the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) at their headquarters in Langley , Virginia , on Saturday that President Donald Trump is engaged in " a running war " with the " dishonest media , " noting that he is engaged in "a running war" with the "dishonest media latest lies include misleading reports about the size of the crowd at President Donald Trump    ceremony on Friday . [   " And the reason you ’re my first stop is that , as you know , I have a running war with the media . They are among the most dishonest human beings on earth , " Trump said . The approximately 400 CIA employees broke out into applause after Trump said this . In addition to making it seem , falsely , like he was in a feud with the intelligence community , Trump said the media " showed an empty field " during his he . " We had a massive field of people . You saw that , packed , " Trump Trump . He Trump noted that when he Trump up Saturday morning , he Trump on the TV and noticed , " I get up this morning , I turn on one of the networks and they the networks an empty field . I said , wait a minute . I made a speech . I looked out . The a massive field of people , it looked a massive field of people a million   —    a million and a half people . They showed the networks field where there were practically nobody standing there . And they said the networks ‘ Donald Trump did not draw well . ’ "   He added Donald Trump " We have the networks that ’s amazing because we had the networks looked   —    honestly , it looked like a million and a half people . Whatever it was , it was . But it went it the way back to the Washington Monument . And I turn on [ the tv ] and by mistake I get this network , and it showed this network empty field . " " So , we caught the networks , this network he said . " And we caught the networks in this network beauty , and I think they ’re this network to pay a big price . "   Trump went on to note yet another lie perpetuated by the media . Specifically , Zeke Miller of Time magazine falsely reported that Trump removed Trump bust of Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. from the Oval Office . The bust of the esteemed , late civil rights leader was never removed . ( President Barack Obama had removed the bust The bust of the esteemed, late civil rights leader Oval the Oval Office he moved in and replaced it with MLK President Barack Obama ’s ) . " In the Oval Office , the Oval Office beautiful statue of Dr. Martin Luther King , " Trump said . " And , I also happen to like Churchill   …      He does n’t come from our Winston Churchill but had a Winston Churchill do with it . He helped us , real ally . " Trump had requested Winston Churchill Churchill ’s bust be replaced in the Trump Office upon his Winston Churchill House . " But there was a cameraman that Winston Churchill right in front of it . So Zeke , Zeke from Time Magazine " wrote a fake news story , Trump said . " I would never do that . I have great respect Trump Dr. Martin Luther King . And it was right there . But this is how dishonest the media is . " Trump added , " I love honesty . I like honest reporting . " Trump And finally , he told the CIA , " I love you . I respect you . Trump ’s nobody I respect more . you ’re going to do a fantastic job . And we are going to start winning again , and you are going to lead the charge . Thank you . I ’ll be back . " White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer also pointed out the lies perpetuated by the media during his emergency press conference Saturday . " Some members of the media were engaged White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer deliberately false reporting , " Spicer said . " the media the Inauguration proceeding were intentionally framed in a White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer to minimize the enormous support it had gathered on the National Mall , " he said .   He noted the Inauguration proceeding how Miller of Time magazine " falsely White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer out that the White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer of MLK , Jr. had been removed from the Oval Office . " This was just plain wrong . " 
 