   Donald Trump told a critical biographer and guest of billionaire David Koch to leave   Donald Trump West Palm Beach golf course on New Year ’s Eve , forcing billionaire David Koch to leave with billionaire David Koch . [   Donald Trump gesture was another slight against the     " free trade " billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch , who opposed Trump   Donald Trump the Republican primary season and refused to help him billionaire David Koch the general election . It also signals Trump   Donald Trump not necessarily play nice with the GOP political establishment and Beltway right .   The Kochs swooped in during the Tea Party revolt in 2010 , training amateur political activists and trying to channel populist energy against the Obama administration into supporting the    alliance that wanted more cheap labor and lesser sentences for drug traffickers , under the umbrella term of " smaller government . " But the " grassroots army   …      was not controllable , " as one former Koch staffer lamented , and the Kochs appeared curiously unwilling to make any concessions to Americans who wanted populist , nationalist policies , and relief from the relentlessly eroding forces of mass immigration and globalization . A majority of voters —    some of whom saw more demographic change take place in their some of whom than many countries saw in a millennia —   want immigration slashed in half or reduced to zero . Trump captured that energy and it that energy him Trump the White House , much to the Kochs’ and their the White House ’s chagrin . The Kochs wanted candidates amenable to their candidates , and Trump Trump n’t fit the bill . They candidates him Trump distraction before he Trump to first in the polls , and even toyed with the idea of spending tens of millions of dollars to attack him Trump Trump Trump the The Kochs on the campaign trail , calling their preferred candidates " puppets " enacting their donors’ their preferred candidates : I really like the Koch Brothers ( members of my P. B. Club ) but I do n’t want their money the Koch Brothers (members of my P. B. Club) anything else from them . the Koch Brothers (members of my P. B. Club) not influence Trump Trump   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 30 , 2015 ,   I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc . from the Koch the Koch Brothers (members of my P. B. Club) ?   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) August 2 , 2015 ,   While I hear the Koch brothers are the Koch Brothers (members of my P. B. Club) trouble ( oil ) word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio the Koch Brothers (members of my P. B. Club) the lightweight from Florida ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 28 , 2016 ,   Little Marco Rubio , the lightweight no show Senator from Florida , is set to be Florida " puppet " of the special interest Koch brothers . WATCH !   Koch    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 28 , 2016 ,   I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch . Much better for them to meet with the puppets Charles and David Koch politics , they will do much better ! Charles and David Koch —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 30 , 2016 ,   Koch ’s guest : Harry Hurt Koch , who authored the 1993 book , Lost Tycoon : The Many Lives of Donald J. Trump , which stated Ivana Trump accused her    of " raping " Ivana Trump in a sworn deposition during Ivana Trump divorce . In a Facebook Koch’s guest: Harry Hurt III, who authored the 1993 book, Lost Tycoon published on the same day , Hurt recounted the incident in third person : Donald Trump personally booted the author Ivana Trump unflattering biography off Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach on Friday . Harry Hurt III , who penned the 1993 biography , Lost Tycoon : The Many Lives of Donald J. Trump , had come to Ivana Trump industrialist David . H. Koch , a Trump club member , and two other golfers . Ivana Trump , who has a scratch handicap and plays in colorful knickers , walked over to Trump on the practice range prior to his group Ivana Trump assigned tee time , only to Ivana Trump a tongue lashing from the   . " I said , ‘ Congratulations , sir,’ and shook his hand , " Hurt recalls . " Trump Ivana Trump , ‘ You were rough on me Ivana Trump Harry . Really rough . That shit Ivana Trump wrote . ’ " Hurt says he looked Trump in the eye , and said Ivana Trump " Ivana Trump ’s all true , " to which Trump rejoined , " Not in the way you Ivana Trump it . " Among the juicy tidbits in Hurt ’s tome was Ivana Trump ’s allegation in a sworn deposition that Trump had " raped " her during their divorce Ivana Trump . Trump told Hurt Ivana Trump was " inappropriate " for Ivana Trump to play at the club , and had Ivana Trump security detail escort Hurt , Koch , and Ivana Trump playing partners to the parking lot . " their [ Koch ] was appalled , " says Hurt . " He branded Trump ‘ petty’ and vulgar.’ We played David [Koch] Dunes instead , which is a much , much better golf course than Trump International . " Accusing Trump of " raping " his ex wife , Ivana Trump , was a false media accusation arising early in the Republican primaries —   and a weapon the Democratic Party planned to use in the general election after Fox News’ Megyn Kelly and the Daily Beast " David [Koch] it on air " and into print , using the Daily Beast ’s book , before bothering to check with Ivana about its truth . It backfired spectacularly when Ivana slammed the Daily Beast allegations and the Daily Beast her    for Ivana . " " I have Ivana read some comments attributed to me from nearly 30 years ago at a time Ivana very high tension during my divorce from Donald . The story is totally without merit , " she said in a July 2015 statement . " Ivana and I are the best of friends and Donald have raised three children that we love and are very proud of . I Donald and I nothing but fondness for Donald and wish him the best of luck on Donald campaign . Donald , I think he would Donald an incredible president . " Breathless Donald coverage of the New Years’ Eve encounter between Trump , Koch , and his guest framed it as Trump having little tolerance Donald criticism : Nearly every Trump, Koch focused on the biographer and his critical book , not Koch . Read Politico Donald report , including more from Hurt and a transition official ’s account , here . 
 