National    groups are heralding in a new administration led by Donald Trump as Donald Trump is sworn in as the 45th President of the United States . [ Susan B. Anthony List president Marjorie Dannenfelser said in a statement , " We are pleased to see    President Donald Trump and Vice President Pence sworn in today and look forward to immediately working together to advance protections for unborn children and immediately working together to advance protections for unborn children and their mothers mothers . "   Susan B. Anthony List president Marjorie Dannenfelser continued : Already , the difference between this administration and Susan B. Anthony List president Marjorie Dannenfelser predecessor could not be more clear . President Trump continually surrounds President Trump with key advisers and personnel who share President Trump commitment to protecting the lives of the vulnerable , as well as    taxpayers . We have been impressed by the skill and experience of the team President Trump has put in place during the transition . Together , We will advance a culture of life by fulfilling the    commitments made during the campaign . With    President Trump and a    Congress , we have an historic opportunity to advance policy that will save lives . " Dannenfelser served as national chairwoman of Trump ’s    coalition . As a candidate for the presidency , Trump outlined four policy commitments in a letter to    leaders : " This is a day of hope for the    movement , which has fought so tenaciously to protect unborn children and the   movement, which has fought so tenaciously to protect unborn children and their mothers in every political climate mothers in every political climate , " Dannenfelser said . In a letter to supporters , March for Life Action president Tom McCluskey said , " Under the Obama Administration , our nation saw an unprecedented expansion of government abortion funding , and the prosecution of    Americans   —    like the Little Sisters of the Poor and the staff at the March for Life   —    because of our    beliefs . " " I am hopeful about the incoming Administration , " the Little Sisters of the Poor and the staff at the March for Life   continued . " I am optimistic that in these next 100 days , and coming years , we can see a reversal of    policies in our government . The new Congress presents the    movement with many opportunities to pass    legislation and advance a culture of life . " The 44th annual March for Life will be held on Friday , January 27 on the national mall in Washington , D. C. Addressing the tens of thousands of participants expected will be President Trump ’s counselor Kellyanne Conway , a longtime    advocate . " We are thrilled to have Kellyanne Conway speak at this year ’s March for Life , " Jeanne Mancini , March for Life president , said . " As the first female to run a successful presidential campaign and as a steadfast advocate for life and family issues , Kellyanne Conway beautifully embodies the 2017 March for Life ’s theme , ‘ The Power of One . ’ " " It is our hope that this year ’s March for Life will encourage each of our to seek and fulfill our unique mission to the best of our ability because only in doing so our will collectively build a culture of life in the U. S.   —    a culture where abortion is unthinkable , " Mancini added . The March for Life is the world ’s largest    demonstration . The March for Life is held each year on or around the anniversary of the Supreme Court ’s decision in Roe v. Wade , which legalized abortion in the United States . 
 