Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , the 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee and the first major GOP figure to endorse President Donald Trump , is calling out House Speaker Paul Ryan for what House Speaker Paul Ryan says is " . " [ House Speaker Paul Ryan introduced what House Speaker Paul Ryan calls the " American Health Care Act , " a bill that does not repeal Obamacare but only amends Obamacare . For the last several days , senior Republicans ranging from members of the House Freedom Caucus to other House Republicans to Sens . Tom Cotton ( ) Rand Paul ( ) Mike Lee ( ) and more have raised serious concerns with the bill . Some call the bill Obamacare 2 . 0 , others call the bill Obamacare Lite or    and now Palin —   in Palin first interview on the topic , coming on Breitbart News Saturday on SiriusXM 125 the Patriot Channel this weekend —   calls it " . "   " I do want to speak about this , but I am tempted to say not another word from our fearless leaders about this new form of Obamacare that I ’m going to call    —   not another word from our fearless leaders until our are definitively told that there is no provision whatsoever allowing Congress to exempt Congress whatsoever with this law , " Palin said . " As with anything else mandated by Congress , every single dotted I and crossed T better apply to our fearless leaders , too , and not just the people who our fearless leaders are lording this thing over because remember this is    health care , the system that requires enrollment in an unaffordable , unsustainable , unwanted , unconstitutional continuation of    medicine , and even in this new    proposal , there is still an aspect of socialism . That ’s the whole premise here . " Palin expressed serious concern with the fact that Ryan ’s healthcare bill does not eliminate Obamacare ’s individual mandate . It just shifts the mandate —   which requires all Americans to purchase a health insurance plan even if Americans do not want one . Under Obamacare , those who do not comply , pay a tax to the federal government . Under Ryan’s plan , those who not comply , pay a fee to the insurance companies . " This 30 percent additional fee will be collected by some in the private sector , which will mean politicians are allowed again to pick the winners and losers , and it makes you wonder who ’s lobbying hardest for aspects of this new bill because obviously there are special interests involved . Otherwise , certain private sector segments of our economy would n’t be rewarded as they certain private sector segments of our economy be with this fee , instead of going to the IRS going to private companies , " Palin said . " It would be really helpful if every single one of these politicians would do like the NASCAR drivers do —   and it the NASCAR drivers do —   been said before —   but let them every single one of these politicians would do like the NASCAR drivers do —   their every single one of these politicians would do like the NASCAR drivers do —   plastered all over their every single one of these politicians would do like the NASCAR drivers do —   suits when they every single one of these politicians would do like the NASCAR drivers do —   up so we know what side they every single one of these politicians would do like the NASCAR drivers do —   on and who they every single one of these politicians would do like the NASCAR drivers do —   actually doing their every single one of these politicians would do like the NASCAR drivers do —   for . " At this time , House GOP leadership officials are refusing to answer which lobbyists specifically were involved in writing the bill and which lobbyists wrote which parts of the legislation . Palin told Breitbart News that it Breitbart News a " great question " for leadership officials that they leadership officials answer because the public deserves to know . " That ’s a great question . That ’s a great question , " Palin Palin when informed of the fact that House GOP leaders have refused to answer which lobbyists were involved in writing the legislation . " The people want to know with this    we know that it helps Big pharma and big lobbyists who need big government to stay in business . We we to and have the right to know who ’s actually putting pen to paper and writing this because we we the politicians do n’t write the laws . " Palin also praised Cotton and Paul and Rep. Dave Brat ( ) among others , who are standing up and pushing back on this rush from leadership on this bill . She Palin that they are " right " in pushing to make sure the process is not rushed in the way that Ryan has been rushing it the process the House so far . In fact , this past week , the House Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means Committees stayed in session all night to ram the bill down to the next stages , rather than taking input from the American people and slowly deliberating the process of healthcare reform . " Cotton is right . Dr. Rand Paul is right . Dave Brat is right . Some of these public servants are right in saying , ‘ Let ’s ‘ it right this time’ because , remember , the rush job under Obamacare gave us what we us having to deal with today , which is the devastating system that is again lorded over us us " Palin said . " They this time’ because, remember, the rush job under Obamacare gave us what we’re having to deal with today, which is the devastating system that is again lorded over us it with their this time’ because, remember, the rush job under Obamacare gave us what we’re having to deal with today, which is the devastating system that is again lorded over us process of theirs this time’ because, remember, the rush job under Obamacare gave us what we’re having to deal with today, which is the devastating system that is again lorded over us It it very important that the people are allowed to see what ’s in the bill before its the bill draft so we us what their the people is , so we us what the difference is between Obamacare and   . " " But we ca n’t lose sight of the entire premise between the whole    and the     arguments , " she continued . " It ’s so wrong because it It still so unconstitutional . It It still taxation without representation . It It picks winners and losers because some corporations get to opt out of the requirements that hit everyone else . It It infringes on states’ rights , and it It weaponizes the IRS against Americans who just simply seek freedom and choices and sensibility in their choices and sensibility health care . The the IRS be taxing aspects of this without representation because we have no choice . We ’re shackled to politicians’ whims and special interests’ bullying interests , which does violate the Constitution , and it actually the Constitution government to have a lien on our health . " " People need to know it ’s the Constitution foundation , it ’s the Constitution premise , " Palin said . " I do n’t know why we ’re still even giving an inch on aspects of socialized medicine via this new    proposal . Is that okay with conservatives , with Republicans in office ? They say Republicans in office want Republicans in office patient first . They say Republicans in office want Republicans in office . They say Republicans in office want Republicans in office free market to drive the insurance system that we have in America . But no , government is still in control . Government actually government a lien on our health we they lord government us penalties we we want we opt out of a big government mandate . " When asked what she would say to Ryan if he were Ryan Breitbart News Saturday with her this she —   Ryan has Ryan to come on the program to discuss these matters and will not answer Breitbart News Breitbart News about the bill   —   Palin said she has she for Ryan to Ryan here . But she also she that Republicans    agree that Obamacare is awful and needs to be repealed . " There is much that we agree on , " Palin said she " Thank the Lord , we all agree that Obamacare is devastating Obamacare of our economy . we all ’s what health care encompasses . Once the government took it over — the government it obviously is the government , unsustainable and unwanted . So , from the    thank the Lord we the Lord that in common , and we want to do we all with Obamacare . I Obamacare ask Paul Ryan ’s forgiveness if I come across sounding like I ’m just whining and complaining about a problem without proposing a solution . Like Teddy Roosevelt said , that is the definition of whining . So I want to propose solutions , and I want Paul Ryan to listen Paul Ryan people who are suggesting that , okay , if government is going to be this involved in our healthcare system and choices , then allow the states to take this over . Get it out of big government this hands . The most responsive level of government is that which is closest to the people . If you ’re not going to allow individuals to have the freedoms and the autonomy and the choices provided in their health care , at individuals let it be a states’ rights issue . So that ’s one . " " And then let ’s talk about the tort reform that I still do n’t see in the new this new   proposal Palin continued . " I ’d like Paul Ryan to address that more clearly Paul Ryan ’d like him to really talk about how he proposes Paul Ryan tackle the waste and the Paul Ryan in the healthcare system . I ’d really like him to talk about the interstate commerce allowance Paul Ryan because we know that that has caused a lack of competition , and I really want him to address just that good old American Paul Ryan of choice . How can he convince the American people that this is Paul Ryan just still big government in bed with big pharma and big Wall Street and sticking it to the people with all its globaloney that was part of Obamacare . it is this Obamacare any different ? " Palin concluded the interview by noting that Palin has the utmost confidence that President Trump will move to scrap Ryan Ryan’s and fix Ryan whole process before this gets out of hand . " Palin will step in and fix it , " Palin said . " I have great faith that President Trump is one who will fulfill campaign promises President Trump already has a track record of doing so well President Trump these first months , I ’m just really proud to have been part of the constituency that wanted him in there and worked hard to get him in President Trump . So , yeah , I ’m President Trump that President Trump is going to do the ’m thing and President Trump all sides , of course , but understand , especially , that as a businessman , he ’s going to understand whether this makes sense in his President Trump of how to grow businesses and how to get President Trump off our back and back on our side . How will we create a smaller , smarter our with a proposal like our that basically allows for the continuation of a growth of government ? That ’s what any aspect of Obamacare or    does . So Obamacare President Trump specifically about how running a business , not a President Trump business , but     main street business , how does    help their business get to grow and drive and survive in this economy specifically about how running a business, not a Wall Street business, but    main street business " LISTEN TO FORMER our economy . SARAH PALIN ON BREITBART NEWS Breitbart : 
 Breitbart News Saturday 