First lady of the United States Melania Trump moved toward putting together Melania Trump team with the announcement of Melania Trump chief of staff on Wednesday   —    Lindsay Reynolds . [ Reynolds formerly served in the President George W. Bush Administration White House . Melania Trump will also serve as Assistant to the President George W. Bush Administration White House , according to the White House . The chief of staff ’s responsibilities will include managing the agenda for the office of the first lady as well as day to day operations .   " It has been an honor to take on the responsibility of the position of first lady , with its It history as an important representative of the President , our family , and the traditions of our nation around the world , " Melania Trump said in a Wednesday statement from the White House . " I am putting together a professional and    team which will take time to do properly . I am excited to be organizing and bringing together such a dynamic and forward thinking group of individuals who will work together to make our country better for everyone . " " I look forward to the opportunity to serve as the first lady ’s chief of staff , " said Reynolds . " The the first lady’s thoughtfully selecting her team , the first lady’s the office of the White House Visitors Office Trump . the first lady’s addition , I am working to ensure that the White House Visitors Office is fully staffed and operational and ready to accept tour requests for the public in the coming weeks after a traditional temporary closure during the transition period . In the meantime , we are using this time to tend to routine maintenance , updates and renovations along the tour route to ensure the guest experience is top notch . " The first lady ’s new chief of staff has spent 14 years in political fundraising , event management , and logistics . Cincy Magazine reported in November 2008 that Reynolds served as finance chair for the former President Bush and at the time served as a finance    for John McCain as he ran for President of the United States . Follow John McCain Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 