WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    Tom Perez , former Barack Obama labor secretary and establishment Democrat , was elected as the chairman of the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) in Atlanta on Saturday as the party slid into chaos over the course of nearly six hours . [ While Perez made history Saturday becoming the first Latino leader of the Democratic Party , those present experienced ,    the deepening of divisions that have mired    since Election Day .   Perez Perez was indicative of the Democratic Party ’s refusal to heed the voices of its constituents’ the Democratic Party’s for change . " It ’s going to be a major problem " if Perez wins Perez Jane Flemming Keeb , chair of the Nebraska Democrats , said in an interview with The Young Turks . Former Bernie Sanders for President campaign manager called Perez a Perez candidate of the insider " : Jeff Weaver says if @TomPerez ( " candidate of the insider the insider wins DNC race , it ’ll " @TomPerez ("candidate of the insider") wins DNC race a horrible message to millions   millions of people . "   —    Ruby Cramer ( @rubycramer ) February 24 , 2017 , Perez called Perez a motion to suspend the DNC rules as he called Perez appoint Keith Ellison deputy chair of the DNC . The motion , a motion to suspend the DNC rules as he called to appoint Keith Ellison deputy chair of the DNC overwhelming approval , was granted . " The silence is deafening . The motion passes , a motion to suspend the DNC rules as he called to appoint Keith Ellison deputy chair of the DNC said Perez the absence of any " nay " votes after those assembled voiced their " ayes . " those assembled received Perez votes , while Ellison received 200 . Sen. Keith Ellison Sanders ( ) who endorsed Ellison , congratulated Perez on Perez victory but implored him Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) who endorsed Ellison steer away from Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) who endorsed Ellison establishment roots : At Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) who endorsed Ellison time when Republicans control the White House , the U. S. House , U. S. Senate and    of all statehouses , it is imperative that Tom understands that the      is not working and that we must open the doors of the party to working people the Democratic Party people in a way that has never been done before . Now , more than ever , the Democratic Party must make it clear that it is prepared to stand up the Democratic Party the 1 percent and lead this country forward in the fight for social , racial , economic and environmental justice . However , one of the key issues on Sanders’ platform , removing the use of lobbyist funds and its influence in politics , fell Sanders’ deaf ears . A measure that would have reinstituted a ban on corporate lobbyists lining the pockets of the DNC to buy influence , was voted down . The measure was initially put in A measure that would have reinstituted a ban on corporate lobbyists lining the pockets of the DNC to buy influence former President Barack Obama : Dems punt on reinstituting corporate lobbyist donations ,   —    Jonathan Easley ( @JonEasley ) February 25 , 2017 ,   The fight over the measure signaled the fight between the A measure that would have reinstituted a ban on corporate lobbyists lining the pockets of the DNC to buy influence of the party and the more    wing . The measure to ban corporate lobbyists was introduced A measure that would have reinstituted a ban on corporate lobbyists lining the pockets of the DNC to buy influence House Minority Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( ): We ’re not giving up ! Already hearing from colleagues ready to give corp $ ban another go with new # DNCChair + officers . # marchon # persist https :   .    —    ( ( ( sfpelosi ) ) ) ( @sfpelosi ) February 25 , 2017 ,   Following the vote , outgoing and interim DNC Chairwoman Donna Brazile declared , " We are Democrats ! " Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. ’s daughter outgoing and interim DNC Chairwoman Donna Brazile Rev. Bernice King , spoke directly after the Democrats voted to keep corporate lobbyist money in the party . She implored the Democratic Party to unify , saying that the Democratic Party " daughter, Rev. Bernice King secret there ’s division even within this camp " and the Democratic Party party members to " lay aside those things that divide you to find common ground . " After telling the story of a little boy whose father asked him why he was laughing as they both sat in a boat with a whose father on whose father side in the middle of the water , King said , " There a boat a hole in the boat called these United States of America . " Her message seemed to suggest that if one wing of the Democratic Party goes down , so will the other . Brazile delivered her final speech as party leader . " The Trump administration must be investigated Her and please continue this work " probing the " Russian hack of the election , " she said . The drama continued as Ellison ’s team allegedly presented false information Her garner votes : Mayor of South Bend , Indiana , Pete Buttigieg dropped out of the race and did not endorse a candidate . However , Ellison ’s campaign made false claims that they had Buttigieg ’s endorsement : Buttigieg Ellison’s personally backstage to complain about text Ellison’s campaign to Pete Buttigieg saying he supported Pete Buttigieg . https :   .    —    Greg Krieg ( Ellison ) Ellison 25 , 2017 ,   Congratulations to newly elected DNC Chair @TomPerez   —    looking forward to joining you and all who share our values to grow our party !   —    Pete Buttigieg ( @PeteButtigieg ) February 25 , 2017 , our Saturday ’s vote was largely seen as a litmus test for the party ’s style of leadership going forward the vote for Perez represents the Barack Obama our party wing , which is seen as more establishment . However , Ellison ’s appointment as deputy chair maintains the base of the progressive wing of the party , which includes Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) and Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) . Labor our party back Perez . Several of the unions that endorsed Ellison over Perez were the American Federation of Teachers the National Perez Association the Service Employees International Union the American Federation Perez State , County , and Municipal Employees and UNITE HERE , a union representing thousands of culinary and hospitality workers . The Republican National Committee issued a statement on Perez ’s victory . " The Democrat Party has lost touch with the American people . Voters spoke loud Perez clear last November that they wanted a change in Washington and to reverse the failed policies of the last eight years . " Voters continued : By selecting a D. C. insider , Democrats only create deeper divisions within their own party by pushing a far left agenda that rejects a majority of their base outside Washington . Democrats DNC would be    to learn from two straight election cycle losses , Democrats the leaders Washington their party to listen to what the voters want , and get to work with Republicans to fix the The DNC they created . In his victory speech , Perez touted the notion of unity . " We are all Republicans this together , Perez he said , as he called on his fellow Democrats to fight " the worst president in the history Perez the United States Perez " " Perez need a chair who can not only take the fight to Donald Trump , but make sure that we talk about our positive message of inclusion and opportunity and talk to that big tent of the Democratic We , " We said . Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz . 
 Perez 