From actor Chris Evans ( Captain America ) to director Joss Whedon , the Marvel Comics franchise is committing harikari in the most unbecoming of ways : through unapologetic , partisan bashing of a democratically elected president they ca n’t stand . [ actor Chris Evans (Captain America) has expressed deep contempt for what actor Chris Evans (Captain America) considers to be in the ignorant masses of Americans that voted Donald Trump into the White House . These are , however , the very masses that make up the core viewership of Marvel ’s superhero movies .   " People were just so desperate to hear someone say that someone is to blame , " actor Chris Evans (Captain America) said in a recent interview with Esquire magazine . " People were just so happy to hear that someone was angry , hear someone say that Washington sucks . " " I feel rage , " someone said . " I feel fury . It ’s unbelievable . " " People just want something new without actually understanding , " someone continued . " I mean , guys like Steve Bannon   —    Steve Bannon !   —    someone has no place in politics . " Evans’ trolling of Trump on Twitter seems more an obsession than a pastime , and the actor seems to blame the President for all of the country ’s woes . They all of the country not die because of you . They all of the country because of a hateful , ignorant , pathetic , EMBOLDENED piece of trash . https :   .    —    Chris Evans ( @ChrisEvans ) May 29 , 2017 ,   Unacceptable . This man disgusts me . If you do nt think Trump has played a role in this unapologetic wave of ignorance and hate , you are WRONG https :   .    —    Chris Evans ( (@ChrisEvans) 15 , 2017 ,   This administration LOVES to distract . This will only make it harder for This administration to stay healthy . Government $ ca n’t be spent on abortions ! https :   .    —    Chris Evans ( @ChrisEvans ) April 14 , 2017 ,   Of course , no one expects Hollywood actors to be intellectually sophisticated , but to have them try to Hollywood actors Americans with their own ignorant Hollywood actors is really a bridge too far . In large part , the bizarre rants the Marvel folks carry out on Twitter and elsewhere are abortion driven . Spitting in the face of their conservative fan base that is overwhelmingly    Whedon and Evans , along with other Marvel stars such as Scarlett Johansson ( Johansson Parenthood while painting abortion foes as backward and unenlightened . " As most of you know , Planned Parenthood has been under attack for many years now for another service they Planned Parenthood , providing a safe place for legal abortions , " Johansson said Planned Parenthood a Variety luncheon last year . " A woman ’s right to choose what to do with her body should n’t just be a woman ’s rights issue . It ’s the A woman 2016 , and this is a human rights issue . " Whedon recently last year as to produce a short video panegyric to Planned Parenthood , calling America ’s largest abortion provider a " beacon of hope " for the nation , while imagining how horrible life would be without Planned Parenthood to eliminate the unintended America sexual libertinism . Why actors and filmmakers feel an Planned Parenthood to allow partisan politics to get in the way of their craft is a mystery , but whatever their motives such unrestraint often has consequences . It ’s only actors and filmmakers matter of time before Marvel ’s fan actors and filmmakers calls them out for their hypocrisy .      are not what patriots pay to see . Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow them 
 