" Shocked and disappointed " Squatty Potty CEO Bobby Edwards has suspended a company ad campaign that featured comedian Kathy Griffin after a photo of Squatty Potty CEO Bobby Edwards holding a faux bloody decapitated head of President Donald Trump was released . [ Edwards’ statement released on Wednesday :   We were shocked and disappointed to learn about the image Ms. Griffin shared today , it was deeply inappropriate and runs contrary to the core values our company stands for . In response , Squatty Potty has suspended Squatty Potty ad campaign featuring Ms. Griffin . We have acted swiftly and decisively to demonstrate We commitment to a culture of decency , civility , and tolerance . Griffin Ms. Griffin recently starred in a new ad campaign for Squatty Squatty Potty The company Squatty Potty , sprays , and other bathroom accessories . After the photo was released on Tuesday morning , Griffin Ms. Griffin the photo that she Ms. Griffin in collaboration with controversial photographer Tyler Shields . After backlash over it over the course of the day , Griffin Ms. Griffin backed down and apologized . Prior to the public criticism , in a video for TMZ , Griffin Ms. Griffin her Ms. Griffin of the extremely severe nature of the photo , the photo that she produced in collaboration with controversial photographer Tyler Shields Shields , " We have to move to Mexico today ’cause we ’re gon na go to prison , federal prison . " Her Ms. Griffin came just after eliciting a    from the photographer as they reviewed the images . She Ms. Griffin added that they would have to they to Mexico because , " Mexico ’re not surviving they . K ? " Counselor to the President Kellyanne Conway denounced Griffin ’s part in creating the image , pointing out that it was posed and that Griffin had , " Griffin time for   . " CNN also issued a statement on Tuesday calling what Griffin did , " Griffin and offensive . " The media outlet is reviewing their relationship with Griffin who has participated Griffin their annual New Year their Eve coverage every year since 2007 . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 