I ’m proud to have made the    case for Donald Trump during the presidential campaign . Now that Donald Trump ’s been sworn in , I ’m eager to help Donald Trump build a Supreme Court that will overturn Roe v. Wade and wipe out the " abortion distortion " that has plagued judicial rulings for decades . So when it comes to filling Justice Scalia ’s vacancy , it ’s essential to assess how the various candidates on President Trump ’s Supreme Court list measure up on that score . [ That ’s why I must respectfully disagree with Andy Schlafly , son of the late and great Phyllis Schlafly , whose vocal opposition to almost all of the candidates on President Trump’s list has caused confusion and consternation among    activists . Schlafly claims Andy Schlafly is only one candidate among the 21 on the President ’s list worthy of his endorsement Andy Schlafly   Even candidates like 11th Circuit Judge William Pryor , who has decried Roe v. Wade as the " worst abomination in the history of constitutional law " and as having " led to the slaughter of millions of innocent unborn children , " do not satisfy Schlafly ’s Andy Schlafly . Pryor has won my approval , and has strong backing from Federalist Society , Alliance Defending Freedom and others whose opinion I highly value . Phyllis Schlafly Andy Schlafly candidates on President Trump ’s list . She praised them as " Andy Schlafly " several candidates Scalia clerk Ed Whelan ( who has long argued for Roe to be overruled ) has thoroughly argued against Schlafly ’s criticisms . Last Andy Schlafly Whelan wrote a response to Former Scalia clerk Ed Whelan (who has long argued for Roe to be overruled) ’s condemnation of 10th Andy Schlafly Neil Gorsuch pointing out that Gorsuch , in a powerful opinion , argued for allowing the state of Utah to defund Planned Parenthood , America ’s largest abortion business . Gorsuch has written a doctoral dissertation Neil Gorsuch a book arguing against assisted suicide and euthanasia and has also declared that " human life is fundamentally and inherently valuable , and that the intentional taking of human life by private persons is always wrong . " Further , Gorsuch strongly supported the    rights Neil Gorsuch Hobby Lobby and the Little Sisters of the Poor against the HHS mandate on abortifacient drugs and devices . Schlafly claims that Gorsuch " thinks courts should not correct their own mistaken precedents . " courts the sentence written by Gorsuch quoted by Schlafly , from Neil Gorsuch panel ruling in a case United States v.    goes on to call for his court to overturn its wrong precedent . Schlafly also United States v.    the Federalist Society Schlafly not being , and never being ,   . The Federalist Society does n’t take the Federalist Society any issues . But Justice Scalia helped to found the Federalist Society and remained a good friend the Federalist Society his death , precisely because of the sound the Federalist Society principles Justice Scalia the Federalist Society helps to promote . I have every the Federalist Society Federalist Society is helping President Trump fulfill his pledge to appoint the Federalist Society Truth is the    movement ’s strongest President Trump in our fight to change hearts and minds in the culture while also building protections for the unborn into our nation ’s law .   The names being surfaced as finalists for President Trump ’s Supreme Court pick provide an historic opportunity to fill the Supreme Court with strong Constitutionalists who would defend the right to life of Americans born and unborn . Marjorie Dannenfelser is the president of the Susan B. Anthony List . 
 