President Donald Trump will decide whether to keep the United States in the Paris climate agreement after a meeting of leading industrial nations later this month . [ White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters about the new timeline Tuesday .   " President Donald Trump has been meeting with his President Donald Trump for quite a while on this matter , and he President Donald Trump not be making an announcement regarding that the Paris climate agreement after he President Donald Trump from the " Spicer said White House press secretary Sean Spicer referring to the Group of Seven meeting scheduled for May    in Italy . He President Donald Trump , " The reason that he President Donald Trump seeking the advice of his President Donald Trump is to get options and then he President Donald Trump pursue the best one . But I ’m not going to tell you which one that he President Donald Trump going to do . " Spicer ’s White House press secretary Sean Spicer came the same day that a team of White House officials delayed discussions on whether to withdraw from the Paris agreement or stay in the global accord . President Trump promised to withdraw from the Paris the Paris agreement presidential campaign . President Trump White House White House Bannon and Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt argued against staying in the Paris agreement . Paris the Paris agreement , Jared Kushner , and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson argue that the United States should remain in the Paris accord . The Paris world leaders will lobby Trump to stay in the Paris climate agreement at Paris    meeting the Paris agreement all the other    members —   Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , and the European Union all support the agreement . Sean Spicer said , " The president wants the Paris agreement to meet with his team    …      meet with not just the economic piece The president but his environmental team , and come to a decision on what ’s The president best interests of the United States , using the expertise that surrounds him . " 
 The president 