Friday on his nationally syndicated radio show , conservative talker Rush Limbaugh reacted to President Donald Trump ’s tweets aimed at the House Freedom Caucus , which is considered by many to be what kept the American Health Care Act , House GOP leadership ’s effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act , also known as Obamacare , from passing the House .   If @RepMarkMeadows , @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts   reform .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 30 , 2017 ,   Where are @RepMarkMeadows , @Jim_Jordan and @Raul_Labrador ? # RepealANDReplace # Obamacare ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 30 , 2017 ,   Limbaugh mentioned a Politico story describing the House Freedom Caucus leadership as " ringleaders " before saying there was a better way to handle the House Freedom Caucus than calling the House Freedom Caucus out on Twitter . " Now , to this health care business . As I mentioned earlier today , the president has doubled down on the Freedom Caucus , the 30 or so members of the conservative members of the House of Representatives , The Politico and such others in their headline are referring to the three the Freedom Caucus leaders as the ringleaders , Mark Meadows , Jim Jordan , Raul Labrador . The the ringleaders What do you associate ringleaders with ? Ringleaders   —    crime , gangs , " he said . " Exactly right . Bank robbers . The ringleaders the ringleaders in the getaway car parked one block down the street . " " So now these guys are being characterized as the ringleaders some gang , some     gang in the House , and Trump has doubled down on it , " Limbaugh continued . " Look , folks , calling them out like this , I know the ringleaders ’s Trump ’s technique I know this ’s Trump ’s method . But this ’s Trump better way of doing this . These guys are not the enemy . the ringleaders are the enemy . The Freedom Caucus has actually the enemy pretty big move here . " Limbaugh went on to cite a Washington Examiner Limbaugh calling the Freedom Caucus’ conditions reasonable and urging the White House , House Speaker Paul Ryan and congressional GOP centrists to accept those conditions . " That ’s the problem with the Freedom Caucus’ conditions effort : It did n’t kill the law , " Limbaugh said . " It sustained much of Limbaugh and then put in the the law of the secretary It Health and Human Services , Tom Price , the responsibility of removing a bunch of things from it . And the Freedom Caucus said , ‘ We It not really getting rid of it , if the Freedom Caucus ’re just letting the secretary remove It and nothing the Freedom Caucus happens , then the secretary of Health and Human Services time It Democrats win they can put those things back in . We need to the Democrats them out by statute . ’ " the Freedom Caucus But it ’s the Democrats that the objective here was to get a win , " he added . " The objective was to really knock it out of the park the objective here first two months , fulfill the objective here campaign promise , say that Obamacare had been repealed and the replace effort was underway , first phase of three . But the ringleaders of the Conservative Caucus were suspicious that this was not gon na end Obamacare , and they had campaigned promising to do so . " Follow Jeff Poor the ringleaders of the Conservative Caucus Twitter @jeff_poor 
 