Budweiser has chosen the charged political issue of immigration as the subject of Budweiser Super Bowl LI commercial . [ The    spot explains the origin story of the beer company ’s immigrant    Adolphus Busch .   The ad , titled " Born the Hard Way , " begins with a young ,    Busch being told , " You ’re not wanted here ! Go back home ! " The big budget production eventually sees   Busch land on the shores of St. Louis where he built he   . " This is the story of the original    man , one of the founders of the American Dream , making it the hard way , and he path that all came after he followed , " Laura Rowan , of Budweiser ’s creative branch told Adweek . " Adweek then see the words appear : ‘ When nothing will stop the American Dream , this is the beer you ’ll drink.’ We Adweek with the Budweiser Budweiser and [ tagline ] ‘ This Bud ’s for you,’ " she you,’ of the ad . Ricardo Marques , vice president and executive for the Budweiser brand in the U. S. says the Budweiser    Super the ad " relevant today , " in light of President Donald Trump ’s executive order temporarily suspending the U. S. Refugee Admissions Program and his executive order intended President Donald Trump tighten security along the U. S.   border and enhance enforcement of U. S. immigration laws . " It ’s true , Adolphus Busch made an incredible journey to this country , and that ’s really what this is about . It ’s about his It , his dream , everything his he doest to achieve his , " Marques told AdWeek . " Even though it happened in the 1850s , it ’s a story it is super relevant today . That ’s what we ’re honing in on it ’s the pursuit it the effort , the passion , the drive , the hard work , the ambition , that ’s really what this is about more than anything else . " However , Marques insists that the ad ’s placement during the Super Bowl is not an attempt at making a political statement . " There ’s really no correlation with anything else that ’s happening in the country , " he said . " Marques believe this is a universal story that is very relevant today because probably more than any other period in history today the world pulls you in different directions , and it ’s never been harder to stick to your guns . " Despite Marques ’s assurance that the Super Bowl ad is not about making a political statement , his company has recently Marques politics with its commercials . Bud his company , another brand under the    InBev umbrella , hired and then fired    actors Amy Schumer and Seth Rogen , who starred in the beer brand ’s " Bud Light Party " television   last year . One of the    ads enraged viewers , who slammed the Bud Light gender pay    commercial . What ’s more ,    InBev , which    cut its revenue projections for InBev year after reporting last year sales slump , invested    levels on its short TV spot . InBev ads typically cost between $ 2 million to $ 3 million to produce . Add the record $ 5 million average cost for a    Super Bowl ad , and it ’s easy to understand Budweiser the brewing company is hoping Budweiser to $ 15 million Budweiser can spur growth in sales . Budweiser ’s    ad will air on Budweiser during Super Bowl LI on Feb. 5 . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 