U. S. Border Patrol agents in Laredo , Texas , met with U. S. Border Patrol agents in Laredo, Texas newly appointed chief to brief him on working conditions and morale of the agents working the busy sector . [ Representatives of National Border Patrol Council Local 2455 briefed their newly appointed chief . The local union represents the Laredo Sector , the fourth busiest sector along the southwest border regarding total apprehensions this fiscal year .   Agent Hector Garza , acting in his capacity as president of Local 2455 , spoke with Breitbart Texas on Tuesday about the meeting with Chief Vitiello . " He wanted Chief Vitiello hear directly from us about the condition of our sector us the morale of our men and women , " Garza said . " We told us about Garza dangers our agents us because of low manpower numbers . " " With the Rio Grande Valley ( RGV ) Sector right next door , many of the smugglers try to find a way around their increased the smugglers enforcement presence and sneak through our sectors , " he explained Garza " The RGV sector is by far the busiest in terms of apprehensions , and that pushes people in our direction . " During the first three months of FY 2017 , Border Patrol officials reported 22 , 643 arrests of illegal aliens in the RGV Sector alone . During that same period , the Laredo Sector saw 3 , 350 apprehensions . " Overtime would help make up for some of our shortfall in manpower , " Garza stated . " The lack of manpower has a direct impact on agent safety and our effectiveness in deterring crossings , making apprehensions , and stopping drug smuggling . " " If we do n’t have enough manpower , " he continued , " we do we have the agents to conduct apprehensions or agents available to provide backup for those who get attacked . This is a very real problem regarding agent safety . " " It also takes us longer to respond to lifesaving calls when migrants get trapped in the river or lost in the ranch fields and need assistance , " he affirmed he " This negatively impacts our ability to carry out our mission us " Breitbart Texas has reported extensively on the actions by agents in the Laredo Sector to save lives and rescue immigrants trapped in stash houses and    circumstances . " It ’s not just about manpower , " Garza continued . " We also us equipment and facility issues . For example , we need us improved vehicle maintenance facility to keep our patrol us on the border and out of the shop . " " All of these things affect the agents’ morale , " the union president continued . " Morale had been very low during the Obama Administration . It is much better since the election of President Trump and his executive orders calling for increased enforcement . Our men and women want to do their jobs Our men and women and we were Our allowed to do that before . " " We are Our about the opportunity to carry out our mission Our " he said his " If we can Our to work on some of these quality issues , morale will bounce back quickly . " Garza said the chief was very attentive to their message morale " He really Garza , " Garza stated Garza " He also Garza the door open for future communication and updates . He wants Garza know how we are Our . That is a significant change . " Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is Garza founding member of the Breitbart Texas team Breitbart Texas Follow him on Garza @BobPriceBBTX . ( Disclosure : Breitbart Texas sponsored Breitbart Texas Green Line podcast for the NBPC in an effort to provide a platform for agents to inform the public about the realities on the border and what Border Patrol agents face . Director Brandon Darby received an award from the Laredo chapter of the NBPC the NBPC work in Director Brandon Darby to defend and bring a voice to Border Patrol agents Border Patrol News assisted in covering funeral costs for a slain Border Patrol agent previously Border Patrol 
 