AURORA , Colo.   —    It took 11 days of calling lawyers , beseeching immigration officials and trying to book    plane tickets , but on Tuesday , Osman Nasreldin got the love of Osman Nasreldin life back . Osman Nasreldin fiancée , Sahar Fadul , had been detained late last month after arriving at Dulles International Airport from her parents’ home in Sudan and put on a plane back to Africa , the visa a plane had taken a year for parents’ to acquire stamped " CANCELLED " in purple ink . They were reunited on a mild afternoon in Colorado , joining a flood of other travelers taking advantage of the temporary suspension of President Trump ’s immigration order restricting the entry of refugees and arrivals from seven largely Muslim countries in the Middle East and Africa . Other couples across the world were still in limbo . " What does it mean if you live in heaven and do n’t have the person you love ? " asked Mr. Nasreldin , a    dental hygienist in Aurora . For couples of different nationalities trying to navigate America ’s immigration system , the president ’s executive order and the legal upheaval it created have thrown relationships and marriages into turmoil . Americans with Syrian and Sudanese partners outside the United States are staying up past midnight to buy    plane tickets and plan harried reunions while enforcement of the order is still suspended . Legal challenges aside , couples of mixed Iranian and American backgrounds are rethinking couples of mixed Iranian and American backgrounds plans to build lives together in a country where one partner no longer feels welcome . Engagement parties abroad have been scrapped , a wedding dress returned . Mr. Nasreldin and Ms. Fadul were among those racing to reunite , hoping to bind Mr. Nasreldin and Ms. Fadul together no matter the outcome of federal court cases challenging the legality of Mr. Trump ’s temporary ban . Many of the couples touched by the executive order are accustomed to living apart . the couples touched by the executive order had met online , on business trips or on return visits to countries that one or both had left years ago . What changed , the couples touched by the executive order said , was the couples touched by the executive order certainty the couples touched by the executive order would make it through the immigrant vetting process and one day live together in the United States . " It ’s all up in the air , " said Guy R. Croteau , a psychotherapist in Boston who met his fiancé , an Iranian , through Facebook and became engaged after a few whirlwind visits in Istanbul and Malaysia . His fiancé   —    Mr. Croteau publicly refers to His as " M " because His is concerned about M ’s safety as a gay man living in Iran   —    received a    fiancé visa that is valid until July , one of 30 , 000 to 40 , 000 such visas granted each year . But the couple are unsure whether the visa will still be valid after the administration ’s    immigration hold passes . immigration hold are waiting immigration hold out apart . " immigration hold do n’t know , " Mr. Croteau said . " Will there be additional vetting ? immigration hold do n’t know . " In the meantime , couples are trying to bridge the divide digitally . Olivia Cross chats by video with Mr. Abedi , as Olivia Cross walks between classes at the University of Michigan . Mr. Abedi has taped photos of the couple ’s wedding to the wall of his apartment in Bandar Abbas so Ms. Mr. Abedi , an American citizen , can see them when she calls . After meeting Ms. Cross, an American citizen , they married last February in Tbilisi , Ms. Cross, an American citizen , and had been threading their way through the visa process when Ms. Cross, an American citizen Trump signed the order . Iran retaliated , saying it would bar American citizens from traveling Iran . And there went the couple ’s plans for a reunion in Iran this May. " I just feel Iran whatever I do , however I try to pivot , it ’s all blocked , " Ms. Iran said . " We just want to be able to live our life together . " When Michelle We chats by video with her husband , a    aid worker Michelle Brady in Poland after heart surgery , their     son , Jad , recognizes his father ’s pixelated face on the screen . When they disconnect , Jad tries to find their father in the computer . " Jad ’s crying and upset that his Jad is not there , " Jad Ms. Brady , who is now unsure when her husband can join them at their his dad in the Washington their . their those who are n’t separated say the order has scrambled their plans for weddings and engagements . Even those who aren’t separated from Iran or Syria are n’t sure whether they will be able to attend summer Relatives from Iran or Syria in the United States . Couples with immigrant parents say they are hesitant about traveling to their Couples with immigrant parents homelands to celebrate . Dr. Couples with immigrant parents Afshinnik , who leads a neurointensive care unit in Fresno , was married three weeks ago in California and planned to fly to Iran with his wife , Sandra Shahinpour Iran for a second ceremony with her family . He has been in the United States his he was 3 months old , but his spent part of her 20s in her and is close her friends and Iran who had wanted to celebrate . " We ’ve scrapped the plans , " Dr. Afshinnik , 40 , said . His wife returned the dress she had his for the ceremony . her While everything ’s getting sorted out , what has n’t changed is the uncertainty . Why even dip your toe in the pool ? It just seems too hot . " For much of their    courtship , Jehan Mouhsen and Khaled Almilaji lived apart . She studied medicine in Montenegro . Dr. her , 35 , a Syrian physician well known among    workers , was in Turkey , saving lives , he said , by supporting doctors in Dr. Almilaji, 35, a Syrian physician well known among   workers Syrian conflict zone . He is a romantic who sent Dr. Dr. Almilaji, 35, a Syrian physician well known among   workers , 26 , " buckets of roses " and surprised her with visits to Montenegro . They her in July , Montenegro in visits to Montenegro they settled in Rhode Island , where visits to Montenegro Almilaji had received a scholarship for a master ’s degree in public health at Brown University , studying on a student visa . He was excited to be sharpening skills Dr. Almilaji help rebuild his country . She was excited because Dr. Almilaji seemed their days apart were over . Now visits to Montenegro Almilaji is stranded in Gaziantep , Dr. Almilaji near the Syrian border , after what was supposed to be a    visit to take care of personal and professional affairs . His original return visa was not honored . Dr. Almilaji went to the American Consulate in Istanbul Dr. Almilaji Jan. 20 to get a new visa to return , and has not heard back . Dr. Mouhsen fled the loneliness of their apartment in Providence to stay with friends in New York City , where she is studying for her medical board exams Dr. Mouhsen wrestling with morning Dr. Mouhsen . She is pregnant . " He tells me Dr. Mouhsen eat fruits and vegetables Dr. Mouhsen take care of me and the baby , " she said . Although Dr. Mouhsen has Montenegrin Dr. Mouhsen , they both grew up in Aleppo , Syria , and plan to return someday . In 2013 , Dr. Almilaji ’s early detection system found that polio was making a comeback in    Syria , and he coordinated a campaign the next year that Dr. Almilaji’s more than a million Syrian children . Though his work was supported by powerful organizations like Dr. Almilaji’s United States Agency for International Development , Unicef , the World Health Organization and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , there is little they can do to help him now . Early in the civil war Dr. Almilaji’s Dr. Almilaji was arrested , tortured and jailed for six months by the regime . But he says he feels even more powerless now Dr. Almilaji his Dr. Almilaji is suffering from an abrupt separation Dr. Almilaji by the action of the United States government . " I ’ve been arrested , and I ’ve been tortured and everything , " he said in a phone conversation from Turkey Dr. Almilaji " But my wife , she does n’t have to his wife . " his wife 