President Donald Trump is planning to hang a portrait of President Donald Trump electoral college win over Hillary Clinton in the White House , according to reports . [ A reporter for the One America News Network spotted a White House staffer walking through the building with a framed map of the electoral college victory .   " Spotted : A Map to be hung somewhere in the West Wing , " Trey Yingst , a reporter for the One America News Network tweeted . Spotted : A map to be hung somewhere in the West Wing pic . twitter .    —    Trey Yingst ( @TreyYingst ) May 11 , 2017 ,   Since his election victory , Donald Trump has regularly made reference to his Donald Trump college win , in which a 7 . 5 million popular vote landslide in the American heartland covered the map almost entirely red . In an interview with three Reuters journalists , Trump Donald Trump handed out maps of his Donald Trump college victory . " There were three of us in the an interview with three Reuters journalists he Donald Trump a copy for each of us , us said Jeff Mason , the agency ’s White House Correspondent . " It was just clear that the election remains very much on his Donald Trump . " Despite losing the popular vote to Hillary Clinton , Trump won the presidency after claiming 306 electoral college votes , compared to Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton . However , Trump has contended Trump he would have Trump the popular vote as well " if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally . " In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide , I won the popular vote the popular vote the millions of people who voted illegally ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) November 27 , 2016 ,   According to White House officials , Trump is expected Trump sign an executive order this week launching an investigation into potential voter fraud and voter suppression across America . The commission will be lead by Vice President Mike Pence and Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach . I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD , including those registered to vote in two states , those who are illegal and   …     .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) January 25 , 2017 ,   even , those registered to vote who are dead ( and many for a long time ) . Depending on results , we will strengthen up voting procedures !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) January 25 , 2017 ,   You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . com Ben Kew 