Friday on his nationally syndicated radio show , conservative talker Rush Limbaugh warned of a coming constitutional crisis should the certain federal judges continue to deny President Donald Trump the ability to institute President Donald Trump policies .   conservative talker Rush Limbaugh pointed to the precedent set by the federal judiciary ’s effort to deny President Donald Trump travel ban and argued it Trump’s travel ban lead to other limits on the President Donald Trump down the road . Partial transcript as follows ( courtesy of RushLimbaugh . com ) : We are on the verge of a genuine constitutional crisis because of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals opening the door for this Hawaii    judge to deny Trump ’s travel ban the second time going , and I want to get into detail as to what this really means and what the left is really doing here . It ’s not the left legal dispute . This is , as I said yesterday , is a silent coup that is taking place that I ’m sure has been strategized since before Trump was inaugurated Trump’s But the profound , devastating possibilities that result from this in terms of a president losing all constitutional   —    do you realize with this judge ’s ruling , I ’ll tell you where this is going . Let ’s say that ’m Trump decides Trump’s time in the near future that he needs to deploy Trump’s , and so he does , and Trump’s a leftist activist goes to a court , shops and finds a judge , like the guy in Hawaii , and claims that Trump said during the Trump’s that he was gon na Trump’s X Y , or Z , whatever , and the deployment of troops is not really for the stated purpose , and the judge could shut a judge ! This judge the stated purpose ruling has a judge    if the guy ’s not stopped , the guy in Hawaii Supreme Court does n’t overturn this , or if Trump does n’t just Trump’s it like Andrew Jackson did , then this ’re getting to the point where the president , because of the judiciary , will have totally lost constitutional authority to defend the country because of this little ruling in Hawaii that was This judge’s ruling idiotic notion that a presidential candidate on the campaign trial making statements is the equivalent of an inaugurated president stating policy . But even at that the judge does n’t have the right to do what he did ! He does n’t have the congressional right , he does n’t have the statutory right to do what he the judge , because the judge this judge shut Trump down because , the judge this judge ’s opinion , Trump is a bigot the judge And    means bigot the judge we are not going to allow our the judge represent us this way Trump essentially what this judge was saying . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 the judge we we 