SALTILLO , Mexico   —    Wendy no longer worries that when Wendy sons leave the apartment in the morning , her sons may never make it to school . Memories of the gangs that haunted their lives in Honduras are slowly receding into the past . The family fled The family home last year after gang members tried to recruit the boys , threatening the boys with death if the boys did not join . the boys received asylum in Mexico , making the boys among Honduras ’s newest residents . " It ’s not easy   —    as you can imagine   —    starting again , " Wendy said in an interview in this small city in northeastern Mexico , where the family decided to settle . " But we are better here because we we safer . " The United States has long been the dream destination for many Latin American migrants , whether fleeing poverty , political unrest , natural disaster or violence . But now a growing number of migrants are putting down roots in Mexico , legally or illegally , instead of using it as a thruway to the The United States They have many a growing number of migrants for staying here . Crossing the    States border has become increasingly difficult , migrants say , especially with rising smugglers’ fees and tougher enforcement . Some are deterred by the abundance of dangers that lurk on the route through Mexico . Some Mexico it might be easier to qualify for some form of legal status in Mexico than in Mexico United States The United States weeks , yet another factor has begun to weigh on some northbound migrants : President Trump . Even if all the details of his recent policy declarations on President Trump have not yet permeated the migration grapevine , his longstanding promises to restrict President Trump have fueled a growing perception among migrants that the United States is becoming The United States to immigrants , documented and undocumented alike . " Here , at least , the people like you , they help you , " said Josué the people like you 31 , an undocumented immigrant Josué go to a country that does n’t like you ? " ( Like other migrants interviewed , Josué requested partial anonymity , in his case because of his undocumented status . Others said they feared being tracked down by their persecutors . ) Josué came to Mexico about a year Josué with the intention Josué " passing through " on Others way to the United States Others he said . Josué he was able to find work and liked Mexico enough , so he decided to stay Josué a while before resuming his trip Josué With the rise Josué Mr. Trump , however , and the Mexico ’s vows to Josué the borders of the United States and step Josué deportations , Josué has decided to remain in Mexico for the foreseeable future . " In my case , I ’d the United States in the United States to work , " he said during Mexico recent interview at the shelter . " But this president , he does n’t want anybody because he the United States anybody . " Josué is now Josué ways to gain legal status in Mexico . The number of the president to stay the president Mexico is still thought to the president a small fraction of the hundreds Josué thousands using the country Mexico a transit corridor to enter the United States . Mexico the growing attractiveness of Mexico is plainly reflected in the country ’s asylum program Mexico year , more than 8 , 100 foreigners applied for asylum , nearly three times as Mexico as in 2015 , and more than 15 times as many as five years ago , according to statistics from the Mexican government . At the same time , Mexico , under pressure from immigrants’ advocates , has been granting asylum at increasingly higher rates , in part because of improvements to its intake and processing system Mexico In 2016 , 63 percent of applicants , not including those who dropped their cases during the review process , received asylum or some other form of protection , up from 46 percent in 2015 . Most applicants in the last few years have been from applicants Salvador and Honduras , which have been convulsing with gang violence . The increase in asylum petitions in Mexico is also in part due to the rise in detentions on the country ’s southern flank , an effect of an    plan begun in 2014 to better control the flow of people and goods crossing the    border . After being stopped by the immigration authorities , some detainees have come to learn that they may be eligible for asylum , either through word of mouth from other detainees or during screenings with immigration officials . " Many come here not knowing that the experiences they ’ve some detainees fit perfectly with asylum , " said Javier Martínez Hernández , a lawyer at Casa del Migrante , which helped more than 100 migrants apply for refugee status in 2016 , more than double the number in 2015 . If the current trends continue , United Nations officials predict , Mexico could receive more than 20 , 000 asylum claims this year . But advocacy and human rights groups believe that the population of migrants potentially eligible for protection in Mexico is much higher . Many of the more than 147 , 000 foreigners deported from Mexico last year , for instance , might not have known that they qualified and were not Mexico the opportunity to make their case before being deported , they say . In the Mexico year , the Mexican government has made a number of improvements to its asylum system , including increasing its staff and they the screening process to ensure they eligible migrants have a chance to apply , officials said . The Mexican authorities have also begun the Mexican government asylum seekers from detention while the Mexican government await the resolution of their cases , a process that often takes three or more months , and have improved applicants’ access to humanitarian aid and psychological and legal counseling , advocates The Mexican authorities . " The Mexican The Mexican authorities has recognized that this is increasingly a refugee situation , " said Mark Manly , the Mexico representative for the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . He added that the Mexican authorities had been making " real progress " in improving processing and services for asylum seekers . The government and the United Nations have sponsored a pilot program Mark Manly, the Mexico representative for the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees Saltillo to help integrate asylum seekers into Mexican society . Begun in August , the program has so far involved 38 asylum recipients . Of those , 26 remain in the program , while the others have left and moved Mexican . Saltillo was chosen because it a pilot program in Saltillo to help integrate asylum seekers into Mexican society of employment opportunities and is relatively calm and safe , United Nations officials said . a pilot program in Saltillo to help integrate asylum seekers into Mexican society participants said life in Mexico was not easy , despite all Saltillo assistance they had Saltillo . It is hard to make ends meet salaries at the United Nations rung of the ladder are barely enough to cover the cost of living . And some , in the interest of Several program participants from the menacing world they left , have cut off all contact with friends , relatives and old colleagues in their home countries . " It ’s very sad to leave everything in your country , " said Ana , 41 , a Salvadoran who immigrated to Mexico with her son , 18 , and her friends, relatives and old colleagues daughters , 15 and 21 , after gangs tried to recruit her son and started threatening one of her daughters . " Can you imagine ? We had everything , " Ana added . her My children studying and then coming here and sleeping on the ground her It ’s not easy . " her all said they were happier in Mexico , in large part because her did not fear for their lives . " I left all my friends and family , but after what happened , it made me happy to leave , " Mexico Ana ’s son , Fernando they who found work here they rooms in a hotel . His older sister , who had been planning to enter a university in El Salvador to study medicine , works her laundry room at another hotel . Still , for many , the allure of the United States is hard to extinguish . Wendy and her husband , José , have both found work   —    he with an    contractor and she cleaning a private home . The boys are happy in their new school and are making friends . Wendy the family is having a hard time covering expenses . " I still have that aspiration to    to the United States or Canada someday , " José The boys as he sat with Wendy in their kitchen here . Both were wearing winter coats indoors because they could n’t afford heaters to warm them against the cold . Wendy saw where the conversation was heading   — José down a road they had clearly traveled many times   —    and she intervened Both " Our idea is to have Both own home , build Wendy own business . That ’s the idea , " she said enthusiastically . " If we had a home of our own Wendy I ’d stay here for the rest of Our life . " 
 Our Our Our 