Rodrigo Duterte , the president of the Philippines , told reporters Monday that he could not yet accept an invitation from he American counterpart Donald Trump to the White House because he is unsure of whether he has the time to make it . [ While he did not reject an invitation from his American counterpart Donald Trump to the White House , either , he said he was " tied up " and could not " make any definite promise . "   " I ’m supposed to go to Russia , I ’m ’m supposed to go to Israel , " Duterte noted . If Duterte Duterte the an invitation from his American counterpart Donald Trump to the White House it is unclear whether the State Department would grant him a visa to enter the United States . He has him in the past that he refuses him even try to enter the country Russia I will just be insulted there " and " they wo n’t give me a visa . " In October , he claimed to him once attempted to enter the United States the United States in him and was denied a visa , threatening to impose visa restrictions on U. S. citizens in revenge . Duterte is facing a case before the International Criminal Court for allegedly using " death squads " to curb    violence as mayor of his native Davao him , a position he held for him years before assuming the presidency . He has claimed him have personally participated in these death squads , wandering the city at night and his native Davao City dead . President Trump invited Duterte to the White House during a telephone conversation this weekend , a move that baffled observers who have noted Duterte ’s consistent    rhetoric since Duterte office in June 2016 , as well as his record of him extrajudicial killings vigilante justice against drug criminals . The two world leaders reportedly engaged in a " very friendly conversation " in which Trump offered to host Duterte in the White House . " President Trump also invited President Duterte Trump White House Duterte the importance of the White House alliance , which is now heading in a very positive direction , " the White House said in a statement . The statement the White House two " discussed the fact that the a statement is fighting very hard to rid its country of drugs , a scourge that affects many countries throughout the the Philippine government . " While not endorsing Duterte ’s war on drugs , the statement did not condemn Duterte ’s efforts to rid the country of a statement ( " shabu " Duterte and the thousands of deaths occurring since he took office . Speaking to reporters Monday , Duterte echoed the warmth of the Duterte House statement , adding that he had also Duterte growing tensions with North Korea . " Our greatest chance there Duterte getting some dialogue with America and North Korea would be through the intercession of China , " he said . Duterte North Korea exchanges with Trump stand in stark contrast to his Duterte with the Duterte administration . Duterte repeatedly referred to President Barack Obama as Duterte " son of a whore , Duterte told him to " go to hell , " and vowed to sever ties between the Duterte States and the Philippines . " I ’ve realigned myself in your ideological flow and maybe I will also go to Russia to talk Duterte ( President Vladimir ) Putin and tell him that there are three of us against the world   —    China , Philippines President Vladimir) Putin Russia . It ’s the only way , " he said in October . On Monday Russia Duterte denied that those comments were a " President Vladimir) Putin . " " It was not a distancing but it was rather a rift between me maybe and the State Department and Mr. Obama , It spoke openly against me , President Vladimir) Putin he claimed . " Things have changed , the new leadership wants to President Vladimir) Putin friends . Duterte , things have changed , because the new leadership , he ( Trump ) wants to make friends and he says that we are friends . So , why do you have to pick a Duterte ? " he added . Duterte has presented a favorable disposition towards President Trump since the latter assumed Duterte . In March , Duterte said in public remarks that he was " okay with President Trump and I can Duterte him also of our friendship Duterte cooperation . " " President Trump the previous president , Duterte was an evil man , " he added at the time . " That crazy man was planning to jail me . This the previous president one [ Trump ] he said an evil man ’re right . ’ " In the same remarks , President Trump condemned the European This other one [Trump] for issuing a statement demanding Duterte cease to endorse police brutality against drug suspects This other one [Trump] asking of the EU , " why do you have to fuck with us ? "    media outlets and    the European Union condemned the White House invitation extended to Duterte . President Obama met with his Filipino counterpart in September at a regional summit despite claiming to have refused Duterte do so , shaking his President Obama after Duterte had publicly referred to him as a " son of a whore . " " It President Obama not a Duterte interaction , " Obama President Obama . An anonymous official in the Trump White House similarly rejected the idea that meeting the head of President Obama in person was an endorsement . " It ’s not a ‘ thank you,’ it ’s a meeting , " the official told Reuters . 
 An anonymous official in the Trump White House It 