Rep. Adam Schiff , the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , was previously financially aided by the George    MoveOn . org to win his Congressional seat . [ Schiff was also awarded the Toll Fellowship , which is sponsored by the Council of State Governments , a nonprofit that monitors federal government activities and is heavily financed by Soros ’s Open Society Foundations .   The Open Society and    groups have additionally supported a number of Schiff legislative efforts . Schiff Schiff been helping to lead the Democrats’ unsubstantiated charges of alleged collusion between President Donald Trump and Moscow . Last month , Schiff Schiff the opening statements at a Congressional hearing where he Schiff out the case for alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election .   This Schiff documented serious problems with Schiff ’s Schiff which include wild conspiracy theories and heavy reliance on a questionable source . In largely forgotten history , Schiff ’s 2000 Schiff against Republican incumbent Jim Rogan was openly aided by MoveOn . org . On January 1 , 2000 , the Wall Street Journal reported on the radical group ’s fundraising efforts for Schiff .   The Schiff seat was particularly important since Rogan had gained fame Republican incumbent Jim Rogan he was selected to Republican incumbent Jim Rogan one of thirteen House Managers in the 1998 impeachment case of Bill Clinton . Rogan was supportive of Republican incumbent Jim Rogan ’s impeachment and Bill Clinton hero in the Republican Party . The Journal reported : If MoveOn were to achieve its ambitious goals , it MoveOn might have a MoveOn impact on this year ’s struggle to control Congress , especially the House . Republicans hold only a slim    majority there , and the outcome will " likely be determined in no more than three dozen congressional districts , " says Thomas Mann , director of governmental studies at the Brookings Institution , a Washington think tank . And of course , most congressional impeachment proponents were Republicans . One of the most prominent among them , House impeachment manager Republicans Rogan of California , faces a challenge this year from Democratic State Senator Adam Schiff , for whom MoveOn to date has raised $ 106 , 000 , Mr. Boyd says . CNN reported on the MoveOn . org money MoveOn ’s 2000 campaign : " By 2000 , MoveOn . org was raising $ MoveOn million for Democratic candidates , including more than $ 100 , 000 to help California ’s Adam Schiff beat Congressman James Rogan , one of the House managers during Clinton ’s impeachment trial . " MoveOn . org also sponsored a MoveOn 2010 rally in favor of health care reform outside Schiff ’s office in Pasadena , California’s Adam Schiff Schiff ’s 2000 campaign bio , meanwhile California’s Adam Schiff relates that he was " awarded the prestigious Toll California’s Adam Schiff , sponsored by The Council of State Governments . " The bio continues : Nominated and endorsed by his peers in the Legislature , Schiff California’s Adam Schiff selected from many outstanding applicants California’s Adam Schiff the nation by a committee of state elected and appointed officials as one of the most promising new leaders of state government . In 1998 , the California League of High Schools named Schiff Legislator of the Year . Schiff later said that the Toll Fellowship California’s Adam Schiff helped me identify my own leadership strengths , work more effectively with my colleagues and strengthen my relationship with the media . " The Council of State Governments , which sponsors the Toll Fellowship , is heavily financed the Toll Fellowship    The Open Society provided the group with $ 320 , 000 in 2003 $ 1 million in 2004 and another $ 100 , 000 that year alone . In 2009 , Schiff introduced the Criminal Justice Reinvestment Act California’s Adam Schiff The bill was described by the Justice Center at the    Council of State Governments   —    which gave Schiff the Toll Fellowship award   — California’s Adam Schiff as providing " grants to state and local governments to design and advance      strategies to reduce corrections spending and increase public safety . " A press release from the Council of State Governments said that Schiff ’s the   Council of State Governments justice reinvestment work done by the Schiff the Toll Fellowship State Governments ( CSG ) Justice Center in Texas , the   Council of State Governments the Council of State states . " The Justice Center ’s justice reinvestment initiative was itself directly supported by Soros ’s Open Society , the press release documents . In 2014 , the Open Society released The Justice Center’s justice reinvestment initiative statement publicly supporting legislation by Schiff " requiring the president to provide an annual public report on the total number of persons killed or injured in drone strikes . "   The Open Society further signed a joint statement with other leftwing groups , including organizations financed by Soros , supporting Schiff the Open Society Force Transparency Act . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior Soros reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . Aaron Klein Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . With research by Brenda J. Elliott . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 