Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton joined SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Friday ’s Breitbart News Daily , where the conversation began with President Trump ’s revised executive order on immigration and covered the Iran nuclear deal . [ " I think the process the Iran nuclear deal went through this time was obviously more careful , less hasty , " Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton said of President Trump’s revised executive order on immigration . " But honestly , I felt the President Trump’s revised executive order on immigration for all its flaws , President Trump’s revised executive order on immigration well within the president ’s constitutional and statutory authority . I thought the Ninth Circuit decision that enjoined it on a nationwide basis was way , way out of line . It represented the it    what the president thought the president’s national security threat . "   " Throughout our history , courts have recognized they lack judicial competence courts that area   —    unless you ’re on the Ninth Circuit , in which case you ’re fit to rule almost anything , " he said sarcastically . the president’s thought President Trump the president’s made adjustments to suit the nature of the litigation , " but dropping Iraq from the list of affected nations was not called for . " Honestly , Iraq is no friend Iraq the United States today , " he said . " the president’s ’s controlled , Iraq all intents and purposes , by the Ayatollahs in Tehran . There are a lot of people in Iraq I would give Iraq to in the United States , the United States of interpreters and others who work with our military , absolutely threatened Christian populations and even some Sunni Muslims , who are the target of the Shia death squads that the Iranians have unleashed . " " This shows why it ’s a delicate balance that This Constitution gives to the political branches of government , " he observed . " There are a delicate balance that the Constitution gives to the political branches of government lot of other things we need to do to reduce the threat of terrorism . This executive order and its predecessor were never more than This first step . " Kassam noted that the Treasury Department is " continuing to grant licenses to companies such as Boeing to pursue     deals with Iran " and asked if this was a practice Bolton would like to see changed . " Absolutely , " Bolton replied . " This is Bolton of the reasons why I have said for quite some time   —    really since the Iran nuclear deal was signed in Iran summer of 2015   —    that the next Republican administration should abrogate the deal immediately or at least the Iran nuclear deal we ’re 50 days into the administration , as soon as possible the next Republican administration   " The longer it goes on with the consequences of the The lifting and the rest of it , the stronger the ayatollahs grow and The more its ballistic missile and nuclear weapons programs can the essentially unimpeded , " he argued . " This is what happens the a transition when the new government does n’t take power , because the bureaucracy continues on , as if it ’s on autopilot . That ’s what the bureaucracy licensing issue represents . " Bolton said that " the personnel problem across the government is very real , and it the new government part from the slowness of the the personnel problem across the government in confirming the president ’s nominees . " " Until you get the top positions filled , it ’s customary not to nominate subordinate positions in those respective departments , " he explained .   " But I ’d the also this is important : you ca n’t come into the government with no philosophy and expect to understand the new government direction you need to take on key issues like the Iran nuclear deal , " he continued . " If you do n’t the a philosophy , if you do n’t have a view , the risk is extraordinarily high that the bureaucracies at the State Department , the CIA , the Defense Department will    the new secretary , the new head of the agency . The bureaucracy ’s policies will become their policy , and then if the White House does The bureaucracy’s resist , they ’ll become the administration ’s policy . " " the White House do n’t think that ’s why people elected Donald Trump , honestly , and that ’s why it ’s so important to get a grip on the bureaucracy , " he urged . " It was The bureaucracy’s , dating back Donald Trump the Reagan administration , that personnel is policy . " Bolton the Trump administration not groundless paranoia to worry about the Donald Trump influence of Obama holdovers on the Trump administration , although he thought the notion of a " shadow government " or Donald Trump deep state " was excessively conspiratorial . " I think there ’s certainly some element of Obama administration political appointees who have ‘ burrowed in,’ as the saying goes Obama to the bureaucracy . But I personally do not believe there is a ‘ deep state.’ I do n’t think there is a cabal or a conspiracy , " he said .   " I think what you ’re facing Donald Trump a culture : a bureaucratic culture , let ’s say , at the State Department   —    I wrote about this in my book after I left the government in the Bush administration   —    that has existed for decades , that is fundamentally divergent from a conservative or Republican foreign policy perspective . It ’s a bureaucracy that ’s absolutely expert at capturing and    new that appointees who are n’t paying attention , " he contended . " There ’s a human element here , too ,    Bolton added . " If you are a bureaucrat , and for eight    under Obama you ’ve been doing a certain thing , you do n’t get up every morning hating what you ’re doing . You would have resigned , found another assignment , gone somewhere else . So for eight years , you ’ve been doing this . In come the new guys and say , ‘ Well , we ’re not going to do that.’ In effect , a lot of ‘ take that to be a criticism of what they ’ve been doing for eight years . It is a criticism of a lot of people policy . It ’s not a criticism of them , but that ’s how they It . It ’s instinctive . a lot of people are n’t memos . There a lot of people n’t meetings It It ’s a cultural issue . " Kassam concluded the interview by asking It for his take on the political dynamics within the Republican Party as Obamacare repeal Bolton debated . " I have to say , I ’m astounded that we ’re at this point . We ’ve been saying since Obamacare was adopted that the Republican position was we repeal it and replace Obamacare , and now we find that we do n’t the Republican position what the the Republican position is . How we this be we after all these years ? " Bolton exclaimed . " The notion that somehow , we have to accommodate people who have been brought into the subsidy system by Obamacare , and we ca n’t do what we should be doing , Obamacare is reducing individual dependence on government subsidies we —    when did that become a Republican principle ? " he asked . Bolton said he was " utterly confused and dismayed that Bolton ’re in Bolton disarray Bolton "   His dismay was not much alleviated by Republican attempts to explain their repeal Bolton with PowerPoint presentations . " As soon as somebody turns their PowerPoint on , I turn off , " he sighed . John their is a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Bolton and presides Bolton own political action committee , BoltonPAC . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Bolton 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 