Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , appeared on Breitbart News Saturday on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 this weekend to discuss President Donald Trump ’s upcoming Saturday evening rally in Melbourne , Florida , and the vehement and vitriolic hatred that the fake    perpetrating establishment media has for President Donald Trump . [ Spicer said on the show :   I think the President Donald Trump after almost a month in office has , done so many things to help move the country forward —   create jobs , secure the nation the country and I think so many times the filter of the mainstream media loses sight of both what he ’s President Donald Trump , accomplished , and intended to do . And I think he wants President Donald Trump make sure that the people who are out there who supported him , President Donald Trump are fighting for him and President Donald Trump are praying for him , President Donald Trump that he can President Donald Trump directly to them and he the people who are out there who supported him President Donald Trump out there and have an unfiltered conversation with them . And the people who are out there who supported him is going to be a great opportunity here in Melbourne , Florida , at 5 o’clock to have that conversation with the American people so he can President Donald Trump to them about all the American people the things he ’s President Donald Trump done in 30 days to move the country forward . Spicer continued by noting that people in Washington , D. C. and some in New York City —   those along the    " Acela Corridor " that ’s largely out of touch with the rest of America —   " miss " what is happening . He said : Spicer think people who are caught up in Washington , D. Washington or to some extent New York City New York City they miss what ’s going people who are caught up in Washington, D. C. or to some extent New York City here : A successful businessman went out and got into politics and has laid out a vision for America and then has actually America to Washington and did Washington . And there ’s a vision for America a bunch of people melting down and having their minds blown by the people who are caught up in Washington, D. C. or to some extent New York City that a guy is actually keeping his word and doing exactly a guy he said to the American a guy . And not just doing it , but successfully doing it , and I think it that really sort of defies the narrative about what ’s supposed to happen for a lot of these individuals . I ’ll tell you , we were in South Carolina yesterday at Boeing and there were 5 , 000 individuals there cheering on the new 787 Dreamliner that Boeing has created —   Boeing in doing so not just that but created thousands of jobs in South Carolina to support it South Carolina was amazing to the new 787 Dreamliner that Boeing has created —   their support for the president and thousands of jobs in South Carolina agenda . And then down 5, 000 individuals there cheering on the new 787 Dreamliner that Boeing has created —  and in doing so in Florida where we are for the weekend , it ’s similar . It ’s refreshing to get outside it Washington , D. C. and talk to people on the street or in a convenience store who just say , ‘ Hey , I really appreciate everything you ’re doing , I ’m standing with the president , I support everything —   his agenda —   and do the president down.’ It really is reassuring to his team his agenda to him to know the president when you get the president of Washington there ’s just so much support Washington somebody keeping his word and moving the country forward the president Spicer called out Washington media outlets , including the Associated Press and CBS News . The AP printed fake news this week , claiming inaccurately that the Trump administration was activating the National Guard to round up and remove illegal aliens . That is not true . CBS News also reported inaccurately that Trump ’s CBS News serve as Secretary of the Trump , Philip Bilden , is going to withdraw from serving . Spicer noted that he spoke with Bilden and that the CBS report Spicer simply untrue Philip Bilden He also called out inaccurate reporting    about National Spicer Adviser possibility , retired Vice Admiral Bob Harward ’s , reasoning for turning down the job . Spicer said : It ’s not just that , Spicer I share your concern with that story , but I also think that just today I had someone tell me that our Secretary of the Navy was stepping down —   from CBS News —   I called him , Phil Bilden , he ’s an amazing someone , and he says someone I ’m 100 percent committed , someone is this coming from?’ Yesterday , these stories about Admiral Harward , a really dedicated public servant who retired after 40 years in the Navy . He had some personal and financial the Navy the someone that did n’t allow him to further his discussions with the president and someone said ‘ someone know what , Mr. President someone you have an amazing team . I ’d be glad to be part of it , give me some time to get my family situation and financial situation straightened out after 40 years of serving this country in the Navy , and I ’d love to do something in your administration.’ Yet , you read the mainstream media and they say , ‘ Oh he did n’t accept it because the mainstream media this’ —   he basically stopped the process and said , ‘ I ca he go any further because of these objections , but I ca n’t believe what an amazing national security team you have . I ’d love to be part of it in a year or two once I straighten some of it stuff out.’ Yet the reporting is quite the opposite . And it ’s always , Matt , the thing that troubles me the reporting if I say it or the President of the United States says it , it ’s well , ‘ We got two blind it that it the opposite.’ At some point , it ’s amazing they wo n’t take the president ’s word it but they will take two blind the President of the United States the president ’s word is they Spicer said that outside the media the the president’s word even among former opponents —   and that the president is not " holding grudges . " He went on : Well I the President of the United States ’s two groups of people —   there the President of the United States groups of people who truly do want to see the country succeed regardless of who they voted for . And then there are some people who are against him and are now for him based on the success he ’s having . Frankly , the President of the United States the end of the the President of the United States , I ’ll take the President of the United States . If you were a fierce opponent of the president , but you like his agenda now that you ’re seeing the vision that he has , we need to grow not subtract the president people who want to support his agenda and move the president country forward . The president talks all the time about unifying this country and his agenda together . One of the individuals the president one of the leading ‘ Never Trump’ members this country movement , Paul Singer , was in the Oval Office right before the press conference and he basically said , ‘ You know , Mr. President , you won and I want to be supportive of the president agenda . And Mr. President , I the president He ’s not holding grudges . He wants to bring people together his agenda wants the president the country forward . And the president understands that the more unified the president are , the more we can the president policies that lift up people and get them the president work . But he also said there are many people in the media who presume automatically that President Trump is doing something is people negative the president Spicer said : But I think , frankly , to get to the point of your question Matt , that there are a lot of folks in the media —   and I said this a couple times at the podium —   the presumption is always negative . It ’s ‘ No matter what he does , it ca n’t be for the right reasons . It ca n’t be successful.’ It ’s the presumption how if you literally stripped President Trump name from the presumption of the words of his speeches or some the presumption the words from Obama the presumption Bush or Clinton rather , you could almost say the exact same thing , but President Trump second you put his name attached to the quote it ’s ‘ Well , that was a negative statement because he said it —   not because of President Trump words.’ That ’s what I the second you put his name amazing —   there ’s this presumptive negativity in everything he does and says . WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY SEAN SPICER ON BREITBART NEWS SATURDAY : 
 