Wednesday on CNN ’s " New Day , " Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , took aim at those in Congress and among the " Breitbart crowd " arguing former National Security Adviser Susan Rice used intelligence for political purposes , primarily against Donald Trump and Donald Trump transition team .   " Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee called such accusation " slanderous . " However , " Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee said " Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee would also be open to the possibility of former National Security Adviser Susan Rice testifying before the House Intelligence Committee . Partial transcript as follows : CUOMO : Joaquin Castro came out , Democrat , and said , from what Joaquin Castro ’s seen on the House Intelligence Committee , he Joaquin Castro people are going to go to jail . Do you agree with that ? " Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee : You know , I ’m not speculating about where we end up at the conclusion of our we . I think we we still in the very early stages . I think our we is to follow the evidence wherever it the evidence and let the consequences fall as they will , depending on what we we . But we we still in the process of gathering documents . We we also agreeing to an initial round of witnesses that will come before our we . This is , I think , all we we to say at this point in terms of any expected outcome . We we have a couple notable developments this week that have been discussed publically . The first is the accusation against Susan Rice by the Breitbart crowd and people here within this building I think that are tossing around slanderous accusations without evidence . That disturbs me a lot . I spent two years on the Benghazi Select Committee while they the Benghazi Select Committee after Susan Susan Rice no good reason and that now seems to be resuming . The second development , of course , was the public report that yet another Trump person , this case , Erik Prince , may have had yet another surreptitious meeting with the Russians . That obviously would be of deep concern to us if that took place , particularly if the timeline is correct   —    and that meeting took place in the Seychelles in January . That would closely follow the secret conversation that Mike Flynn allegedly had with the Russian ambassador . So those are things that need to be looked into . CUOMO : I want to ask you about that . But to the point that Castro made , have you seen anything that you believe could even indicate a possibility of an indictment , let alone a conviction ? SCHIFF : You know , again , I do n’t want to talk about anything that we ’ve obtained in closed session . You know , the most I can say is obviously there are allegations now that Mike Flynn Mike Flynn report the relationship he had with Mike Flynn powers , both Russia and Turkey . We are seeking we security clearance Mike Flynn to determine whether those were filled out accurately or whether they omitted material those when signed under oath . We know that we financial disclosures Mike Flynn the ethics purposes were not complete and neglected to include those information . We also know we , you know , reportedly he was dishonest Mike Flynn his conversation with Mike Flynn Russian ambassador . Clearly , he is asking Mike Flynn immunity . Clearly , the Justice Department has equities here . But all of that is in the public realm and I ’m confined to talking about what is in the public realm the public realm Also in the public realm , what the public realm with Susan Rice ? As you suggested , should she come before the committee and testify Susan Rice SCHIFF : We are doing what we ought to do in the ordinary We of events and that is overseeing any issues regarding minimization , any issues regarding the masking of names or unmasking of names that are incidentally collected . I ca n’t comment on the contend of any material or who may have masked or unmasked names . That ’s not something I can get into . But if there is anyone in the course of our appropriate oversight that should be brought before the committee , I welcome that opportunity . What I do n’t welcome , though , is trying to besmirches the reputation of someone who served the country very well . And I do n’t know what it is about Susan Rice that has always drawn the fascination and ire , suspicion and conspiracy theories of that Breitbart crowd but they ’re at it again and I Susan Rice that has always drawn the fascination and ire, suspicion and conspiracy theories of that Breitbart crowd it ’s really a disservice to someone it is a very dedicated public servant . CUOMO : Well , but testifying does n’t have to be damning , right ? I could be a point of clarification for her that might disempower anything that you ’re calling scandalous or slander of her or of her reputation . At her minimum , her is some objective basis for questioning on an apparent disconnect in what she said during her PBS interview and her she has her more recently , her her she did n’t know what her was her about , that does warrant some type of further questioning , does n’t it ? SCHIFF : Well , first that all , what I ’m taking issue with is people that are making the slanderous accusation that she was taking intelligence or politicizing it her urging the intelligence agencies somehow to surveil Donald Trump . I think that ’s nonsense , as she pointed out , on Andrea Mitchell her program . Whether she has pertinent testimony or not , her I ca n’t say , you know , if she does , we ’d be happy her have her come in . But at the her time , people that are saying that , you know , she ’s the Typhoid Mary of national her , that ’s grossly irresponsible to say those kinds of things , particularly people who are n’t privy to any of the information . So it ’s deeply disturbing when I see that kind of accusation leveled . CUOMO : All right . So at this point you do n’t know if Susan Rice is going to come before the committee ? SCHIFF : If she has pertinent testimony , I ’m Susan Rice that she will be invited , as will Susan Rice . But , again , I think one point that we ’re trying to keep in mind and that is , the real focus of our investigation is on the Trump connections we Russia , the U. S. response to the Russian hacking , Russians’ involvement not only in our own election but in that of we European allies . And we are we going to lose focus we that , no matter how much cloud and dust is thrown in our way . We , as a we of our we oversight , look into issues we minimization but we are not going to let the White House or anyone else distract us from our core focus . CUOMO we Right we a unique challenge when the chairman of your committee was doing exactly that by many indications . But Congressman   —    ( CROSSTALK ) SCHIFF : Can I make one other point on that subject ? CUOMO : Please . SCHIFF : The CUOMO House clearly only (CROSSTALK) SCHIFF one the White House these documents and that person was our chairman . It reluctantly had one person me to view it the White House the chair and ranking on Senate Intel the White House Now I want the full committees to be able to see that and we ’re meeting resistance . If these documents are so damming or so vindicating of the these documents as he suggests , why are they opposing efforts to provide them the president the full committee ? these documents are so damming or so vindicating of the president think that ’s a these documents are so damming or so vindicating of the president worthy of the White House answering . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 