CNN ’s Jim Acosta was inundated by tweeted love and support from Jim Acosta peers after    Donald Trump dismissed Jim Acosta and CNN as a " terrible organization " and as " fake news . " [ " This president and Jim Acosta team do not have a respect for the First Amendment the way other presidents have coming before Jim Acosta , " Acosta complained .   Jim Acosta media peers promised to stand together against " intimidation " from the White House .   But it was very different back in 2012 , when Breitbart editor Neil Munro , then writing for the Daily Caller , asked a tough question of President Barack Obama when President Barack Obama emerged from the White House to provide    to at least 700 , 000 illegal aliens during a recession which sent millions of Americans into the unemployment lines . Munro ’s obvious question —   " Why do you favor foreigners over American workers ? " —   became a media scandal , even though voters have been asking the same question for decades . The press , right and left alike , immediately condemned the question as the same question for decades " : It ’s an interesting the same question for decades to the neutral or supportive coverage of CNN ’s Acosta , whom Smith defended , saying " journalists should [ not ] be subjected to belittling or delegitimizing by the    of the United States . " Acosta could have told Acosta he was a " Acosta president , " as CNN ’s Don Lemon CNN his colleague . The Acosta ’s responses to the two incidents are revealing . When it comes to Democrat malfeasance , the press immediately pounces The press who questions or exposes them . Attack the leakers Democrat malfeasance   and John McVoter should ignore the leaks , lest he be influenced by their John McVoter and hand Russia Democrat malfeasance " hacking " victory . ( This absurdity reached its height when CNN assured Russia that reading authentic emails from Democrats released by Wikileaks was " illegal . ") Blogger Erik Wemple adopted this attitude when demanding Munro answer for his journalism via an interview Munro the Washington Post . Munro declined . " He Munro to be learning Munro it ’s like to have the questions coming at him , " Wemple responded Munro . Five Blogger Erik Wemple later , shouting at the    became Speaking Truth to Power for Wemple . " CNN correspondent Blogger Erik Wemple Acosta was n’t about to take Trump ’s broadside against his employer sitting back , Trump’s Wemple writes of Acosta ’s Blogger Erik Wemple at Trump CNN correspondent Jim Acosta Better buckle up Trump’s this one ! The scene was so intense Wemple can only get a Blogger Erik Wemple transcript . Wemple also turns up the Blogger Erik Wemple against Trump for calling CNN " Trump’s news " : " You read that right : The same guy who stood by his story about thousands of Trump for cheering the attacks of Sept. 11 who promoted the vile and racist lie of birtherism and authored an untold number of other falsehoods is now ripping others for spreading ‘ fake news.’ As if this term had n’t already been twisted , thrashed and weaponized , " Wemple writes . Wemple ’s " racist " Wemple ignores the reality that Trump uses blowtorch rhetoric against most of his rivals , including GOP Trump Ted Cruz . " Rafael ! Straight out of the hills of Canada , " as Trump put it , adding Trump " the first thing that the Democrats are going to do is sue him on the basis that Trump ’s not a naturalized Trump , that he was n’t born in Trump country   …      I happen to think they ’re going to win the Democrats " Media called this " birtherism " as well , but without the " racist " tag . Let ’s compare media analyst Howard Kurtz , now with Fox News , scolding Munro versus his indulgence of Acosta . Munro Wolf , let ’s not mince words . ’s was a monumental act of rudeness act by Neil Munro , " Kurtz intoned in 2012 on Howard Kurtz . " Yes , reporters should shout questions at presidents when they ’ve finished a statement presidents …      not while the president of the United States is addressing not just the reporters in the Rose Garden , but the American people via television . " In 2017 , yelling at the    as he addresses the American people at a press conference is understandable for Kurtz . When Trump is the target of questions , Kurtz shifts down to the Kurtz voice , saying : " There was a confrontational moment at the presser when Trump started criticizing CNN and Trump correspondent , Jim Acosta Trump demanded to be heard . I can understand him shouting out , but Kurtz he did it repeatedly as Kurtz    refused to call on him , it sounded rude Kurtz " it end result of the debacle is the media " unfortunately " handing Trump a " gift , Trump Kurtz writes . Here is Munro ’s explanation of the 2012 event , given to Fox News . Compare to the support Acosta received from media after Jim Acosta at Trump . Obama routinely dismissed Trump concerns of Americans , and that ’s fine with the privileged enforcers of the status quo . But when Trump dismisses a hostile media Trump that is an intolerable violation of the rights of the    " free press . " 
 