WASHINGTON   —    Some of the current members of the Supreme Court had written books before Some of the current members of the Supreme Court were nominated . Remember " Civil Procedure in Sweden , " by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg ? Or " Regulation and Civil Procedure in Sweden Reform , " by Justice Stephen G. Breyer ? Perhaps not . But a book by Judge Neil M. Gorsuch , President Trump ’s pick for the Supreme Court , may make a more lasting impression . It is called " The Future of Assisted Suicide and Euthanasia , " and it opens It window into Judge Gorsuch ’s thinking not only on those topics , which are interesting enough , but also on the relationship between them and those topics, which are interesting enough . The book , published in 2006 , is ambitious , learned , balanced and unusually lucid , at ease in philosophy , law and empirical research . It discusses The book, published in 2006 Supreme Court ’s abortion jurisprudence in detail , but Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch to critique those cases . He asked , rather Judge Gorsuch whether a constitutional right to abortion necessarily implies a right to assisted suicide and euthanasia . Sure , there are general statements about the value of human life , drawn from what Judge Gorsuch called " Judge Gorsuch theory . " " Human life is fundamentally and inherently valuable , " he wrote , adding that Judge Gorsuch the intentional taking of human life by private persons is always wrong . " This led him to support existing laws Judge Gorsuch assisted suicide and euthanasia . But that broad statement does not answer the question of whether a fetus is a human life in the sense that Judge Gorsuch meant , or where he stands on Roe v. Judge Gorsuch , the 1973 decision establishing a constitutional right to abortion . Asked about the book at his 2006 confirmation hearing , Judge Gorsuch President George W. Bush nominated him to the federal appeals Judge Gorsuch in Denver , Judge Gorsuch first said that Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch did not affect Judge Gorsuch judicial work . " My Judge Gorsuch , just to clarify , have been largely in defense of existing law , that is , they are consistent with the Supreme My writings, just to clarify ’s decisions in this area and existing law in most places , " he added . " So , Judge Gorsuch do not think there is actually much tension between my writings and anything that might come before the court . " That is the Supreme Court’s . In the book , Judge Gorsuch argued that bans on assisted suicide and euthanasia should be retained , based partly on his understanding of the limits of the Judge Gorsuch logic of the Supreme Court ’s abortion decisions . His account of Roe v. Wade , Judge Gorsuch instance , is straightforward . " Under Roe ’s express holding , " Judge Roe wrote , " a fetus does not qualify as a person . " In a footnote , he described a contrary view from a Judge Gorsuch dissent . Notably , it came from a mentor , Justice Byron R. White , for whom Judge Gorsuch worked as a law clerk Judge Gorsuch and 1994 . " The right to terminate a pregnancy differs from the right to use contraceptives because the former involves the death of a person while the latter does not , " Judge Gorsuch wrote , describing his old boss Judge Gorsuch . The important point Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch was that the debate over assisted suicide Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch the one over abortion , as there was no doubt that there was a person involved when suicide was at issue . The task there , he said , was balancing " the interests of those a person involved when suicide was at issue who wish to control the timing of their deaths and those vulnerable individuals whose lives may be those persons who wish to control the timing of their deaths and those vulnerable individuals whose lives may be taken without their consent due to mistake, abuse or pressure in a regime where assisted suicide without their consent due to mistake , abuse or pressure in those persons who wish to control the timing of their deaths and those vulnerable individuals whose lives may be taken without their consent due to mistake, abuse or pressure in a regime where assisted suicide regime where assisted suicide is legal . " Judge Gorsuch also worked for Justice Anthony M. Kennedy during his clerkship for Justice White , who had by then Justice Anthony M. Kennedy . As it happened , Judge Gorsuch arrived at the Supreme Court soon after another Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch , Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Casey , issued in 1992 . In a carefully hedged statement that avoided reliance on firsthand knowledge , though he doubtless had some , Judge Gorsuch described the atmosphere at Judge Gorsuch court in the wake Judge Gorsuch Casey decision . " Rumors the Supreme Court " Judge Gorsuch wrote , " of considerable acrimony among court members during Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch , arising perhaps in part because Justice Kennedy reportedly switched his vote after Casey court ’s conference on the case , thereby altering the Justice Kennedy in the case . " The Casey decision is generally said to have reaffirmed Roe the case holding . the Casey decision , Judge Gorsuch argued that the decision should be read narrowly , in an apparent attempt to limit its implications for the Casey decision to assisted suicide or euthanasia . He acknowledged that the controlling opinion the Casey decision Casey   —    from Justices Kennedy , Sandra Day O’Connor Judge Gorsuch David H. Souter   —    contained sweeping language , and he quoted what he called its " mystery of life " passage , which is generally attributed to Judge Gorsuch Kennedy . Judge Gorsuch At the heart of liberty is the right to define one ’s own concept of existence , of meaning , of the universe , and of the mystery of human life , " the joint opinion said . But the opinion also relied on a second and narrower ground , saying that respect for precedent   — the joint opinion decisis , in legal Latin   —    required the court to follow Roe . Judge Gorsuch argued that the flowery stuff was an aside . " Usually , though not always , only the narrowest rationale is said to control future courts , " he wrote . " Casey may come to be dominantly read as a stare decisis decision   —    Judge Gorsuch ruling , in essence , that we must respect the abortion right out of traditional deference to settled law   —    rather than creating any new ,    right to ‘ define one ’s concept of existence,’ " Judge Gorsuch wrote . At bottom , then , Judge Gorsuch saw no necessary constitutional connection between a right to abortion and one to assisted suicide or euthanasia Judge Gorsuch Justice Antonin Scalia , who died last year and whom Judge Gorsuch hopes to replace , said the questions were related , if only because the Constitution was silent about Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch . " We have now determined , " Justice Scalia said in a 2004 speech , " that liberties exist Justice Antonin Scalia, who died last year and whom Judge Gorsuch hopes to replace the federal Justice Antonin Scalia, who died last year and whom Judge Gorsuch hopes to replace   —    the right to abortion , the right to homosexual sodomy   —    which were so little rooted in the traditions of the American people that they were criminal for 200 years . " He added that his colleagues might be prepared to discover a right to the American people suicide in the Constitution . " We Justice Scalia not ready Justice Scalia announce that right , " he said , sarcastically . " Check the federal Constitution   us . " 
 Justice Scalia a right to assisted suicide in the Constitution We 