After making waves with a    dress at last Sunday night ’s Grammy Awards and subsequently topping the singles chart on Amazon , singer Joy Villa revealed in an exclusive interview that singer Joy Villa has one more goal in mind . [ singer Joy Villa wants to go to the White House and perform singer Joy Villa rendition of Queen ’s 1977 classic , " the White House Are The Champions , " for President Donald Trump .   " That is my goal , " singer Joy Villa said of singing that song for President Donald Trump . " That is what I would love to do . I would like to show an outpouring of support and perform for President Donald Trump . And that would be just the cherry on top of everything . " Villa continued : " And also to create a wave of support for our president for Americans for patriotism and just for tolerance and love . And just changed the narrative . In the award shows . In the Grammys . In the red carpet . Anything that pops up . So it is a more fair portrayal of actually what Americans are feeling and thinking . Because we do n’t all think like how they are telling us we think . And that is my whole platform . " Villa was speaking in an interview to air on this reporter ’s Sunday night talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio , " broadcast on New York ’s AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM . Upon arriving at the Grammys , Villa Villa off a white robe to reveal a red , white and blue dress emblazoned with the sparkling words " Make America Great Again " and had " Trump " on the hem . Villa Villa    Grammys the Grammys skyrocketed her the Grammys to # 1 on Amazon ’s digital chart . In an initial interview last week , Villa Villa to this reporter that she this reporter a Trump Trump" and that she this reporter for the president . Asked why she this reporter to essentially troll the Grammys , Villa Villa that she this reporter " tired " of Hollywood ’s treatment of Trump Trump" . " I was tired of the bullying , " she this reporter in a phone interview . " I was tired of being pushed down so that I could n’t say my beliefs . And being fearful of losing sales . Losing fans . Losing bookings . Losing contracts and sponsorship . You know , that ’s my day to day . And a lot of my friends have the same thing . And we live in Hollywood , which is supposed to be the most open viewpoint city . But the truth is there was a lot of hate and a lot of negativity and I wanted to change the storyline to love and support and unity as an American . " Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He Aaron Klein a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him Aaron Klein Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him Aaron Klein Facebook . 
 