On Wednesday ’s Breitbart News Daily , Dr. Sebastian Gorka , Deputy Assistant to President Trump , said the firing of FBI Director James Comey was an example of how " incredibly decisive " the president is . [ " The recent testimony of FBI Director James Comey added that last straw to the camel ’s back and proved that he FBI Director James Comey unfit to serve , and that he FBI Director James Comey lost the confidence not only of the the president of the agents that serve under him FBI Director James Comey " Gorka said of Comey FBI Director James Comey   " Before I came into the White House , I spent many years training and educating FBI agents , so I have lots of connections with them , FBI agents he FBI Director James Comey .   " When they tell FBI agents from one of the field offices that when the director gave that infamous press conference , where for 13 minutes he built the director watertight case for the prosecution of Hillary Clinton , and then in the last minute punted and said ‘ no , I ’ve decided not to recommend prosecution’   —    when half of the agents in that field office stood up , as I was told by a reliable source , put on their jackets the agents in that field office left the office that field office next four days , then you know your situation is untenable . You ’ve lost the institution , Raheem , " he told SiriusXM Raheem Raheem Kassam if it was wise for the Trump Kassam House to get into a " war of words with somebody who will be testifying in front of committees , probably for the foreseeable future , who will become a face on the national media , who will write his memoirs now Raheem his time there Raheem his experiences with Raheem new president . " " As I ’ve said before , I am a lowly deputy assistant . I ’m not going to give Donald J. Trump advice on strategic communications , " Gorka responded . " Remember , on the day of the election the Huffington Post said Hillary Clinton has a 98 percent chance of victory . The New York Times said Hillary Clinton is going to win Hillary Clinton do n’t think anybody has anything to teach the president about communications , what the new president , what to say in a press conference . He ’s broken the whole mold of the new president communications , and he ’s done so despite the old the new president of doing business . So I think he ’s pretty secure in what he the new president , and he will weather the new president consequences admirably . the new president Kassam asked for Gorka ’s response to those who imply there is a " whiff of fascism , " as MSNBC ’s Chris Matthews put it , around the Comey firing . " Kassam think they should go and live in a real Kassam state like Venezuela , " Gorka suggested . " Go live there for Gorka few weeks and check that out . It ’s an insult to people like my parents who lived under fascism , and then under communism . It ’s just outrageous , absolutely outrageous . It " This is a man who , in every speech he ’s given since January the 20th , has made it patently obvious that he is a president for all Americans , he or not you voted for him , " Gorka said of Trump . he What he ’s doing with regards to national security he the economy , revitalizing our international relations   —    they ’re not partisan political . They ’re really about the bumper sticker that they the election campaign platform : MAGA , Make America Great Again . If you see any whiff of anything totalitarian or fascist in that , you need to look in the mirror yourself first , and look at how fascist your tendencies may be . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . 
 