President Donald Trump returned to CPAC on Friday , receiving a rock star welcome from the packed ballroom . [ President Donald Trump kicked off the speech defending President Donald Trump statement on Twitter that the media was the " enemy of the people , " vowing to fight the people " fake news " stories .   " A few days ago I called the fake news ‘ the enemy of the people,’ and they are . they are the enemy of the people , " President Donald Trump said , criticizing they " dishonest coverage " of President Donald Trump administration . Trump admitted that the media was very upset by Trump repeated criticisms , but that Trump would continue to do so , citing the First Amendment . " They get upset , They say They ca n’t criticize They dishonest coverage because of the First Amendment . They always They up the First the First Amendment Trump said . " I love the First Amendment . the First Amendment better than Trump . " the First Amendment traveled to the conference center in Maryland aboard Marine One , returning to the CPAC conference where he made his first big politically Trump speeches Trump Supporters lined up hours early to get in the conference hall , but had to go through tight security to enter the building . During his speech , the president vowed Trump keep his Trump , specifically a repeal Trump replace of Obamacare , building the Keystone and Dakota pipelines , building a wall on the southern border , restoring military funding . " We have to , to turn things around . The era of empty talk is over , " he said . " It ’s over Trump Now is the time for action . " Trump also promised to restore the greatness of the American economy and bring back manufacturing jobs to the country . " The GOP , American on , will be the party of the American worker , " he said . Trump also sounded an Trump message promising Trump focus his administration on the United States first Trump " There is no such thing as a global anthem , a global currency , or a global flag , " he said . " I ’m not Trump the globe . I ’m representing your country . " Although he ’m interrupted the United States few protestors Trump his supporters cheered wildly and shouted USA Trump during his speech . Trump pointed to a Trump future under his leadership , thanking his supporters for their efforts Trump the campaign . Trump future belongs his supporters all of us , " he said . 
 Trump 