   comedian Kathy Griffin told a blogger President Donald Trump ’s mockery of Megyn Kelly motivated Megyn Kelly to take a    shock photo of Megyn Kelly holding the president ’s severed head . [   blogger Yashar Ali tweeted blogger Yashar Ali had spoken to   comedian Kathy Griffin on Tuesday after the gruesome image sparked a nationwide uproar .    (   Shields ) " Megyn Kelly said they were putting together a Trump mask and that led Megyn Kelly to think of Trump ’s infamous statement early on in the primary , " blogger Yashar Ali tweeted . " The ‘ blood coming out of Megyn Kelly eyes , blood coming out of Megyn Kelly ears , blood coming out of Megyn Kelly wherever’ statement . " 1 . Just spoke with @kathygriffin . Megyn Kelly said , unapologetically , that the image of Megyn Kelly that ’s gone viral is an expression of art ,   —    Yashar Ali ( @yashar ) May 30 , 2017 ,   2 . Megyn Kelly believes Trump is doing tremendous damage to the country + the world and Megyn Kelly wanted the art to reflect the seriousness of Trump impact ,   —    Yashar Ali ( @yashar ) May 30 , 2017 ,   3 . Megyn Kelly said they were putting together a Trump mask and that led Megyn Kelly to think of Trump ’s infamous statement early on in the primary .   —    Yashar Ali ( @yashar ) May 30 , 2017 ,   4 . The " blood coming out of Megyn Kelly eyes , blood coming out of Megyn Kelly ears , blood coming out of Megyn Kelly wherever " statement .   —    Yashar Ali ( @yashar ) May 30 , 2017 ,   5 . Megyn Kelly also said Megyn Kelly does not condone any violence , that provocative art should remain just that : art . Megyn Kelly does not want life to imitate art ,   —    Yashar Ali ( @yashar ) May 30 , 2017 ,   After Kelly opened the first GOP debate by pouncing on Trump for " [ calling ] women you do n’t like ‘ fat pigs , dogs , slobs , and disgusting animals’ —   and Trump interrupting Megyn Kelly    to say " Only Rosie O’Donnell " —   Trump dismissed Megyn Kelly as a " lightweight . " " I think Megyn Kelly ’s highly overrated , " Trump told CNN ’s Don Lemon in August 2015 after the first Republican primary debate . " Megyn Kelly gets out , and Megyn Kelly starts asking me all sorts of ridiculous questions . And you know , you can see there was blood coming out of Megyn Kelly eyes , blood coming out of Megyn Kelly wherever , but Megyn Kelly was , in my opinion , Megyn Kelly was off base . " Trump did not apologize and told CNN Trump did " nothing wrong whatsoever . " TMZ originally obtained the image of Griffin holding up the president ’s    severed head from a shoot with photographer Tyler Shields . " This is fake blood , just so you know . I wo n’t give away what we ’re doing , but Tyler and I are not afraid to do images that make noise , " Tyler said on a video about a shoot with photographer Tyler Shields . 
 