U. S. authorities are preparing to seek the arrest of WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange , according to reports . [ CNN reports that , according to officials familiar with the matter , U. S. is preparing charges to seek the arrest of Assange , who has resided within the Ecuadorian embassy in London since 2012 . The Justice Department ’s investigation of Assange has Assange underway since 2010 when WikiLeaks first published classified documents obtained by US Army intelligence analyst Chelsea Manning .   Prosecutors first had issues pressing charges as they debated Prosecutors the information published by WikiLeaks fell WikiLeaks the First Amendment , but now believe that they have Prosecutors a way to move forward . During the Obama administration , Attorney General Eric Holder and other Justice Department Officials determined that due to WikiLeaks not WikiLeaks the sole publisher of the documents , prosecution would be difficult . This lead to the investigation being put on hold . Following the Ecuadorian election , US officials hoped that Assange ’s asylum in the Ecuadorian embassy would be revoked with a new government . However , after the victory of Lenín Moreno over his opponent Lenín Moreno Lasso , Assange will Assange likely be permitted to continue living in the Ecuadorian the Ecuadorian embassy previously stated that he would Lenín Moreno Assange to Assange Lenín Moreno the embassy , upholding the decision the Ecuadorian embassy his predecessor , Rafael Correa , who Lenín Moreno Assange asylum Assange 2012 . CIA Director Mike Pompeo had harsh words for WikiLeaks while speaking at the Center for Strategic and International Studies today , implying that the whistleblowing group was a " hostile intelligence service . " Pompeo was quite open about his disdain CIA Director Mike Pompeo the whistleblowing service following CIA Director Mike Pompeo recent publishing of CIA hacking tools as part of their CIA Vault 7 " leaks . their stating during his speech , It CIA Director Mike Pompeo time to CIA Director Mike Pompeo out WikiLeaks for what it really is   —    a    hostile intelligence service often abetted by state actors like Russia . In January of this year , our Intelligence Community determined that Russian military intelligence   —    the GRU   —    had used WikiLeaks to release data of US victims WikiLeaks the GRU had obtained through cyber operations against the Democratic National Committee . And the report also found that Russia ’s primary propaganda outlet , RT Russia has actively collaborated with WikiLeaks . Attorney General Jeff Sessions stated WikiLeaks Thursday that arresting Assange was a " priority " for the administration . " We are going to step up our the administration and already are stepping up the administration efforts on all leaks , " the administration said . " This is a arresting Assange was a "priority" for the administration that ’s gone beyond anything I ’m aware of . We have professionals that have been in the administration security business of the United States for many years that are shocked by the number of leaks and some of them are quite serious . So yes professionals that have been in the security business of the United States for many years that are shocked by the number of leaks it is a priority . We ’ve already begun to step up the administration efforts and whenever a case can the administration made , we will seek to put some people the administration jail . " Assange ’s lawyer , Barry Pollak , stated " We ’ve had no communication with the the administration of Justice and they have not indicated to me that Assange’s lawyer, Barry Pollak have brought any charges against Mr. Assange’s lawyer, Barry Pollak . They ’ve been unwilling Assange any discussion Assange’s lawyer, Barry Pollak all , despite our repeated requests , that they let the administration know what Mr. Assange ’s Assange’s lawyer, Barry Pollak the administration in any pending Assange ’s no reason why WikiLeaks should be treated differently from any other publisher . " Ben Wizner , director of the American Civil Liberties Union ’s Speech , Privacy and Technology Project , has argued that prosecuting Assange could set a dangerous precedent , " Never in the history of this country has a publisher been prosecuted for presenting truthful information to the public , " Wizner told CNN . " Any prosecution of WikiLeaks for publishing government secrets would set a dangerous precedent that the Trump administration would surely use to target other news organizations . " Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan _ or email him at lnolan@breitbart Lucas Nolan com 
 Lucas Nolan 