Thursday on CNN ’s " Inside Politics , " immediately following a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing featuring testimony from former FBI Director James Comey , network senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin emphasized what a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing featuring testimony from former FBI Director James Comey, network senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin thought were the highlights of the hearing .   However , at the end of rehashing those highlights , despite written testimony from Comey suggesting otherwise , network senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin declared that we now know Trump is under criminal investigation because of the hearing . Partial transcript as follows : ANDERSON COOPER : So many key points today to go over that Jim Comey what Donald Trump Trump Michael Flynn as a directive , that he did not Trump to Jeff Sessions he says because Trump knew or Trump that Jeff Sessions would Jeff Sessions recuse himself . Jeff Trump did so Jeff Sessions later . TOOBIN : And I think the February 14 meeting remains the focus and the crucial issue in this whole investigation because that is the most incriminating act that the president took in terms of a possible obstruction of justice case telling Jim Comey and Comey clearly felt he was Jim Comey to stop the president investigation . COOPER : this whole investigation the president said , " I the president " TOOBIN : Yes . It was an interesting exchange   —    it was with the senator from Maine , Angus King , who they both   —    the famous line about Thomas Beckett , " Who will rid me of this meddlesome previous . " You do n’t tell someone , but you know you send the message . There is also the point where there is the clearest conflict between Comey and Trump . COOPER : Because the president has denied   —    TOOBIN : Trump has said I did n’t make Trump sort of order . There was that question at the press conference that we played . So I think , you know , that remains the most important point of conflict . And the other point I think Dana alluded to this , but I think it ’s very important   —    this was a   —    in the letter that Trump wrote firing Comey , he said Trump times you told me Comey I was not under investigation and that was in May. Well , here we know in June Donald Trump is under criminal investigation , Trump ’s a big deal , and that ’s important . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 