Sen. Joe Manchin   —    who has claimed in the past to be     —    appears now to be supporting abortion industry giant Planned Parenthood . [ Thank you for standing with Planned Parenthood , @Sen_JoeManchin ! # StandWithPP pic . twitter .    —    PP South Atlantic WV ( @PPSATWV ) April 19 , 2017 ,    The West Virginia Democrat appeared in a photo , tweeted by Planned Parenthood South Atlantic West Virginia , standing behind a poster that states , " I stand with Planned Parenthood . " The tweet immediately drew the ire of national    leaders who in the past have counted Manchin among members of Congress who support the rights of the unborn . " Sen. Manchin to call himself    Manchin this is the last straw , " said Susan B. Anthony List President Marjorie Dannenfelser , adding that her organization Susan B. Anthony List President Marjorie Dannenfelser will work tirelessly in the months ahead to make sure West Virginians know of this profound betrayal of the unborn and their mothers West Virginians " The national director of Priests for Life , Father Frank Pavone , also reacted , telling Breitbart News : " Would that Sen. Manchin spoke plainly about what ‘ standing by Planned Parenthood’ means ! Instead of following the bad example of his Democratic Sen. Manchin , who want to support abortion without talking about abortion , Sen. Manchin Sen. Manchin on the    path and tell his constituents what Sen. Manchin Parenthood actually does and does n’t do . " Pavone added that his organization ’s Pavone . org campaign would inform West Virginians of Manchin ’s change Sen. Manchin position . " West Virginians supported West Virginians last November and will face a choice next year as to whether to    Sen. Manchin , " Pavone continued . " We have already communicated through Priests for Life to all the churches of West Virginia that Planned Parenthood needs to be defunded and that they need to let Planned Parenthood Manchin know where   Sen. Manchin on this before Planned Parenthood make their voting decisions Planned Parenthood the Planned Parenthood elections . " As a candidate for the presidency , Republican Donald Trump outlined four policy commitments in a letter to    leaders : As the Charleston    reported , Manchin has raised about $ 235 , 000 for his 2018    campaign in Manchin first quarter of the year , but only $ 7 , 900 is derived from sources within his home state . " Manchin Joe Manchin ,   . Va. has received more money from individual donors in Texas ( $ 95 , 600 ) Washington D. C. ( $ 33 , 000 ) New York ( $ 32 , 300 ) Massachusetts ( $ 22 , 500 ) Virginia ( $ 19 , 700 ) Maryland ( $ 10 , 700 ) and Connecticut ( $ 10 , 400 ) than West Virginia , " states the report . Dannenfelser observed that Planned Parenthood is " the nation ’s largest abortion business . " " It is an enormous mistake both morally and politically for Sen. Manchin to side with Planned Parenthood , " she Planned Parenthood continuing , Dannenfelser In more than nine times out of ten , Planned Parenthood resolves pregnancy with abortion Planned Parenthood are clearly an      business   Planned Parenthood    yet taxpayers are forced to fork over nearly $ 554 million each year to their coffers . Where does Sen. Manchin taxpayers on this injustice ? Sen. Manchin , he voted to force states to fund the Sen. Manchin giant through Title X grants . That was only a day after new footage was released showing a former Planned Parenthood abortionist describe the force needed to dismember a     unborn child struggling to survive in the womb . " Planned Parenthood performs at least 300 , 000 Planned Parenthood year . The group has been using political muscle to bolster Planned Parenthood in the wake of videos released that led Planned Parenthood allegations it sells the body parts of aborted babies for a Planned Parenthood . The allegations led to multiple congressional investigations . Ultimately , allegations it sells the body parts of aborted babies for a profit Judiciary Committee and the House Select Investigative Panel have referred Planned Parenthood Federation of America , several of the largest Planned Parenthood affiliates in the country , and three of their business associates in the America procurement industry , to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, several of the largest Planned Parenthood affiliates in the country FBI and U. S. Department of Justice for criminal prosecution . " The Democratic Party is , no doubt , putting pressure here on a senator who has in many instances been an exception to the rule and has taken    positions , " Pavone said . " I urge him to resist this pressure , to be honest with himself and his constituents , " he added , " and to him the him of West Virginia him the facts about Planned Parenthood so that they , in turn , can let him know whether they think the people of West Virginia should support this criminal ,    him , which the people of West Virginia more him political machine than a health organization . " A recent Marist poll found that 61 percent of Americans oppose taxpayer funding of abortion , including 40 percent of those who say they are " " and 41 percent of Democrats . 
 