   Donald J. Trump named Dr. David J. Shulkin as   Donald J. Trump nominee to run the Department of Veterans Affairs at   Donald J. Trump Wednesday press conference at Manhattan ’s Trump Tower . [ " He ’s fantastic . He ’s fantastic . He will do a truly great job , " said Trump , who called the press conference to discuss He plan to transfer control of He business operations to He two eldest sons , Eric and Donald Jr. and a    Trump Organization executive . " You ’ll be very impressed with the job He does . "   The incoming president said The incoming president interviewed more than 100 candidates for the VA job , " some good and some not so good . "   Trump Organization said improving VA VA one of the key commitments   Trump Organization made in the 2016 campaign . " Veterans have been treated horribly , "   Trump Organization said . " They Veterans for 15 , 16 , 17 days —   cases when they Veterans in with a minor , easy form of cancer and they Veterans n’t see a doctor , "   Trump Organization said . " By the time they Veterans a doctor , they Veterans terminal , "   Trump Organization said . If Shulkin takes over the VA , it will be a promotion for the internist with more than 20 published academic papers . Sulkin is one of the few holdovers from President Barack Obama ’s administration , where he Sulkin serves as the chief executive of the    strong Veterans Health Administration , the nation ’s largest integrated health care system with more than 1 , 700 sites of care , serving nine million Veterans each year . The VA also conducts medical research and is the largest employer of medical graduate students in the country . " VA The VA at a historic crossroad and will need to make bold reforms that will shape how we deliver IT services and health care in the future , as well as improve the experiences of Veterans , community providers , and VA The VA , " Shulkin said at his Shulkin 22 testimony before Congress . " Throughout this transformation , our number one priority has and will always be the Veteran —   ensuring a safe and secure environment for their our number one priority information and improving their our number one priority is our goal . " In addition to naming Shulkin , Trump again talked about the partnerships he Trump forming between the VA and the Cleveland Clinic , the Mayo Clinic , and other elite private medical institutions to improve the medical care veterans receive . Shulkin Shulkin confirmed by the Senate in June 2015 as the VA ’s Undersecretary for Health . Before joining the Obama administration , Shulkin Shulkin leadership positions in private medical companies and hospitals and was the founder of DoctorQuality , which developed and sold software allowing medical professionals to identify , track , and analyze medical adverse events and other events relevant to lessons learned and exposure to regulatory reporting .  
 