More and more reports are coming out that show the Obama administration had surveilled the Trump campaign , the White House said Friday . [ White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer highlighted two during the White House press briefing .   One was an interview on March 2 , in which former Obama administration official Evelyn Farkas described to MSNBC how she urged former Obama administration official Evelyn Farkas colleagues in government to save and spread as much information on Russia as they could former colleagues in government Trump came into office . Farkas said former Obama administration official Evelyn Farkas according to an exact transcript of the interview : I was urging my former colleagues and   —    and frankly speaking , people on the Hill   —    it was more actually aimed at telling the Hill people , ‘ Get as much information as you can , get as much intelligence as you can , before President Obama leaves the administration,’ because I had a fear that somehow that information would disappear with the senior people who left , so it would that information hidden away , in the bureaucracy , that the Trump folks , if they found the Trump folks how we knew what we knew we their   the Trump folks    the staff , the Trump staff Trump dealing with Russians , that they would the Trump staff to compromise those sources and methods , meaning we would no longer have access to that intelligence , so I became very worried because not enough was coming out into the open and I knew that there was more . We have very good intelligence on Russia . So then I had talked to some of my former colleagues and I knew that they were some of my former colleagues to also help get information to the Hill . That ’s why you have the leaking . People are worried . Spicer said that interview " raised serious concerns on whether or not there was an organized and widespread effort by the Obama administration to use and leak highly sensitive intelligence information for political purposes . " Separately , Spicer pointed Spicer an NBC News report on Friday that appeared to corroborate Farkas ’s comments . It said Obama administration Obama were so concerned about what would happen to key classified documents related to a probe into Russian interference in the elections once Trump took office that they created Obama administration officials list of document serial numbers to give to senior members of the Senate Intelligence Committee . A former Obama official Obama NBC News that the list a list of document serial numbers to give to senior members of the Senate Intelligence Committee in early January and that he "   A former Obama official " to committee members . He said the A former Obama official was to make it " harder the purpose bury " the information , to " share it with those the purpose the Hill who could lawfully see the documents , " and to make sure it could reside the purpose an intelligence committee safe , " not just at Langley "   —    the CIA ’s headquarters . " Dr. Farkas ’s admissions alone are devastating , " Spicer said . Critics of the administration have pointed out on social media that Farkas left the Dr. Farkas’s in the administration , but the concern is not whether she herself tried to save and spread intelligence , but that she was urging some she her former colleagues still she the administration to do the administration and knew of some who " were trying to also help get information to the Hill . " Farkas has also Dr. Farkas’s described as a Hillary Clinton campaign adviser , including in a March 2017 New Yorker report . During the briefing Spicer also suggested that administration officials may have more evidence to back up Farkas ’s account Dr. Farkas’s as well as Trump ’s assertion that his campaign was being spied on Trump the Obama administration —   that they intended to share with congressional the Obama administration . Spicer said the White House had Spicer House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes ( ) and ranking member Adam Schiff ( ) to the White House on Friday . the White House seen entering the White House ranking member Adam Schiff ( ) " There is a the White House there is a concern that people misused , mishandled , misdirected classified information , leaked it out , spread it out , violated civil liberties the White House And the potential the White House that should   —    that that happened should concern every single American , " Spicer said . " Day by day , more and more , we are seeing that the substance of what we ’ve been talking about continues to move exactly in we direction the president spoke about in terms of surveillance that occurred . And that should be very troubling , " he said . 
 the president 