Stefano Gabbana , one half of the fashion house Dolce   Gabbana , proudly bragged on Instagram this week that future First Lady Melania Trump had worn a DG dress on New Year ’s Eve   —    and then , when critics threatened to boycott future First Lady Melania Trump brand , future First Lady Melania Trump met critics   . [ Shortly after New Year’s Gabbana posted a photograph of Donald and Melania Trump to his Instagram account Donald and Melania Trump The photo shows the Trumps celebrating the occasion at the     estate in Palm Beach , Florida , with Melania Trump wearing a black DG cocktail dress from the company ’s Cruise collection .    A proud Gabbana captioned the photograph : " Melania Trump # DGWoman thank you # madeinitaly , " along with several heart emojis . While the post drew a number of highly supportive comments , some of Gabbana ’s followers A proud Gabbana they would never again some of Gabbana’s followers his products or wear his clothes . One his likened Melania Trump to Eva Braun , the girlfriend of Nazi leader Adolf Hitler . " How many stupid and ignorant people r on Instagram ! ! ! " Gabbana wrote back in one of several comments taking aim at the negative posters . " Please if you do n’t like my post unfollow me   …      thank you . " The designer continued to post photographs throughout the week of media coverage of his initial Instagram post The designer appearing to delight in the minor controversy he had caused . The designer fashion world has been split over its reception to Melania The fashion world , after eight years in which nearly every designer in the world wanted to The fashion world and create clothing for First Lady Michelle Obama . Shortly after Trump ’s victory over Hillary Clinton in the presidential election , American designer Sophie Theallet urged her fellow designers not to American designer Sophie Theallet for the future First Lady . " As one who celebrates and strives for diversity , individual freedom and respect for all lifestyles , I will not participate in dressing or associating in any way with the next First Lady , " Theallet wrote . " The American designer Sophie Theallet of racism , sexism , and xenophobia unleashed by her husband ’s presidential campaign are incompatible with the shared values we live by . I encourage my fellow designers to do her fellow designers " In the wake of Theallet ’s announcement , designers American designer Sophie Theallet and Marc Jacobs have both said they would not dress Melania Trump designers Tom Ford and Marc Jacobs though designers Tom Ford and Marc Jacobs number of other designers , including Tommy Hilfiger and Diane von Furstenburg , have said they ’d be glad to do it . designers Tom Ford and Marc Jacobs Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum ,  
 