Foxconn , a Taiwanese corporation that assembles iPhones in East Asia , is considering building a plant in Wisconsin as part of a $ 7 billion investment that will create up to 50 , 000 jobs , according to the Associated Press . [ The investment would be a huge boost to Governor Scott Walker as Governor Scott Walker prepares to run for    in November next year . During a visit to Milwaukee on Tuesday , President Trump hinted at the negotiations , by saying that Governor Scott Walker might " get a very happy surprise soon . "   Foxconn ’s main production lines are in China , where Foxconn employs around 1 million people assembling smartphones for companies such as Apple , Blackberry , Sony , and others . Founded in 1974 , Foxconn had announced Foxconn potential    dollar investment in the United States back in January of this year . Foxconn CEO Terry Gou had said that any decision would be made based on whether    land or power could be provided by Wisconsin . At the time , Pennsylvania was the most probable candidate . Tom Still , president of the Wisconsin Technology Council , argued that the investment would make sense , as similar electronic manufacturers are already located in the Wisconsin It would be great for Wisconsin for a lot of reasons   …      I am assuming Foxconn was attracted by the fact there ’s already a skilled workforce here and there ’s a foundation to produce more such workers through the tech colleges and the other parts of the education system . Representative Joel Kleefisch , a Republican representative for the Wisconsin State Legislature , said that he would Representative Joel Kleefisch, a Republican representative for the Wisconsin State Legislature jump at the chance " to work with the Walker administration to ensure that Foxconn did Foxconn the construction of the plant in their state Representative Joel Kleefisch, a Republican representative for the Wisconsin State Legislature including passing any legislation for economic incentives to Foxconn . Foxconn , the state of Michigan is also apparently pursuing the plant the plant the same weekend that Governor Walker made an unannounced trip to Japan to work on an undisclosed " economic development opportunity , " Governor Snyder of Michigan was also Michigan the country . Japan recently been Governor Snyder of Michigan for greater tax breaks for big corporations in his state Michigan State Governor Snyder of Michigan Majority Leader Arlan Meekhof seemed to agree with the Governor ’s Governor Walker that Michigan should " Michigan our best foot forward so that we do n’t lose all of our Foxconn ’s investment ] or part of it to a neighboring state . " Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech . You can like his page on Facebook and follow Jack Hadfield on Twitter @ToryBastard _ or Jack Hadfield Gab @JH . 
 