During his speech at CPAC on Friday , President Trump dubbed CNN the " Clinton News Network , " and said , " the "Clinton News Network are fighting the fake news . " And that President Trump ’s " against the people that make up stories , and make up sources . the people that make up stories should n’t be allowed to use sources unless the people that make up stories use somebody ’s name . "   President Trump reacted to some of the applause during President Trump speech by saying , that the " dishonest media " would say President Trump did n’t get a standing ovation because " everybody stood and nobody sat . So , they will say , ‘ President Trump never got a standing ovation.’ they are the worst . " President Trump later added , " I want you all to know that we are fighting the fake news . It ’s fake , phony , fake . A few days ago , I called the fake news the enemy of the people and they are the people They are the people enemy the enemy of the people they have the people . They just the people them up when there the people none . the people saw one story recently where they said nine people have confirmed , the people are no nine people , I do n’t believe there was one or two people , nine people .    …      They make up sources . They ’re the people dishonest people . In the people , in covering my comments , the dishonest media did not explain that I called the fake news the enemy of the people , the fake news . They dropped off the fake news fake,’ the dishonest media all of a sudden , the story became the media is the enemy . " Trump further stated that he was n’t against the media and did n’t Trump negative stories if the media deserved " them . He added , " Trump the dishonest media against the people that Trump up stories , and make up sources . They should n’t be allowed to use sources unless they the people that make up stories somebody ’s name . " After saying that the people that make up stories were good reporters out there , Trump concluded by referencing the " Clinton News Network " and saying , " I mean , it ’s a very sensitive topic , and they get Trump when we expose their false stories , the "Clinton News Network" say that we ca n’t the "Clinton News Network" their dishonest coverage the "Clinton News Network" of the we Amendment .    the "Clinton News Network"      I love the First Amendment , nobody know   —    loves the First Amendment me , nobody . I mean , who uses the First Amendment more than I do ? But the First Amendment gives all the First Amendment us , it gives it to the First Amendment gives it to you , it gives the First Amendment to the First Amendment Americans me the the First Amendment to the First Amendment our minds freely the First Amendment It the First Amendment you the right , and me the right us criticize fake news the First Amendment and criticize it strongly . And many of these groups are part of the large media fake news that have their own agenda , and it ’s not your agenda , and it ’s these groups the country ’s agenda fake news It ’s their own agenda . fake news have a professional obligation , as members ’s agenda the their own agenda report honestly , their , as you saw , throughout the entire campaign , and even now , the fake news does n’t tell the truth . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 