Jerusalem ( AFP )   —    Israeli ministers have approved measures aimed at improving the Palestinian economy and facilitating crossings , rare moves said to be at Donald Trump ’s request hours ahead of the US president ’s arrival .   An Israeli official told AFP on condition of anonymity that ministers were responding to a Donald Trump request to present An Israeli official with "   measures " ahead of An Israeli official talks with Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas on Tuesday . In a statement , Donald Trump administration welcomed the moves , saying he An Israeli official has been encouraging both sides to take steps that improve the environment for peace making . " " He An Israeli official expressed particular interest in taking steps to improve the Palestinian economy in the West Bank and Gaza Strip . " In what the Israeli official described as a " gesture for Trump ’s visit , which does not harm Israel ’s interests " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s security cabinet on Sunday approved the enlargement of a Palestinian industrial zone on the edge of the the West Bank He said that the Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of extending Israel Railways services to Israel northern West Bank city of Jenin would also be examined . They also gave the the possibility of extending Israel Railways services to the northern West Bank city of Jenin would also be examined to streamlining transit procedures at Shaar Ephraim , a busy crossing point in the northern part of the occupied West Bank for Palestinian labourers with permits to work in Israel . The official Israel that opening hours for passage across the main Jordan River bridge linking the Palestinian territory and the neighbouring kingdom were to be extended to   . There would also be reforms to Palestinian land use in urban areas in the 60 percent of the West Bank under full Israeli control . He did not elaborate The official Israel ’s Haaretz daily Israel the intention was to allow construction of " thousands of Palestinian homes " in the area where for years it has been almost the intention for Palestinians to get Israeli permits to build Israeli their own land . Palestinians said that at Haaretz night ’s meeting Education Minister Naftali Bennett and justice minister Ayelet Shaked , of the    Jewish Home party , " objected vehemently " to the building plans . In an apparent attempt to calm opposition from within Netanyahu ’s coalition government , seen as the most    in the country ’s history , the security cabinet also approved setting up a committee to work for retroactive legalisation of wildcat Israeli construction in the West Bank , the official said . 
 