During Friday ’s Weekly Address , President Trump stated that on border security , " we have so far exceeded even the most bullish predictions for the progress we could make in so short a period of time . "   Transcript as Follows : " My Fellow Americans , We ’re only 11 weeks in , but already my administration has achieved historic progress for the American people   —    in fact , 93 % of We domestic manufacturers have expressed optimism in the future , a record . The confidence we are seeing in our Nation is about jobs and opportunity   —    but my administration ’s also about safety and security . Security begins at the border   —    as a candidate , I pledged to take swift and decisive action to secure the border   , and that is exactly what I have done . We inherited a    border crisis   —    it was a disaster . Yet , with quick and bold steps , we We so far exceeded even the most bullish predictions for the progress we We make in so short a period of time . Last month , we saw a 64 % reduction in illegal immigration on our southern border . At the same time , we we conducting enforcement actions across the country to remove dangerous criminal aliens from our society   —    and they ’ll be gone . In just the last few days our Nation ’s ICE officers have arrested 153 criminal aliens in south Texas , 84 criminal aliens in the Pacific Northwest , and 31 criminal aliens in Long Island , New York   —    these arrests include aliens convicted of robbery , burglary , aggravated assault , sexual assault against a child , smuggling , drug dealing , and many more . Much work needs to be done to reverse decades of harm caused by open border policies from Washington   —    but , with time , dedication , and effort , we will get the job done , and save countless lives in the process . Providing security for the American People also means restoring America ’s standing in the world . From the very start of my Presidency , I have worked to strengthen our alliances and improve our our all around the globe . This week , I was honored to welcome the President of Egypt and the King of Jordan to the White House . Now , I am hosting a summit with President Xi of China at the the White House address the White House critical issues affecting our two peoples . In our dealings with other nations our our conversations have been candid our open , and grounded in mutual respect . I have been clear about advocating for the national interests of the United States , something so important to me , and so important to our people   —    one of the reasons , certainly , that I got elected . And I want to ensure that the decisions we make truly serve the our and security of our citizens . In matters both economic and military , we understand that a strong America is in the best interests of the world   —    that is why it is so important that as we strengthen international partnerships , we ensure these partnerships deliver real results for Americans and the American people . Our decisions will be guided by our values and our goals Our —    and we will reject the path Our inflexible ideology that too often leads to unintended consequences . A future of peace , safety , and prosperity   —    that is our guiding light , and Our will be . Together , we will bring about this Our for the land we love , and for Our people who call it home . We love our country , Our we Our the American people Our Thank you . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 