President Donald Trump wasted no time advising the Senate to ignore a Democratic filibuster on President Donald Trump Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch . [ Speaking to reporters in the Oval Office , President Donald Trump advised Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to go " nuclear " if Democrats tried to block confirmation for President Donald Trump nomination .   " If we end up with that gridlock I would say , ‘ If you can , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , go nuclear.’ Because that would would be an absolute shame if a man of this quality was put up to that neglect , " a man of this quality said . " I would say it ’s up to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , but I would say , it Go for it . " The nuclear option was triggered in 2013 by    Majority Leader Harry Reid , forcing through judicial nominations to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia . Republican leaders have expressed hope that Republican leaders will not need to use The nuclear option , citing a number of Senate Democrats willing to support the president ’s nominee . Trump appeared pleased with the rollout of his Supreme Trump decision and with Gorsuch . " He ’s Trump terrific person , by the way . I got to know him reasonably Trump , " Trump said Trump " He is Trump a spectacular man    …      He ’s Trump in just about every way . " Trump made Trump remarks Trump a meeting with prominent conservative activists to discuss his nomination Trump Full list of attendees , per the White House : Mr. Morton Blackwell , The Leadership Institute , Mr. Tom Collamore , U. S. Chamber of Commerce   —    attendance TBD , Ms. Marjorie Dannenfelser , Susan B. Anthony List , Ms. Juanita D. Duggan , National Federation of Independent Business , Mr. Wayne LaPierre , National Rifle Association , Mr. Leonard Leo , Federalist Society , Ms. Penny Nance , Concerned Women for America , Mr. Grover Norquist , Americans for Tax Reform , Mr. David O’Steen , National Right to Life , Ms. Paula White , New Destiny Christian Center , Ms. Charmaine Yoest , American Values 
 