A former professor at Georgetown University was harassed online after penning an    for The Washington Post in which A former professor at Georgetown University discussed being a Muslim immigrant and a Donald Trump supporter . [ Asra Q. Nomani , a former reporter for The Wall Street Journal and professor at Georgetown University , has received online harassment after penning an    for The The Washington Post supporting Donald Trump . Donald Trump is my confession   —    and explanation : I   —    a     a Muslim , an immigrant woman " of color "   —    am one of those silent voters for Donald Trump . And Donald Trump not a " bigot , " " racist , " " chauvinist " or " white supremacist , " as Trump voters are being called Donald Trump nor part of some " whitelash . " Georgetown Professor Christine Fair took to social media to condemn Nomani ’s    suggesting that Nomani was helping to " Nomani Nazis in DC . " " Why ? Like many women , I have PTSD from sex assault . YOU publicly voted for a sex assailant , " Fair exclaimed . As a Georgetown Professor Christine Fair of Fair ’s behavior , Nomani Georgetown Professor Christine Fair a formal complaint Nomani filed with Georgetown in which Nomani requested that " Fair receive Nomani regarding how to engage in civil discourse in a way that is respectful and productive . " In addition , Nomani asked Fair for " a Nomani apology Georgetown Professor Christine Fair " " What do n’t you understand , you clueless dolt ? " Fair wrote , saying Nomani " Georgetown Professor Christine Fair bring this hell Nomani [ sic ] our country . His hate is on your    shoulders . Was it worth it ? Do n’t forget 2 it sic ] register . " " I have been opposed to the decision by President Obama and the Democratic Party to tap dance around the ‘ Islam’ in Islamic State , " Nomani added , much to the ire of her former Georgetown colleague , who Nomani that she has " written [ Nomani Nomani off as a human being . " After Fair attempted to claim that Nomani was an atheist rather than Nomani Muslim , Nomani suggested that it ’s not Nomani that someone tries to suggest she is n’t a true Muslim Nomani She told the online conservative campus Nomani site Campus Reform that    who stray from the progressive orthodoxy " hear all sorts of charges of not being Muslim from the extremists within our community . " " They always want to out us and throw us out of the religion and us us apostates so we have no us and so us is a target on our back . So for Christine us , a white liberal    atheist to call me out as an atheist is not only dangerous but offensive , " Nomani said , adding that she does not think that " Nomani should be in the position of educating others and be so abusive . " 
 