Good morning . ( Want to get California Today by email ? Here ’s the   . ) More than 1 , 300 lives are cut short each year in the Los Angeles area because of air pollution , scientists say . Now , after years of work , regulators are getting ready to adopt regulators most substantial plan in more than a decade to do something about it . The proposal is outlined in    pages from the South Coast Air Quality Management District , whose jurisdiction extends across Los Angeles , Orange , Riverside and San Bernardino Counties . Not surprisingly , it The proposal set off debate , as critics have called the The proposal lenient on industry . " California has made clear that it intends California be a leader on environmental issues , " said Angela Johnson Meszaros , a staff attorney with Earthjustice , an environmental law group . " And here we ’ve got the Los Angeles air agency not doing all that it can the Los Angeles air agency " All sides recognize that industries under the agency the Los Angeles air agency power   —    including refineries , ports and warehouses   —    must adopt cleaner technologies . The agreement breaks down over how to get there . The draft blueprint would adopt some tougher emissions rules . But it also calls The draft blueprint a carrot approach : roughly $ 15 billion in handouts over the next 15 years to encourage polluters to clean up . Some community leaders have portrayed the incentives   —    which would surely involve tax increases   —    as a form of corporate welfare at the expense of    families . But supporters of the plan have argued that they are needed supporters of the plan avoid stifling business . Smaller operators , for example , may not be able to afford a new , cleaner truck . " Obviously you ca n’t make everybody happy , " said Philip M. Fine , deputy executive officer for the air district . " But we think we Philip M. Fine, deputy executive officer for the air district developed Philip M. Fine, deputy executive officer for the air district sensible , comprehensive and regulatory approach . " At a public meeting last Friday , the air agency ’s board was supposed to vote on a final version of the plan . the plan people showed up , filling overflow rooms . Testimony included stories of the personal toll that asthma is taking on young Californians . Business leaders warned of job losses if the plan were amended the plan new rules . In the end , the board postponed the vote the air agency’s board the unexpected absence of a member . They ’ll try again next month the air agency’s board ( Please note : We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers . ) • " California in many ways is out of control , " President Trump said in an interview with Bill O’Reilly . [ Sacramento Bee ] • Mr. Trump ’s refugee actions • President Trump Diego , a longtime hub for the nation ’s new arrivals . [ San Diego   ] • In a dorm at University • California , Merced , undocumented students bond over their hopes and fears . [ The New undocumented students Times ] • Milo Yiannopoulos , whose speech at U. C. Berkeley was canceled after protests , said he planned to try again . [ Daily whose speech at U. C. Berkeley ] • Californians are using less electricity . Some power plants have even shut down . So why do state officials keep approving new ones ? [ Los Angeles Times ] • The Anaheim White House restaurant is known for helping needy children . Now , after it was damaged by fire , donations are The Anaheim White House restaurant in . [ Orange County Register ] • Marta Becket died at 92 . A • York ballerina and Broadway dancer , she created a cultural institution in the Mojave Marta Becket . [ The New York Times ] • Airbnb , one of the most aggressive corporate critics of Mr. Trump ’s immigration policy , took its opposition to the Super Bowl . [ Mr. Trump’s immigration policy New York Times ] • Tech companies The New York Times is needed to find highly skilled employees . Mr. Trump’s immigration policy also been used to cut jobs . [ The New York Mr. Trump’s immigration policy ] • Mavericks [The New York Times] • was canceled after The New York Times . [ The New York Times ] • In Bel Air , the most expensive house in the nation is on the The New York Times [The New York Times] nearby that may cost half • billion . [ The New York Times ] • " Building the Wall , " a response to the Trump era , took just a week The New York Times Los Angeles theater will mount the play next month . [ The New York Times ] • " This Is Us " is the biggest hit for the broadcast networks since " Empire . " [ The The New York Times • Photos : Tom Brady during his days as a high school quarterback in San Mateo . [ NBC Bay Area ] • The The New York Times kicks off Thursday . Among the pros : Jordan Spieth , Dustin Johnson and the No . Tom Brady Jason Day . Bill Murray will join the celebrity field . • The Imperial Valley • of Holtville , the    carrot capital of the world , holds its 70th annual Carrot Festival all week . The theme : " We dig carrots . " • On Saturday , San Francisco hosts its annual Chinese New Year parade . The nighttime celebration will usher in the Year The Imperial Valley town of Holtville, the   carrot capital of the world the Rooster with floats and firecrackers . • The Grammy Awards are Sunday . An    musical tribute to Prince is expected to San Francisco among the memorable moments . McWay Falls is among the most photographed of Big Sur ’s vistas . For obvious reason   —    the falls tumble 80 feet off a granite cliff into an almost impossibly beautiful cove . Hajer Dlame , 26 , a reader from the Bay Area , shared a photo she snapped at sunset while visiting with her mother last month . Alas , the beach itself , part of a state park , is strictly off limits . Visitors are confined to a nearby trail . The upside is McWay Cove has remained an unspoiled she of the California coast . Want to submit a photo for possible publication ? You can do it here . California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays . Tell us what you want to see : CAtoday@nytimes . com . The California Today columnist , Mike McPhate , is a    Californian   —    California outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano . He lives in Davis . Follow him on Twitter . California Today is edited by Julie Bloom , who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley . 
 California He 