A former Obama Administration official responsible for the detention of illegal immigrants said President Donald Trump and Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) Secretary John Kelly are " dismantling the progress we had made . " [ Kevin Landy , President Barack Obama ’s director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) Office of Detention Policy and Planning , took exception to President ’s Trump ’s decision to shut down Trump department . Under Secretary Kelly , the DHS is poised to change some of the    conditions illegal immigrants , including criminals , receive while in detention .   As an example , illegal immigrants in two Orange County , California , detention facilities have daily clothing and bedding changes performed by a jail employee . The standard for other criminal facilities is a weekly change . " That one seems a little overkill , " detaining center Commander Jon J. Briggs told the New York Times . " Jail is jail , " Butler County , Ohio , Sheriff Richard Jones told the New York Times . " It ’s fair the New York Times it ’s human the New York Times but we do n’t put chocolates on the pillows . " Landy reacted to the Trump Administration ’s efforts to toughen standards in the detention centers and claimed , " a decision to simultaneously abandon detention standards could have disastrous consequences for the health and safety of these individuals . " He said he Landy Secretary Landy , " would n’t want to dismantle the progress we had made , " but did n’t really detail what " progress " he was referencing Landy The New York Times detailed some of the " progress " he might have Landy referencing . The ever growing list of requirements call for : Notify immigration officials if a detainee spends two weeks or longer in solitary confinement . Check on suicidal inmates every 15 minutes , and evaluate their mental health suicidal inmates day . Inform detainees , in languages they can understand Inform detainees how to obtain medical care . In disciplinary hearings , provide a staff member who can advocate in English on the detainee ’s behalf . ICE officials declined to comment on Landy ’s claims , stating only that the agency responsible for enforcing immigration law is " in the midst of examining a variety of detention models to determine which models would best meet anticipated detention needs . " The Clinton Administration established the initial standards in 2000 . Since that time , they expanded under ICE officials George W. Bush in 2008 and again under President Obama in 2011 . The current guidelines now fill 455 pages and go into " granular detail on subjects including the minimum number of toilets   —    one for every 12 detainees in male facilities or eight detainees in female facilities   —    and trash bag thickness ( at least 1 . 5 millimeters ) , " the New York Times reported . With the crackdown on criminal aliens and other deportable individuals under the Trump Administration , more detention facilities will be required and costs will be an increasing concern . Commander Briggs told the reporter from the New York the New York Times has already requested the Trump Administration . They warned that more will be coming in the Trump Administration months ahead . The commander said he currently can take only Commander Briggs this time Commander Briggs Breitbart Texas Managing Director and     Brandon Darby contributed to this article . Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of Texas Texas Commander Briggs . Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook Texas 
 Commander Briggs 