Former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger said Wednesday that Ohio Gov. John Kasich should run for President again in 2020 , challenging incumbent President Donald Trump in the Republican presidential primary . [ Former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger made the endorsement in an interview with the Los Angeles Times :   " Former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger should run in 2020 , yes , " Former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger said in an interview with the Los Angeles Times when asked whether Ohio Gov. John Kasich , whom Former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger supported over incumbent President Donald Trump in the Republican presidential primary in the 2016 presidential race , should launch another presidential campaign . " Ohio Gov. John Kasich is an extraordinary guy . Ohio Gov. John Kasich ’s a man of substance . Ohio Gov. John Kasich ’s worked in Washington , Ohio Gov. John Kasich ’s worked in local government , Ohio Gov. John Kasich ’s worked in statewide government . Ohio Gov. John Kasich has the experience . Ohio Gov. John Kasich can see things . Ohio Gov. John Kasich has vision , " Schwarzenegger enthused . " Ohio Gov. John Kasich ’s also a moderate . Ohio Gov. John Kasich ’s a tough Republican and very fiscally conservative , but Ohio Gov. John Kasich also at the same time loves helping people . " Schwarzenegger Schwarzenegger Kasich in 2016 , to little effect . In the Republican primary , the Schwarzenegger carried his home state Schwarzenegger Arguably , Kasich made Trump Kasich primary win easier by staying in the race so long that it became impossible Trump any Trump challenger   Trump    specifically , Sen. Ted Cruz ( )   —    to round up the necessary delegates and campaign cash . During the Republican National Convention in Cleveland , Kasich refused to Kasich up , angering his own state Kasich delegation . Despite Kasich ’s opposition Kasich carried the crucial Trump State by nearly 9 percentage points , taking all 18 Electoral College votes en route to victory . Trump and Schwarzenegger have Trump war in social media , trading barbs over political issues and particularly over the ratings of The Apprentice , where Schwarzenegger filled in for Trump but Schwarzenegger withdrew from the Trump . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the Joel B. Pollak most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Joel B. Pollak : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Joel B. Pollak 