NEW YORK ( AP )   —    NBC News is moving ahead with plans to air Megyn Kelly ’s interview with conspiracy theorist Alex Jones this weekend despite a backlash that has cost the show advertisers and led to Megyn Kelly being dropped as host for an event by an organization founded by parents of children killed at the Sandy Hook Elementary School . [ The network has been taken aback by the response to booking conspiracy theorist Alex Jones , the " Infowars " host who has questioned whether the killing of 26 people in 2012 at the school in Newton , Connecticut , was a hoax . NBC News Chairman Andy Lack said the story will be edited with the sensitivity of the story critics in mind .   " It ’s important to get It right , " NBC News Chairman Andy Lack said . Reporters have interviewed controversial characters like Syrian President Bashar Assad and child molesters in the past without getting this kind of a reaction , Kelly said in an interview Tuesday . " What I think we ’re doing is journalism , " Kelly said . " The bottom line is that while The bottom line ’s not always popular , The bottom line ’s important . I would submit to you that neither I nor NBC News has elevated Alex Jones in any way . Alex Jones ’s been elevated by 5 or 6 million viewers or listeners , and by the president of the United States . As you know , journalists do n’t get the choice over who has power or influence in our country . " Sandy Hook Promise , an    violence group , said Sandy Hook Promise, an   violence group had asked Kelly to step down as host of Sandy Hook Promise, an   violence group    gala in Washington . Sandy Hook Promise, an   violence group can not support Kelly Kelly NBC ’s decision to give a platform to Jones and hopes NBC NBC its NBC to broadcast the interview , said Nicole Hockley ,    and managing director . Hockley , whose     son Dylan was killed at Sandy Hook , founded the organization with Mark Barden , who lost his     son Daniel . Kelly said she Kelly and respected the decision , but was disappointed . NBC ’s plans have cost it NBC advertisers for this week ’s edition of " Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly . " It was not immediately clear how many only the financial firm JPMorgan Chase has been publicly identified . " That comes with the territory , " Lack said . " It It not unusual . We kind of know when we We doing controversial stories , that ’s going to happen . It It n’t stop us We doing controversial stories . " To some critics , NBC ’s timing makes the decision worse   —    airing on Father ’s Day an interview that has been publicly denounced by parents who lost young children at Sandy Hook . NBC NBC it NBC scheduled for competitive reasons , because Jones had been booked to appear on ABC ’s daytime show " The View " next week . A representative of " The View " said Jones Jones canceled his Jones there and he Jones not be rescheduled . Lack noted that he Jones suggested approaching Jones Jones an interview to David Corvo , the NBC News executive who supervises the network ’s newsmagazines . He Jones there ’s nothing new about putting people on the air even if they people unpopular or have views that are deplorable to many . " I ’ve got tremendous understanding of why they people so upset , as they people every right to be , " he Jones . " Of course we ’re looking at it . We we looking at the editorial process . " The interview has put Kelly , who jumped to NBC from Fox News Channel earlier this year , squarely back in the headlines the New York Daily News called it the New York Daily News Nutwork News " on its the New York Daily News page Tuesday . She was one of Trump ’s favorite targets during the presidential campaign because he was annoyed at tough questions she She him he a    debate . Jones , for his Jones , has already denounced the interview as " fake news " and said it the interview purposeful hit job on him he " I knew in my gut this was going to blow up in their face , " he Jones on his Jones . 
 