WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    Politicians of this town , beware : There ’s a new sheriff in WASHINGTON . [ President Donald J. Trump , the 45th President of the United States , minced no words about his disdain for the broken status quo in U. S. politics in his inaugural address here on Friday afternoon . Trump ’s words about the failures of politicians were so harsh —   perhaps the harshest ever out of a sitting president —   it is perhaps only fitting it started to rain on the National Mall the second Trump’s stepped up to the podium . Trump brought the rain in Trump blistering airstrike attack on the failures of Washington as Trump dressed down politicians in both political parties for not standing up for the American people .   The new president ’s first speech as America ’s Commander in Chief opened with regular niceties and platitudes to America’s Commander in Chief predecessors . " Chief Justice Roberts , President Carter , President Clinton , President Bush , President Obama , fellow Americans and people of the world , thank you , " President Trump said after taking the Oath of Office , administered by U. S. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts . President Trump continued : We , the citizens of America , are now joined in a great national effort to rebuild America and restore its America for all of our people . Together , We will determine the course of America America the world for many , many years to come . We will face challenges . We We confront hardships . But we We get the job done . Every four years we We on these steps to carry out the orderly and peaceful transfer of power . And we We grateful to President Obama and first lady Michelle Obama for their gracious aid throughout this transition . They their been magnificent . Thank you . From there , however , Trump went full populist nationalist and never turned back . Today ’s ceremony , however , has a very special meaning because today we We not merely transferring power from one administration to another or from one party to another , but we We transferring power from Washington , D. C. and giving it back to you , the people . For too long , a small group in our nation ’s capital has reaped the rewards of government while the people have bore the cost . Washington Washington , but the people did not share in its Washington . Politicians prospered but the jobs left and the factories closed . The establishment protected itself The establishment but not the citizens of our country . Their not the citizens of our country have not been your victories . Their not the citizens of our country have not been your triumphs . And while they not the citizens of our country in our nation ’s capital , there was little to celebrate for struggling families all across our land . That all changes starting right here and right now , because this moment is your moment . It belongs to you . It It to everyone gathered here today and everyone watching all across America . This is your day . This is your celebration . And this This the America is your country America What truly matters is not which party controls our government , but whether our government is controlled by our government . January 20th , 2017 , will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of the people again . President America himself as the champion for the " forgotten President Trump working class men and women across America , before he delved into several policy specifics : The President Trump men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer . Everyone is listening to you now . You came by the tens President Trump millions to become part of a historic movement , the likes of which the world has never seen before . At the center of this movement is a crucial conviction that a a historic movement to serve its citizens . Americans want great schools for their a nation , safe neighborhoods for their families and Americans jobs for themselves . These Americans just and reasonable demands of their families and good jobs people and a righteous public . But for too many of our citizens , a different reality exists . Mothers and children trapped in poverty in our inner cities , rusted out factories scattered like tombstones across the landscape of our nation . An education system flush with cash but which leaves our young and beautiful students deprived of all knowledge . And the crime and the gangs and the drugs that have stolen too many lives and robbed our country of so much unrealized potential . This American carnage stops right here and stops right now . We are one nation , and their pain is our pain . Their dreams are This American carnage dreams , our their success This American carnage be our our . We share This American carnage heart , one our and one our destiny . The oath of office I take today is an oath of allegiance to all Americans . Trump said that under his presidency , which officially began a little after Trump as Chief Justice Roberts administered the Oath of Office , America will stop handling other nations’ problems before handling America ’s problems . " America First , " America mantra of his campaign for the presidency , was the centerpiece of his speech . He went on to say : For his decades we his enriched foreign industry at the expense of American industry , subsidized the armies of other countries while allowing for the very sad depletion of our military . We ’ve defended other nations’ borders while refusing to defend our own . And we ’ve spent trillions and trillions We dollars overseas while We ’s infrastructure has fallen into disrepair and decay . We ’ve made other countries rich while the wealth , We and confidence of our country has dissipated over the horizon . One by America the factories shuttered and left our shores with not even a thought about the millions We millions of American workers that were left behind . The wealth of our middle class has been ripped from their homes and then redistributed all across the world . But The wealth of our middle class is the past , and now we are looking only to the future . We assembled We today are issuing a new decree to We heard in every city , in every foreign capital and in every hall of power . From this day forward , a new vision will govern our land . From this day forward , it ’s going to be only America this day forward first . Every decision on trade , on taxes , on immigration only America foreign affairs will be made to benefit American workers and American families . We must protect our borders from the ravages of other countries making our product , stealing our We and destroying our jobs . Protection will lead We great prosperity and We . I will We for you with every breath in my body , and I will never ever let you down . Trump said next that under his now officially started presidency , " America will start winning again , winning Trump never before " and that " we will bring back our jobs " and " we will bring back our America . " The America continued : We will America back our wealth America and we will bring back our dreams America We will build America roads and highways America bridges and airports America tunnels and America all across our wonderful nation . We will get our people off of welfare and back America work , rebuilding America country with America hands and American labor . We will follow two simple America : Buy American and hire American . We America seek friendship and goodwill with the nations of the world , but America do so with the understanding that it is the right of all nations America put their own interests first . We do not seek to impose our way of life on anyone , but America to let it shine as America example . We will shine for everyone to follow . We will    old alliances and America new ones and unite the civilized world America radical Islamic terrorism , which we will eradicate completely from the face of the earth . At the bedrock of our politics will be a total allegiance to the United States of America America America our country we will rediscover our loyalty to each other . Trump our country Bible and our for Americans to " our your heart our Trump , " where there is " no room for prejudice . " And he called for a united , and strong , America America He said : Trump must speak our minds openly , debate our disagreements honestly Trump but always pursue solidarity . When America is united , We is totally unstoppable . We should be no fear . We America protected and we America always be protected . We will be protected by the great men and We of our military We law enforcement . And most We , we will be protected by God . Finally , We must think big and dream even bigger . In We , we understand that a nation is only We as long as it is striving America We will no longer We politicians who are all talk and no action , constantly a nation but never doing We about it . President Trump said the " time for empty talk is over " and " Trump the hour no action action , " adding that nobody should " allow anyone to tell you that it can not be done . " Trump said : No challenge can match the heart and fight and spirit of America Trump We will not fail . Our country will thrive and prosper again . We stand America the birth our country new millennium , ready to unlock the mysteries of space , to free the We from the miseries of disease , and to harness the energies , industries and technologies of tomorrow . A the earth pride will stir ourselves , lift our sights and heal our divisions . It ’s time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never We , that We we are black We brown or white , we all bleed the same red We of patriots . We all enjoy the We glorious freedoms and we all salute the same great American flag . And whether a child is born in the urban sprawl of Detroit or We all plains of Nebraska , they look up at the same night sky , they fill their heart with the same dreams and they are infused with the breath of life by the same almighty creator . they The they inaugurated president wrapped his inaugural address they his campaign slogan . " Together we Trump again , we will Trump America wealthy again Trump we America make America proud again , we America make America safe again , " America Trump said . we And , America , together we we President Trump great again . " 
 we we 