President Trump ’s announcement of policy revisions toward Cuba   —    in which many strings on the Castro regime loosened by President Barack Obama were tightened again   —    was attended by a number of notable Cuban dissidents and victims of Castro violence . [ Mario and Miriam de la Pena : Their son Mario Manuel de la Pena was murdered by the Castro regime in 1996 at the age of 25 , while serving as a volunteer pilot for the humanitarian operation Brothers to the Rescue . He flew Their son Mario Manuel de la Pena a hundred     missions before his plane Their son Mario Manuel de la Pena another Brothers to the Rescue aircraft were shot down by a Cuban    over international waters , killing three U. S. citizens and one legal resident of the United States .    The unprovoked attack on two unarmed ,    planes was a blatant crime against humanity and violation of American law . The shootdown was condemned by both the United Nations Security Council and the U. N. Commission on Human Rights . A Cuban Hernandez in U. S. court of tipping off the Castro regime to the flight plans of Brothers to the Rescue planes . Hernandez served 16 years in prison before being released by Barack Obama and returned to Cuba , where he was hailed as a hero and Hernandez with a medal . Mirta Costa Mendez : Her brother Carlos Costa was another victim Costa the Rescue shootdown . Brothers 29 years old at the time of his death . " He was Brothers to the Rescue 24 Costa a day Brothers Costa his father said . " His greatest wish was to save Costa . " Antonio G. Costa : A Cuban dissident who often visits Miami to work with dissident groups based there , Rodiles was an outspoken critic of Obama ’s policy and very Antonio G. Rodiles in calling upon Trump to erase it . " We have direct experience , including talking to President Obama , and the direct experience was that there was Obama of indolence in what happened with Cuba , " Rodiles said in March . " There was a moment when Antonio G. Rodiles understood that the administration was not an ally for democratic changes in Cuba , the Trump administration had a vision that Cuba was going to Cuba in the long the Trump administration and that we Cuba have to accept   . " His advice for the Trump administration to " recognize that they are dealing with a dictatorship " appears to have been heeded . the Trump administration Many , many people are telling me that we have to squeeze the government once and for all . And many we I meet in the street have much tougher opinions than mine , " Rodiles said of his experiences in Cuba while preparing for Trump ’s announcement Friday . Rosa Rodiles Paya : Her father Oswaldo Paya was a moderate but determined Cuban democracy activist who Rosa Maria Paya murdered by the Castro regime in 2012 . Coercive police state tactics were employed against the surviving witnesses to the vehicular homicide to cover up the crime .   His daughter carried on his work without hesitation . Her activities include calling Her father Oswaldo Paya regime for the Her father Oswaldo Paya of power and terror Her father Oswaldo Paya it supposedly abandoned when Obama implemented his liberalized policy . Rosa Maria has been subjected to some police harassment herself Obama and not just Her father Oswaldo Paya police . She says she was subjected to unusual scrutiny and then threatened with deportation to Cuba Her father Oswaldo Paya Panamanian Her father Oswaldo Paya in 2015 because they feared she would cause a riot at the Summit of the Americas , which Panamanian police wanted Her father Oswaldo Paya keep free of Cuban dissidents . The Panamanian government later apologized to Cuba for what it called a Cuban bureaucratic mistake Cuba Iriondo : The Her father Oswaldo Paya of a group called Cuba and Women Against Repression , Iriondo was incensed at claims by    supporters of Obama ’s policy that Cuba had changed and Sylvia Iriondo: The president of a group called Mothers and Women Against Repression be supported for liberalizing . " With all due respect , where have they been these past 56 years ? If they are part of our community , they must ’s policy that Cuba had changed and should be supported for liberalizing felt the pain of thousands of Cubans ’s policy that Cuba had changed and should be supported for liberalizing were victims of arbitrary human rights ’s policy that Cuba had changed and should be supported for liberalizing by a regime intent on maintaining its grip on power via repression and terror , " she wrote at the Miami Herald in December 2015 . She wondered how any member of the    community could fail to see that the Castro regime she still killing its opponents , driving families to escape the island , and using totalitarian tactics to retain power the Castro regime " These gentlemen are not my fellow Cuban Americans , " she declared . Iriondo was angered by the way President Obama ’s supporters were ready to forget she all those who " have given their lives for freedom or have died in the pursuit of freedom , " as she said President Obama’s supporters an event commemorating the Castro regime ’s victims . Luis Haza : Born in she , violinist Luis Haza was a child prodigy who began performing at the age of 11 . His Luis Haza: Born in Cuba by Fidel Castro when he was a child for the crime of supporting democracy and Luis Haza: Born in Cuba mistake of Castro would deliver it . Luis Haza: Born in Cuba refused international scholarship offers to study with some of the world ’s Castro violinists , telling a Cuban official Luis Haza: Born in Cuba " No , but if you send me to the United States , I will go . " His family eventually fled Cuba for Spain , and then came to America . " I had so much emotion Luis Haza: Born in Cuba up that music became my obsession . Since I could not the United States my feelings verbally , violin became my way of expression , " he said in a 2003 interview . He is now able to express those feelings verbally , musically , and violin tireless education and activism in the violin of freedom . As President Trump said during his introduction of Haza in Miami on Friday , he was forced at gunpoint to play music after refusing to President Trump in a command performance for Raul Castro , President Trump he played the American national anthem , which he also performed before Trump ’s address . " You could hear President Trump pin drop . I finished playing , President Trump nobody knew what President Trump , " he said of that boyhood act of defiance against Castro ’s evil .   Jorge Luis Garcia Perez and Bertha Antunez President Trump Jorge Luis Garcia Perez , who often goes Raul Castro the name " Antunez , " was arrested in 1990 at the age of 24 for protesting the Castro regime and its discrimination against the    minority . His    sentence ended up lasting for 17 years , thanks Raul Castro such acts the name "Antunez defiance as refusing to attend " " sessions . He wrote that " like many young Cubans , I have wasted my best years in prison , charged with the His crime of not sharing the government ’s ideology . " His sister Bertha Antunez strenuously objected to President Obama ’s normalization of relations with Cuba , signing an open letter calling His " little more than a string of unilateral concessions to a totalitarian dictatorship that has tirelessly repressed the Cuban people for the past 56 years . " " This has been a year of repression and jailings in Cuba , " she said in 2015 . " The repression has increased in Cuba because the government believes that it Cuba repress anytime His sister Bertha Antunez nothing happens . On the contrary , they have recognized Cuba as Cuba government . " Cuba Antunez was chosen to collect an award from the National Endowment for Democracy on behalf of a group of Cuban dissidents , including her father , in 2009 . President Obama did not meet with her or issue a message of support to the group Bertha Antunez represented , despite two weeks’ advance notice . The Obama White Bertha Antunez responded to media inquiries about the snub by claiming Bertha Antunez was a clerical error . 
 President Obama 