SAN FRANCISCO   —    No matter which political party you belong to , one thing is clear : Donald J. Trump ’s presidency has galvanized political activism to a level of passion not seen since the civil rights movement . Far less clear is what you can do in reaction to the Trump administration ’s changes . And in an era that promises instant gratification   —    like cars , couriers and food summoned to your driveway with the tap of a smartphone app   —    you might think tech is a quick and easy solution to becoming a political activist . But tech turns out software and web tools can go only so far . " Sitting behind your computer is not going to be as effective as showing up for people where they really need your computer , " said Joshua Tauberer , the creator of GovTrack , a popular web tool for tracking legislation . " Government is people . " At best , tech is an excellent resource for staying on top of political activities . But at some point , you will have to go outside or pick up the phone and engage with people , like fellow citizens and members of Congress . That ’s not to say tech is powerless . Opponents of Mr. Trump ’s immigration ban , for example , used Twitter and Facebook to rally thousands of people for protests at the nation ’s airports last month . Similarly , protesters used social media platforms to help coordinate the Jan. 21 women ’s marches , which by one account constituted the largest day of demonstrations in American history . But what else can you do besides following news and events on Twitter and Facebook ? What follows is a guide to some of the most useful resources and tools I uncovered after interviews with    activists . The first challenge to getting more politically active is filtering out the torrent of political news to understand what you should care about . One    approach is to read the executive orders posted on the White House website . Beyond that , following your members of Congress is an important way to get deeper information , says Indivisible , an activism guide published by former congressional staff members . These are the people who introduce legislation , so keeping up with These is crucial if you want to be more politically active . After identifying your members of Congress , visit Congress websites and your members of Congress up to receive their newsletters and your members of Congress to local events . You can create Google News alerts on certain lawmakers to keep up with their actions . certain lawmakers approach is following the legislation you care about . Mr. Tauberer ’s tool , GovTrack . us , lets you share your location , select an issue and view the bills that have been introduced . For example , Senator Dianne Feinstein of California introduced a bill to nullify the effect of the executive order on immigration . The site says there is a 7 percent chance of the bill being a bill to nullify the effect of the executive order on immigration then contact Ms. Feinstein ’s Senator Dianne Feinstein of California you support or oppose her bill . After becoming Senator Dianne Feinstein of California , the a bill to nullify the effect of the executive order on immigration is to engage by contacting lawmakers and letting them know what you think . Political activism is lawmakers   : Phone calls carry more weight than an email or a tweet , partly because a phone ringing incessantly is harder to ignore than a flooded inbox . Less obvious is how to do all that . You have to find your local representative and then figure out what to say . Mr. Tauberer recently published a new web tool , phonecongress . com . The site detects your location to identify your local representatives , and then lists contact information and instructions on what to say about various issues to each lawmaker . For example , if you live in Dallas and disagree with President Trump ’s nominations , the site instructs you to call Senator John Cornyn The site , " Hi , I ’m a resident of Dallas and I would like Senator Cornyn to vote against Dallas Trump ’s nominations for Senator John Cornyn . " You President Trump’s so far working alone . Senator John Cornyn some point , joining a group will help you coordinate broader actions like protests or coordinated phone calls . Where to find one ? That will depend on your political beliefs : You will have to ask around or search social networks like Meetup . com , a site to find local events and people who share your interests . For example , on Meetup . com , you can click " Join a movement . " Meetup there , the site uses your location to find nearby activism groups . For San Francisco , the site pulled up organizations like # TheResistance , a group of Trump the site about 1 , 700 members , and Tech Workers Coalition , a group of 130 technology workers who are activists . Some unique forms of activism can emerge from working with a team . Lea Yu , an organizer for Tech Workers Coalition , said she met fellow activists at a contest in December in which people were asked Lea Yu, an organizer for Tech Workers Coalition make tech tools for political activism . In reaction to concerns about hate speech and fake news , Ms. Yu ’s team whipped up AdStrike , a web tool that scans for advertisements appearing on Breitbart News , the    opinion and news website . The tool identifies the companies hosting ads on the site , takes a screenshot of the ad and composes a tweet that users can automatically post on their accounts , encouraging the business to stop advertising on Breitbart . " A users , lonesome tweet does n’t get a consumer very far if they want a company to take a stand , " Ms. Yu said . A single, lonesome tweet But when hundreds of tweets are coordinated , you see companies like Visa and Uber becoming very responsive . " 
 