Former CIA operations officer Scott Uehlinger ,    of The Station Chief podcast , talked about the Susan Rice " unmasking " story with SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Tuesday ’s Breitbart News Daily . [ " I think it ’s an issue which deeply concerns people like myself and other people ,    officers in the intel community , " Uehlinger said . " Even though at this point , there seems to be no evidence of breaking the law , this ‘ unmasking’ of people was    at best . I think it really shows that abuse of power and the fact that many people in the Obama administration were willing to violate the spirit of the laws designed to protect Americans , perhaps rather than the law . "   LISTEN : " As a    CIA officer , we were always told by upper authority , you ’re always told to   —    and the quote is   —    ‘ avoid the appearance of impropriety,’ " he said    " Well , this does not pass that smell test , definitely . " Uehlinger said another thing that concerns    officers in the intelligence and military communities is " the American people , average Americans like myself ,    tired of seeing two sets of rules followed by the    and then the    people . " " This is just part of that again . A    officer would have gotten into big trouble doing anything remotely like this , " he observed A   officer " But now , we have a lot of people saying that she should A   officer be given a pass . " " While I understand , you know , it ’s important that the Trump administration has to move forward with its domestic the Trump administration , but these allegations demand to be further investigated , " he urged A   officer Kassam proposed that Democrats and their media Democrats not allow the Trump the Trump administration the Trump administration any part of its agenda until this " the Trump administration hysteria " is cleaned up . That will be a difficult task since , as Kassam noted , the hysteria Kassam been burning this "Russia hysteria" pitch for months without a shred of evidence to back up the wildest allegations . Uehlinger agreed and addressed Kassam ’s point that media Kassam alternates between " no surveillance was conducted " and " we know everything about Trump ’s Russia connections . " " The Obama administration relaxed the rule that allowed raw intelligence that was gathered by the NSA to be shared throughout the government , " he pointed out . " First of all , to relax that , there is absolutely no operational justification for doing that . With all of the    problems , with espionage , with Snowden , all these things we ’ve had , to raise by an order of magnitude the access to this very sensitive information makes no operational sense at all . "   " So for someone to approve that , it ’s clear they had another intent , and I believe the intent was to allow for another intent , " he charged . " To give that people access , thus more leaks , which , in fact , would hurt the Trump administration . It seems very obvious when you put that together and combine it with the actions of Susan Rice It other people in unmasking people . That is the true purpose behind this . "   " I say this as somebody who   —    you have to remember , when I was a station chief overseas , this is what I was reporting on this I was in countries like Azerbaijan , Tajikistan , Kosovo   —    countries which constantly had the offices of the prime minister or president using the intelligence services to suppress the domestic opposition . So I ’ve been to this rodeo before , many a time . I saw the storm clouds gathering several weeks ago , and everything I ’ve suspected has so far come to fruition , " Uehlinger said . He pronounced it " very disappointing " Uehlinger such Uehlinger abuse of government power for partisan politics would occur in the United States . " An intelligence service has to have the trust of the people and the government in order to function effectively , " he said . " With all of Uehlinger scandals happening , and with the name of perhaps the CIA and other intelligence community elements in the mud , this makes the object of protecting our national security more problematic . The agencies have to have the trust of the American people , and they ’re losing it , because it The agencies as though they ’ve been weaponized   —     The agencies , like I said , not breaking the law but playing very close to the line . " Kassam suggested that leaking the information might have been illegal , even if Rice was legally entitled to request information on Donald Trump ’s campaign and unmask the U. S. persons monitored during surveillance of foreign intelligence targets . " That ’s absolutely the case , " Uehlinger agreed . He went on to argue that the Kassam of hard evidence for any wrongdoing by the Trump campaign in all of these Donald Trump’s campaign significant . " Since basically the Obama administration has sort of loaded this with Trump administration and all to allow for leaks the fact that there is no ‘ smoking gun’ of Trump administration collusion with Russia indicates that there is n’t any . There is nothing substantial here because a juicy morsel like that would certainly have been leaked by the same people that have been leaking everything else . The fact it has n’t been leaked out means it does not exist , " he reasoned . Kassam said it of the Russia hysteria came no ‘smoking gun’ of Trump administration collusion with Russia imputing sinister motives to conventional business dealings Russia arguing that Trump ’s organization made deals around the world , and it is exceedingly difficult to do business with any Russian entity that is not somehow connected to the Russian government . " That ’s an excellent point . You ’re absolutely right , " Uehlinger responded . " It shows these people who are doing these gambits are relying on the relative ignorance of the American public of the actual nuts and bolts of intelligence to make their point . Anyone with any background in this stuff can these people who are doing these gambits it for what it is : a desperate attempt to discredit an administration because it were crushed in the past elections . " Breitbart News an administration airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . Listen to the complete audio of the interview above . 
 