The conversion of the Los Angeles Gay Pride march into the    " # ResistMarch " on Sunday marked the effective end of the gay rights movement . [ Once , the gay rights movement stood for tolerance : hence the rainbow flag , which is a symbol not only of pride but also of acceptance . But the message on Sunday was that lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender and queer ( LGBTQ ) conservatives are unwelcome in that spectrum   —    and are , in fact , aiding the enemy .   The purpose of Gay Pride parades , in L. A. and elsewhere , has historically been to create an environment into which LGBTQ individuals could " come out of the closet " and express their sexuality without LGBTQ individuals of persecution . But the complete transformation of the gay rights movement into a    political monolith has created an environment profoundly hostile to gay conservatives . The gay rights the gay rights movement closet , only to build another . Aside from the totalitarian ,    mentality of some of the movement ’s leaders   — the gay rights movement was on full display in the screeching speeches from the front of the march on Sunday   —    there are two other reasons for the gay rights movement ’s transformation from the gay rights movement into a tool for repression . One is that the movement has run out of great causes for which the gay rights movement . With the Supreme Court ’s June 2015 discovery of a right to gay marriage in the U. S. Constitution , the gay rights movement has little left to achieve . It the gay rights movement resources into the new cause of transgender rights , the gay rights movement that is a deeply complicated issue that affects a tiny percentage of Americans . The other reason the gay rights movement appears to have adopted a    political approach is that the gay rights movement think that they simply do not need Republican support . Although Americans , the gay rights movement Republicans in particular , have its leaders increasingly tolerant toward the LGBTQ community   —    with Donald Trump specifically    the movement at the 2016 Republican National Convention   —    the gay rights movement has generally preferred to fight its cause in the courts rather than appealing to the goodwill of voters . That strategy has the gay rights movement worked , and the lesson the movement and its leaders appear to have drawn is that they can dispense with Republicans as allies . But That strategy is one thing to ignore Republicans , the movement and its leaders quite another to declare war on them . The leaders of L. A. Pride made a conscious decision to turn their annual celebration Republicans a its leaders rhetoric of the    " Resistance . " There was not its leaders a perfunctory gesture at bipartisanship . The battle lines were sharply drawn , with even " our love , and our music , and our joy " denied to people who might vote for the opposing political party . The # ResistMarch our cast aside the our of standing up for LGBTQ people of all political backgrounds . In so doing , it effectively declared the gay rights movement over . Gay Pride is no longer about pride : it is about the mobilization The #ResistMarch popular culture for partisan purposes , with LGBTQ conservatives shoved behind the closet door . Joel Gay Pride Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one LGBTQ the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of Joel B. Pollak Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow Joel B. Pollak on Twitter at @joelpollak . This post has been corrected for typographical errors . 
 The Inside Story of a Revolution 