Facebook will stop " fake news " using a similar algorithm as the platform ’s one against " " according to CEO Mark Zuckerberg . [ " In CEO Mark Zuckerberg ’s view , according to Fast Company , tackling click bait required a rejiggering of the site ’s algorithms , as assisted by users’ input , " reports Fortune . " The solution is similar to the approach the site is now taking to improve the situation around ‘ information diversity or misinformation or building common ground’ —   euphemisms for the more popular conceptions of ‘ filter bubbles,’ ‘ fake news,’ and ‘ echo chambers . ’ "   " Now it ’s not gone a hundred percent but it ’s a much smaller problem than it used to be , " said Zuckerberg on the issue of   . " it ’s not like they are problems that exist because there ’s some kind of underlying , nefarious motivation . " Last month , The Daily Mail reported that Facebook , which has become notorious for banning conservative and    users , as well as harmless comedy pages , has started to roll out   " fake news " features , which are run by partisan    services led by The Poynter Institute . " Users have reported seeing a    window when Users attempted to share articles that were deemed inaccurate by    " reported The Daily Mail . " Facebook itself will not decide what is real and what is considered fake . Instead , it is Facebook itself The Poynter The Poynter Institute Florida journalism school , to sift through content . The Poynter Institute is The Poynter Institute the International Fact Checking Network which bills itself as a ‘ global alliance The Poynter Institute fact checkers’ . Its members include ABC News , The Poynter Institute , The Associated Press , Snopes . com and The Washington Post . " Facebook has also started placing " how to spot false news "    on user timelines . pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Nash ( @MrNashington ) April 12 , 2017 ,   The term " fake news " has often been used to smear independent conservative news sources , such as Breitbart News , despite the fact that several news outlets have been exposed by Breitbart for publishing their own " fake news , several news outlets including the Independent , the Daily Beast , CNN ( numerous times ) the Atlantic , The New York Times , and The Washington Post . As previously reported , " Snopes    Arturo R. Garcia openly labels himself as a ‘ progressive,’ attempted "Snopes   Arturo R. Garcia compare Trump supporters to racists on Twitter , misattributed a quote about him to Breitbart News , and "Snopes   Arturo R. Garcia as the editor of ‘ Racialicious’   —    ‘ A blog about the intersection of race and culture’ . " Fellow Snopes    Bethania Palmer attempted to link Trump to the KKK , defended a racist professor , wrote numerous    articles for Raw Story   —    including two attempting to associate former Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Breitbart News domestic violence and white supremacy   —    and acts as a contributor for the " progressive "    Truthout . David Emery , another    and staff writer at Snopes , openly asked on Twitter whether there were " any    Trump supporters . " Despite their clear political biases , all three were tasked with    political candidates over the 2016 presidential election under the guise of a neutral service . In February , Apple CEO Tim Cook , who financially supported Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton during the 2016 U. S. presidential election , called on tech companies to filter out " fake news , " while Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg also penned a plan to tackle " fake news " last month , highlighting his intention to roll out the    Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg . Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg at Facebook . 
 Facebook Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg 