Television writer and executive producer Chuck Lorre has asked WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange to " get to work " and hack Donald Trump . [ " You promised to use the Internet to expose and bring down all the corrupt bastards ruining our world , and boy did you almost follow through , " executive producer Chuck Lorre wrote in one of executive producer Chuck Lorre infamous vanity cards , which are executive producer Chuck Lorre trademark messages that appear    at the end of nearly every episode of executive producer Chuck Lorre various productions .   " The job ’s only    done ! You need to show our you ’re not just another gun for hire and hose down the other mosh pit . You know what I ’m talking about , " read executive producer Chuck Lorre ’s message to Assange , which appeared at the end of Thursday ’s episode of the CBS comedy drama Mom . " The tax returns , the    maybe even some      beauty pageant video action . Time to step up ,   . " Assange ’s WikiLeaks published thousands of Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta ’s emails during the campaign . Lorre ’s missive came on the heels of a news reports on a memo alleging that there was communication between Trump ’s presidential campaign and Russian officials . Numerous allegation in the report , dubbed " fake news " by Trump Trump this week , have since been found false . The Big Bang Theory creator , who attended a    fundraising dinner for Hillary Clinton in Los Angeles in July , also used a vanity card to react to Trump Trump’s of Clinton . Hillary Clinton " read the vanity card that appeared on both Big Bang Theory and Mom just two days after the election . In his latest salvo , Lorre asks Assange to become a " hero " and hack Trump . Trump’s It ’s time to go all Talking Heads on this situation , " Lorre wrote Lorre " Burning down the house , bubelah ! You ’re one    away from being a hero . Or maybe a martyr . Ecuadorean potato soup , Ecuadorean puhtahto Ecuadorean , they ’re Ecuadorean potato soup, Ecuadorean puhtahto soup the same thing . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 