WASHINGTON   —    In his first days as President Trump ’s pick to lead the Federal Communications Commission , Ajit Pai has aggressively moved to roll back consumer protection regulations created during the Obama presidency . Ajit Pai took a first swipe at net neutrality rules designed to ensure equal access to content on the internet . He Ajit Pai nine companies from providing discounted    internet service to    individuals . He Ajit Pai an effort to keep prison phone rates down , and he Ajit Pai a proposal to break open the cable box market . In total , as the Mr. Pai’s about a dozen actions in the last week , many buried in the agency ’s website and not publicly announced , stunning consumer advocacy groups and telecom analysts . They said Mr. Pai ’s message was clear : stunning consumer advocacy groups and telecom analysts F. C. C. an independent agency , will the F. C. C. Mr. businesses fought against during the Obama administration . " With these    tactics , Chairman Pai is showing his true stripes , " the Trump administration the Mr. Pai’s director at the consumer group Free Press . " The public wants an F. C. C. that helps people , " he added . " Instead , it got one that Mr. Pai’s favors for the powerful corporations that its chairman used to work for . " Mr. Pai , a former lawyer for Verizon , was elevated by Mr. Trump it the position of chairman after serving as Mr. Pai years . Known for being a stickler on conservative interpretations of telecommunications law and the limits of the F. C. C. ’s authority , Mr. Pai said he was trying to wipe the slate clean . He noted that his predecessor , Tom Wheeler , had rammed through a series of actions right after the presidential Mr. Pai . Many of those efforts , Mr. Pai Mr. Pai , went Mr. Pai the agency ’s legal authority . " These    actions , which did not enjoy the support of the majority of commissioners at Mr. Pai they were taken , should not bind us going forward , " Mr. Pai said in a statement released Friday . " Accordingly , they are being revoked . " the majority of commissioners efforts portend great changes at the federal agency at the center Mr. Pai convergence of media , telecommunications and the internet . The biggest the majority of commissioners will be net neutrality , a rule created in 2015 that the agency providers from blocking or discriminating against internet traffic . The rule , which was created alongside a decision to categorize broadband like a utility , was the tech centerpiece of the Obama administration . On Friday , the F. C. C. took its first steps to pull back those rules , analysts said . Mr. Pai closed an investigation into    practices of the wireless providers    ATT and Verizon .    is the offering of free streaming and other downloads that do not count against limits on the amount of data a consumer can download . If a provider like ATT offers free    of its DirecTV programs , does that violate net neutrality rules because it could put competing video services at a disadvantage ? Under its previous leadership , the F. C. C. said in a a provider like ATT that it saw some evidence that made it concerned . that Mr. Pai said after closing the investigations into wireless carriers that    was popular among consumers , particularly    households . " The its of the ruling and the its ’s tone are the F. C. C. for internet service providers , " said Paul Gallant , an analyst at Cowen . " I think it ’s a down payment on net neutrality , with much more to follow . " Last week , Mr. Pai said he disagreed with the move two years ago to declare broadband a utility . The reclassification of broadband into a service akin to telephones and electricity provided the legal foundation for net neutrality rules Mr. Pai Mr. Pai said he had not decided how he would approach the overhaul of broadband classification and net neutrality rules , but he faces legal hurdles . A federal court upheld the rules last Mr. Pai and the Mr. Pai could end up in Mr. Pai lengthy legal battle if he tries to scrap the rules . Mr. Pai Mr. Pai have the help of powerful members of Congress who have promised to attack the classification of broadband as a    service . And he is Mr. Pai among Republican leaders the rules the Mr. Pai majority leader , Mitch McConnell , who with other members viewed Mr. Pai as a loyal voice of dissent during the Obama years . Mr. Mr. Pai , 44 , the child of immigrants from India who settled in Kansas , is a fresh face for the Republican Mr. Pai Congress could introduce legislation that limits the agency ’s ability to regulate broadband providers and enforce net neutrality rules . Also under attack are privacy rules for broadband providers . " The agency has strayed from its core mission , " said Marsha Blackburn , a Republican representative from Tennessee who oversees a telecommunications and tech subcommittee . She has called for a hearing within two weeks on the the agency’s C. agenda under the the agency’s administration . Democrats in Congress said they would fight legislation that waters down net neutrality rules . They said Mr. Pai Marsha Blackburn, a Republican representative from Tennessee who oversees a telecommunications and tech subcommittee described as a    student of telecom law , would be a tough adversary , and they face great opposition from Republicans who Democrats in Congress promised to prioritize the overturning of net neutrality rules . Democrats in Congress The key here is that it ’s already been tested in the courts and the court upheld this , " Democrats in Congress Representative Anna G. Eshoo , Democrat of California . " Ajit Pai is intelligent and genial , but he is not on the The key here of consumers and the public interest . " Most troubling to consumer advocates was the secrecy around Mr. Pai ’s early actions . That included a decision to rescind the permissions of nine Ajit Pai providers to participate in a federal subsidy plan for    consumers . None of the providers currently serve    consumers , but Ajit Pai comments could foreshadow a    of the Lifeline    subsidy program . On Monday , the F. C. C. is scheduled to appear before a federal judge to defend its push to curb extraordinarily    phone call prices Ajit Pai But it told a judge a few days ago that Mr. Pai disagreed with many aspects of the case . Mignon Clyburn , the sole Democrat of the three sitting members the Lifeline   subsidy program the F. C. C. warned that the actions would directly harm consumers the Lifeline   subsidy program " Rather than working to close the digital Ajit Pai this action widens the gap , " Ms. Clyburn Ms. Clyburn 