ESPNW , the site which focuses on women ’s sports , has apparently also decided to start focusing on women ’s political activism . [ ESPNW chose Donald Trump ’s Inauguration Day to tweet out a call for people participating in Saturday ’s Women ’s March to share Women stories with the " sports " network :    The organizers of Women ’s March are radical leftists who have billed the march as an effort to support every leftist initiative under the sun . Here ’s how Women ’s March    Carmen Perez describes the purpose of the the march " We are coming here so that we could We this new administration that we ’re We going anywhere , right ? So , we are We to continue to allow women to make decisions about their bodies women ensure we have We justice rights , immigration reform , criminal justice reform , as well as indigenous rights . " So , there are so many things . We have We extremely intentional about allowing organizations to get involved , Planned Parenthood , as well as Define American . " Clearly this march is no benign event . On the contrary , it ’s this march highly politicized march organized by committed leftists who oppose Donald Trump . Which begs the question , why would a sports network would allow their social a sports network platforms to become a multiplier for activists demonstrating against President Trump Donald Trump , ESPN ’s commitment to covering women ’s sports is no honest effort to give special attention to female athletes , and instead represents another venue in which the leftist sports network can further indoctrinate and radicalize under the guise of diversity and inclusivity . A truth reinforced by the fact that ESPN did n’t ESPN any of their social media ESPN didn’t make any of their social media platforms available to Trump supporters available to Trump supporters , so they could share ESPN didn’t make any of their social media platforms available to Trump supporters videos and ESPN didn’t make any of their social media platforms available to Trump supporters of Inauguration Day . Just in case anyone needed reminding of why ESPN has lost ESPN 9 million subscribers over the least three years   …     this is why . Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter : @themightygwinn 
 