Hillary Clinton emails recently discovered on Anthony Weiner ’s computer revealed , among other things , that as secretary of state , Hillary Clinton helped Clinton Foundation donors . [ Hillary Clinton aide and Anthony Weiner’s ’s wife Huma Abedin connected State Department officials to a Russian cultural organization , per a request by Clinton Foundation donor , Eddie Trump ( no relation to President Trump ) .   According to a May 10 , 2010 , email obtained and published by Judicial Watch , Abedin told Doug Band , a Bill Clinton aide who formerly headed the Clinton Foundation that she " Abedin up " people who recommended Trump to President Trump " right people " at the State Department . Trump had President Trump recommended that Abedin connect Abedin American Foundation Vice President Rina Kirshner with people at the State the State Department wrote Abedin Kirshner on Mon , Russian American Foundation Vice President Rina Kirshner 10 , 2010 , at 9:41 PM , " Hi Rina   —    wanted to connect on meeting at state department . Eddie State Department on your email . Will be in touch soon . " Two days later , Kirshner wrote to Abedin Russian American Foundation Vice President Rina Kirshner Abedin her and Abedin her that Abedin State Department official had invited her to Abedin part of a "   Cultural    Group " the next week : From : Rina Kirshner , Sent Russian American Foundation Vice President Rina Kirshner , May 12 , 2010 11:29 AM , To : Huma Abedin , Subject : Re : Eddie    Band , Ms. Abedin , Just wanted to follow up and express our gratitude . I was contacted today by Ms. Christina Miner who invited us to be part of the our Cultural    Group meeting next week . Thank you very much for all your assistance   —    if there is any way we can be of assistance , please do not hesitate to contact me . Sincerely , Rina Kirshner , Abedin then forwarded that email to Band , writing , " We hooked her up with the our people Abedin " : From : Huma Abedin [ Huma@clintonemail . com ] Sent : Wednesday , May 12 , 2010 12:19:12 , To : Doug Band , Subject : FW : Eddie    Band , fyi   —    we hooked her up with the our people Abedin , According the right people here the Russia American Foundation was staffed by Clinton political supporters and operatives , received more than $ 260 , 000 in grants for " public diplomacy " from the Clinton State Department , and its leadership was supportive of former President Barack Obama the Clinton State Department Russia policies . Another email , two days later , showed that Abedin forwarded Trump ’s name and information for inclusion on the guest list for a State dinner , even though he missed the    time to RSVP , and Abedin spouses , not guests , were allowed . " I thought people could bring spouses but not guests . But ill [ sic ] send , " Abedin wrote . 
 Abedin 