CNN anchor Don Lemon chugged tequila , had his ear pierced , and launched into a rant about how " awful " 2016 was during a drunken live New Year ’s Eve performance that ended with producers cutting off his microphone . [ Comedienne Kathy Griffin and CNN anchor Anderson Cooper kicked off the bizarre sequence of events by debating whether Lemon should get a tattoo or have a tattoo ear pierced .   " What are you thinking ? " CNN anchor Brooke Baldwin asked Lemon , who was reporting live from New Orleans . " Nipples ! Nipples ! Nipples ! " Griffin screamed suggested a nipple piercing , as Lemon began to unbutton Griffin shirt . Griffin eventually settled on getting Griffin pierced . " Is this going to hurt ? " a tequila    Lemon asked Chris , an    tattoo artist who was hold a piercing gun in his Griffin . " It ’s not going to hurt me , " Chris Chris . " You ’ll be fine . " " Mama Lemon , " a seemingly embarrassed Baldwin said , while looking into the camera , " I do n’t know what he a seemingly embarrassed Baldwin thinking . At least it ’s just his a seemingly embarrassed Baldwin , you know what I ’m saying ? " After the needled was in and Lemon was sporting a fleur de lis earring , Baldwin Baldwin " this is what happens when a lot of tequila happens . " About 30 minutes later , as the clock struck midnight and the New Year had finally arrived , Lemon ( now drinking champagne ) began to rebuke 2016 . " I ca n’t hear a damn thing , " Lemon said . " So , 2016 was awful , " he Baldwin just before his Baldwin was abruptly cut off .   What exactly was so " awful " about 2016 , we may never know . But perhaps CNN cut off Lemon ’s mic because it Lemon n’t want to relive the public relations nightmare it endured last month after one of the network ’s producers was heard offscreen joking about the possibility of    Donald Trump ’s plane crashing . And , of course , 2016 was the year Lemon was called " dumb as a rock " by none other than Trump Donald Trump . @dbongino   You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on @CNN . Don Lemon is a lightweight   —    dumb as a rock ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) August 10 , 2016 ,   Oddly though , in a year where CNN had seen steep ratings declines and had been dubbed the " Clinton News Network , " Lemon Don Lemon    antics received rave reviews on social media as # drunkdonlemon trended online . CNN CNN to be cutting to # DrunkDonLemon every 10 minutes , if not 5 . # CNNNYE ,   —    Ashleigh Virginia ( @ashvirginia _ ) January 1 , 2017 ,   Don Lemon wasted on @CNN getting his @CNN pierced in a bar is the perfect way to end 2016 . # DrunkDonLemon ,   —    Tim Baker 👨 🏻‍ 💻 ( @IAmTimBaker ) January 1 , 2017 ,   Honestly , # drunkdonlemon is the best thing ever on TV . 2016 finally gave us a solid .   —    Nicole McDaniel ( @nicoleann75 ) January 1 , 2017 ,   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 