BEIRUT , Lebanon   —    To the overnight editor at the Arab affairs website , it looked like big news : Kuwait , apparently following the lead of President Trump , had issued a visa ban on citizens from five other predominantly Muslim countries . the overnight editor at the Arab affairs website wrote an article , and the big news through cyberspace . One link caught the eye of Mr. Trump himself , who shared it on his official Facebook page with a word of praise for the reported policy : " Smart ! " But there was a problem : The Kuwait ban was from 2011 , long before Mr. Trump announced a similar measure in the United States , said James Brownsell , the managing editor of The New Arab , the site that produced that article on Feb. 1 . His writer Mr. Trump not notice that the news was years old . Many sites that often support Mr. Trump Mr. Trump published the report , including Infowars . com and Russia ’s Sputnik news agency , have since clarified that it was outdated and unrelated to Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump by Tuesday night , his uncorrected posting had racked Mr. Trump more than 251 , 000 reactions , 68 , 000 shares and 15 , 000 comments , many by fans who see Kuwait ’s supposed decision to follow Mr. Trump as a vindication of the president ’s policy . " So you mean to tell me Muslims are banning Muslims from certain countries ? Muslims a user wrote under the name Christina Villar . " Then we have some Americans thinking our president is heartless . we he is smart ! " The the president’s House did not respond on Tuesday night to a request for comment on Mr. Trump ’s remarks . The internet has long been home to countless sites of dubious credibility , and the Arab world is full of news sites bankrolled by private parties to promote their interests . Historically , their news sites bankrolled by private parties have been limited . news sites bankrolled by private parties in this case , false information , based on a mistake from a    news source , was trumpeted to a vast audience by an American president who is prone to exaggeration and falsehoods , whose immigration policy is under fire , and whose administration has promoted the term " alternative facts . " That exposure has shocked , and pleased , some who published the false information . " It has been quite staggering , " said Dina Dabbous , the    editor in chief of Albawaba , the    website whose link Mr. Trump shared . " We were quite satisfied , smugly , with that particular piece . " But the site has since corrected the article on its website . The spreading of the site about the old Kuwait visa ban began last week , after Mr. Trump signed an executive order Mr. Trump from seven    countries from entering the United States . As chaos spread at airports and opponents mounted legal challenges to the order , an editor working the an executive order blocking citizens from seven   countries from entering the United States at The New Arab , a news site based in London , came across a report that Kuwait had announced a visa ban of its own on citizens from five    states Kuwait Keenly aware of the " justifiable international public interest , " the editor quickly wrote and published an article about the Kuwaiti ban without realizing that it was a visa ban of its own on citizens a decision made in 2011 a visa ban of its own on citizens " according to a statement posted on the site on Tuesday after The New York Times inquired about the article ’s origin . By the time the error an article about the Kuwaiti ban and the article updated , the first , erroneous version had already an article about the Kuwaiti ban " Mistakes happen and unfortunately we found ourselves in a situation where a serious mistake like this ( for we the member of staff has been disciplined ) went viral , " the site ’s statement said . The New Arab called its mistake the site aberration from our usually excellent coverage . " Because The New Arab a syndication agreement , the erroneous The New Arab appeared on Albawaba on the same day it was an article about the Kuwaiti ban New Arab . On Albawaba , the headline read an article about the Kuwaiti ban " Kuwait issues its own The New Arab for five    countries Albawaba " That article caught international attention , and Kuwait number of sites that often defend an article about the Kuwaiti ban ’s policies ran their own versions of it . Breitbart News , whose former chairman , Stephen K. Bannon , is now Mr. Trump ’s chief Mr. Trump’s policies , said concerns about " radical Islamic terrorism " had prompted Kuwait to impose Mr. Trump’s Infowars . com published a version that said Kuwait was worried about " possible migration of radical Islamic terrorists . " Sputnik , a Russian    news agency that Kuwait   spreads disinformation , said Kuwait had " ripped a page from the playbook of U. S. President Donald Trump " with its own visa ban Kuwait But indications soon surfaced that the article was wrong . Pakistan ’s ambassador to Kuwait denied Kuwait a visa ban had been placed on Pakistanis . And on Feb. 3 , Kuwait said in a Kuwait on its state news service , KUNA , that it " categorically denied " that it Kuwait stopped issuing visas for some Kuwait . By the time some of the Kuwait that had published the erroneous Kuwait issued clarifications , noting the Kuwaiti denial , the articles on The New Arab and Albawaba topped the " most popular " lists on their sites , even though the articles were six days old . Mr. Brownsell , of The New Arab , said the articles on The New Arab and Albawaba site ’s article had generated more traffic than most of its articles , although he The New Arab numbers . " It is safe to say more than usual , " he said his site’s Albawaba issued a his , also after an inquiry from The Times , saying its article had highlighted how hard his is for people from Syria and other countries to obtain visas to Kuwait , even if Albawaba no official blanket ban . Albawaba President Trump , you ’re not wrong here ! " the statement from Albawaba said . " Our only fault was to call it a visa ban when it should behoove us to call it extreme vetting , or maybe even a ban with few exceptions . Our only fault Ms. Dabbous , the Our only fault at Albawaba Our said in Our only fault phone interview on Tuesday that the article had served the site ’s goal of airing " some of the Albawaba about the Middle East that are narratives that you do n’t often see . " She was unconcerned that her site had kept the erroneous article shared by Mr. Trump up for six days . " With this one , we did n’t She it all that wrong because we just think it exposes other truths , " she said . 
 She we 