Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) officials are continuing to defend Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officials against the national media which continues to mischaracterize the role and intent of the    of criminal aliens . [ Media reports have called the Operation Cross Check arrests of criminal aliens a    effort by ICE officials and the Trump Administration , despite the fact that this operation has been carried out in the past . More than 2 , 000 criminal aliens were rounded up in March 2015 , Breitbart Texas reported at the time . the Operation Cross Check arrests of criminal aliens ’s operation pales in comparison , yet the mainstream media appears to have lost total perspective in its attacks on the men and the mainstream media tasked to protect our nation from these criminals .   When ICE agents arrested Daniel Ramirez Medina , a     Mexican national , media outlets quickly jumped on his DACA status granted by the Obama Administration . Outlets failed to report Medina was targeted because of his Daniel Ramirez Medina " gang member " his , Breitbart Texas reported . " Daniel must be given his freedom , now , " Daniel United We Dream Advocacy Director Greisa Martinez in the Washington Times . " Under Trump ’s America , no one is safe . Donald Trump and Republicans must say in no uncertain terms that DACA recipients are safe . " Being a gang member is a    activity . ICE officials tweeted a reference to an April 2012 Operation Cross Check where more than 3 , 100 criminal aliens were arrested . " As part of U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ’s ( ICE ) ongoing commitment to prioritizing the removal of criminal aliens and egregious immigration law violators , the agency announced today the results of a    national ‘ Cross Check’ enforcement    led to the arrest of more than 3 , 100 convicted criminal aliens , immigration fugitives and immigration violators , " ICE officials wrote in a press 2012 press release . # TBT April 2012 : ICE arrests more than 3 , 100 convicted criminal aliens   immigration fugitives in nationwide ophttps :   .   pic . twitter .    —    ICE ( @ICEgov ) February 16 , 2017 ,   ICE immigration officers carried out a routine , targeted operation aimed at taking dangerous criminal aliens off the streets . The operation resulted in the arrest a routine, targeted operation aimed at taking dangerous criminal aliens off the streets 700 criminal aliens . " ICE conducts these kind of targeted enforcement operations regularly and has for many years , " Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said in a written statement obtained by Breitbart Texas . " The focus of these enforcement operations is consistent with the routine , targeted arrests carried out by ICE ’s Fugitive Operations teams on a daily basis . " This operation was planned well in advance of the Trump Administration taking office . It is a regularly scheduled targeted operation This operation Despite this , media outlets have questioned the intent of the operation and even gone as far This operation it retaliation for immigration protests . U. S. This operation Joaquin Castro ( ) questioned ICE ’s intent stating , " I am asking ICE to clarify whether these individuals are in ICE dangerous , violent threats to our communities , and not people who are here peacefully raising families and contributing to our state . I will continue to monitor this situation . " The Austin    added fuel to the fires of speculation when it reported a fake news Facebook post by The Austin   added fuel to the fires of speculation when it reported a fake news Facebook post by Austin City Councilman Greg Casar City Councilman Greg Casar . " I believe ICE is out in public arresting people in ICE to retaliate against our community for standing up for our values against people like Abbott and Trump , " Councilman Casar posted on Facebook . " Trump Austin City Councilman Greg Casar Austin City Councilman Greg Casar will do everything they can to divide Austin City Councilman Greg Casar , invoke fear in Trump and his allies neighborhoods , and demonize an entire community of people . " ICE firmly responded to these types of statements by officials and media , calling them " false , Dangerous , and irresponsible . officials and media # TBT April 2012 : ICE arrests more than 3 , 100 convicted criminal aliens   immigration fugitives in nationwide ophttps :   .   pic . twitter .    —    ICE ( @ICEgov ) February 16 , 2017 ,   The agency following that up with two additional tweets saying , " These reports create mass panic and put communities and law enforcement personnel in unnecessary danger , " and " Any groups falsely reporting such activities are doing a disservice to those they claim to support . " These reports create Any groups falsely reporting such activities panic and put communities and These reports personnel in unnecessary danger .   —    ICE ( @ICEgov ) February 16 , 2017 ,   Any groups falsely reporting such activities are doing a disservice to those they claim to support .   —    ICE ( Any groups falsely reporting such activities ) February 16 , 2017 ,   Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team Breitbart Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX . 
 Texas 