Stephen Colbert has come under fire on social media for a crude joke Stephen Colbert made about President Donald Trump on Monday ’s broadcast of The Late Show that some critics claimed was bigoted and homophobic . [ While attempting to defend President Donald Trump CBS colleague John Dickerson , Stephen Colbert said President Donald Trump mouth is only " good for is being Vladimir Putin ’s c*ck holster . "   Outraged by the remark , social media users quickly made the hashtag # FireColbert a top trending topic on Twitter Tuesday . " Stephen Colbert homophobic rant was disgusting and we wo n’t tolerate this    behavior , " one user wrote . " Liberals ruin the careers of conservatives all the time , so the # FireColbert campaign is just giving libs a taste of their own Liberals , " argued another . Some called Colbert Stephen Colbert " homophobe " and a " bigot . " # Stephen Colbert a   . Here ’s all of    advertisers Contact them tell them stop   advertisers him   advertisers :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Red Pill ⏳ ( @RedPillDropper ) May 2 , 2017 ,   Liberals ruin the careers of conservatives all the time , so the   # FireColbert campaign is just giving libs a taste of their own medicine . Liberals —    Mark Dice ( @MarkDice ) May 3 , 2017 ,   Hey @CBS # StephenColbert is NOT a comic . I NEVER tune in because of his    attitude towards @POTUS @realDonaldTrump # FireColbert ,   —    Rep. B. J. Nikkel ( @RepBJNikkel ) May 3 , 2017 ,   # firecolbert CBS STAND UP AND DO THE RIGHT THING FIRE COLBERT THIS SHOULD NOT BE TOLERATED , IF IT WAS SAID ABOUT OBAMA HE WOULD BE GONE COLBERT   —    MIKEM ( @09BRAININJURY ) May 2 , 2017 ,   So , Colbert is saying homophobic COLBERT again ? Disappointing that CBS supports and empowers CBS . # firecolbert ,   —    Michael Oxley ( @Truthchampion16 ) May 2 , 2017 ,   I do n’t know that it was homophobic , but Colbert ’s comment was COLBERT inappropriate and not funny enough to be worth the risk   # firecolbert ,   —    Kimbro13 ( @kimbro1360 ) May 2 , 2017 ,   Some social media users called for a boycott of CBS and the network CBS advertisers . Time for him to go .   Total trash .   I will boycott advertisers . # FireColbert ,   —    hank_1972 ( @Hank_1972 ) May 3 , 2017 ,   Boycott CBS # FireColbert ,   —    Tricia Ann ( @TriciaC0324 ) May 3 , 2017 ,   German Lopez , a reporter for    news outlet Vox , wrote that Colbert ’s joke pointedly mocked gay people . " In a setting in which Colbert is deliberately trying Colbert find a way to insult Trump , it ’s telling that he resorts to suggesting Trump Trump is engaging in Trump acts with another man . The suggestion is that the worst thing that could happen for these men is if they engaged in homosexual these men together , as if that devalues them as men or these men them . " Colbert these men       monologue also included fat jokes about President Trump . " Mr. President , I love your presidency . I call it ‘ Disgrace the your presidency " he began . " Mr. President ’re not the POTUS you ’re the ‘ BLOTUS.’ You ’re the glutton with the button . You ’re a regular ‘ Gorge Washington.’ You ’re the ‘ ’ but you ’re turning into a real ‘ . ’ " " Sir , you attract more skinheads than free Rogaine , " Colbert continued . " You have more people marching against you than cancer . Sir talk like a    gorilla that got hit in the head . " Tonight : Stephen tells the President everything journalists , restrained by their dignity , wish they could say . their LSSC pic . twitter .    —    The Late Show ( @colbertlateshow ) May 1 , 2017 ,   Colbert did not address the firestorm surrounding his comments during Tuesday Colbert ’s episode of The Late Show , opting instead to continue to blast Trump and Putin .   The CBS host compared the president to author Putin , saying Trump just " makes Trump and Putin up . " He also aired a Colbert clip of Trump ’s quotes taken Trump and Putin context . Colbert ’s ratings have risen steadily since Inauguration Day . The CBS host has regularly beaten The CBS host Fallon ’s Tonight Show since January , though Fallon still usually leads in the adults    rival Jimmy Fallon’s .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 