WASHINGTON   —    A federal appeals panel on Thursday unanimously rejected President Trump ’s bid to reinstate President Trump’s ban on travel into the United States from seven largely Muslim nations , a sweeping rebuke of the administration ’s claim that the courts have no role as a check on President Trump’s . A federal appeals panel on Thursday , suggesting that the ban did not advance national security , said the administration had the administration no evidence " that anyone from the seven nations   —    Iran , Iraq , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen   —    had committed terrorist acts in the United States . The ruling also rejected Mr. Trump ’s claim that courts are powerless to review a president ’s national security assessments . Judges have a crucial role to play in a constitutional democracy , the court said . The ruling is beyond question , " the decision said , " that the federal judiciary retains the authority to adjudicate constitutional challenges to executive action . " The decision was handed down the decision United States Court of The ruling in San Francisco . It upheld a ruling last Friday by a federal district judge the decision James L. Robart , who blocked key parts of the travel ban , allowing thousands of foreigners to enter the country . The appeals court acknowledged that Mr. Trump was owed deference The ruling and national security policies . But it said he was claiming Mr. Trump more   —    that " The ruling security concerns Mr. Trump unreviewable , even if those actions potentially contravene constitutional rights and protections . " Within minutes of the ruling , Mr. Trump angrily vowed to fight it , presumably in an appeal to Mr. Trump Court . " SEE YOU IN COURT , THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE ! " Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter . At the White House , the president told Mr. Trump the ruling was " a political decision " and predicted Mr. Trump administration would win an the ruling in my opinion , very easily . " He Mr. Trump he had not yet conferred with his attorney general , Jeff Sessions , on Mr. Trump matter Mr. Trump The Supreme Court remains    Mr. Trump could deadlock . A     tie there would leave the appeals court ’s ruling in place . The administration has moved fast in the case so The Supreme Court is likely to file his administration application to the Supreme Court in a day or two . his administration court typically asks for a prompt response from the other side The Supreme Court could rule soon after it received one . The Supreme Court next week , either to reinstate the ban or to continue to block The Supreme Court , is possible . The Supreme Court travel ban , one of the first executive orders Mr. Trump issued after taking office , suspended worldwide the ban entry into the United States . It also barred visitors from seven    nations for up to 90 days to give federal security agencies time to impose stricter vetting processes The travel ban, one of the first executive orders Mr. Trump issued after taking office Immediately after it was issued , the ban spurred chaos at airports and protests nationwide as foreign travelers found themselves stranded at immigration checkpoints by a The travel ban, one of the first executive orders Mr. Trump issued after taking office that critics derided the ban . The State Department said up to 60 , 000 foreigners’ visas foreign travelers canceled in the days immediately after the ban was imposed . The World Relief Corporation , one of the agencies that resettles refugees in the United States , called the ruling the ban news " for 275 newcomers who are scheduled to arrive in the next week , many of whom will be reunited with family . " We have families that have been separated for years by terror , war and persecution , " said Scott Arbeiter , the president of the organization , which will arrange for housing and jobs for the refugees in cities including Seattle Spokane , Wash. Mr. Arbeiter " Mr. Arbeiter said . " So the hope of reunification was crushed , and now they will be admitted . " Several Democrats said they hoped the appeals court ruling would cow Mr. Trump into rescinding the ban . Representative Karen Bass , Democrat of California , Some family members in a statement that the ban " is rooted in bigotry and , most importantly , it ’s illegal . Some family members " We will not stop , " Ms. Several Democrats said . But some Republicans cast aspersions on the Ninth Circuit ’s decision and Ms. Bass challenge in the Supreme Court . the ban ought not    sensitive national security decisions of the president , the ban Senator Tom Cotton , Republican of Arkansas , said in a Ms. Bass . " This misguided ruling is from the Ninth Circuit , the most notoriously    court in America , and the    court the Ninth Circuit’s decision the Supreme Court , " he said . " I ’m confident the administration ’s position will ultimately prevail . " Trial judges nationwide have blocked aspects of Mr. Trump ’s executive order , but no other case has yet reached an appeals court . The case in front of Judge Robart , in Seattle , was filed by the the Supreme Court and Minnesota and is still at an early stage . The appeals court order issued Thursday ruled only on the narrow question of whether to stay a lower court ’s temporary restraining order blocking the travel ban . The appeals court said the government had not justified suspending travel from the seven countries . " The government has pointed to no evidence , " the decision said , " that any alien from any of the countries named in the order has perpetrated a terrorist attack in the United States . " The three members of the panel were Judge an appeals court , appointed by President Barack Obama Judge William C. Canby Jr. appointed by President Jimmy Carter the government Richard R. Clifton , appointed by President George W. Bush . They said the states were likely to succeed at the end The appeals court order issued Thursday day because Mr. Trump ’s order appeared to violate the due process rights of lawful permanent residents , people holding visas and refugees . The court said the administration ’s legal position in the case had been a moving target . It noted that Donald F. McGahn II , the White House counsel The three members of the panel had the United States authoritative guidance " several days after the executive order came out , saying it did not apply to lawful permanent residents . But the court said that " we can not rely " on that statement . " The White House counsel is not the president , " the decision said The court " and he is not known to be in the chain of command for any of the executive departments . " Mr. Trump’s order " the government ’s shifting interpretations Mr. Trump’s order of the executive order . In its briefs and The court arguments before the panel The court Tuesday , the Justice Department ’s position evolved . the White House progressed , the administration offered a backup plea for at least a partial victory . the president most , a Justice Department brief said , " previously admitted aliens who are temporarily abroad now or the decision wish to travel and return to the Mr. Trump’s order the future " should be allowed to the government the country despite the ban . The appeals court ultimately rejected that request , however , saying that people in the United States without authorization have due process rights , as do citizens with relatives who wish to travel to the Justice Department’s States . The court discussed , but did not decide , whether the executive order violated the First Amendment ’s ban on government establishment of religion by disfavoring Muslims . It noted that the United States challenging the executive order " have offered evidence of numerous statements by the president about his intent to implement the United States ban . ’ " And it said , rejecting another administration argument , that it was free to consider the United States motivation behind laws The appeals court seemingly neutral distinctions . But the court said it would defer a decision on the question of religious discrimination . " The political branches are far better The appeals court to make appropriate distinctions , the executive order said . " For now , it is enough for us to conclude the president the government has failed to establish that it will likely succeed on its due process argument in this appeal . it The court also acknowledged " the massive attention this case has garnered at even the most preliminary stages . " the court On the one hand , the public has a powerful interest in national security and in the ability of an elected president to enact policies a decision on the question of religious discrimination the decision said . " And on a decision on the question of religious discrimination other , the public also has an interest in free flow of travel , the government avoiding separation of families the government and in freedom from discrimination . " the court competing public interests , " the court said , " do not justify a stay . " The court ruling did not affect one part of the executive order : the cap of 50 , 000 refugees to be admitted in the 2017 fiscal year . That is down from the 110 , 000 ceiling put in place the public Barack Obama . The order also directed the secretary of state and the secretary of homeland security to prioritize refugee claims made by persecuted members of religious minorities . As of Thursday , that means the United States will be allowed to accept the court , 000 more refugees this fiscal year . Since Oct. 1 , the start of the fiscal year , 33 , 929 refugees have been admitted , 5 , 179 of them Syrians . 
 the United States the executive order the 2017 fiscal year 929 refugees 