   Joy Villa was hit with a barrage of hate from leftists who wished for   Joy Villa death on social media after   Joy Villa walked the red carpet at the Grammys on Sunday proudly wearing a      dress emblazoned with President Donald Trump ’s signature " Make American Great Again " slogan . [ " Die , " was the message some Twitter users sent directly to Villa on the social media platform .   @PopCrave @Joy_Villa die ,   —    ️ ( @iggyoutsold ) February 12 , 2017 ,   @Joy_Villa die ,   —    ㅤㅤㅤ ( @grigiobey ) February 12 , 2017 ,   The tolerant Left call for # JoyVilla to be KILLED after she wears Make America Great Again dress to # Grammys , RT to show she your support ! pic . twitter .    —    Tennessee ( @TEN_GOP ) February 13 , 2017 ,   " Sometimes you just got ta be free to express yourself , " Villa wrote of she    dress . " Go big , or go home . You can either stand for what you believe or fall for what you do n’t . Above all make a choice for tolerance and love , " the singer wrote on Instagram . " Agree to disagree . See the person over the politics , carry yourself with dignity , always . Life is made to be lived , so go boldly and give no offs ! " While the singer intended to send a message of " tolerance and love , "    leftists on social media called her " coon the singer " a " disgrace , " and a " dumb Uncle Tom . " Fuck Donald Trump and fuck that Joy Villa coon ass bitch .   —    Freddie ( @Benjamin_MCQ ) February 12 , 2017 ,   @ReignOfApril @Joy_Villa The Coon is strong in this one ,   —    Michael Shepperd ( @mashepperd ) February 13 , 2017 ,   Thank u kind sir for telling me this dumb Uncle Tom braud is named joy villa https :   .    —    Morris Yay do lines ( @dances ) February 12 , 2017 ,   Andre Soriano , the gay Filipino immigrant and naturalized citizen who designed Villa ’s dress , says the    hate from the left is " crazy . " " It ’s more so about love , " Soriano said of the gown he designed for Soriano . " Villa all live on this planet . I ’ve never been in the political area . However , it ’s just so crazy that people are getting beat up because they voted for people , or this and that , someone wants to bomb the White House   …     .I am an American , I moved here from the Philippines and I highly believed in the trueness of what this country can the Philippines It ’s about bringing the Philippines together , that ’s the message . " Soriano , who has designed red carpet gowns for singers Macy Gray and Courtney Love , says President Trump is " going to do the best thing " for America . " I the Philippines channel Joy ’s music as a designer   —    we ’re both artists and I love her so dearly , " Soriano said . " She is one of her people on this planet that really promotes love . We need to move we country forward , the Philippines believe it ’s time we promote the Philippines . We only live once , we we need to promote love we We have one president now we is going to do the best thing for planet America . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 