President Obama has gone rogue and only one man can protect American democracy in the next few days : the   . [ On January 15 , 2017 , with only five days left after 2 , 917 days in office , President Obama is planning once again to feed Israel to the international wolves . The move is intended to tie the hands of President Donald Trump and is a direct repudiation of the will of the American electorate who rejected Obama ’s President Obama foreign policy and a repeat performance by his secretary President Donald Trump state .   On Sunday , France is scheduled to hold an international conference to unleash an international mob on Israel . Israel meeting is taking place with Obama ’s President Obama connivance .    have been lined up to impose their preferences on the Middle East ’s only democracy . Israelis are still dying in Israeli streets after seventy years of unending Arab terror   —    and the folks sitting in Paris munching on croissants know best how to protect Israeli national security . The      by France and its Arab France   —    with the blessing of President Obama   —    raises unavoidable questions : Who will attend ? If they attend , how senior a representative will be sent by the main players on the Security Council : the U. S. Russia , and the United Kingdom ? Will attendees sign on to an outcome document imperiling Israel that is already circulating ? Will the Middle East Quartet   —    composed of the U. S. the EU , Russia and the UN   —    approve of the outcome an outcome document imperiling Israel that is already circulating a UN Security Council subsequently approve of the outcome document before an outcome document imperiling Israel that is already circulating 2017 ? The French meeting follows on President Obama helping to ram through a UN Security Council resolution on December a UN Security Council that was clearly intended to unleash a legal and economic pogrom against the Jewish state . It did n’t take long for Palestinian terrorists to get the message : sidelining a negotiated solution between the parties by    an Israeli villain at the UN was a greenlight for the enforcers in Gaza City and Ramallah . President Obama ’s collusion on    jettisons decades of bipartisan policy prioritizing a negotiated path to    peace , and flies in the face of overwhelming bipartisan opposition in Congress reconfirmed by the House just last week . Since the point of this flurry of international activity by    is to scuttle and deny President Trump ’s foreign policy remit ,    participants in the French mugging of the    state need to know   —    now   —    what they should expect five days later on January participants in the French mugging of the Jewish state , 2017 . UK Prime Minister Theresa May has already made calls to the incoming team and expects to be    on the list of early visitors welcomed to the White House in the spring . EU countries will similarly come asking for help easing    fallout , tackling refugee problems , and    security needs . The Middle East Quartet is desperate to continue its role supervising the    conflict and to The Middle East Quartet a return to sole American custody . The UN is an economic ward of the United States   —    to the tune of upwards of 10 billion a year   —    currently parked in the middle of a place many diplomats prefer to home . So here are some suggestions that may be communicated to those interested in a productive relationship with the man in office five days later and his colleagues now in charge of the purse the man in office on Capitol Hill   —    if the French refuse at their peril to postpone it altogether : As those interested in a productive relationship with the man in office the UN , there is only one subject that    understand and it is n’t a Congressional memo begging the institution to treat Israel better the next time . A promise to insist on an immediate halt of the transfer of funds to the UN pending a thorough accounting of expenditures the UN strategic review of the    relationship , would be a good start . The rogue in the White House is poised to derail any prospect of    peace in the foreseeable future , further endanger Israel ’s security and the country ’s ability to safeguard Jewish identity . Israel    believe it will be    expect the onslaught to proceed as planned . Anne Bayefsky is the Director of Touro Institute on Human Rights and the Holocaust   President of Human Rights Voices . 
 