Friday during his " " segment on Fox News Channel ’s " Hannity , " host Sean Hannity declared former FBI Director James Comey " humiliated " the media .   Fox News Channel’s "Hannity , referring to former FBI Director James Comey as " J. Edgar Comey , " pointed to parts of former FBI Director James Comey ’s testimony debunking reports of Trump    collusion . Watch : Transcript as follows : So in a shocking turn of events , one of the biggest losers from yesterday ’s    former FBI Director James Comey testimony was the    propaganda media . We ’re going to break down just how former FBI Director James Comey humiliated the mainstream press and why they the mainstream press now facing a massive credibility crisis in tonight ’s   . So yesterday , the former FBI director James Comey , J. Edgar Comey , told the Senate Intel Committee that many of the the   propaganda media Russian collusion stories are just dead wrong . Watch this . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) JAMES COMEY , FORMER FBI DIRECTOR FBI There have been many , many stories partly based on classified information about lots of stuff but especially about Russia that are just dead wrong . The challenge , and I am not picking on reporters , about writing stories about classified information is the people talking about it often do n’t really know what ’s going on . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) HANNITY : Now after that testimony , even Mr. Thrill up his left Chris Matthews , he himself his to this stunning conclusion . I was even shocked . Take a look . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) CHRIS MATTHEWS Chris Matthews HOST : The assumption of the critics of the president , of his pursuers you the president say , is that somewhere along the line in the last years the president had the president do with colluding with the Russians , something to do , a helping hand , encouraging them , feeding their somewhere along the line in the last years the president had something to do with colluding with the Russians to affect somewhere along the line in the last years the president had something to do with colluding with the Russians election in some way , some role they played , some somewhere along the line in the last years the president had something to do with colluding with the Russians he had with Michael the president or Paul Manafort or somewhere . And yet what came apart this morning was that theory . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) HANNITY : " Pursuers . " Now , the black helicopter crowd , the tinfoil hat Russia conspiracy theories being pushed by the media , the    media , have now come apart at the seams . Now , it ’s all been wrong . They have been lying to you , the American people . Of course , MSNBC was not the only outlet having to backtrack . " The Hill " is reporting that , quote , " CNN issues correction after Comey ’s statement contradicts their reporting . " And even ABC was also forced to update a story following Comey ’s remarks . Comey’s , of course , there is the paper of record ,    paper record , The New York Times . They were singled out yesterday for being flat out wrong , I would argue again . Take a look . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) UNIDENTIFIED MALE : That report by The New York Times was The New York Times that a fair statement ? COMEY : In the main Comey’s it was not true . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : On February 14 , The UNIDENTIFIED MALE Times published a story the The New York Times " Trump campaign aides had repeated contacts with Russian intelligence . " You were asked earlier if that was an inaccurate story and you said : " in the main . " Would it be fair to characterize that story the main entirely wrong ? COMEY : Yes . ( Comey’s a story ) HANNITY : " The New York Times " are desperately trying to save face The New York Times tweet that reads , quote " We are looking into James Comey ’s statements , Comey’s report back with more information as soon as we can . " And then later , publishing We full article entitled " Comey disputes " New York We " Comey’s about Russia investigation , " where they tepidly stood by their reporting and openly wondered why Comey rebuked their coverage . I guess Comey’s wo n’t be holding our they for a full retraction or apology . they despite some widespread embarrassment for all these people in we    media following the Comey testimony , do think we can Comey’s expect them to stop spreading their fake news ? In other words , land the black we and get back all these people in the   media following the Comey testimony reality ? Or all these people in the   media following the Comey testimony the crisis and credibility continue to grow ? Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 