On Tuesday , President Trump signed the repeal of Barack Obama ’s gun ban for Social Security recipients . On Thursday , NBC News reported that President Trump had signed a repeal of " gun checks for people with mental illness . " [ This is Fake News 101 , inasmuch as it takes President Trump ’s commitment to defend the Second Amendment and reports the Second Amendment as something that endangers the American people by allowing mentally ill persons to acquire guns .   Obama ’s Social Security gun ban opened the door for beneficiaries to be investigated if beneficiaries were under mental duress and needed help with beneficiaries finances . A beneficiary who had his check sent to a third party could catch the Social Security Administration ’s attention , be investigated , and turned over to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System ( NICS ) to be barred from gun purchases . This not only violated the beneciaries’ Second Amendment rights but This Due Process rights as well . This meant that a       grandmother could be denied the right to buy a . 38 Special revolver for    because    temporary mental anguish required    to get help with finances . Duke psychiatry professor Jeffery Swanson criticized the ban , saying the ban targeted " the vulnerable " rather than the dangerous . The U. S. House voted to repeal the ban on February 2 , the Senate on February 15 , and President Trump signed the repeal on February 28 . NBC News reported , " Trump signs bill revoking    gun checks for people with mental illnesses . " And they people with mental illnesses the the ban a response to Sandy Hook , saying , " President Barack Obama recommended the    regulation in a 2013 memo following the mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School , which left 20 first graders and six others dead . " Bloomberg News NBC News that the ban the ban a reaction to school shootings like the 2012 Sandy Hook attack . " Neither NBC News nor Bloomberg NBC News an elementary school attack carried out by a     with stolen firearms could be justification for denying elderly Social Security beneficiaries their Second Amendment rights at retail gun stores . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins , a Breitbart News podcast . He Breitbart News the political AWR Hawkins for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins AWR Hawkins Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . AWR Hawkins . 
 