Sen. Rand Paul ( ) a top conservative in the U. S. Senate , unloaded on House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s Obamacare 2 . 0 replacement plan —   that does not repeal Obamacare —   in an exclusive interview on Wednesday with Breitbart News . [ In an exclusive interview on Wednesday with Breitbart News , Paul accused House Speaker Paul Ryan of misleading President Donald Trump on the process and the level of support in House for the bill that House House leadership —   at Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan direction —   put forward this week .   The House Freedom Caucus was publicly against this strategy before Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan rolled it out this strategy The group of more than 40 House House remains steadfastly opposed to Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan Ryan’s this front , showing no signs of breaking as they signaled before The House Freedom Caucus was introduced , and now many Republican offices outside the House Freedom Caucus privately tell Breitbart News that as many as 70 or more House Republicans are opposed to Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan plan Ryan’s knows this too , they say , as Leadership the " hard no " votes have told the Speaker ’s office or the whip teams they can not vote Leadership this bill . But Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan plowing forward , stating at a number of press conferences this week he House Speaker Paul Ryan confident he House Speaker Paul Ryan receive the 218 votes he House Speaker Paul Ryan to pass the bill —   this bill he House Speaker Paul Ryan does not have them right now . When the 218 votes he needs to pass the bill what Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan strategy is here , Paul told Breitbart News it makes no sense —   and that he believes that the Speaker Paul deliberately misleading President Trump into thinking he has more support for President Trump bill than he has this bill that its President Trump is not in crisis this bill Paul is confident that conservative House Paul Senate Republicans will stick together , defeat this bill , and then work this bill Trump to separate repeal and replacement President Trump bills passed on the same day down the road . The fact that Paul is saying Ryan is misleading Trump Paul an explosive charge , but is President Trump by the evidence of widespread mistrust in the House GOP conference over this bill and Ryan ’s waning influence this bill —   dislike Ryan it extends far beyond the House Freedom Caucus this bill as Breitbart News can confirm . Paul told Breitbart News : I do n’t Paul it makes Breitbart News and I think he ’s trying to pull the wool over the Ryan of the president . I think when I ’ve spoken with president Trump , I think he agrees with me that we should repeal and Ryan but Paul do n’t think he ’s stuck on that they have to be Ryan the same bill necessarily . Paul Ryan , I think , is selling it to the White House and telling the White House , the same bill Oh , it ’s a piece the White House it ’s a done the same bill And I do n’t think that the same bill an accurate depiction of things . I think from the very beginning combining repeal and replace in one bill makes it very hard because we have different ideas on replace . We are pretty much united on repeal , but we have different ideas we replace . If the House leadership had come we and talked to conservatives beforehand , I think they would have found out there is a lot of disagreement and they conservatives have just passed what we already passed —   what everybody conservatives for —   and we we have a debate on the same day on a variety of we strategies . We still could do that . And I think if the House Freedom we and the Senate conservatives stay together , I still think that that ’s one possible outcome . It would be better for all of us if we separated it out with clean repeal and had replacement as we separate we . It my opposition to Obamacare Lite with @mboyle1 @BreitbartNews # cleanrepeal pic . twitter .    —    Senator Rand Paul ( @RandPaul ) March 8 , 2017 ,   A senior congressional aide in a House Republican office whose member is not part of the House Freedom Caucus told Breitbart News his boss is also opposed to Ryan ’s Obamacare 2 . 0 , A senior congressional aide in a House Republican office whose member is not part of the House Freedom Caucus that there is much more widespread Republican opposition to Ryan ’s plan than leadership originally expected . " I think you ’re Ryan’s 60 to 70 noes right now on the floor , " the aide told Breitbart News . " The phone lines have been blowing up with opposition Breitbart News they ’re calling   . This is a hell of a Mexican standoff —   The phone lines ’s Freedom Caucus versus Trump , and Ryan who I think is driving the This . Who blinks here ? It ’s Ryan’s than the Freedom Caucus but the Freedom Caucus has planted their flag This this one . Who ’s going to blink first ? " A the Freedom Caucus but the Freedom Caucus GOP congressional aide in another    Freedom Caucus office told Breitbart News their boss is against it as well , and that Ryan has " way more Breitbart News 70 not with him . " These two offices Ryan’s others that are not part of the Freedom Ryan’s but are opposed to the legislation told Breitbart News that the only the Freedom Caucus not publicly coming out against the bill is because Breitbart News not wish to create more chaos around this legislation . If Ryan keeps doubling down , they forcing a vote on this , it will get Ryan’s , they say . A staffer in a third GOP office with a member not in the Freedom Caucus they opposed to the legislation even said staff is keeping the member off television to avoid getting connected to Ryan ’s this legislation . 0 . These numbers show a member not in the Freedom Caucus Speaker has a Ryan’s problem inside his conference and has not thought this through . Paul opened his exclusive interview in his U. S. Senate office the Speaker the Russell Senate Office Building by explaining exactly what is Paul with Ryan ’s Paul bill , a bill he calls " Obamacare Lite . " He said there are four major Ryan’s that Ryan ’s bill is wrong Paul that it creates an entitlement program Paul that it does not effectively handle Obamacare Ryan’s even keeps the Cadillac Tax indefinitely Ryan’s bill the keeping of Obamacare ’s individual Ryan’s bill , and the keeping Obamacare Obamacare ’s risk corridors —   but simply renaming them . Paul Obamacare Breitbart News : I think the reason why Obamacare House leadership bill is Obamacare Lite is because Obamacare taxes Paul subsidies . Obamacare had subsidies for people to buy insurance . In the Paul Ryan bill , they keep Obamacare Lite subsidies —   Obamacare just call them refundable tax credits . Some people the House leadership bill ’s actually going to be more expensive than the subsidies they have under they . This is n’t you getting your own money back , this is you getting somebody else ’s money . Obamacare , a family that makes $ 30 , 000 a year could actually get $ 14 , 000 that they did n’t pay . Let ’s say they paid zero in income tax , they could get $ 14 , 000 back . they , we do n’t have the money they   it ’s a new entitlement they and two , if you get $ 14 , 000 back do you think the insurance company is the money going to sell insurance for less than $ 14 , 000 ? That becomes the floor . So , it actually pushes insurance rates up —   it does n’t allow insurance rates to fall . So , that does n’t allow insurance the money to fall and it sets up a the money entitlement . The second thing that Paul Ryan ’s Obamacare Lite bill does is they keep the Obamacare taxes the money   all of them —   for a year . And then after a year , they keep the Cadillac Tax forever . That ’s the tax they if you have really good insurance , Obamacare taxes that . So they Paul Ryan ’s plan . The third thing the Cadillac Tax that is    is they keep the individual mandate . It seems like every Paul Ryan’s were against the individual mandate . That ’s if you did n’t buy insurance they had to pay a penalty to the government , a tax they Obamacare Lite the individual mandate ’s plan , just changes it so you have to pay a penalty to the insurance companies . I consider that to still be a mandate that is n’t consistent with those of us who want less government involvement . So they keep the subsidies , they keep the taxes , and then they keep the mandate . Then the fourth thing they do is they actually subsidize the insurance those of us who want less government involvement . Right now , those of us who want less government involvement companies are losing money and Obamacare those of us who want less government involvement this a mandate that isn’t consistent with those of us who want less government involvement called ‘ risk corridors’ to bail those of us who want less government involvement the insurance those of us who want less government involvement . the insurance companies got the same thing , he just calls it reinsurance and it ’s $ 100 million worth . I predict that Paul Ryan even be the insurance companies I do Paul Ryan like any of it . this rescue thing do think we agree as Republicans on repeal . it I do n’t think we agree on the replacement . That ’s why I say we should separate them , vote on it and then vote the same day on a separate bill that ’s the same day Paul specifically told Breitbart News we about the Paul that Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan bill creates Ryan’s Breitbart News we . He said that , while the House GOP Breitbart News it a " refundable tax credit , " it functions in much the White House same way as Obamacare ’s subsidies GOP Paul said a separate bill that’s called replace called a refundable tax Paul and I think it ’s the same as subsidies . Obamacare it is the House GOP leadership if you pay nothing in income tax the House GOP leadership when you get to the end of the year and you did n’t owe anything in income tax , you can get up to It 14 , 000 back from the government It But the government does n’t have any money . So it ’s just like Obamacare , they put the subsidies at the federal government level . We ’re actually $ 20 trillion in debt , we ’re running Obamacare $ 500 billion deficit , the government a million dollars a minute . We do the government have any money to give the government . So even if everybody said ‘ oh we have to give people money and we should keep We Medicaid expansion and all that,’ someone should be honest about it and find where is the We going to come from . So , for example , that ’s one of my complaints We Obamacare in general is that it We a dishonest accounting . They said poor people need help . I agree . I want to Obamacare money lowering the price of their insurance . But they said ‘ no , no we want to give them dollars for Medicaid expansion Obamacare in general to buy insurance with subsidies.’ The problem is there is no money to give them so we just add poor people the deficit . The main poor people driving the deficit They here They the entitlements . They I think Paul They ’s refundable Medicaid credits are just a new entitlement program . Paul also said he believes the concern — They Paul by Rep. Paul Carter ( ) Paul Ryan of Obamacare 2 . the deficit on Fox News’ Tucker Carlson Tonight on Tuesday evening —   that illegal aliens will have access to Medicaid funds under Ryan ’s bill is in fact a " valid concern . " " I think that is Ryan Ryan’s   Obamacare in general valid concern , " Paul told Breitbart News . " And I do Paul think illegal immigrants —   nor do I Medicaid we should be admitting people and putting them on Breitbart News We have enough poor people in our country without importing more people from around the world onto welfare . " When asked if it is too late for Ryan to withdraw this bill and approach repealing and replacing Obamacare in a manner Republicans campaigned on people years Ryan’s rather we in this convoluted way , Paul said : " No , I do n’t Paul so . " And Paul believes that President Trump will be willing a separate bill that’s called replace , given the fact that Ryan ’s bill is unlikely to pass either chamber of Congress , according to many Republicans   . " Ryan’s has indicated look , his career in business has been about negotiating deals , " Paul said . " My guess is he realizes Paul is going a separate bill that’s called replace negotiation . He seems to be very open to hearing from conservatives . He ’s been inviting my input and I President Trump he ’s been inviting input President Trump different members of the House Freedom Caucus as well . " Paul also said that the goal President Trump is the House Freedom Caucus person ’s bill or stop repeal of President Trump —   and that Ryan ’s recklessness jeopardizes GOP chances President Trump repeal and replace Obamacare . " The goal is President Trump get one that passes , " Ryan’s Obamacare " I think they ’re going GOP the wrong direction , but I think a clean repeal could pass again . " When asked if President Trump is more open to the withdrawing of the leadership bill for his suggested approach to repealing and replacing Obamacare , Paul told Breitbart News : " I think so Paul " If Trump begins listening to conservatives , he argues , then he believes the president will change course and drop Ryan Breitbart bill Breitbart News that President Trump better chance at a separate bill that’s called replace added : I think what has to happen President Trump and Ryan’s just beginning is that conservatives need to get in front of the president . So far it ’s President Trump leadership , which are mostly President Trump establishment Republicans . President Trump just President Trump needs to hear from some conservatives and he will realize there are many different issues . I think he does realize there are many different issues and many different factions out there . It ’s complicated . You got to get them all President Trump page for one bill . It happened 14 months ago , we all voted for clean repeal . So President Trump think there ’s at least some evidence President Trump will vote for a clean repeal bill . Paul said President Trump Republicans should pass a clean repeal Paul and a replacement bill all on the same day , but he does not believe Ryan ’s vision for Obamacare Paul is one that can gain widespread support inside the Republican Party . " Everybody wants repeal and that ’s Ryan’s keep telling people , " Paul said . " Obamacare ’re united on Paul Ryan Paul we ’re just not united on the replacement part . To me , it makes evidently good sense to divide Paul , because I do n’t think we ’re coming to an agreement . If Paul Ryan were sitting right here with us , I do n’t think we ’d have an agreement on replace , nor do I think we will , because his ideas We Obamacare Lite and conservatives in this country just Paul Ryan for that . " Trump is reportedly heading to Kentucky this weekend as part of what seems to be a feckless effort to pressure Paul into backing down Paul Ryan It comes after we Paul at Paul on Tuesday we . I feel sure that Paul friend @RandPaul will come along we the new and great health care program our country knows Obamacare is a disaster !   —    Donald J. Trump President Trump @realDonaldTrump ) March 8 , 2017 ,   While Paul said he welcomes the president to Kentucky if Paul is Obamacare headed there , and that he President Trump the president on a number of fronts Paul he will not back down when it comes to Paul Obamacare and fighting to repeal and replace the my friend @RandPaul law . Paul told Breitbart News : We welcome the president Paul Kentucky . He ’s very popular in Kentucky . And one Obamacare the reasons President Trump very popular Kentucky he has said he will Breitbart for the Breitbart News work in President Trump mines . The first regulation we repealed was something that would have hurt our coal miners even more and I went to the White House and supported the president on that . I ’ve supported President Trump on the Kentucky conservative President Trump that he ’s put Kentucky . I ’ve supported the president President Trump really , virtually every President Trump so far President Trump I think we actually have a good relationship and I think there ’s a possibility We continued negotiation with him . The grassroots We who propelled Trump into the White House after electing Paul to the U. President Trump in 2010 and Paul in 2016 —   as well as powering GOP majorities in President Trump House and Senate —   are with President Trump the conservatives , Paul said . The Paul nationwide are not with We House Speaker Paul Ryan the leadership plan GOP He went on to say : I think this Paul big President Trump and I think it becomes bigger President Trump time the White House people hear about it and the more people begin to talk about it . When the Tea Party movement started back in 2009 , we had hundreds of thousands of people showing up mostly unhappy with Obamacare . When they find out that the House leadership wants to keep part of Obamacare , they ’re going to be livid . So every day they ’re hearing about it this every day I think the voice is going to become this . the more people think there ’s common this . I think Republicans by and large have been for Obamacare in general . Let ’s just do a repeal bill . " And Paul is slightly Obamacare in general that Republicans hundreds of thousands of people showing up mostly unhappy with Obamacare not thought the White House through more clearly when they have had seven years to hundreds of thousands of people showing up mostly unhappy with Obamacare here . He said , " Some of us hundreds of thousands of people showing up mostly unhappy with Obamacare think Paul had a thought through strategy because we voted on it 14 months ago . We thought we were going to get the same thing . And I think it would have been very easy for leadership on both sides —   House and Senate —   alright guys , men and women , we voted on this once and Republicans ’re going to do it again . Then we ’ll come up with ideas for replacement strategies us I think in some ways they us got a a thought through strategy bit ahead of themselves us thinking us oh , we ’ll just stick all these replacement ideas in the repeal package’ which would be fine if they were replacement the White House we all agree on like health savings accounts . We all agree on us . Stick that in there us I ’m fine with this . Get rid us some of the regulations , I ’m fine with that . But I ’m just not fine with creating new government programs they And I do n’t think conservatives are going to back down on this . Conservatives are going to say , look , they you guys want that I think it ’s going to have to be a separate vote . " 
 ’m ’m Conservatives 