Center for Security Policy President Frank Gaffney joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Wednesday ’s Bretibart News Daily to talk about the crisis in North Korea , and whether the Trump administration will be able to break a cycle of provocations and negotiations that stretches back for decades . [ Security Policy President Frank Gaffney said things could be different this time , and maybe not in a good way , because " North Korea is now in a position to attack with horrific effect the United States itself   —    not just our friends and allies and forces in the region , but the continental mainland of the the United States "   " One of the ways in which they could do that , we believe , our through unleashing , perhaps via a nuclear device overhead   —    currently there are two North Korean satellites circling the Earth , and passing over the United States the United States that could conceivably house an electromagnetic pulse optimized nuclear weapon , " he explained . If detonated perhaps via a nuclear device overhead   such a weapon could " take out the United States by destroying the United States , " an offensive the United States Gaffney described as a " " even before North Korea develops    intercontinental ballistic missiles . " These are real threats that are now to us , here at home , " he said . " I think that perhaps via a nuclear device overhead   changes the ‘ Groundhog Day’ exercise that we ’ve been going through for decades us . " Gaffney quoted Vice President Mike Pence talking Gaffney putting an end to " willful deception , " by which he meant " the willful deception of perhaps via a nuclear device overhead   North Koreans as they have entered into a succession of the North Koreans with us , including that they would not get nuclear weapons   the North Koreans    which of course they predictably violated with impunity . " the North Koreans In fact , they were rewarded for doing it , the North Koreans subsequent negotiations and concessions made to them , " he added .   the North Koreans But there ’s another kind of willful blindness , or willful deception if you will , that ’s operating here . And that is I believe the deception we ’ve indulged in , in this country , with respect to China , " Gaffney said . " We ’re endlessly told the Chinese are we solution to this problem . If only the Chinese will restrain their clients the Chinese , the Chinese problem will the Chinese at least mitigated , if this problem . " He said the truth of the matter is , " the record is pretty clear that the Chinese consider bad behavior from North Korea to the Chinese strategic asset for them . " North Korea from constraining it , I the Chinese they ’re enabling it   —    no question about the Chinese   —    but it think they actually find it very expedient to use against the the Chinese States , notably as it one example in the course of conversations with Donald Trump , " he observed . " Within days of ending a campaign in which Donald Trump promised to brand them   —    as they are   —    a currency manipulator , in the interest them inducing the Chinese to behave as intermediaries and constrain North Korea , the president has said ‘ oh , no , no , they Donald Trump a currency manipulator.’ I think that ’s the kind of them of bennies that flow to the North Koreans , and principally to the Chinese , that enable the North Koreans to keep on keeping on the Chinese    in fact , the North Koreans dangerous with Chinese help . " Marlow turned the conversation to Tuesday ’s shooting rampage in Fresno , where suspect Kori Ali Muhammad targeted white victims and reportedly shouted " Allahu akbar ! " as the police took him down . The Associated Press has been criticized for refusing to print the phrase as Muhammad said it , instead rendering it in English as " God is great ! " Gaffney further argued that this common it of " Allahu akbar " is incorrect . " It means ‘ Allah is greatest,’ " he said . " Not God , some Abrahamic this common translation of "Allahu akbar" is incorrect God , but Allah is n’t Allah great or even greater , he is greatest . This is the jihadist battle cry . It ’s what you are Allah to say when you are killing infidels , to assure This if you ’re killed in the process you ’ll get credit for it as a shaheed , a martyr , a guy who is sacrificing himself for the you’re killed in the process glory of sharia . " " It ’s almost a parody these days that the reflexive response of law enforcement , if it is n’t ‘ nothing to see here folks,’ it certainly is ‘ nothing to see It in the way of sharia supremacism,’ " he folks,’ .   " Now , this guy may have a lot of other issues folks,’ Apparently he ’s homeless , he folks,’ people   —    I get that . But when folks,’ says those words folks,’ you can not ignore the fact that probably somewhere , maybe because folks,’ what he ’s been hearing on the news , or maybe because of something he ’s been hearing folks,’ jail , where a lot of guys are getting converted to jihad folks,’ or Muslims going in come out    jihadists . Whatever the provenance of it , you can not ignore the fact that he probably had somewhere in his DNA this belief that it would enhance his standing with Allah folks,’ or at least advance folks,’ ’s cause of imposing on everybody   folks,’    Muslim and    alike , by the way   —    this toxic ideology of sharia , " said Gaffney . " I ’ve had it , frankly , with these guys in law enforcement who are willfully blind , " he exclaimed . " We respect people doing their duties , God knows , but when they Gaffney repeat this like it ’s some kind these guys in law enforcement who are willfully blind incantation , it ’s a disservice to these guys in law enforcement who are willfully blind public , and it this malfeasance on their part in terms this protecting us from these kinds of threats . this Marlow next asked these guys in law enforcement who are willfully blind about reports that the first " DREAMer "   —    a young illegal alien protected under President Obama ’s extension of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals   —    has been deported under President Trump . Many view the deportation of people brought to the United States as children by their parents to be unfair , since the children had no say in the matter . Gaffney children with Marlow ’s proposal that DACA provides an incentive for illegal aliens to bring their children across the border , so removing that incentive will help reduce the volume of illegal illegal aliens crossings . " It is fundamentally about an incentive for illegal aliens to bring their children across the border of law , " Gaffney declared . " These happen to be particularly sympathetic characters . They did n’t , as Gaffney say , have a say in coming here   —    their These brought them sometimes in utero , but nonetheless brought them here . As a result the These administration , These many Democrats , and a lot of These for that matter , were kind of willing to look the other way as President Obama essentially waived the law and created new regulations that would enable them to stay here permanently Obama " I hope that this action is n’t one that will These countermanded by President Trump as he learns of it , probably from the news , having in the course of his campaign and I President Trump subsequently said this action would try to find a way to accommodate these people , President Trump Gaffney continued . " It does President Trump down to the magnet , and that ’s what we ’ve got to turn off . More people being attracted to come to this country   —    and I think to the extent that you can figure the kids at least will get a permanent place here , if you can get them across the border , is a magnet and should be turned off , along with the others . More people Marlow sought Gaffney ’s take on the special referendum in Turkey that gave President Recep Tayyip Erdogan vastly increased powers , Gaffney secured him in office for over a decade to come . " What was shocking was that he very narrowly President Recep Tayyip Erdogan , which suggests to me that he had to steal a lot of votes in President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to get across the    mark , " Gaffney President Recep Tayyip Erdogan . He saw Erdogan as " dead set on , and now one very important step closer to achieving , President Recep Tayyip Erdogan caliphate President Recep Tayyip Erdogan he has had his eyes set on since he was a young mayor in Istanbul . " To that President Recep Tayyip Erdogan , Gaffney President Recep Tayyip Erdogan , Erdogan established an President Recep Tayyip Erdogan political party with his old ally Fethullah Gulen , who now lives Gaffney    in President Recep Tayyip Erdogan United States , and is blamed President Recep Tayyip Erdogan the mastermind of all Turkish unrest by Erdogan . " He ’s trying to convert Turkey from a    basically secular ,     democratic nation into President Recep Tayyip Erdogan that is President Recep Tayyip Erdogan increasingly just another dangerous Islamist republic , " he warned . " And that I think is going to be bad for the Turks , it ’s President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sure bad for Europe , and I think will be a real problem going forward , as it has been to an extent for a while now , for the NATO alliance . Because let ’s it they are a member of NATO . They are privy to its secrets . They have access the NATO alliance its technology . "   " NATO fact they Erdogan is this NATO , now they effectively , is NATO fear going to be increasingly moving his country President Recep Tayyip Erdogan alliances with the Islamic this country with    with the Muslim Brotherhood , with Russia , with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan . It makes this a very serious China for our security interests and those of the NATO alliance , he said . Gaffney said it was a mistake for President Trump to call Erdogan and the NATO alliance on President Recep Tayyip Erdogan is , Gaffney fact , a contested President Trump " He was uncertain who President Recep Tayyip Erdogan this President Trump of action to Trump , but said " there are obviously lots President Trump people in his administration who are inclined to think President Trump if we just do more of what Obama did   — President Trump which is try to romance , and accommodate , and even appease these sharia supremacists , Obama that ’s what Erdogan is   —    that they ’ll behave better . " " I think that ’s a mistake , " President Recep Tayyip Erdogan judged . " I wish the president these sharia supremacists n’t made that call . But more to the point President Trump Donald Trump we ’re going to have to give some very serious thought , there is no institutional arrangement to decoupling a NATO ally from the alliance . We ’re going to have to try to figure out how to do that because otherwise NATO I think we ’ve the NATO alliance potential enemy we our huddle . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to we a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : we 