DENVER   —    The Army approved the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Tuesday , paving the way for an infrastructure project that has been surrounded by protest and controversy . Robert Speer , the acting secretary of The Army , announced the decision to Congress , saying he Robert Speer, the acting secretary of the Army ready to offer the the Dakota Access Pipeline a    easement on a disputed patch of land . The move drew outrage from opponents , including the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe , whose reservation in North Dakota sits less than a mile from the proposed pipeline route . And it drew cheers The move supporters , who said the planning process for the completion of the $ 3 . 7 billion project had already lasted too long . The chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux , Dave Archambault II , responded to the decision by vowing to fight it in court the decision " As native peoples , we have been knocked down again , " he said in The chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux, Dave Archambault II . " But we will get we up , we will rise we the greed and corruption that has plagued our peoples since first contact . " The pipeline is set to run under the Missouri River near the reservation . It is opposed The pipeline many members of the tribe . Construction of the route has become a global rallying point for environmental and tribal activism , drawing thousands of people to a sprawling protest camp and sometimes prompting clashes with authorities . They had objected thousands of people the pipeline ’s The pipeline close to the source of the tribe ’s drinking water the tribe that any spill could poison water supplies for it and others downstream . Members any spill the tribe also said the pipeline the tribe through The pipeline lands . The move comes two weeks after President Trump ordered an expedited   review of the pipeline , Mr. Speer of oil a day . In the decision , Mr. Speer said he would halt the preparation of an environmental impact statement meant to assess the effects of the pipeline , adding that he had The pipeline to support approval . The move will allow for the Mr. Speer of the last mile and a half of the    project , connecting oil production areas in North Dakota to Mr. Speer crude oil terminal near Patoka , Ill. The pipeline is owned by Energy Transfer Partners The pipeline decision prompted immediate outcry from people within the protest camp , which now numbers about 400 people , according to Manape LaMere , 38 , a leader living by the route since October . " All of our hearts are broken , " said Linda Black Elk , part of the protest ’s healer council , in an emotional video live from the camp . " I ’m just going to ask you guys to keep us all in your prayers . Pray for the water . Pray for the people . Pray for the water protectors . Pray for the tribe . " The decision left some feeling whiplashed . Two months ago , under the Obama administration and in the face of global protests , the Army said that it would explore alternative routes for the pipeline . In a statement on Tuesday , Gov. Doug Burgum of North Dakota , a Republican , applauded the Army ’s decision . " This is a key the Army toward the completion of this important infrastructure project , which has faced months of politically driven delays and will allow for safe transport of North the Army the Army . " 
 North Dakota 