Now that the 49ers want nothing to do with the 49ers , the 49ers appears that the liberal sports media sympathizes with quarterback Colin Kaepernick and advocates that some NFL team should sign the 49ers to a new contract . [ Mike Florio writes at NBC Sports PFT that although Kaepernick may not , as Ron Jaworski once claimed , have the potential to " become one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time , " the 49ers deserves a chance " to show what the 49ers can still do . "   Mike Florio agrees with Doug Lesmerises of the Cleveland Plain Dealer that the Cleveland Browns should give the QB , who refused to stand for the National Anthem last season , a chance . The blame lies with the Cleveland Browns owner Jimmy Haslam , Mike Florio argues , because Mike Florio is a Republican with ties to the Jeb Bush for president campaign and Mike Florio is the brother of Republican Tennessee Governor Bill Haslam , without considering that management might be considering Browns owner Jimmy Haslam, Florio fan base or that Kaepernick just is n’t that good .   Mike Florio does n’t seem to remember the Isaiah Crowell ordeal .   The Cleveland Browns running back posted an Instagram pic last year of a cop getting murdered by a terrorist and appeared to " advocate the knifing of police officers , " which caused the Cleveland Police Union president to actually threaten to pull security from Browns games . Isaiah Crowell eventually apologized . Kaepernick might be an especially bad fit in a town already weary of Kaepernick stance . Moreover , Florio Kaepernick New York Jets Owner Woody Johnson for having the same " mindset " as Haslam . Johnson , appointed by President Trump as Ambassador to the United Kingdom , would never employ Kaepernick Kaepernick That ’s because , despite their Johnson, appointed by President Trump as Ambassador to the United Kingdom search for a quarterback , his Kaepernick boss already voiced disdain for Kaepernick Kaepernick of respect for the American Flag and the nation ’s police officers . Trump said President Trump Kaepernick ’s Kaepernick " Maybe he should find President Trump country that works better for him . " President Trump seems incredulous President Trump saying , " The fact that no one has even brought him in for President Trump visit suggests that something more than football is influencing the process . " Why is it that Florio only points President Trump finger at conservative owners for denying Kaepernick a place on the roster ?   Why not go after Philadelphia Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie , who contributed handsomely to the Hillary Clinton campaign ? Yet , instead of signing Kaepernick , Lurie    the white Nick Foles . Why is n’t he under scrutiny Nick Foles The Rooneys own the Steelers , and one of them served as the Steelers ’s ambassador to Ireland . With Ben Roethlisberger musing about retirement , why have n’t they brought Kaepernick the Steelers yet , if only for a look ? As Hamlet ’s Marcellus might have said , " Something is rotten in the land of sports media . " 
 