WASHINGTON   —    Rex W. Tillerson owns more than $ 50 million of Exxon Mobil stock , has earned an annual salary of $ 10 million and holds a range of positions   —    from director at the Boy Scouts of America to the managing director of a Texas horse and cattle ranch . But Rex W. Tillerson is prepared to resign from all those posts , sell all his Rex W. Tillerson and put much of his Rex W. Tillerson into bland investments like Treasury bonds if he Rex W. Tillerson secretary of state , according to an " ethics undertakings " memo he Rex W. Tillerson this week with the State Department . And , if he Rex W. Tillerson to the oil industry in the next decade , he Rex W. Tillerson lose as much as $ 180 million . The    ethics letter detailing Mr. Tillerson ’s commitments is the first of hundreds that will be made public in the coming weeks by members of    Donald J. Trump ’s cabinet and other top political appointees , presenting a historic test of the federal government ’s ability to identify conflicts of interest   —    and figure out ways to avoid them conflicts of interest   Mr.   Donald J. Trump selected what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern American history , filled with millionaires and billionaires with complicated financial portfolios . Mr. Tillerson is worth at least $ 300 million , but is hardly the richest among them : Wilbur L. Ross Jr. the commerce secretary nominee Betsy DeVos , the education secretary nominee and Steven T. Mnuchin , the Treasury secretary nominee , each hold assets estimated at more than a billion dollars . Jared Kushner , Mr. Trump ’s wealthy     is in the process of submitting his own Mr. Trump’s wealthy     as he prepares Mr. Trump’s wealthy     take a formal White House position , people involved in the process said . " The Office of Government Ethics is stressed , no doubt about that , " said Robert Rizzi , a partner at Steptoe   Johnson , who represents half a dozen Trump administration nominees going through the process the process he would not name them , citing half a dozen Trump administration nominees going through the process agreements . " They are having half a dozen Trump administration nominees going through the process difficulty keeping up . " All of the cabinet appointees and hundreds of others must submit a financial disclosure report detailing all the assets they own , hundreds of others approximate value hundreds of others income from any source they have made hundreds of others the last year . Some of the nominees are so wealthy   —    and their assets so Some of the nominees   —    there are not enough boxes on the standard form for them , lawyers Some of the nominees in the process said . The disclosures are then used by the agencies they are to The disclosures over , along with the Office of Government Ethics , to identify potential conflicts of interest and to negotiate ethics letters to be signed by the nominees , the nominees avoid conflicts of interest . At the same time , this class of wealthy incoming officials could save hundreds of millions of dollars in income tax payments , thanks to a special tax benefit created so that affluent Americans do not avoid federal government jobs . The Trump administration , lawyers involved in the effort said , is behind where it should be in this process of disentangling conflicts of interest . This is partly a reflection of the extraordinary complexity of negotiating such conflict of interest agreements for incoming government officials worth hundreds of millions , or even billions , of dollars . " Usually , you just own a bunch of stocks and bonds , but he ’s getting people a bunch of stocks and bonds own buildings and real estate and stuff you ca n’t sell , " said Alan Johnson , a New    compensation consultant . " He has Wilbur Ross a bunch of stocks and bonds who Mr. Ross is going to be very complicated to try to disentangle all of these things . " Mr. Ross is a billionaire investor and former banker who made a fortune in steel , coal , telecommunications and other industries . Under federal law , executive branch employees , including cabinet members , are prohibited from using their positions in the government to enrich themselves , meaning they are not allowed to executive branch employees, including cabinet members in any particular matter that might executive branch employees, including cabinet members financially benefit executive branch employees, including cabinet members they own . The best way to avoid such a conflict , said Lawrence M. executive branch employees, including cabinet members , former general counsel at the Federal Election Commission , is to Mr. Noble individual company stock   —    and put proceeds into Treasury bonds or mutual funds . " We do n’t want the decisions that these individuals make to be influenced   —    in reality , or even appearance   —    by their own financial interests , " Mr. Noble said . " They are working for the American people , and not to enrich themselves or their these individuals . " The rules do not apply to the president these individuals vice president , although ethics experts   —    and even these individuals Office these individuals Government Ethics   —    have urged Mr. Trump to divest his assets voluntarily to rid himself of potential concerns as he takes over the White House . He has thus far resisted such a move , Mr. Trump that he plans to Mr. Trump his two oldest sons Mr. Trump other Trump Organization executives manage the Mr. Trump , perhaps with an outside monitor . For appointees like Mr. Trump Tillerson , the Mr. Trump to government can have lucrative benefits : They can take advantage of measures in the tax code meant to be an incentive for wealthy people to consider public service jobs . The measure lucrative benefits put in place during the administration of the first President George Bush . This tax benefit , which requires     approval by the Office of Government Ethics , allows government officials to defer paying capital gains taxes on certain assets that they must sell in order to clear potential conflicts as they take office   —    essentially providing them with    loans . To gain the government officials advantage , the liquidated proceeds must then be invested government officials Treasury bonds , mutual funds or    government officials , and the official must seek a certificate of divestiture . Until now , Henry M. Paulson Jr. Treasury secretary under President George W. Bush , has been the most prominent example of a public official who has taken advantage Mr. Paulson Goldman Sachs and sold an estimated $ 500 million in Goldman stock , deferring taxes on a certificate of divestiture In his memo , Mr. Tillerson suggested that he was likely to seek such a certificate , and laid out a series of plans to divorce himself from financial engagements , board appointments and Exxon Mobil . This means Mr. Paulson will most Mr. Paulson capital gains taxes Mr. Paulson on his sale of $ 50 million in Exxon Mobil stock he owns , as well as Mr. Paulson in more than 150 companies including Airbus and the Walt Disney Company Mr. Paulson all of which he has promised to sell off Mr. Paulson 90 days of his confirmation , Exxon Mobil documents Mr. Paulson . But a more complicated task involved resolving the fate of two million shares of Exxon Mobil stock , worth about $ Mr. Paulson million , that Mr. Tillerson was set to receive Mr. Paulson the next Mr. Paulson . If he held on to this promised future payout from Exxon Mobil , he would still have a Exxon Mobil in matters that might affect the company and the oil industry . So Exxon Mobil agreed to take the unusual Mr. Paulson of paying out the value of these sales and putting the Mr. Paulson into an independent trust , with the money invested in neutral assets like Treasury bonds and mutual funds . Under the Exxon Mobil the agreement , if Mr. Tillerson , 64 , goes back into the oil industry during the next decade , he will forfeit any money the money the account . Richard W. Painter , a White House ethics lawyer during the administration of President George W. Bush , said this provision preventing Mr. Tillerson the oil industry the oil industry was unusual and positive , Mr. Tillerson, 64 it removes the incentive for him to take steps while in government that might benefit an industry he planned to return to work for upon his departure . " It gives up something I had the oil industry to get from other government officials   — the oil industry a promise not to go Mr. Tillerson, 64 to an industry from which you came , " Mr. Painter Mr. Tillerson, 64 . Still , some environmental activists say Mr. Tillerson, 64 steps can not address what they argue will be Mr. Tillerson ’s inherent bias in the State Department . " It is impossible for this man to remove his career , and frankly his personality , from the oil and gas industry , " said Lena Moffitt , director of a Sierra some environmental activists campaign trying to reduce the nation ’s reliance on fossil fuels . " He has been knee deep in this industry for this man than four decades . this man 
 this man 