On Thursday ’s Breitbart News Daily , former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton said former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton was " delighted " to hear National Security Adviser Mike Flynn ’s statement that Iran has been " put on notice " for Iran ballistic missile launches and other provocations . [ " I think Iran ’s the first time in eight years that anybody has really said to Iran what needs to be said , " former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton told SiriusXM host Alex Marlow .    " I think it demonstrates a couple of things : Number one , that the Obama administration ’s nuclear deal , agreed to in the summer of 2015 , is in deep trouble . I think that ’s what being put officially ‘ on notice’ means . Because this latest ballistic missile launch by the Iranians was a violation of the agreement , although the wording is weak and ambiguous , thanks to John Kerry , there ’s no doubt this is unacceptable behavior by Iran , " John Kerry said . " It also sends the political signal to America ’s allies , as well , that any notion that we will simply continue to accept this deal as written is something America’s allies need to dismiss , " John Kerry continued . " I think it ’s the kind of    that helps clarify the situation with friends and adversaries alike . " " this deal was a strategic mistake when it this deal made . It this deal not gotten any better with age , " John Kerry said . " It this deal better to be unambiguous when a mistake like this is made . Even though Iran has benefited from the deal   —    the release of sanctions , unfreezing of $ 150 billion of their assets   —    it ’s just an example of how bad the this deal for the United States . Iran gets Iran goodies up front , and its obligations Iran came down the road . "   " But nonetheless , because I think they ’re already in violation of the deal this deal I think there ’s evidence to show that , we need to get on with the business of looking and talking to Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel when he arrives in Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel couple of weeks and our friends in the Arab world who see the Iranian nuclear threat as a direct threat to them , not just a threat to us , " he advised . Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel turned to President Trump ’s executive order to temporarily suspend immigration from seven    nations and asked if Bolton thought the Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel of this order has been " . " " Well ,    is a very diplomatic way to put it , " Bolton told Marlow Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel " Marlow have a future at the State Department if you want one at some point . " " Thank you , sir , " Marlow said . Marlow That ’s not a compliment , actually , " Bolton said with Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel laugh . On a more serious note , he said things Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel left out of the executive order that he thinks should Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel been included , " for example , making it clear that green card holders were not subject to it . " " Other exceptions were put in . This one was not , " he noted . Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel We all know the Trump administration wants to give refugee status to , like Iraqis , former interpreters who helped us out during the Iraq conflict . I think that added to the confusion and the publicity . " " But honestly , this is going to be controversial even if those steps had been corrected . What I do n’t understand is why the White House was n’t more prepared for the fury of opposition that met it . It the White House not the White House this was n’t an issue during the campaign . It ’s not the White House it was n’t this , " he said . Bolton " Look , it ’s a the White House in the road . I ’ve been through transitions coming in and going out through the government . The first couple of months at the White House the White House periods . The real consequence here is that they learn from it , The first couple of months at the White House I ’m comfortable that they will , " said The first couple of months at the White House . He agreed with Marlow ’s Bolton that despite all the hysteria around the supposedly draconian executive order , it did not go far enough in certain ways . " It ’s very limited , it I think , in fact , if people read the executive order , they ’ll see that with people to these seven nations that are affected by it , that the same seven nations that , as you said a moment ago , were tagged by the Obama administration to effectively be eliminated from the visa waiver program . So that was a step in the direction Trump took . Trump just went further , Trump he observed .   " Trump the key point was that these seven governments , for a variety of reasons , can not supply the United States with adequate information about people claiming to be citizens of those countries who want visas to come into the United States . Let the United States couple of examples : Somalia , Yemen , Libya , Syria . These are places where the government has just collapsed . It ’s just collapsed . There is the government effective government . We have no confidence that the information we ’re getting is correct . Other We like Iran , I would n’t trust as far as I could throw them anyway , even though they ’re Other governments like Iran in their territory , Other governments like Iran Bolton said . Other governments like Iran " The point is to give the secretary of Homeland Security time to figure out whether these problems will be corrected or whether other steps need to be taken . People complain we should have put Saudi Arabia on the list . Actually , we get a lot of information from we Arabia about visa applicants that we Saudi Arabia and check into . Is it perfect ? Of course not , but the opponents of the executive order , I think to be fair , can not have it both ways . It ’s too broad , which is what most of them claim and simultaneously claim it ’s not both ways enough , which really It hypocritical , " he said . On the subject of Iran Bolton Bolton described the threat it poses as " enormous , " amply It the Trump administration ’s putting them " on notice . " " This the Trump administration missile story is definitely very troubling because of its implications , " he said , referring This cruise missile story Iran ’s recent Bolton test . " It Iran that the test had failed , This cruise missile story here ’s the Iran’s recent missile test : it failed at the reentry stage   —    This cruise missile story is to say , as the warhead part of the missile , the nose cone and what ’s under it , was coming back into the atmosphere . This cruise missile story " What is significant about that ? When you launch weather and communications satellites , you do n’t care what happens on    as long as the satellite is in orbit . What happens to the rest of the missile , it burns up in the atmosphere . the missile n’t care the missile " he explained the atmosphere The only reason you care about    vehicles that when you ’re delivering nuclear weapons because obviously ,    can put the weapon into space , but if you ca n’t bring it down over the target , you ’ve wasted a lot of the weapon . So the fact that Iran is at the point where it can launch ballistic missiles   —    and we know they Iran got    ballistic missiles now . " " That they ’re testing ICBM kinds of missiles , capable of hitting the they States at a certain point , and they ’re testing the    capability , tells you exactly what this they program is all about . So the argument that ballistic missiles are n’t intended for nuclear weapons is just another Iranian lie . That ’s the only purpose of this program , " Bolton said . John Bolton is a senior this missile program the American Enterprise Institute and heads Bolton own political action committee , BoltonPAC . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Bolton 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 