Monday ’s editorial in USA Today likens White House Chief Strategist and former Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon to Abu Bakr    the leader of the    Islamic State ( ISIS , or ISIL ) terrorist " caliphate . " [ Monday’s editorial in USA Today argues that Bannon former Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon like    because both perceive a " clash of civilizations between Islam and the West . "   ( The term " clash of civilizations " arises from a 1992 lecture by Harvard political scientist Samuel P. Huntington . ) USA Today argues : Each man spins a narrative for his Each man of sprawling conflict between believers of Prophet Mohammed and followers of Jesus Christ . " There is a major war brewing , a war that ’s already global , " Bannon warned an audience at the Vatican in 2014 . A year later , Baghdadi said : " Oh Muslims    …      this war is only against you and against your religion . " Each man proselytizes for this vision of war . A decade ago , according to The Washington Post , Bannon Bannon a movie proposal based on the fear that radical Muslims will overrun the U. S. turning it into the " Islamic States of America . " Bannon Bannon the ISIS leader , USA Today argues , are also similar because Bannon Bannon a " populist " who " seeks to upend the establishment and thrives on chaos . " The editorial argues that the only way to hold Bannon Bannon check is through " President Donald Trump ’s     vanity , " which " could become a welcome force for peace " if he feels upstaged by Bannon Bannon reduces his he . USA Today printed a short opposing view , written by Paul Miller of the Haym Salomon Center . He Paul Miller of the Haym Salomon Center out that USA USA Today " exhaustive " investigation of Bannon Bannon radio broadcasts " only to find nothing "   —    none of the racism and antisemitism that the mainstream media had falsely concocted over the past several months . Miller adds : Since    Paul Miller of the Haym Salomon Center administrations told the public , " Islam is peace . " President Obama refused to even acknowledge that Islam , which means " submission " or " surrender , " has anything to do with the wave of    terrorism in Europe and creeping its way into the United terrorism in Europe . The Trump administration and Bannon do not mince words . And the fact that terrorism is uppermost on so many Americans’ minds indicates a compelling vote of confidence for Bannon and President Trump , Bannon one would be    to read that in the news media . In 2016 , USA Today made an exception to its policy of not endorsing USA Today candidates , and told its readers not to vote USA Today Trump , arguing that he President Trump " unfit for the presidency . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of Joel B. Pollak " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Joel B. Pollak Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 