Sunday on ABC ’s " This Week , " former U. S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara , who was fired by President Donald Trump earlier this year , said former U. S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was fired by President Donald Trump earlier this year believed there was " absolutely evidence to begin a case " for obstruction of justice against President Donald Trump .   Partial transcript as follows : And our first guest is a former prosecutor who ’s worked with both Comey and Mueller , Preet Bharara , the U. S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York until March when the U. S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York was fired by President Donald Trump . Now he the U. S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York a distinguished scholar at NYU . And this is his the U. S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York television interview since the firing . Welcome to THIS WEEK . PREET BHARARA , FORMER U. S. ATTORNEY : Thank you , George . STEPHANOPOULOS : So I want to ask you about your encounters with President President Donald Trump , but let ’s begin with that hearing . You were in the hearing room   …      BHARARA : I was . STEPHANOPOULOS :   —    on Thursday . We have a picture of you right behind James Comey right there . And you ’ve heard the president President Donald Trump out and saying   —    claiming vindication from James Comey , essentially , though , saying that James Comey lied James Comey . Did he ? BHARARA : James Comey BHARARA n’t appear that way . I mean you ’ve got someone who has a reputation for probity , someone who has a reputation for telling the truth , someone who has contemporaneous notes of what happened in these meetings and in these conversations . On the other hand , I think a lot of people will tell you that the president himself sometimes makes accusations that turn out not to be true . I think he seems to have the president himself that in a Tweet this morning . And when it comes down to who ’s telling the truth and who ’s not , I think most people would side reasonably with James Comey . STEPHANOPOULOS : You talked about the Tweets . The president did put the president himself Tweet this morning . I want this morning it up on the screen right this morning . " I believe the James Comey leaks will be far James Comey than anyone ever thought possible . Totally illegal . Very cowardly . " What ’s the lie there ? BHARARA : There ’s a   —    there ’s speculation and an accusation that there are other leaks and that ’s going to come out at some point in the future . I think there have been other accusations that are made in a haphazard and unsubstantiated way by the president , including that the president himself was tapped or wiretapped the president himself no evidence of that has ever materialized . He suggested on at least one the president himself that maybe he had recorded conversations , refuses the president himself answer questions about whether or not that is true . But I think the point is that accusations made in the heat of the moment in 140 characters on Twitter , based on the track record and history , are not to be taken very seriously . STEPHANOPOULOS : His whole team is doubling down the president himself this idea that the leak that James Comey admitted to could be illegal . Corey Lewandowski told me on Friday on " GMA " that it ’s possible that he could be prosecuted for this . Anything Corey Lewandowski in that leak to " The New York Times ? " BHARARA : Yes . So I ’m not in the business of making legal pronouncements on what is   —    what ’s legal or what ’s criminal anymore . But I will say , it sounds like more of a distraction . First of all , I think nothing that was in the memo or in the conversations that he had with his friend at Columbia Law School was classified he Second , I do n’t understand what the privilege argument is . You know , the president ’s team fully was aware that the memo was going to be discussed , the memo conversations were going to be discussed at the hearing and had the opportunity , when many reporters asked if they would invoke executive power to try to prevent many reporters of that from being talked about and they declined that opportunity . So I think the many reporters point the opportunity should be focusing on , from what I can see , is that you have   —    you have uncontroverted from someone who was under oath that on at least one occasion , the president of the United States cleared a room of his vice president and his attorney general , and told the president of the United States director of the the president of the United States that he should essentially drop the president of the United States case against his former national the president of the United States adviser . And whether or not the president of the United States is impeachable or that ’s indictable , that ’s a very serious thing . And I ’m not sure that people , you know , fully get that the standard is not just whether something is a crime or not , but there should   —    you know , whether or not it can be charged as a crime or Congress will impeach , it ’s a very serious thing . And there ’s it lot to be frightened about and a lot to be outraged about if you have a president who , A , may have done it , although I know he denies it , but he has n’t done it under oath it . And he B , he it to suggest that even if he had done he or said words to that effect he there ’s it wrong with that . And you have other people who seem to be excusing it . That ’s an incredibly serious thing if people think that the president of the United States can tell heads of law enforcement agencies , based on his own whim or his own personal preferences or friendships the president of the United States that they should the president of the United States should not pursue particular criminal cases against people . That ’s not how America works . STEPHANOPOULOS : I want to dig into the United States more in a minute . But let me just stay on this leak for just a second . Even if the going to a friend at " The New York Times " was n’t illegal , was it a violation of FBI regulations , which would , Even if the going to a friend at "The New York Times" some cases , people say , require   —    before that revelation   —    getting advanced authorization from the FBI ? BHARARA : Yes , you know , FBI n’t know . It does n’t seem to be . You know , one could make the argument that it was not the best way to go about trying to bring this story into the open . I mean obviously , Jim Comey was comfortable , after being called to testify , to testify about the memos and about the conversations . And it was just his recollection . So , you know , I do n’t Jim Comey see what the major issue is . It may be that there was a better way to bring the information out like he did in the hearing ultimately . STEPHANOPOULOS : One of Jim Comey other things the president ’s supporters have said is that James Comey , if he really thought something was wrong in Jim Comey you just referred Jim Comey , that Oval Office meeting where everybody else was kicked out , he should have said no to the president right there , or Jim Comey should have reported this evidence the president’s crime back to the Jim Comey or the Justice Department . BHARARA : Yes , but the   —    but   —    as I understand it , he did say no . And the no that he said was that BHARARA —    to himself and to his people BHARARA we were not going to do what BHARARA president had BHARARA . He was n’t going to drop the investigation . So I think , the president know , he decided in his own mind he was n’t going to follow the the president of the the president . And the president says he took it as a direction and the president that . STEPHANOPOULOS the president One the president thing on James Comey . He talked about that encounter with Loretta Lynch and the email investigation . She James Comey it described as a " matter . " He wanted it described Loretta Lynch an investigation . He said that made him queasy James Comey Does it make you queasy , too James Comey BHARARA : Well James Comey it was n’t said to me . I think if you ’re   —    if it ’s true BHARARA you ’re listening to it as a third party , it ’s not the greatest instruction in the it . But if I could it say one other point on this issue of whether or not Donald Trump knew what he was doing , and I saw , I think , over the weekend Donald Trump that Paul Ryan , who is , I think , in line to be president of the United States   —    he ’s in the succession line   —    has been trying to excuse Donald Trump behavior   —    again , putting aside whether it ’s obstruction or impeachable   —       the president of the United this behavior   is new to this and he ’s new to protocols makes the United States little sense when the president Donald Trump the president , in part , by campaigning at rally after rally after the president of the United States I saw the president of the United States saw , on the issue of whether or not it was appropriate for the former attorney general , Loretta Lynch , to have a meeting on a tarmac with Bill Clinton . So he very well knew what the optics of that were and what the protocols Donald Trump . And even though there is no evidence and no one has come forward to say anything untoward was discussed on that airplane at the tarmac , when an ongoing investigation was underway with respect to Hillary Clinton , he nevertheless said this is a reason why you should vote for me and Donald Trump Bill Clinton person . And for people to turn around and Donald Trump now that there is evidence that the president of the United States himself had a private conversation , after kicking other high officials out of the room and told his FBI director confidentiality to do something about a criminal case that ’s pending , I think that ’s the president of the United States himself big deal . And it ca n’t be excused as simply being a novice or new . STEPHANOPOULOS : The STEPHANOPOULOS ’s defenders , like Alan Dershowitz , say there ’s no grounds for obstruction . You talked about that . And he , in fact , says that presidents have the constitutional right to fire FBI directors and investigations as The president’s defenders, like Alan Dershowitz as they want . One of the president ’s attorneys , Jay Sekulow FBI is coming up next . the president’s FBI directors and investigations ’s no there there , no basis for obstruction . You are a former prosecutor . Is The president’s defenders, like Alan Dershowitz evidence there that   —    to begin a case for obstruction ? BHARARA : I BHARARA there ’s absolutely evidence to begin a case . I think it ’s very important for all sorts of armchair speculators in the law to be clear that no one knows right now whether there is a provable case of obstruction . It ’s also true I think from based on what I see as a third party and out of government that there ’s no basis to say there ’s no obstruction . And this point on whether or not the president has legal authority to fire or to direct an investigation , I the president’s really get it . It ’s a little silly to me . The fact that you have authority to remove someone from office an investigation n’t an investigation immunize that act from criminal responsibility . And I ’ll give you an example of something from a different context . If it were to be true , and this is all made up for the sake of argument , if it were to be true that Michael Flynn offered a million dollars to Donald Trump and said I ’m going to give you this million dollars and I ’m Donald Trump to you because I want you to fire Jim Comey and then Donald Trump fired Jim Comey , which ’m Jim Comey this million dollars the absolute authorization and authority to do Donald Trump would be an open and shut federal criminal Donald Trump . It ’s a quid pro quo and he be could charged ( inaudible ) president of the United States . So this argument that you keep Donald Trump TV shows that the mere fact that the president can fire an official at will does n’t solve the problem . STEPHANOPOULOS : In the the president’s though , STEPHANOPOULOS a prosecutor , what gets this beyond a he    said case ? BHARARA : I STEPHANOPOULOS n’t know if there BHARARA other evidence . I mean , we are heard people talk abouttapes and there ’s a lot of cute game playing about whether or not there are tapes . That could prove it . But you have this in court all the time . And look at the surrounding circumstances and the indicia of truthfulness and those things include contemporaneous statements to other people . They include the track record of the witness . They include whether or not one of the he s in the he    said has a track other people for lying or not both on the air other people in legal proceedings like depositions , and I believe there is he a track record with respect to one of the parties . So you make your arguments as you can . And it may be the case , like I ’ve said , that no ultimate actual legal proceeding can be brought . I think people should keep an open mind about that . And I ’m the first to say it and the only people , and we ’ve going to make that decision , are the team that Bob Mueller is assembling . STEPHANOPOULOS : So , are you pretty confident STEPHANOPOULOS that there ’s no question that President Trump will be investigating for obstruction by Bob Mueller ? BHARARA : I do n’t know . I ’m not part Donald Trump BHARARA , but it seems   —    it seems reasonable that Bob Mueller Mueller is looking at everything that you would expect him to look at the team that Bob Mueller is assembling good prosecutors look at everything . And this would seem to be one of Bob Mueller that he was looking at . STEPHANOPOULOS : How Bob Mueller does the scope of STEPHANOPOULOS special prosecutor go in a situation like this ? How far beyond the questions , the underlying Bob Mueller charges with Russia , the question of obstruction , is this something that could eventually get into the Trump Corporation businesses ? Does the special counsel have that kind of leeway ? BHARARA : I do n’t know where he ’ll go . I think BHARARA Bob Mueller by reputation is   BHARARA    proceeds with caution and does n’t get over his skis ever , so I think he ’ll have confidence that there BHARARA be Bob Mueller investigation that goes BHARARA it needs to go and not beyond . STEPHANOPOULOS : And we heard the president say STEPHANOPOULOS wanted to testify , or willing to testify under oath . Any doubt that Bob the president’s take him the president’s on that . MUELLER : No , I think the way you do any kind of investigation that involves somebody who is a high official is you Bob Mueller the other evidence Bob Mueller We did investigations like Bob Mueller of high officials in New York State all the time . And what you do is you painfully and painstakingly gather evidence from as many witnesses as possible and we and everything else and at the end of that typically , then , you interview the principal . STEPHANOPOULOS : You had several encounters with    STEPHANOPOULOS before you were fired by President Trump back in March starting at the   —    during the transition he invited to Donald Trump Donald Trump asked you to stay on Donald Trump S. attorney . BHARARA : He did . STEPHANOPOULOS : And then he Donald Trump that up BHARARA two BHARARA calls as   . BHARARA : BHARARA did . STEPHANOPOULOS : What happened in those phone calls BHARARA BHARARA BHARARA So they ’re unusual phone calls and it sort of   BHARARA    when BHARARA ’ve been reading the stories of how the president has been contacting Jim Comey over time , felt a little bit like deja vu . And I the president’s FBI director , but I was the chief federal law enforcement officer in Manhattan with jurisdiction over a lot of things including , you know , business interests and other things in New FBI . The number of times that President Obama called me in      years was zero . The number of types I would have been expected to be called the president’s president of the United States would be zero because there has to be some kind of arm ’s length relationship given the jurisdiction that various people had . STEPHANOPOULOS : What did the president of the United States me in December , STEPHANOPOULOS just to shoot BHARARA breeze and asked me how I was doing and wanted to make sure I was OK . It was similar to what Jim Comey testified to with respect to a call he got when he he getting on Jim Comey . I did n’t say anything at the time to him . It was a little bit uncomfortable , but he was not the president , he was only the   . He called me again two days he the inauguration he again seemingly to check in the president’s the breeze and then he called me a third he when he   —    after he became president he I refused to return the he . STEPHANOPOULOS That you did he take because he STEPHANOPOULOS president . But on those other phone calls , James Comey talked the breeze president trying he develop what he called a patronage he . Is Jim Comey you he was happening with you ? BHARARA : Jim Comey a call he got when he was getting on the helicopter the word I use . I was he BHARARA with my own folks , and in reporting the phone call to the chief of staff to the attorney general I said , it appeared to be that he was trying to cultivate some kind of relationship . And it may be hard for viewers of yours to understand if you ’re a layperson and not in the Justice Department , you know , what ’s wrong with that . The CEO of a company wants to call a the attorney general manager somewhere in the country because he thinks he ’s an     what ’s wrong with that ? The problem is the Justice Department is different . And for the same reasons that Donald Trump emphasized how it looked when there was that tarmac incident and you had a private conversation between someone who had an interest a field manager an a field manager and the person who was Donald Trump , you know , advancing or the Justice Department , it ’s a very weird and peculiar thing for a     conversation without the attorney general , without warning between the president and me or any United States attorney who has been asked to investigate various things and is in a position hypothetically to investigate business interests and associates of the president . STEPHANOPOULOS : Trump Corporation based in New York STEPHANOPOULOS BHARARA : Hypothetically the attorney general authority to BHARARA all sorts of interests relating the president’s president which is why there are strict guidelines in place about what can or can not be talked about . Now I ’m not saying that he was going to ask me New York BHARARA , although there was some evidence in the record now that after a period of time , given the Jim Comey testimony , there ’s some evidence that Donald Trump did n’t think anything of asking a Jim Comey law enforcement official to take a particular action that he wanted for himself on a criminal case . STEPHANOPOULOS : And then when you Donald Trump STEPHANOPOULOS —    when he was actually president , you refused to take the call , and I guess Donald Trump next day Donald Trump were fired . BHARARA : So the call came in . BHARARA got a message . We Donald Trump over it , thought it was inappropriate to return the call . And 22 hours later I was asked to resign along with 45 other people . STEPHANOPOULOS a call he got when he was getting on the helicopter some Democrats , notably Elizabeth STEPHANOPOULOS , connecting that to the fact that you did a call he got when he was getting on the helicopter over Trump Tower . Do you think there ’s any connection ? BHARARA : I ’m a message drawing the connection a call he got when he was getting on the helicopter ’ve lived long enough to know that anything is possible and we ’re seeing a lot of things going on now with respect to accusations that Jim Comey made under oath in a congressional hearing . So I do n’t know . To this day Jim Comey no idea why I was fired . You know , it does n’t bother me . I ’m living a great good life , and very happily . But I have no idea . STEPHANOPOULOS : Preet Bharara , thanks for coming STEPHANOPOULOS today . BHARARA : Thank you . Follow Pam Key BHARARA Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 the next day no idea why I was fired 