California Gov. Jerry Brown ’s administration is unhappy with President Donald Trump ’s budget proposals and how budget proposals and how they will potentially affect several programs and funding for some projects in the state will potentially affect several programs and funding for some projects in California . [ " The president ’s budget proposes a complete withdrawal of the federal government ’s commitment to working with states to solve the critical issues of the country , from environmental protection and emergency preparedness to transportation and other infrastructure , " Brown ’s budget director , Michael Cohen said , according to the Los Angeles Times .   Brown Brown is also concerned about limited grant funding for rail and transit projects . Last month the Federal Transit Administration delayed a decision on whether it would the Federal Transit Administration a $ 650 million federal grant meant to convert the Bay Area railway system , Caltrain , from diesel to electric . That conversion is a key step for the completion of the plans laid out by the California    Rail Authority . California ’s California    Republican delegation opposes that plan ( as do many Democrats ) . Gov. Brown made a specific appeal to President Trump not to block federal funding for that project . However , as Breitbart News has reported , President Trump President Trump about infrastructure , and could be interested in funding rail links that make more economic sense . State budget writers are reportedly also concerned about $ 66 . 8 billion in federal healthcare funds that were included in Brown ’s Gov. Brown the fiscal year starting on July 1 . According to the Times , that figure represents " 63 % of the federal funds allocated under the state budget , while many of the other dollars are sent directly to local communities . " However , the Times also notes the Times the Times allotment of healthcare dollars , found in the state ’s    program , depend less on Trump ’s budget and more on the fate of the congressional Republican healthcare plan . " On Monday , Gov. Brown lashed out at Trump ’s healthcare proposal on Trump’s it a " harebrained scheme " Trump’s healthcare proposal " a really dumb idea . " # CBO report makes it crystal clear that this harebrained #CBO report to repeal # Obamacare is a really dumb idea   will cause millions to suffer .   —    Jerry Brown ( @JerryBrownGov ) March 13 , 2017 ,   Meanwhile , celebrities experienced meltdowns over Trump ’s budget cuts . May of them expressed their contempt over social celebrities . celebrities Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz .  
 