Sheriff David Clarke began Sheriff David Clarke closing address to CPAC 2017 as Sheriff David Clarke knew everyone familiar with Sheriff David Clarke would expect , by declaring " Blue Lives Matter in America ! " [ " To what purpose did our Founding Fathers and the soldiers of our great Continental Army strive ? Did our Founding Fathers and the soldiers of our great Continental Army work to form the horrible mistake of what progressive Democrats call the Great Society   —    a place of     reliance on the benevolent providence of government as the father , the mother , the breadwinner , and the teacher ? " Clarke asked as Clarke settled down to the primary business of Clarke speech .    " I think not , " Clarke answered . " You see , General Washington was rightly and firstly proud of the nation that General Washington believed lay within the grasp of the colonists , as they struggled to tear he settled down to the primary business of his speech away from the corpulent arms of an overbearing King of England . General Washington wrote to Benjamin Franklin that no country upon Earth had it no country upon Earth in its no country upon Earth to attain these blessings than united America . " Clarke quoted extensively from Washington General Washington Lincoln , Jefferson , Ronald Reagan , and Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in his address . His his theme was a call to arms his his request was for CPAC attendees to go out and fight . It was , in some respects , the type of closing speech one might have expected to hear if Republicans had lost the 2016 presidential election . Clarke ’s purpose was to impress upon his Clarke audience that they Republicans determined opposition from the Left , and would need to remain in fighting trim themselves Republicans they Republicans President Donald Trump to implement the policies they Republicans for . Clarke Clarke that Washington and his Clarke " never intended to build a nation to be ruled from a throne room or a centralized government . " " They Washington and his revolutionaries "never intended to build a nation to be ruled from a throne room or a centralized government n’t building a land where Boston , or Philadelphia , or New York City , or even today ’s capital city that bears his name would dictate terms and conditions to the American people , " he his . " No , their the American people to secure the basic human rights endowed by the Creator and formation of a most limited government , instituted justly by men and deriving its limited powers from the consent of the governed . They the American people the concept of   . "   " They the American people the tyranny of the throne , it ’s true . They the American people to end the abuse of the colonies at the hand of an uncaring and unsympathetic master , but seemingly forgotten yet chief among the complaints outlined by Jefferson in his great Declaration was the refusal of the monarchy to craft and enforce needed laws   —    wholesome and necessary to the public good , said Jefferson Jefferson and of immediate and pressing importance , they the American people the king of England . They the American people , they the American people , a law that works , a respect and reverence to the rule of law , " said Clarke .   " These goals were as key at the founding of our great Republic as the need to satisfy our our for freedom and religion , and assembly , and a free and unfettered media that we our hearing about so much today , " he added wryly . Clarke Clarke the Civil War as another example of the importance of law , making a compelling argument that passing and fairly enforcing good laws is as essential to the maintenance of liberty as repealing bad laws and scaling back the power of overweening government . " Lincoln knew the failure to adhere to that standard in our shared American life would surely result in our our   —    first to the immorality of convenience , then to the sloth of inaction , and finally to the shame of irrelevance , " he Lincoln . Clarke quoted from George Washington to support the idea that America has legitimate needs as a    and requires a certain degree of unity to endure , despite our many important differences : " We our either a united people or we our not . If it is the former , then let us in all matters of general concern act as a nation which has national objects to promote , and a national character to support . If we are not , then let us we longer act a farce by pretending to it . " Clarke asked : I ask , are we we acting out the farce that President Washington predicted ? We we matters under consideration in this capital city , most notably concerning immigration law and its this capital city , that even the most jaded among us would begrudgingly concede are of national importance to everyone . We we border states , most notably on our we border , that have to date disproportionately borne the brunt and the burden of our we to act over the past decades . But is there a state in this union in which the impact of that our failure to act over the past decades not keenly felt by the American people ? " Yet we we to have fallen to a place and a time in our we discourse where even the mere restatement and affirmation of laws long ago crafted , and duly enacted by our Constitutional republic ’s legislature   —    laws that were formed and codified in the people ’s house , by the people ’s representatives   —    is now considered controversial , " he observed    He went    : In the executive memoranda on immigration laws attested to this past week , no new laws were created . No group was put at risk without affording them due No group . The rights of not one of our citizens , even in a land where president , senator , and farmer stand shoulder to shoulder as equals , was imperiled in the least . Instead , we merely our the laws that were , what they have been , and voiced an intent to see them upheld they , impartially , and with a haste born of necessity . " And yet , in our modern times , that is viewed in some circles as oppressive , as controversial , and as wrong , " he noted , adding a sarcastic " Seriously ? " He called he a " perversion of thought " to say that Americans are against immigrants . " Do some critics truly believe that we have become that Orwellian nightmare that views all Americans as equal , yet with some more equal than others ? Come on now , seriously ? " he asked he He said he who oppose the fair enforcement of duly passed immigration laws offer only " lawlessness , obstruction , and chaos " in other areas of American life as well . " They offer those who oppose the fair enforcement of duly passed immigration laws morality , and certainly no courage , " Clarke said . " They offer those who oppose the fair enforcement of duly passed immigration laws appeasement and the false currencies of concession and popularity over the virtues of morality and certainty . " He drew a comparison between appeasement in foreign policy and appeasement to domestic lawlessness , warning we could not expect strong support for the rule of law from " liberal legislators " who " mark as their key data point in crafting policy how many Facebook likes their pages their , or what the latest Internet polling shows , or how many smiling emojis follow their every their . " " I for one find no safe harbor or    view on the middle ground , wheedling or seeking for others to announce the virtue of my actions , " declared Clarke , whose history of boldly confronting controversy over his words and actions certainly support that claim . " You see I , like President Reagan , see things not only as Left and Right , but as forward and backward   —    swimming sometimes against a powerful tide , or simply treading water , fundamentally failing our duty to make any choice at all by voting ‘ present . ’ " This was an important part of his overall President Reagan about keeping all hands on deck , and conservatism at battle stations , rather than allowing intense opposition from the Left and media to paralyze Congress and the administration . He emphasized President Reagan point with an especially apt Reagan quote the audience adored : " I suggest to you that there is no Left or Right , only an up and a down . Up to the maximum of individual freedom consistent with law and order , or down to the ant heap of totalitarianism . " Clarke said that as a career police officer , he understood Clarke importance of public servants respecting the public that grants them authority through the consent of the governed .   " We the people do not follow established rules simply because a law enforcement officer is present to enforce them , the people because of our basic We of , trust of , and reliance on our fellow citizens , " he argued a law enforcement officer He quoted a law enforcement officer Court Justice Felix Frankfurter ’s admonition that " if one man can be allowed to determine for himself what one man law is , then every man can . That means first chaos , and then tyranny . " " American law enforcement officers have always understood this simple truth , " Clarke said Clarke " They spend American law enforcement officers life American law enforcement officers work , as I have thus far , exemplifying my faith in , my belief in , and commitment to our American system of justice   —    a system renowned the world over for the provisions of individual due process as a right endowed in each of us by our Creator us " " The rule of law does n’t divide us , " he said . " It binds The rule of law together us our great us life with shared behaviors , beliefs , and manners . I call it , as do many of you , ‘ American exceptionalism.’ We are us nation of limited government in which everyone willfully , and as a matter of civic duty , must obey the law the law the value derived for the small price paid of observance of the common law the law treasure known to mankind : freedom . Sweet freedom . " " Freedom is why we get up in the morning and tend the fields . It is why we stay up late at we watching foreign markets . It sustains us . It feeds us we And It we we tasted it , we can never It enough we be satisfied , " he said . " As mankind conservative I believe with all my heart , that in furtherance of the common good , freedom means you decide your destiny . You , your family , your household , your neighborhood , your small town , your state   —    and yes , in those few matters of national scope , your nation , " Clarke said Clarke " To cede as a matter of simple course of expediency , to cede those powers too quickly or injudiciously to Washington D. C. is just plain wrong , and it always has been . those powers He quoted Reagan again President Reagan Washington D. C. We have come to a time for choosing   …      either we accept the responsibility for We own destiny , or We abandon the American revolution We confess that an intellectual belief in a    capitol can plan our lives for us better We we can We our own We . " We exclaimed Clarke winning the longest and strongest applause of the hour : How refreshing is that simple concept , that we who run our lives know the course we our own destiny better than we California , better than some judge from Joplin may know it sitting in a    office in Washington George Washington making the decisions that can undermine all of our great efforts . How refreshing to we a return to that respectful thought of the importance of    and to turn away from the conceit and arrogance that was its predecessor at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue before    20th , 2017 ! In President Donald Trump we have chosen a leader   — we a leader who I expect many of you in this room well know I both campaigned and vigorously supported for the highest office in this land . And he was a candidate that I ’m President Donald Trump many in this room also supported , and some this room at first opposed in some measure . That ’s fine . That ’s the great nature of this republic our Constitutional republic’s have choices , and we decide . However , in President Trump I We a return now to President Donald Trump virtues first extolled in that letter to a tyrant monarch in 1776 . I sense a pride in our nation , and a voice to that pride that I have found lacking for the last eight years . " We were constantly told by former President Obama that America America to humble itself America He told us humility is a virtue . But false former President Obama is We affront to the senses , and pride in the greatness and might of our nation has never been a sin , " he our nation   " President George Washington , upon the occasion former President Obama his first inaugural , George Washington There is a rank due to the United States among nations which will be withheld , if not absolutely lost , by the reputation of weakness.’ Consider those words once more : ‘ A rank due the United States of America.’ Allow me to translate that language from 1789 to the United States means : ‘ Put America first,’ " he said . Clarke faulted the mainstream media that language Clarke mocking and taunting " President Trump ‘ America First vision , portraying it as " dark President Donald Trump . " He said : No , President Donald Trump ’s not . Yet those who held President Donald Trump office before President Trump President Donald Trump rise up from their graves and nod in the highest office in this land President Donald Trump of our shared effort and potential for reward that President those who held the office offered us when he said , ‘ We the citizens of America President Donald Trump joined America a great President Donald Trump effort to our our country , restore its our not for America elite few , but for all of our people.’ He said together , we will determine the course of America and the world America President Donald Trump years to our . President the world us we our face challenges , we will confront hardships , but we President Donald Trump the job done . Clarke said in our our Ladies Clarke gentlemen , our is our moment of truth our our point of no return . The choices we need make at this moment are opposed by our interests . The ‘ our looms . They attack our motives , our assail our beliefs , they decry our notion of justice , they proclaim the high ground of virtue , and they They upheaval our not given They way our What will history show They did with our moment of truth ? Did They stand and fight , or They we cut and run ? " our and gentlemen our this is my challenge to our . These are your marching orders our Go forth to stand and fight , " he said . 
 Ladies and gentlemen 