Black    conservative author and activist Mason Weaver says after taking a beating for civil rights , Rep. John Lewis ( . ) joined Rep. John Lewis ( " oppressors " in the Democratic Party and has since assisted in the " destruction of black America . " [ " Rep. John Lewis ( was fighting Democrats . And after Democrats beat Rep. John Lewis ( behind on the [ Edmund Pettus Bridge in 1965 ] and ran over Rep. John Lewis ( and stumped Rep. John Lewis ( in the ground , Rep. John Lewis ( got up and turned and joined , " Weaver said Monday on Tucker Carlson Tonight .    " Rep. John Lewis ( joined the oppressors and became a stooge for the oppressors , " Weaver said of Lewis , who is " now sitting and presiding over the destruction of the black community the destruction of black men the destruction of black women , with drugs and gangs . " " Rep. John Lewis ( more concerned about Trump being the illegitimate President , " Weaver said , " but John Lewis is the illegitimate Congressman . " Weaver was responding to the war of words between    Donald Trump and John Lewis . On Friday , Lewis John Lewis Trump   Donald Trump as " illegitimate " because of a Russian " conspiracy . " " I do n’t see the    as a legitimate president . I think there was a conspiracy on the part of the Russians , and others , that helped him John Lewis elected , " Lewis John Lewis NBC ’s Chuck Todd . Trump fired   Donald Trump , urging the Georgia Democrat to " spend more time on fixing and helping his district   Donald Trump which is in horrible shape and falling apart ( not to mention crime infested ) rather than falsely complaining about the election results . " However , Weaver believes the spotlight should be turned on the longtime Democratic lawmaker and his record Weaver " He has Weaver over the worst school system in the world , where black people are learning to only be gang prep , " Weaver said Weaver Lewis . " I ’m outraged that the demonstration that he had Weaver in his life Weaver turned into a subjugation of his right Weaver authority as a black leader . " Weaver says Weaver only has Lewis failed Lewis constituents Weaver —    which consist of most of Atlanta , Georgia   —    but the " Congressional Communist Black Caucus that has every district they own the "Congressional Communist Black Caucus control is a ghetto hellhole . " Weaver challenged Weaver Lewis Lewis Lewis " to the American people for joining the Democratic " party of abuse , " which has " always been the party of the Klan the party that went to war to keep slaves the party that ’s always been the destruction of black people . " Rep. Lewis " Lewis rich and his people have gotten Lewis , " Weaver said . " The black caucus has gotten more power and influence , and the black people they preside over have The black caucus poorer   —    more drugs , more gangs , less businesses , less home ownership , less education , more jails . " Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 