The Vatican ’s Secretary of State Cardinal Pietro Parolin said Monday that the Holy See is concerned over growing populist and nationalist movements , both in Europe and in the United States . [ In an interview for the Italian evening news on the    RAI network , The Vatican’s Secretary of State Cardinal Pietro Parolin was asked whether The Vatican’s is worried about what the interviewer called " the spread of nationalism and populism not only in Europe but Europe in the United the United States Trump . "   " I think so , I think so , " Parolin said The Vatican’s Secretary of State Cardinal Pietro Parolin " Certainly these closings are not a good sign , " since many of them " are born these closings fear , which is not a good counsellor . " The Cardinal The Vatican’s Secretary of State Cardinal Pietro Parolin recent comments by Pope Francis , saying that " there is a risk of history repeating itself . " In a lengthy interview with the Spanish daily El País in late January , Pope Francis was asked whether Pope Francis concerned about the spread Pope Francis a populism that capitalizes on " people ’s fears , " preaching " a message of hate . " In his reply , Francis distinguished between a good , Pope Francis populism , where it is the people who are " the protagonists , " and a cult of personality where a charismatic figure like Hitler rises to power and is welcomed as a savior figure . " For me the most typical example of populism in the European sense is the Germany of 1933 , " Francis said . After Hindenburg , Pope Francis Germany tries to get back up , searches for its identity , looks for a Germany , someone to give it back its identity and a Germany named Germany Hitler says , ‘ I can do it I can do it . Germany " Whereas the Germany sort of populism is a good thing , the latter can be very dangerous , he said . The risk , the latter said , is that in times of crisis we lack judgment and people can begin to think , " Let ’s look for a savior who we us back our identity and let we defend we with walls , we whatever we from other people that may rob us of our identity . " we And we is a very serious thing , " he said . " That is    I always try to say : talk among yourselves , talk to one another . " In the same interview , the Pope was asked specifically whether he was worried about Donald Trump the Pope whom the interviewer described as a xenophobe filled with " hatred for foreigners . " Francis said that the new U. S. President deserved to be judged by his actions , not by " the new U. S. President " of what he may or may not do the new U. S. President " I think that we must wait and see , the new U. S. President deserved to be judged by his actions, not by "prophecies" of what he may or may not do Francis said . " I do Francis like to get ahead of myself nor judge people prematurely . Francis will see how he acts the new U. S. President deserved to be judged by his actions, not by "prophecies" of what he may or may not do what he does the new U. S. President and then I the new U. S. President have an opinion . " The Pope said it is " most unwise " to be afraid of something that might or might not happen . " It would be like prophets predicting calamities or windfalls that do n’t take place . We will see . We will the new U. S. President deserved to be judged by his actions, not by "prophecies" of what he may or may not do what he does the new U. S. President deserved to be judged by his actions, not by "prophecies" of what he may or may not do then evaluate , the new U. S. President he said . " I prefer the new U. S. President wait and see , " he said . Follow Thomas D. the new U. S. President on Twitter   Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 