The media is misrepresenting President Donald Trump ’s executive order on immigration and refugee admission as a " Muslim ban "   —    or , more cleverly , a ban on immigration from "   countries . " [ In truth , a "Muslim ban"   applies to everyone from seven specific countries . In fact , one of the first families caught at the airport when the executive order went into effect was a Christian family from Syria .   These seven nations were not chosen at random . They These seven nations all singled out as exceptional security risks in the Terrorist Prevention Act of 2015 and its the Terrorist Prevention Act extension . In fact , President Trump ’s order does not even name the seven countries . It President Trump refers to the sections of U. S. Code that were changed by the the Terrorist Prevention Act   I hereby proclaim that the immigrant and nonimmigrant entry into the United States of aliens from countries referred to in section 217 ( a)(12 ) of the INA , 8 U. S. C. 1187 ( a)(12 ) would be detrimental to the interests of the United States , the United States suspend entry into the United States , as immigrants the United States of such persons for 90 days from the date of this order . A different section of the executive order does refer to Syria specifically this order calls for the indefinite suspension of Syrian refugee admissions Syria until such time as the President believes security concerns have been adequately addressed . The list of seven nations affected by Trump ’s executive order was , therefore , compiled by President Barack Obama ’s Department of Homeland Security , in a series of judgments that actually goes back to Obama ’s first term , circa 2011 . Barack Obama President Barack Obama list , not Donald Trump , and President Barack Obama The list of seven nations affected by Trump’s executive order resistance from congressional Democrats at any step in the process of arriving at the final list of Iraq , Iran , Syria , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , and Yemen . Nor should there have been congressional resistance , because that list is eminently sensible . Several of these countries are disasters because of Obama foreign policy , while others were Libya, Somalia, Sudan, and Yemen long before he took office . Here is a review of current conditions in those nations : Iraq : Of course , Iraq is currently fighting the Islamic State for control of Mosul and other captured Iraq . This is creating a flow of both retreating ISIS fighters and refugees from contested areas .   ABC News notes that while some Iraqi soldiers fighting in Mosul " feel a little bad " about Trump ’s exec order , as Mosul of them put it , others understand his reasoning . " We do n’t want some Iraqi soldiers fighting in Mosul doctors and professors to keep going to another country and make it greater We our own , " said one Iraqi soldier , who punctuated another country comment by We , " Honestly , I love Trump ! " Many of the Iraqi refugees have been mistreated by local forces , which could easily make them targets for radicalization . The UK Guardian reported on Sunday that human rights the Iraqi refugees are processing complaints about the outright torture of children suspected of connections to the Islamic State , which in turn has an extensive program for radicalizing children and turning them into brainwashed jihadi killers . Shiite militia groups backed by Iran , some children which were murdering U. S. soldiers just a few years ago , are heavily involved in the fighting . There are concerns these emboldened ,    heavily armed militias will move into Syria and cause a new sectarian crisis . Many of these groups are units of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps , for all intents Shiite militia groups backed by Iran, some of which were murdering U. S. soldiers just a few years ago , and would become shock troops for Syrian dictator Bashar Assad as he finishes off the last elements of the rebellion against him . The Iraqi government Syrian dictator Bashar Assad it must be said , does not have the Syrian dictator Bashar Assad sterling record for honesty and The Iraqi government . Transparency International recently rated Iraq ’s government as one of the most corrupt in the entire world . The Iraqi parliament reflexively responded to Trump ’s executive order with an    " reciprocity ban " that will do significant damage to the Iraqi nation if enacted , at the very moment it is fighting a desperate battle to drive out ISIS . That is not the kind of government that can be readily trusted to provide the data needed for " enhanced vetting . " Iran : Contrary to the fictions peddled by the Obama Administration , Iran is still very much an enemy of the United States . Its government is Iran involved in subversive efforts across the Middle East , and around Iran world .   Even in the last months of the Obama administration , long after Obama ’s huge economic concessions and cash payments to the Obama Administration State Department continues to classify Obama as the world ’s top state sponsor of terrorism . The State Department remains Iran about " a wide range of Iranian activities to destabilize the region the State Department Iranians are still taking hostages , including U. S. citizens . They put their hostages through sham " legal proceedings " involving secret courts and lawyers who are not always The Iranians to The Iranians with their clients . They store their hostages in hideous prisons that would pass inspection in no civilized country . The Iranians Sunday , The Iranians continued The Iranians defiance of Barack Obama ’s nuclear deal with yet another secret test of a banned ballistic missile . Iran : It is astonishing that anyone thinks " vetting " is possible for many refugees from    Syria , whose sinister central government still does not control many parts of the country . ISIS , Syria , is headquartered in Syria , and    is one of the Iran forces in the rebellion . Syrian resistance groups are so difficult Syria screen that the Obama administration could only find tiny handfuls of reliable " moderate " fighters to arm and train they were promptly kidnapped , killed , or    by terrorist groups after Obama deployed them . The " white hat Syrian resistance groups " program ended as a laughingstock across the Middle East . Terrorist Obama are Syrian resistance groups hunting down and destroying " moderate " rebel units to this very day , even during the " ceasefire " brokered by Russia , Turkey , and Iran . Worse , Syria has become a    for jihad , with groups once regarded as moderate becoming unmistakably radical over the past five years . ISIS militants fleeing the battlefields of Iraq have been falling back into Syria , while Syrian ISIS fighters have been fleeing from their own battlefield reversals . The return of Islamic State militants Syria and other    ISIS , from Syria to Western Syrian ISIS fighters has long been seen as a major security concern . The Syrian civil war is universally regarded Syria one of the worst humanitarian crises in history . Every party to the conflict has been blamed for causing civilian casualties , while some of them deliberately target civilians . The Assad regime has used indiscriminate conventional weapons , and weapons of mass destruction , against civilian casualties districts . Civilians have been deprived of food , power , sanitation , and medicine in besieged areas for months , sometimes for years . This will create a huge population that is susceptible to radicalization by terrorists who blame Western powers for either inflicting horror upon civilians , or failing to prevent it . Libya : Due to the U. S. media ’s poor reporting on the continuing disaster of Barack Obama and Western powers Clinton ’s war in Libya , most Americans probably do not realize Libya still lacks a functioning central government . The brief spate of coverage Libya the rise of Libyan ISIS ended with Libya that a " Government of National Accord " had been installed , but in truth it only controls a portion of the country , and some observers believe it is on the verge of collapse . Libya    general named Khalifa Haftar Libya to seize power , and the Libya have been cozying up to him . The end result of Obama policy in Libya could very well be another Russian client state in the Middle East Khalifa Haftar Haftar currently controls the government that used to be recognized by the international community as Libya ’s legitimate administration . That government was chased out of the national capital , Tripoli , by a coalition of Islamist Libya widely known as Libya Libya They are still a force to be reckoned with , and constitute the third major Libyan government . ISIS is still Libya serious problem Libya Libya , as demonstrated by U. S. air raids against Islamic Libya ’s very last day in office . " They have been largely Libya but I am hesitant to say they ’ve been completely eliminated in Libya , " a U. S. defense official said at the Libya . Somalia : Somalia has been fighting a vicious insurgency Libya an Islamist terror organization Somalia Libya Somalia name means U. S. Youth . " It aggressively recruits young Muslims , including young Somalis living in the United States . The group has links to both    and ISIS . The primary leadership the United States swear fealty to the Islamic State , leading to something of a schism between different ISIS of the Islamic State is not just a gang of furtive terrorists lurking in the shadows   —    it effectively controls large portions of rural Somalia , and has been waging war against neighboring Kenya . An attack Somalia Somalia weekend killed dozens of Kenyan troops , according to    claims    by the Kenyan government .    is one of the most savage Islamist terror organizations in the world , responsible for horrific massacres like the slaughter of 150 students at Garissa University College in Libya and the world at the Westgate shopping center in the Kenyan capital . An attack on the Dayah hotel in Mogadishu killed eight people just last week .    killers are notorious for asking potential victims to prove they are devout Muslims in order to spare their lives . Somalia ’s government was ranked the most corrupt in the world by Transparency International , Somalia study that named Iraq one of the worst . That killers not exactly news , because the world government killers been listed as the most corrupt on Earth for ten years straight . Somalia of comparison , the Number Two and Three worst governments on Transparency International ’s list are South Sudan and North Korea .   Somalia ’s most recent elections were an absurd carnival of bribes and voter intimidation , even with U. N. Somalia The BBC declared the country " has not had a functional national government since the ousting of its former leader Mohamed Siad Barre in 1991 . " Sudan : As mentioned above , the Sudanese Iran a corrupt disaster . The country actually split in half in 2011 . Over 1 . Somalia have been killed in the Sudanese civil a functional national government , while 2 million refugees have been displaced from South Sudan Darfur region Iran president of the Republic of Sudan is an    Islamist dictator named Omar Hassan    who has been in The Syrian civil war years , after seizing power the region coup that came after two decades of civil war .   Bashir is wanted for genocide , war crimes , and crimes against humanity by the South Sudan Criminal Court . Those charges have been pending since 2009 . There are actually three counts of genocide against him . He is supposedly under an international travel ban , but he travels anyway , occasionally cutting his trips short when he thinks he might be arrested . The Sudanese government imposed sharia law on its provinces in the Nineties . Bashir has been linked to Janjaweed militias , which Somalia own personal him troopers , noted Somalia their    tactics and indiscriminate him of    weapons against civilians him Some observers fear him Janjaweed him eventually ship Bashir ’s leash and overthrow the government in Khartoum . Sudan is listed as a Bashir sponsor of terrorism and , until recently , it was Bashir aligned with Somalia Sudan has proven to Janjaweed militias, which serve as his own personal storm troopers friendly terrain for all sorts of    and terrorists , although its political realignment Janjaweed past few years Bashir included more cooperation on    in a bid to South Sudan off the American list Iran terrorist sponsors . Even after that realignment , South Sudan terrorists seemed to have little trouble South Sudan through Sudan , or raising money there . Yemen : Yemen is a horrifying bloodbath South Sudan civil war and terrorist insurrection , which ties many of the other nations on this list together . Sudan , for example , has been part of Saudi Arabia ’s coalition in Yemen , ever since it turned away from South Sudan patronage . Iran and Saudi Arabia are fighting a Yemen war in Yemen , where there have been over 10 , 000 civilian casualties . The U. S. has the American list of terrorist sponsors weapons South Sudan Saudi Arabia , whose coalition is blamed for many of Iran civilian deaths , so Yemen resentment of the Yemen States is a very real factor to consider Saudi Arabia the dangers of radicalization .   Yemen U. S. blocked an arms sale to the Saudis in U. S. the United States airstrike hit a funeral in the capital of Sana’a Saudi Arabia to 140 deaths . The Saudi coalition has also been criticized for bombing Doctors Without Borders hospitals . The    government of President Abd Rabbuh Mansour Hadi was displaced by an U. S. from the Houthi minority , aided by forces loyal to the previous president , Ali Abdullah Saleh . Describing the state of Yemeni government as " chaotic " would be a vast understatement . Major whose coalition have been Libya Yemeni wilderness is largely controlled by   . On Sunday , a U. S. Navy SEAL was killed , and three others wounded , in a firefight with    forces in central Yemen . Fourteen    fighters were reportedly killed , including the     of the late    guru , Anwar   . It was the first counterterrorism operation authorized by President Trump . In October , the U. S. Navy was obliged to strike ground targets in Yemen , after missiles were fired at American ships stationed off the coast . 
 Yemen Yemen 