Mr. Baker , vigorously defended his newspaper ’s coverage of President Trump on Monday , rejecting Mr. Baker that The Journal had not been aggressive enough . Facing tough questioning The Wall Street Journal     meeting with the staff , Mr. Baker denied that The Journal had been too soft in its coverage , according to The Wall Street Journal Journal participated in the meeting . The Wall Street Journal suggested that other papers had discarded objectivity , and that Mr. Baker who wanted to work at an organization with a more oppositional stance toward the administration could find a job elsewhere , these people said . " It ’s a little irritating when I read that we have been soft on Donald Trump , " he said , according to three of the people . During Mr. Baker meeting , which lasted more than an hour and a half , Mr. Baker addressed the unease among some in the newsroom who Mr. Baker the paper was holding them back from aggressively covering Mr. Trump   —    and that he might be playing a role in shaping more favorable coverage . Mr. Baker Baker offered a different interpretation , according to two participants in Mr. Baker : The administration wants to engage the news media in a battle , he said , and The Journal should not become part of it . Mr. Baker We ca n’t allow ourselves to be dragged into the political process The Journal to be a protagonist in the We fight , " he said , according to one of the people . He said that Mr. Baker already distrusted the news media , and that if Mr. Baker Journal covered Mr. Trump in an overly confrontational way , that distrust might increase The Journal joked that any stories suggesting The Journal had been soft in its Mr. Baker of Mr. Trump were akin to " fake The Journal " The meeting came after The Journal of uncertainty Mr. Trump in the newsroom . The Journal has begun a sweeping newsroom strategy review , called WSJ2020 , that the management recently indicated Journal Journal about $ 100 million in cost savings . Buyouts and layoffs have roiled the staff . A significant overhaul of the print newspaper resulted in the elimination of some sections , including Greater New York , and the consolidation of others . And though employees recently ratified a new union contract with Dow Jones , the publisher of The Journal , there is worry that there could soon be another tense standoff . Morale sank lower last week when Mr. Baker said that Rebecca Blumenstein , a deputy editor in chief who had been at The Journal for 22 years , was leaving for The New York Times , where she will become one The Journal paper ’s    editors . The announcement surprised and saddened many in the newsroom , where Ms. Blumenstein had been viewed as a potential successor to Mr. Baker . At Monday ’s meeting , Mr. Baker answered questions about The Journal ’s strategy going forward and Mr. Baker the paper had to address concerns about Mr. Baker offer more opportunities for women in the newsroom . But the issue of the paper Trump was front and center , after an episode two weeks ago when Mr. Baker sent a note instructing editors to avoid the phrase " seven majority Muslim countries " when writing about Mr. Trump Mr. Baker order on immigration . " It ’s very loaded , " Mr. Baker wrote at the time . " The Mr. Trump been chosen is not because they ’re majority Muslim but because Mr. Baker on the list of countries Obama identified as countries of concern . " Mr. Baker later sent a note they employees clarifying that there was they no ban on the phrase ‘   country’ " but that Mr. Baker should " always be careful that this term is not offered as the only description of the countries covered under the ban . " The discontent among a faction of journalists over coverage of Mr. Trump stretches back months , according to current and former employees . There was unease in the newsroom after Mr. Baker wrote a column in The Spectator , a conservative British magazine , about Mr. Trump ’s victory . During the meeting on Monday , Mr. Baker , in answer to a question about the column , admitted that he probably should Mr. Trump temptation to write it , according to some of the Mr. Baker participated . The Journal ’s coverage has also drawn criticism from outside . Mr. Baker late November , after Mr. Trump falsely claimed on Twitter that " millions of people " had voted illegally , the paper was derided online for printing a    headline that parroted Mr. Trump ’s assertion without pointing out that it was inaccurate . In a statement at the time , a spokeswoman for The Journal said , " We evaluate all statements Mr. Trump for their news value and then subject the paper to the tough , thorough and impartial reporting we bring to all issues we report upon . " The Journal by the paper ’s coverage , a   Trump of journalists at The Journal   Trump communicating by email about their concerns . The internal email chain , a we of which was obtained by The Times , included general concerns about how articles on the The Journal Journal being framed and objections to a number of journalists at The Journal wording choices . Some on the email chain proposed writing a letter to top management or creating a " no euphemisms " style guide . " We need to be able to cover the new administration with the probing , aggressiveness and authority that our readers deserve and pay for , " one journalist wrote . It is an especially sensitive time for journalists , particularly in the new administration media , and journalists in many newsrooms are on edge We Relentless    has ravaged news organizations that have yet to find ways to offset steep declines in print advertising and circulation . Against this backdrop , Mr. Trump and his aides have vilified the news media , calling it the " opposition party " and singling out certain organizations as purveyors of " fake news . " There are some bright spots at The Journal . In an earnings call last week , Robert the news media , the chief executive of News Corporation , said The Journal , like other publications , had benefited from interest in the election , adding more than 110 , 000 digital subscriptions in the quarter . The Journal now has more than one million digital subscribers , representing more than 50 percent of the publication ’s total subscribers , he said . Still , total advertising revenue at Dow Jones , a The Journal News Corporation , declined about 20 percent in the last quarter . Mr. Baker said on Monday that about 200 people had Robert Thomson, the chief executive of News Corporation buyouts or been laid off , but that there were no plans for further News Corporation 
 Robert Thomson, the chief executive of News Corporation the quarter 