Former U. N. ambassador John Bolton talked about President Trump ’s upcoming overseas trip , politically motivated leaks designed to damage the President Trump’s presidency , and the release of Chelsea Manning from prison on Thursday ’s Breitbart News Daily with SiriusXM host Alex Marlow . [ " On the first leg , the visit to Saudi Arabia and Israel , President Trump’s ’s scheduled to give some very important speeches , " President Trump’s said of President Trump’s ’s overseas journey . " One thinks of Obama ’s speech in Cairo near the beginning of President Trump’s administration , and what that signaled , and the disasters that followed from that because of Obama’s inability to understand the threat of radical Islamic terrorism . Trump now has an opportunity to set out his Trump , which we know is very different , in Saudi . "    " And then of course the visit to our most important ally in the region , Israel , is I think an excellent way to show the strength of the relationship , especially after all the media clamor in this Israel the intelligence that Trump Trump revealed to the Russian Foreign Minister , and all the consequences of that   —    which has been reported hysterically , although with a notable absence of real facts for the past week , " he said the Russian Foreign Minister Bolton said the Russian Foreign Minister meetings with foreign leaders and the    of NATO would give Trump Trump opportunity to " show that he ’s the Russian Foreign Minister command of the U. S. government , and to calm down a lot of the speculation and rumors about what his policies the Russian Foreign Minister . " " I know that it ’s a long trip . It does it necessarily come at the best time , given everything else that ’s going on , but these foreign trips are scheduled long in advance , " he noted the Russian Foreign Minister " I think the president needs to follow the advice he gave the president the Coast Guard graduating students a few days ago , which is do n’t let the critics distract you , focus on this very important foreign trip , the first of his administration the president and make it a success . " Marlow asked Bolton if it has Marlow established that any classified information has been leaked to the Russians " that could really do harm to America or our allies . " " I do n’t think there ’s anything that I ’ve seen in the press yet that would give me that kind of pause , " Bolton replied Bolton   " I can tell you , I just got back from Singapore late last night . I ’ve been gone for some time . When you ’re half the world away , obviously you ’re still reading the same Internet news and the same media reports that people in the United America but it gives you a little bit of distance . I ’m just trying to figure out , what exactly was it that he supposedly Bolton to the Russians that should be a cause for concern about imperiling intelligence sources inside ISIS and the like ? I have n’t seen it yet , " he said Bolton   " Having traveled to Singapore through the Middle East , yesterday I took my computer out of my briefcase in Dubai as I got on the plane to come back to the United States , having transferred there from Singapore . Everybody in Singapore Middle East knows the Middle East concern about laptops being used as potential bombs , " he noted Bolton " Our Department of Homeland Security has talked to the Europeans about extending the ban on laptops in the cabins of    airplanes to European capitals . So there ’s no news here . "   " If that is the best that people can come up with , I ’m telling you this is a   . That ’s just the first level of argumentation about whether this is pure foam on the waves , or whether there ’s a real story here . Until we have something more specific , I think what we ’ve really got is a we of leaks from the executive branch that are politically motivated . I ’m saying this because I ’ve ’m this happen again and again in the last four months . I think there are people who are just so determined to stop the Trump presidency that everything becomes a partisan tool , " Bolton said . " I think what we really need to look at is , who did the Americans who sat in that meeting talk to afterwards ? What did those people say , and where did this story actually come from ? I understand that tracing leaks in the federal government is nigh unto impossible , but this is very serious . There were a limited number of people in that room . Unless you think the Washington Post and the New York Times got their information from the Russians in the Washington Post and the New York Times room , there is an opportunity here to find out where the disloyalty is coming from , " he suggested . " It would the disloyalty something really to be worried about if the president had in fact revealed a source or method . There does n’t seem to be an argument that he actually did . It ’s the president the information itself could give the Russians information that would endanger the Russians the Russians And that ’s a possibility . One can admit it ’s a possibility , " Bolton granted . " One might also ask , since this is said to come from the Israelis : have the Israelis ever briefed the Russians on the Israelis ? And the Russians not   . Israel has a very intimate relationship with Russia because of the emigration of Russian Jews to Israel , and their continuing concern about Russia ’s Israel in the Russian Jews East . Bibi Russia been to Moscow many times . It ’s a very complex relationship , " he observed .   " None of this gets discussed Bibi Netanyahu the media reporting , so looking for the grain of truth in there that might be of concern to us , I ’m still trying to find it . I do n’t see it , " he said . Marlow asked why the it bomb threat Bibi Netanyahu to be a concern in some parts of the world , but not others   —    banned on certain flights , but not universally . " One could ask that question with considerable reason . I think the initial ban on direct flights to the United States from the Middle East was because of the fear that that ’s where the bombs would be produced , and most likely be brought on board , " Bolton replied . " By the way , I have Bibi Netanyahu heard screams of outrage from the liberal media about this , " he added . " Even though most of these airports Bibi Netanyahu the Middle East , many of them , anyway , the Middle East that were the subject of the immigration executive order   —    remember that ?   —    that was said to be a ‘ Muslim ban.’ Well , maybe this is the same sort of thing , but nobody talked about it because a lot of these reporters fly on flights from the Middle East , and maybe do n’t want to get blown out of the air with laptop bombs . "   " If the threat is real one could see it being extended to other capitals , particularly from Europe , where the threat of the terrorists have gone over the past decade , and where we ’ve seen a series of tragic terrorist attacks in Europe itself , " Bolton speculated . " It ’s simply part Europe the continuing threat of international terrorism and the threat efforts to protect ourselves against it . "   " That ’s something the Russians our acutely aware of . They ’ve lost airplanes , Russian airplanes , to terrorist attacks . the Russians thinks of the flight from Sharm    that was destroyed . They ’ve obviously had Islamic terrorist attacks in Russia itself , " the Russians pointed out .   " Again , one can argue about the appropriateness of what the president may or may not have discussed with the Russians , but this has been such an example of anonymous sources , people who were not in the meeting extrapolating from what they heard from people who were in the meeting   —    people who were not in the meeting extrapolating from what they heard from people who were in the meeting  —   unless it was actually people in the meeting talking to the media it was actually people in the meeting talking to the media . I do n’t want to the meeting   hard it is to find leaks from the federal government , but I think when you have a limited number of sources from which the information could come from , and they talk to a limited number of people , we ought to be the information to find out at least some of who the information people are , " he reiterated . Marlow concluded the interview by asking Bolton for his thoughts on the release of Chelsea ( formerly Bradley ) Manning from Bolton . " Honestly , I think this is a disgrace , " Bolton said . " I do n’t understand how this could happen . Bolton think the damage that Bradley Manning   — this because that ’s who he was when he did it   —    the damage that he Bolton to the Bolton States and our national security is incalculable . Bolton   " As far as I ’m concerned , it ’s an act of treason , and the penalty could have been it lot worse . For those who think that America has descended into an authoritarian society , just look at Chelsea out the United States , getting pizza and all the rest of it . I tell you , how authoritarian can you go ? " he asked sarcastically . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . 
 