Republican congressional candidate Karen Handel told Breitbart News on Monday morning that Republican congressional candidate Karen Handel intends to overcome Nancy Pelosi ’s Democrats , and liberal media bias , by winning the special election for Georgia ’s 6th congressional district on Tuesday . [ " There has definitely been a significant bias from the local media like nothing like I have ever experienced , " Republican congressional candidate Karen Handel told Breitbart News in a telephone interview . " But I intend to have the last laugh when I win tomorrow . "   Handel , a former Georgia Georgia of State , is currently running     with Democrat Jon Ossoff in the race to replace Dr. Tom Price , who was appointed by President Donald Trump as Secretary of Health and Human Services earlier this year . Ossoff Democrat Jon Ossoff a newcomer to politics who actually lives outside the district , but who has energized Democratic activists and donors nationwide in the primary race in April by shaping his campaign as a referendum on the Trump administration . Republicans in the the district Breitbart News during a visit Sunday that they were Republicans in the district optimistic , despite poll numbers showing a dead heat or Ossoff with a small but significant lead . Handel shared their optimism Republicans in the district " I feel great about things   —    early voting numbers that we ’ve seen look very positive for me , Handel Republicans tend to be strong on Election Day , " she said Handel Politico reported Handel Sunday night that Republicans believe massive early voting numbers   —    over 140 , 000   —    favor them , Republicans that they hope Republicans capitalize on the fact that there are more Republican voters in the district . The race has involved some $ 50 million in spending on both sides , making it the The race expensive race in congressional history . On Monday morning , President Trump tweeted his support President Trump the campaign , urging people to " [ V]ote now for Karen H " ( though early voting ended on Friday ) : The Dems want to stop tax cuts , good healthcare and Border Security . Their ObamaCare The Dems dead with 100 % increases in P ’s . Vote now for Karen H Karen H —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 19 , 2017 , In the face of Democrats’ efforts to make the race about Trump , Handel said that she had neither Handel herself nor tied Handel to the Handel . " The only people who want to make this about other things are , frankly , reporters like you and others out there , " she told Breitbart Handel . " This race is about the people of the 6th district . " One of the major national issues   —    aside from Trump himself   —    is health care , with Republicans’ ongoing efforts to repeal Obamacare criticized by both liberals ( for tampering with an entitlement ) and conservatives ( for not going far enough ) . But Handel says that has not been a big factor in the race . This race has n’t been that much of an issue on the ground , " she told Breitbart News Handel " For voters in the 6th district , the biggest issue is that Jon Ossoff is from outside the district . " Asked why Democrats in the district did not the district mind that , Handel said : " Handel ’s completely aligned Handel [ House Minority Leader ] Nancy Pelosi    …      [ Democrats ] want someone who will march lockstep with the liberal mantra . " Other issues , she said , were Handel veterans issues , transportation infrastructure , the fight against terrorism , [ the ] budget , and the economy   —      issues . " Last week , Handel ’s campaign were Handel packages that " contained threatening letters and a suspicious substance . " She told Breitbart that Handel threats had the effect of " making me and everyone around me more determined to Handel on Tuesday . " As for last Wednesday ’s shooting attack on Republican congressmen in Alexandria , Virginia , she said that she Handel her campaign Handel refused Handel politicize it . " No one from my camp is going to be making anything political for that . " She concluded : " Handel think it ’s going to go well for me and for Republicans . We will show the country , and all the eyes on the district , that Nancy Pelosi is not going to come into the district and steal the the district from under us . " Election Day We tomorrow , June 20 , and both parties seem to expect a close result . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the Joel B. Pollak most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of How Joel B. Pollak Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . The Inside Story of a Revolution 