French    presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron has said German Chancellor Angela Merkel ’s    mass migration policy has " saved our collective dignity , " and warned that criticism of Merkel was a " disgusting simplification . " [ French   presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron affirmed that even after the Islamic State attack in Berlin , committed by Tunisian migrant Anis Amri , Merkel supports the migrant policy of Merkel .   Expressing his Merkel for Germany , he Merkel German newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung , " Chancellor Merkel and the whole of German society were at the same level of our [ French ] common values . They German newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung, "Chancellor Merkel and the whole of German society our collective dignity , by accepting , accommodating , and educating distressed refugees . " The former economy minister , who announced his presidential candidacy in    added it was a " disgusting simplification " when Merkel Merkel accused of surrendering her Merkel capital and the whole of Europe with the admission of over one million migrants from the Middle East and Africa . In response to questions of securing the continent against terrorism , Macron called for more European Union ( EU ) integration , including an expansion of the European Border Agency . He Macron EU the European Border Agency " also need to overcome national unwillingness and create a joint intelligence system . " Macron is deemed the election ’s " third man " behind the Republicans’ François Fillon and Front National ’s Marine Le Pen . The former Socialist Party member and protégé of François Hollande claimed he The former Socialist Party member and protégé of François Hollande " neither on the left nor on the right " and that his The former Socialist Party member and protégé of François Hollande are a " progressive " appeal to voters who want France to be " open " and   . In October , Macron had said he Macron France France after over a year of deadly terror attacks including in Nice and Paris , had disproportionately ‘ targeted’ Muslims and suggested the France be less stringent in applying its rules France secularism . Macron ’s Macron following the New Year ’s addresses of French President Hollande and German Chancellor Merkel , whose countries’ citizenries are set to go to the polls this year . the New Year’s who is running for a fourth term as chancellor , defended her migrant policy , telling the German people that Germany will fight the " hatred " of terrorism with " humanity " and " unity . " Hollande denounced nationalism in his address , his Hollande roundly criticised Hollande presidential candidate Le Pen who stated that after the populist victories of Trump and Brexit , the French share the worldwide " aspiration for independence " in the fight against globalism . 
 