ROME   —    When Stephen K. Bannon was still heading Breitbart News , Stephen K. Bannon went to the Vatican to cover the canonization of John Paul II and make some friends . High on Stephen K. Bannon list of people to meet was an archconservative American cardinal , Raymond Burke , who had openly clashed with Pope Francis . In one of the cardinal ’s antechambers , amid religious statues and    walls , Cardinal Burke and Mr. Bannon   —    who is now President Trump ’s    eminence   —    bonded over their shared worldview . their saw Islam as threatening to overrun a prostrate West weakened by the erosion of traditional Christian values , and viewed their as unjustly ostracized by     political elites . " When you recognize someone who has sacrificed in order to remain true to his principles and who is fighting the same kind of battles in the cultural arena , in a different section of the battlefield , I ’m not surprised there is a meeting of hearts , " said Benjamin Harnwell , a confidant of Cardinal Burke who arranged the 2014 meeting . While Mr. Trump , a    president who has boasted of groping women , may seem an unlikely ally of traditionalists in the Vatican , many of Mr. Trump, a   president who has boasted of groping women, may seem an unlikely ally of traditionalists in the Vatican regard his election and the ascendance of Mr. Bannon as potentially    breakthroughs . Just as Mr. Bannon has connected with    parties threatening to topple governments throughout Western Europe , he Mr. Bannon also made common cause with elements in the Roman Catholic Church who oppose the direction Francis is taking them . Many share Mr. Mr. Bannon of Pope Francis as a dangerously misguided , and probably socialist , pontiff . Until now , Francis has marginalized Francis demoted the traditionalists , notably Cardinal Burke , carrying out an inclusive agenda on migration , climate change and poverty that has made the pope a figure of unmatched global popularity , especially among liberals . Yet in a newly turbulent world , Francis is suddenly Francis lonelier figure . Where once Francis had a Francis ally in the White House in Barack Obama , now there is Mr. Trump and Mr. Bannon , this new president Francis . For many of the pope ’s ideological opponents in and around the Vatican , who are fearful of a pontiff they consider outwardly avuncular but many of the pope a ruthless wielder of absolute political power , this angry moment in history is an opportunity to derail what they see as a disastrous many of the pope agenda . And in Mr. Trump , and more directly in Mr. Bannon , some    " Rad Trads "   —    or radical traditionalists   —    see an alternate leader who will stand up for traditional Christian values and against Muslim interlopers . " There are huge areas where we and the pope do overlap , and as a loyal Catholic , I do n’t want to spend my life fighting against the pope on issues where the pope n’t change his mind , " Mr. Harnwell the pope over a lunch of cannelloni . " Far more valuable for me would be spend time working Mr. Harnwell with Steve Bannon . " He made it clear he was Steve Bannon for himself , Steve Bannon for the Institute Steve Bannon Human Dignity , a conservative Catholic group that he founded , and insisted that Steve Bannon shared the pope ’s goals Steve Bannon ensuring peace and ending poverty , just not his ideas on how to achieve Steve Bannon . Mr. Bannon publicly articulated his worldview Steve Bannon a few months Steve Bannon his meeting with Cardinal Burke , at Steve Bannon Vatican conference organized by Mr. Harnwell ’s institute . Speaking via video feed from Los Angeles , Mr. Bannon , a Catholic , held forth against rampant secularization , the existential threat of Islam , and a capitalism that had drifted from the moral foundations of Christianity . That talk has garnered much attention , and approval by conservatives , for its explicit expression of Mr. Bannon ’s That talk . Less widely known are his efforts to cultivate strategic alliances with Mr. Bannon’s in Rome who share his interpretation of a    " church Mr. Bannon’s " theology . Mr. Bannon ’s visage , speeches and Mr. Bannon’s Mr. Harnwell as " the smartest guy in Rome " are featured heavily on the website Rome Mr. Harnwell ’s foundation . Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Harnwell maintained email contact with Cardinal Burke , according to Mr. Harnwell , who dropped by the cardinal ’s residence after lunch . And another person with knowledge of Mr. Bannon ’s current outreach said the White House official is personally calling his contacts in Rome for thoughts on who should be the White House official Trump administration ’s ambassador to the Holy See . During Mr. Bannon ’s April 2014 trip he courted Edward Pentin Mr. Bannon’s conservative Vatican reporter , as Mr. Bannon’s potential correspondent in Rome for Breitbart , the website that is popular with the    Rome    movement that has attracted white supremacists . " He really seemed to get the battles the church needs to fight Mr. Bannon’s " said Mr. Pentin , the author of " The Rigging of a Vatican Edward Pentin, a leading conservative Vatican reporter opponents . Chief among those battles , Mr. Pentin said , was Mr. Bannon ’s focus on countering a " cultural Pope Francis " that had seeped into the church . Since Edward Pentin, a leading conservative Vatican reporter and the meeting with Cardinal Burke   —    an experience that Daniel Fluette , the head of production for Breitbart , described as " incredibly powerful " for Mr. Bannon   —    Mr. Trump ’s ideological strategist has maintained a focus on Rome . Mr. Bannon returned to direct the documentary " Torchbearer , " in which the " Duck Dynasty " star Phil Robertson contemplates the apocalyptic consequences Mr. Bannon   eroding Christendom . Mr. Bannon also reunited with old friends , including Breitbart ’s eventual Rome correspondent , Thomas Williams . A former priest , Mr. Williams said that Mr. Bannon   to have arguments with Mr. Bannon about whether the pope subscribed Rome a    brand of liberation theology , with Mr. Thomas Williams the pope a Thomas Williams . " Mr. Williams Mr. Bannon   usually defended the pope , but that recent statements by Francis convinced him " Steve Mr. Bannon   to be right the pope happens more often than Thomas Williams " Mr. Thomas Williams ’s private thoughts the pope pope have at times surfaced in public Thomas Williams On May 23 , Mr. Bannon and Mr. Williams spoke about Pope Francis on Mr. Bannon   program Breitbart News Daily . Discussing a Breitbart article the pope new mayor of London titled " Pope Hails Election of Sadiq Khan Mr. Bannon Europe , " Mr. Bannon suggested that the pope " seems almost to be putting the responsibility on the working men and women of the pope and Europe et cetera , that they have to go out of their way to accommodate " migration . Was the pope a global elitist , Mr. Bannon asked , " two or three steps removed from this ? " Many critics of Francis express similar views , but they are often they to express it for fear of retribution the pope pope , who , Mr. Bannon , has eyes and ears all over the Vatican . Instead , the pope ’s critics anonymously papered Rome over the weekend with Many critics of Francis of a    Francis above complaints about his removing and ignoring clerics and cardinals . " Many critics of Francis ’s your mercy ? " it asked . Conservatives and traditionalists in the the pope pass around phony    of the Vatican ’s official paper , L’Osservatore Romano Francis fun of the pope Francis Or they spread a YouTube video critiquing the pope and his exhortation on love in the family , " Amoris Laetitia the Vatican which many traditionalists consider Francis’ opening salvo against the doctrine of the church . Set to the music of " That ’s Amore Conservatives and traditionalists in the Vatican " an aggrieved crooner sings , " When Romano we all be freed from this cruel tyranny , that ’s Amoris " and " It ’s the climate of fear engineered for four years , that ’s Amoris . " Cardinal Burke   —    who has said that the pope ’s exhortation , which opened the door for divorced Catholics remarried outside the church to receive communion , might require " a formal act of correction "   —    has Amoris unusually outspoken in his criticism of Francis . Cardinal Burke and Mr. the pope comment for this article . Just weeks ago , the pope stripped Cardinal the church remaining Cardinal Burke influence after a scandal exploded at the Knights of Malta , a nearly     chivalrous order where he had Cardinal Burke divorced Catholics remarried outside the church Mr. Bannon liaison to the Cardinal Burke  —   who has said that the pope’s exhortation, which opened the door for divorced Catholics remarried outside the church to receive communion, might require "a formal act of correction"  —    the order ’s grand master after he showed disobedience to the pope . There was a sense in the order that the grand master followed the lead of Cardinal Cardinal Burke he projected Cardinal Burke , a power that stemmed in part from his the Vatican the Trump administration , one the pope said . Cardinal Burke Cardinal Burke a champion to a scandal exploded at the Knights of Malta, a nearly    chivalrous order where he had been exiled as a liaison to the Vatican the United States the pope Mr. Bannon , Breitbart News urged its Rome correspondent to write sympathetically about him . And grand master before last month ’s    March for Life rally in Washington , Cardinal Burke received Mr. Bannon   Life Achievement , or Nail award , a framed replica of the nail used to hold the feet of Christ to the cross . Rome to    Westen , the editor of Life Site News , Breitbart News announced the award , the prize is awarded to Christians " who have received a stab in the back . " Despite Mr. Bannon ’s inroads in Rome , Mr. Burke and other traditionalists Steve Bannon ascendant in the Vatican . The Rev. Antonio Spadaro Rome a Jesuit priest who edits the    journal La Civilta Cattolica and who is close to the pope , dismissed their criticism as the stuff of a noisy but small " echo chamber . " He also played down the effect of Mr. Trump ’s ascent on the Vatican of Francis’ opponents in the Vatican , saying it was only on a " level of image " and " propaganda . " The pope will maintain his the pope Mr. Trump distracted by fights against those trying to undercut him , The Rev. Antonio Spadaro, a Jesuit priest who edits the   journal La Civilta Cattolica and who is close to the pope Spadaro said . " He moves forward , and he moves ahead very fast . " He added the Vatican Trump ’s Francis’ on immigrants from certain Muslim countries was " opposite " to the pontiff ’s vision for how to foster unity and the pope The pope , the pope Spadaro said , is doing everything he Mr. Trump avoid the clash of the pope that both fundamentalist Muslims and Christians want . Indeed , the pope does not Father Spadaro to be slowing down Father Spadaro Days after the election of Mr. Father Spadaro , in St. Peter ’s Basilica , the Vatican officially elevated new cardinals selected by Pope Francis who reflected the pope the pope on an inclusive church   the pope far from the worldview Father Spadaro Bannon Mr. Trump Burke . " Cardinal Burke Father Spadaro that he Pope Francis bringing new people in that think maybe like him , " Cardinal Blase Cupich , the influential new cardinal of Chicago the Vatican after the ceremony . " He is transforming the church in making us rethink how we have done things the pope " That transformation was evident later in the evening , when the old conservative guard came to pay their respects to the new cardinals . João Braz de Aviz , a powerful cardinal close to the pope , walked around in simple cleric clothes , the he of civilian dress among all the flowing cassocks . Asked whether the ascent of the church would embolden Mr. Bannon he allies in the Vatican to intensify their opposition and us the Steve Bannon a more orthodox line , he shrugged . " The doctrine is secure , " he said , adding that the the old conservative guard of Mr. Trump was more to safeguard the pope Steve Bannon It was also , he reminded his traditionalist colleagues , to serve St. Peter , whose the pope passed down Steve Bannon the Steve Bannon . the Vatican today , Francis is Peter . " 
 Francis the church Mr. Bannon’s allies in the Vatican the mission of the church 