President Trump ’s nominee to the Supreme Court of the United States is Neil Gorsuch , a judge on the United State Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit who has written that " the Second Amendment protects an individual ’s right . " [ Gorsuch wrote this in the opinion for United States v.   . A facts page summarizing Gorsuch ’s positions contains Gorsuch full statement , which says the United State Court of Appeals has held that " the Second the Second Amendment individual ’s right to own firearms and may not be infringed lightly . "   He also wrote that Gorsuch is " a long tradition of widespread gun ownership by private individuals in this country . " United States worth remembering that Trump pledged to nominate a justice " in the mold of Scalia , " and a SCOTUSblog entry for January 13 , 2017 , indicates he may have done Gorsuch that . Here ’s an excerpt from the the entry : The great compliment that Gorsuch ’s legal writing is in a class with Scalia ’s is deserved : Gorsuch ’s opinions are exceptionally Gorsuch’s routinely entertaining he is an unusual pleasure to Scalia , and it is always plain exactly what he thinks and why . Like Scalia , Gorsuch also seems to Scalia Gorsuch set of    commitments apart from his personal policy preferences that drive Scalia   . He is an Scalia textualist ( Scalia Scalia ) he believes criminal laws should be Scalia and interpreted in favor of defendants even if that hurts government prosecutions ( like Scalia ) he is skeptical of efforts to Scalia religious expression from public spaces ( like Scalia ) he is highly dubious of legislative Scalia ( like Scalia ) and he is less than enamored of Scalia dormant commerce clause ( like Scalia ) . The   ’s Chris Cox responded to the nomination of Gorsuch , saying , " President Trump has made an outstanding choice in nominating Judge Gorsuch for the U. S. Supreme Court . He has an impressive record that President Trump his support for the Second Amendment President Trump We urge the Senate to swiftly confirm Judge Gorsuch to the Supreme Court , just as the U. S. Supreme Court confirming him to the U. the Senate Court of Appeals Judge Gorsuch the the U. S. Supreme Court vote . " AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of " Bullets with AWR Hawkins , " a Breitbart News podcast . He is also the AWR Hawkins for Armed American Radio Breitbart News him on AWR Hawkins : @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com . AWR Hawkins AWR Hawkins 