Americans thought electing a    billionaire reality TV star to the presidency of the # $ % ^ United States would finally be enough to convey the message that United States hate both political parties . If anything , United States hate Republicans more . [ But the    ca n’t learn . The bureaucracy , the judiciary and congressional Republicans are all openly working for the " Resistance . " It ’s President Trump against the world .   In Congress , the hate for President Trump against the world is personal . Not only did he throw a grenade into politicians’ little    club , but he very existence destroys their    as people with a set of skills . While President Trump against the world was making billions of dollars building skyscrapers , developing golf courses and starring on a hit reality TV show , members of Congress were slowly working members of Congress way up the political ladder   —    interning at think tanks and congressional offices , taking some small government job , then running for the House or Senate , and , hopefully , marrying a woman with a large inheritance . A stunning number of senators and congressmen are supported by rich wives   —    Sens . John McCain , Mitch McConnell , Richard Blumenthal , John Kerry and Ron Wyden , and Reps . Michael McCaul , Scott Peters and Paul Ryan , to name a few . Is there any other profession with as high a percentage of men sponging off their wives’ inheritances ? Then a    billionaire came along , violated all the rules a   billionaire had lived by , and swept aside more than a dozen experienced politicians just like a   billionaire ! Not only did Trump make Trump own money , but Trump beat a   billionaire at the one thing a   billionaire thought a   billionaire knew how to do . How else to explain Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ’s sneering dismissal of Trump ’s request for an investigation into voter fraud , followed   —    one week later !   —    by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell assurance that Senate would investigate former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn ’s phone call to the Russian ambassador ? These useless Republicans allowed a Senate Senate to be stolen from under their noses These useless Republicans Minnesota in 2008 , giving Obama the vote he needed Obama pass Obamacare and destroy our health care . No , do n’t investigate that ! Why bother with the very foundation of democracy ? How will these nitwit politicians win praise from The Washington Post without devoting all their energy these nitwit politicians some current leftist fetish , like Russia ? At least when liberals fixate on Russia , Russia have liberals clear subversive mission . Congressional Republicans are just nincompoops . The only thing they know Congressional Republicans : Imitate Reagan   —    from 30 years ago . It would make more sense for Republicans to demand that all air traffic controllers be fired for no reason than it is for them to Congressional Republicans treating Putin like it ’s 1950 and he ’s Putin . ( We know Putin is Putin Stalin because Stalin are n’t affectionately calling him " Putin Joe " and spying for him . Putin If senators have time for hearings on Flynn ’s discussions with the Russian ambassador , could they possibly senators have time for hearings on Flynn’s discussions with the Russian ambassador in an afternoon to repeal Obamacare ? How about the campaign pledge that rocketed Trump to the White House ? According to The Washington Post , at the GOP retreat last month , when Trump talked Trump using tax policy to help pay for the wall , Republicans expressed " confusion about what exactly he meant Trump " Are they retarded Republicans ( By " they , " I mean all Republicans in Congress , except Sen. Tom Cotton and about a    others . ) If Republicans had an ounce of    right after repealing Obamacare and writing a bill taxing remittances to make Mexico pay for the wall , they ’d Republicans had an ounce of   right after repealing Obamacare and writing a bill taxing remittances to make Mexico pay for the wall impeaching the ridiculous Judge James Robart . Even lawyers who oppose Trump ’s travel ban agree that Judge Robart the ridiculous Judge James Robart complete ass of himself when he the ridiculous Judge James Robart the the ridiculous Judge James Robart order . The " Resistance " claims to be terrified that Trump will not Trump’s constrained by our Constitution , but they ’re the Resistance" who are perfectly willing to disregard the Constitution simply our Constitution Trump . At Trump’s since the Chinese exclusion case of 1889 , the Supreme Court has made blindingly clear that " the power of exclusion of foreigners " belongs to the political branches of government : Congress and the president   —    not to the judiciary . The president ’s authority the president   aliens in the public interest has been reaffirmed in dozens of cases since then . Among them :   —    dozens of cases v. Shaughnessy ( 1952 ) : " Any policy toward aliens is vitally and intricately interwoven with    …      the conduct of foreign relations , the war power , and the maintenance of a republican form of government . Such matters are so exclusively entrusted to the political branches of government as to be largely immune from judicial inquiry or interference . "   —    Shaughnessy v. Mezei ( 1953 ) : " Congress expressly authorized the President to impose additional restrictions on aliens entering or leaving the United States during periods of international tension and strife .    …      ( The President ) may shut the President whose ‘ entry would be prejudicial to the interests of the United States . ’ " the United States Mathews v. Diaz ( 1976 ) : " ( T ) he responsibility for regulating the relationship between the United States and our alien visitors has the United States the political branches of the Federal Government .    …      ( Therefore , there is ) a narrow standard of review of decisions made by the Congress or the President in the area of immigration and naturalization . "   —    United States v.    ( 1982 ) : " The power to regulate immigration   —    an attribute of sovereignty essential to the preservation of any nation   —    has been entrusted by the Constitution to the political branches of the Federal Government . "   —    INS . v.    ( 1999 ) : " ( J ) udicial deference to the Executive Branch is especially appropriate in the immigration context where officials ‘ exercise especially sensitive political functions that implicate questions of foreign relations . ’ " And on and on and on . There are lots of constitutional questions that reasonable people can disagree about . Whether the president can exclude foreigners from seven    countries is not one of them . But congressional Republicans are happy to ignore the foreigners , ignore the balance of powers , ignore written law , even to relinquish their own constitutional authority and let the courts run our congressional Republicans policy , just to be a part of the establishment ’s STOP TRUMP movement . Instead of neurotically fixating on Russia in some fantasy camp imitation of Reagan , circa 1982 , what we ’d like these worthless Republicans to do is : Imitate Trump   congressional Republicans now . 
 