The following is an open letter from conservative radio and television host Mark Levin to CNN host Brian Stelter , in response to Stelter ’s article Monday at CNN . com , " Birth of a conspiracy theory : How Trump ’s wiretap claim got started . " [ Did you listen to my show on Thursday , before President Trump tweeted ? Did you watch my appearance on Fox and Friends Sunday morning ? I know you are ticked I did not appear on my show , despite your numerous requests . Your ad hominem attacks about " right wing " radio host and conspiracy theory stuff    …      incredible .   I simply put together the stories that YOUR profession reported , on the public record . Do you deny there were two FISA applications ? Do you deny the first was turned down ? Do you deny the second was approved ? It the second called the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court . It the second about surveillance . The fact that we can not discern all the details because of the secrecy , except for what the media have revealed and selective leaks by the government , should cause you to want to know more , not to trash those who point it out . And yes , we can make several logical implications based on events and experience . A FISA application is a big deal . One , or two in this case , that involve campaign surrogates , or a server or computer related to a candidate or campaign , etc . is a big deal . President Obama ’s statement is not a definitive statement of anything , other than he President Obama personally , did not order a wiretap , which I never claimed . But that does not mean he President Obama unaware of surveillance activity by several of his President Obama , even through routine reports to the president , such as the Daily Intel Briefing or information conveyed to him President Obama his President Obama via the Justice Department re the FBI    activities . As for Clapper , despite his Clapper dissembling before Congress , he Clapper not have been aware of what was taking place since the the FBI    reportedly sought the warrant . The Daily Intel Briefing might provide useful information in that regard as well . Of course , the release of the FISA applications would also shed a lot of light on events , assuming YOU believe reports that they were filed . Furthermore , Clapper has said , as recently as yesterday , that no connections between the Russians and the Trump campaign have been found . I am extremely critical of Russia , Putin , and the efforts to influence our election , although I do not believe they succeeded . Russia, Putin, and the efforts to influence our election said , how would Clapper know of no connections if he , as former Director of National Intelligence , did n’t look ? On what is that based ? Your lack of curiosity and dishonesty about such matters and in dealing with me demean you and your profession . You are free to circulate this communication to whomever you wish , as I am making it public . this communication 