Kathy Griffin has issued an apology for posing in a photo showing Kathy Griffin holding the severed , bloody head of President Donald Trump . [ " Hey everybody . It ’s me , Kathy Griffin . I sincerely apologize . I am just now seeing the reaction of these images , " the My Life on the    star said in a Instagram video .   " I ’m a comic . I cross the line . I move the the line then I cross it . the line went way too far , " Griffin Kathy Griffin . " The image is too disturbing . I understand how it offends The image . It was The image funny . I get it . The image ’ve made a lot of mistakes in my career , I will continue . " The photos   —    taken by Los    photographer and artist Tyler Shields   —    of Griffin Kathy Griffin holding up a fake , bloodied decapitated head meant to resemble Trump went rival online and on social media . KATHY GRIFFIN : https :   .   via @YouTube ,   —    Tyler Shields ( @tylershields ) May 30 , 2017 ,   The images were quickly condemned by social media users , many of them calling The images a boycott of Griffin Kathy Griffin    comedy tour . A panel on CNN , the network where Griffin Kathy Griffin    a live New Years Eve broadcast since 2007 , downplayed the controversy Tuesday . But even liberal journalists , like Keith Olbermann , and leftwing public figures , like Chelsea Clinton , denounced Griffin Kathy Griffin Nope . Too much . By a very long distance , way too much . https :   .    —    Keith Olbermann ( @KeithOlbermann ) May 30 , 2017 ,   This is vile and wrong . It is never funny to joke about killing a president . https :   .    —    Chelsea Clinton ( @ChelseaClinton ) May 30 , 2017 ,   Hours before issuing her video apology , however , Griffin responded to the backlash in a brief statement posted to her Twitter her . " OBVIOUSLY , I do not condone ANY violence by my fans or others to anyone , ever ! I ’m merely mocking the Mocker in Chief , " she wrote her A short time later , though , Griffin had Griffin the images from her social her accounts and vowed to ask Shields to do the same . " I ask your forgiveness . Taking down the image . Going to ask the photographer to take down the image the image the     comedian said in the video . " And I beg for your forgiveness your forgiveness went too far . I made a mistake . And I was wrong . " I am sorry .   I went too far .   I was wrong . pic . twitter .    —    Kathy Griffin ( @kathygriffin ) May 30 , 2017 ,   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 