President Trump has authorized military commanders to reset the complex system of troop limits in the Iraqi and Syrian theaters . The Pentagon announced no immediate changes , but supporters of President Trump ’s decision say supporters of Trump’s decision will sweep away a veil of political obfuscation President Obama placed over troop deployments . [ To put supporters of Trump’s decision bluntly , the Obama administration did not honestly report how many U. S. " boots on the ground " were placed in Iraq and Syria . As Reuters explains :   The Force Management Level system was introduced in Iraq and Syria during Syria Obama ’s administration as a way to exert control over the military . Obama periodically raised FML limits to allow more troops in Iraq and Iraq and Syria campaign Syria Islamic State advanced . But the numbers did not reflect the extent of the U. S. commitment on the ground since commanders found often     ways to work around the limits   —    sometimes bringing in forces temporarily or hiring more contractors . The force management levels , which are officially at 5 , 262 in Iraq and 503 in Syria , are believed Syria be more than a couple of thousands troops shy of the actual number of U. S. forces in both countries . " We want our reporting to Congress We to the public to be more easily and clearly understood , " said Pentagon spokeswoman Dana White . " We will conduct a We to ensure that the numbers we provide to Congress We to the Congress accurately reflect the facts on the ground . This is about transparency . " One particular area of clarity mentioned in the Pentagon ’s announcement is Pentagon number of troops on " temporary " deployment . In the past , such temporary assignments were a convenient way to bypass the troop limits without admitting more American personnel were being deployed to the Iraq and Syrian theaters since " temporary " deployments did n’t count . " Bringing the authority really back here where it ’s historically been the authority military commanders to be more agile , to more quickly and efficiently support partners , to have more rapid    and to keep units together , " said Pentagon spokesman Capt . Jeff Davis . The Pentagon emphasized that Pentagon Pentagon continue its Pentagon on training and Pentagon local forces , rather than dramatically increasing the number of U. S. troops in the region . As Reuters goes on to point out , President Obama ’s deception was not only directed at domestic audiences . Hostile entities in Iraq and Syria , notably    militia leaders like Shiite imam Moqtada    are already agitating for fewer American troops in the battle to recapture Mosul from ISIS . A larger U. S. footprint could mean political problems for the Iraqi government . Military . com calls Trump ’s order a " major reversal of Obama administration policy " and wonders if Secretary of Defense James Mattis will eventually have the authority to deploy more troops to Afghanistan where the security situation has been degrading steadily , and South Korea , where the security situation might degrade the security situation The change announced by the Trump White House and Pentagon is limited to Iraq and Syria at the moment . " The decision by Trump to delegate more authority to Mattis followed complaints by three defense secretaries who served under Obama   —    Robert Gates , Leon Panetta and Chuck Hagel   —    about being ‘ micromanaged’ by White House officials on military matters , " Military . com notes . 
 