A New York Democrat in Congress has filed a bill that would forbid immigration officers from wearing clothing that says " POLICE . " Officials with U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) urge that it " may be a matter of    " for Officials with U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) to do so . [ In law enforcement , often a risky occupation , being able to immediately ID yourself as law enforcement may be a matter of     pic . twitter .    —    ICE ( @ICEgov ) April 7 , 2017 , 2 ,   ICE agents and officers may initially identify officers as " police " in an encounter because it is the universally known term for law enforcement , officers say . ICE agents   officers may initially ID ICE agents  officers as " police " in an encounter because it is the universally known term for law enforcement pic . twitter .    —    ICE ( @ICEgov ) April 7 , 2017 ,   Moreover , these agents and officers are sworn law enforcement personnel who enforce the laws in our country . ICE agents and officers are sworn law enforcement personnel who enforce our nation ’s laws pic . twitter .    —    ICE ( @ICEgov ) April 7 , 2017 ,   If she could have she way , U. S. Representative Nydia Velazquez ( ) would change that . she introduced a bill Thursday that would amend the Immigration and Nationality Act ( INA ) to prohibit immigration officers and agents from wearing clothing with the word " police " on it . According to the Los Angeles Times , officials and open borders advocates in the California city are leading an effort to halt the practice of ICE officials quickly identifying officials and open borders advocates in the California city as police . The mayor of LA , Eric Garcetti , City Attorney Mike Feuer , and City Council President Herb Wesson penned a letter to the directors of ICE and the ICE Enforcement and Removal Operations Division " to urge in the strongest possible terms that ICE immediately cease this practice in City . " The officials sent a copy of the letter to U. S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly . The Times reported that the The officials the    justification that " the city ’s immigrant communities are living in heightened fear of deportation and detention , and that such practices only discourage people from reporting crimes . " These city The officials contend that the practice is illegal . Rep. Velazquez calls the practice " completely the practice " and the bill would apply to agents and officers with U. S. Customs and Border Protection : When ICE agents identify as " police " our communities are compromised   afraid . It is completely unconscionable : https :   .    —    Rep. Nydia Velazquez ( @NydiaVelazquez ) April 7 , 2017 ,   The congresswoman told The Washington Post , " It could trick families into opening their doors to agents from families without a warrant . " " There ’s not going to be a lot of trust between the police and the communities , " she added . She also The congresswoman that " The congresswoman crimes and hate rhetoric have increased since Donald Trump made it to the White House " and counters   —    " You did n’t see that when Obama was in the White House . " the White House that officials in the sanctuary city of Hartford , Connecticut , have also jumped on board to prohibit ICE officers and agents from identifying themselves as law enforcement . The police officials in the sanctuary city of Hartford, Connecticut, have also jumped on board to prohibit ICE officers and agents from identifying themselves as law enforcement from Hartford issued a statement that said , Hartford ICE agents should not identify as local police as it is misleading and can damage the important relationship with local communities . " Harford Mayor Luke Bronin said , " our police and other public safety officers need to foster a relationship of trust with all our residents . " He argues , " Our police officers Harford Mayor Luke Bronin worked hard to build that trust , and for ICE agents trust with all our residents themselves as local police will undermine the hard Our police officers our department has done . " Mayor Bronin contends " We follow all state and federal laws , and we will partner with anyone to help get We criminals off the streets . But federal agents should not be creating the impression that they are local police . " News8 in federal agents reports that Hartford sees itself as a " sanctuary city " and Hartford the local police or city agencies from collecting " immigration information . " The Immigrant Defense Project and the Educational Alliance support Velazquez’ bill . The Times also reported that the Council on    Relations ( CAIR ) Service Employees International Union , Chinese Chamber of Commerce and the Central American Legal Assistance all champion the bill . Reps . Luis V. Gutierrez ( ) and Juan Vargas ( ) and other Democrats in Congress have also endorsed the bill , it reports . Breitbart News the bill officials detained the bill in    when he refused to leave a meeting in the Chicago Breitbart News of U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement . Gutierrez was leading a    with illegal aliens who Gutierrez demanding information on specific deportation cases . Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas Gutierrez . Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Texas . 
 Gutierrez 