A mural painted on state property near San Diego —   depicting an ICE Agent strangling a Mexican worker as a Mexican worker sends money home —   is stirring up a new controversy , according to a San Diego Union Tribune news story . [ The new mural is located on the south support pillar under Coronado Bridge at the Interstate 5 underpass in what is now called , " Chicano Park . "   The location of Chicano Park was scheduled to become a new CHP substation in the early 1970 ’s , but protestors from the " Barrio Logan " community staved off the plan , facing off against the state —   seizing the land for " chicanos " and demanding that a park be constructed to showcase chicano art . The mural —   painted by Salvador " Sal " Barajas —   one of the artists who painted the first " Historical Mural " in the park in 1973 that highlights key figures and history of the Chicano movement , was commissioned by a border activist group known as Border Angels . Border Angel ’s founder , Enrigue Morones has been trying to raise the $ 10 , 000 for nearly a decade —   but credits Trumps election with the new enthusiasm . Morones Enrigue Morones to NBC 7 —   a local NBC NBC out of San Diego : " Since November 8 things have changed   …     People are outraged , more volunteers , more funds . " He Enrigue Morones , " We ’re totally opposed to the wall    …      We know that the the wall    people . " Not everyone is happy about the new mural .   Some San San Diego residents are outraged —   calling the mural ‘ the new mural ‘ .’ Suellen Shea of Vista , who took issue with some of the imagery Barajas used , told the   :   " The artist has talent , but , in my opinion , much of it is offensive and The artist especially the ICE agent choking the migrant worker , " Shea reportedly said via Suellen Shea . " American Citizens want safety   sovereignty ( enforced borders ) for our country . Nothing strange or racist about that   —    Mexico does too . " Mural painter Barajas thinks the graphic violence depicted is justified , according to the the Los Angeles Times :   " One hand represents U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , which is responsible for deporting people from the U. S. [ and t]he other hand represents Mexican government officials , whose corruption makes it necessary for Mexicans whose corruption migrate for work . " Barajas admits that the " text ‘ No Border Wall’ was one of the last things added to the piece , " and is likely what inspired    donors to put up the money to denounce the looming border wall . San Diego has become the locus of the fight over President Trump ’s wall over the past few months —   as prototypes will soon be constructed nearby in order to meet DHS ’s June 1st target date .   Organized protests and violent resistance is expected by the agency —   DHS are required to provide adequate security as part of their bids . A number Organized protests and violent resistance Californians have taken to social media to make their opposition known reports the A number of Californians Times .    " San Diego has many parks , " wrote Carol Hamilton , of Imperial Beach . " Only one is splattered with garish posters and    slurs   —    Chicano Park . A national shrine ? I do n’t think so . It ’s time to whitewash it and use it as It park and It for politics . " Chicano Park is not under   Chicano Park of the city or county of San Diego —   the land on which it stands is part of a   Chicano Park easement controlled by CalTrans , who reportedly could revoke the right for any mural to be on California state property . Tim Donnelly is a former California State Assemblyman and author who is doing a book tour for his new book : Patriot Not Tim Donnelly : Win or Go Homeless . He ran for governor in 2014 Tim Donnelly FaceBook : https :   . facebook . . donnelly .   Twitter :   @PatriotNotPol 
 