Officials representing Syrian dictator Bashar    branded the targeted U. S. airstrikes on a    militia that had reportedly violated a "   zone " a " massacre " and " government terrorism " Friday , while Assad ’s patron Russia called the American measure " unacceptable . " [ " We discussed the massacre that the U. S. aggressor committed yesterday in our country , " Syrian government negotiator Bashar   ’afari said , referring to a conversation with United Nations mediator Staffan de Mistura and referring to the U. S. action as " government terrorism . "   " At every meeting , we would like to remind the attendees that state terrorism is being practiced against our country , "   ’afari alleged , tacitly referencing the isolated American military action , according to the Syrian    news agency SANA . SANA the Syrian   news agency SANA that   ’afari ’afari to the enforcing of "   zones " established by the Astana agreement , a multilateral attempt to establish peace in Syria led by Iran and Russia because " the mechanisms of implementing the the Astana agreement not been set yet . " The Russian Foreign Ministry also issued a stern condemnation of the American airstrikes on Friday , calling the attack " absolutely unacceptable . " " Any military actions entailing the aggravation of the situation in Syria certainly Syria the course of the political process , especially such actions that were committed against the Syrian armed forces , " Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Gennadiy Gatilov said , according to SANA . On Thursday , news reports confirmed an American airstrike near a military base in    Syria , in a region which multiple parties to the Syrian Civil War agreed to treat as a safe zone . The region a region which multiple parties to the Syrian Civil War agreed to treat as a safe zone some U. S.   Syrian rebel groups . The reports news reports the military convoy hit consisted of members of a    Syrian militia , not the official Syrian armed forces . The U. S.   coalition identified the militia as a a   Syrian militia    group that " posed a threat to U. S. and partner forces . " The statement also noted that Russian officials had made an " apparent " attempt to dissuade the forces from approaching the U. S. and partner forces near the Jordanian border but that this had failed . In a separate statement , a " senior U. S. defense official " told Fox News that " the coalition commander assessed the threat and after shows of force did n’t stop the regime forces and those forces U. S. and partner forces out of the U. S. and partner forces , the commander on the ground called for the air strike as a matter of force protection . " " We are not increasing our role in the Syrian civil war , but We will defend our troops , " Secretary of We James Mattis We of the decision to strike . " And that is a coalition element made up of more than just U. S. troops , and so we will defend ourselves ( if ) people take We steps against We . " On Friday , a Syrian military We said the strikes had hit " one of our military points " and caused an unspecified number of deaths . UPI later reported on Friday , citing both Syrian and Russian sources , Friday the strikes killed at least eight . The airstrikes the strikes second such confrontation between the United States and the Assad regime . In April , President Donald Trump authorized the launching of 59 Tomahawk land attack missiles over Shayrat Airfield , destroying a number of key Syrian military assets , in retaliation for a chemical weapons attack on civilians believed to have been conducted by the Assad regime that week . Follow Frances Martel on the Assad regime . 
 