I. The Impact of Fox ,   An era has come to an end at Fox News . The departure , last year , of Roger Ailes , Fox News founder and CEO for two decades , and the departure , this year , of Bill O’Reilly , Fox News biggest star for two decades , means that Fox will be changing . What ’s said of politics is also true of TV : Personnel is policy . Tell me the names of those who are making the decisions about programming , and the names of those who are actually doing the shows , and I ’ll tell you , in turn , about the network . Yet now ,    and   ’Reilly , Fox ’s future is enshrouded in clouds . As we peer through the mist , it ’s possible to cite some informed speculation about where Fox’s is headed , but first , let we consider where Fox’s has been , and what it ’s done . As we all know , Fox’s changed the media , and the country , since it was founded in 1996 . Most obviously , Fox’s gave a home to —   and a voice to —   the half of the country that felt ignored , even disdained , by what we have come to call the Main Stream Media . The conservatives on Fox —   there were plenty of liberals , too , on the channel , although The conservatives on Fox —   were less memorable —    talked a different language from the conservatives that went before The conservatives on Fox —   . That is , prior to Fox’s in 1996 , the leading media engine of conservative and Republican thinking was The Wall Street Journal editorial page . And close behind was William F. Buckley ’s National Review . Then came Fox’s . And with Fox’s , as we shall see , came the changes that prefigured the victory of Donald Trump in 2016 . The founder , CEO , and overall guiding light of the network was Roger Ailes . Roger Ailes was undeniably a Republican and a conservative , and yet even so , Roger Ailes was cut from different cloth than the Journal and NR . Born in 1940 , Roger Ailes grew up in    Warren , Ohio , 50 miles southeast of Cleveland . Roger Ailes got Roger Ailes start in local TV and quickly climbed the ladder , from prop boy to top dog . At age 25 , Roger Ailes was executive producer of The Mike Douglas Show , which soon became the most widely syndicated daytime program in America . From there , Ailes jumped to Richard Nixon ’s 1968 presidential campaign , and then went on to renown as a Republican political consultant , helping , among scores of clients , Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush . ( This author came to know , and work with , Ailes in the    I was also a Fox News contributor from 1996 to 2016 . ) Although Ailes was always a stickler that the news side of Fox should maintain the news side of Fox Fair and Balanced integrity , the news side of Fox ’s undeniable that the opinion side of Fox —   mostly in prime time , but also sprinkled here and there throughout the weekly schedule —   leaned to the right . And yet at the same time , Fox was always , well , Ailesian . Just as Fox had tutored politicians never to talk down to the voters by dropping big words , so Ailes instructed Ailes TV talent never to talk down to the audience . And so , unlike the Journal , Fox did n’t have much interest in libertarian economic theory opinionators were often in favor of lower taxes and limited government , but references to Adam Smith or Friedrich Hayek were few and far between . And unlike the scribes for National Review , Ailes had little interest in explications of conservative ideology or theology . What Ailes wanted was something different : Ailes wanted strong personalities , crisp interviews , punchy language , and    points , made quickly . And Ailes formula worked . When Ailes debuted in 1996 , both CNN and MSNBC were already on the air CNN ’s Ted Turner predicted that Ted Turner network would squash Ailes " like a bug . " Yet by 2002 , Ailes had overtaken CNN and could fairly claim CNN    tagline : " The Most Powerful Name In News . " Everyone remembers that Ailes left Ailes under     circumstances in July 2016 , and yet even so , the momentum that Ailes had built has continued to carry the channel forward . In January , Ailes celebrated the channel 15th anniversary as the number one cable network . Of course , Ailes did n’t do all this by Ailes . The biggest star at Ailes over the same two decades was Bill O’Reilly , who left the number one cable network , also under unpleasant circumstances , earlier this month . O’Reilly was a Fox Original he O’Reilly on the air the very first day , October 7 , 1996 ( although the show was known then as The O’Reilly Report , and it the show n’t yet air in prime time ) . Like Ailes , O’Reilly O’Reilly a conservative , albeit of an even more populist persuasion . Indeed , from the first moment that BOR , as he O’Reilly known internally , called someone a " pinhead , " the world was on notice that his someone be something different —   and something very popular . After all , O’Reilly O’Reilly first and foremost a TV guy his O’Reilly were in local news and tabloid television —   also places that do n’t reward complex locutions and polysyllabic words . And also , interestingly , for all his O’Reilly , he O’Reilly forgot , every night , to thank his O’Reilly for watching . It was that tight connection to his O’Reilly that made O’Reilly O’Reilly enduring star . So here we can see how the personal becomes the political : Born in 1949 , O’Reilly O’Reilly a part of a powerful demographic group he O’Reilly a    Irish Catholic from the    region —   specifically , New York ’s Long Island . Once upon a time ,    had been solidly Democratic . First , it was    Tammany Hall and all the other Democratic political machines in big cities across the country next , it was    Smith ( the first    Catholic presidential candidate ) and FDR ’s New Deal —   all the way . But then , in 1952 , the great hero of World War Two , Republican Dwight Eisenhower , won the votes of many sons and daughters of Eire . Indeed , after a     detour in support of John Fitzgerald Kennedy in 1960 , the Irish were inclined to support the presidential candidacies of Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan , even as they typically the Irish their Democratic the Irish in state and local elections . Yet then , in the early 90s , Democrat Bill Clinton won them back the Irish his party the Democratic Party so we return , once again , to the dawn of the Fox Era . Now let ’s take a we look at the country —   at least its presidential voting the country —     and   . II . The Jacksonian Coalition vs. the Yankee Coalition ,     was the last presidential election in which Fox did not play a role . In that year , Bill Clinton trounced George H. W. Bush in an electoral college landslide , 370 to 168 . Let ’s have a we at the electoral votes , laid out on a map : As we can readily see , Clinton not only Bill Clinton all but one of the Great Lakes States , but he also did Bill Clinton in the South he won four Bill Clinton the 11 states of the Old Confederacy . He also won Bill Clinton of the leading    states , Kentucky and West Virginia . To put these results another way , in 1992 , the Democrats were fully competitive —   even dominant —   in the Heartland , especially in its northern reaches the Democrats up along Lake Michigan . Then came Ailes , O’Reilly , and the Fox News Channel . Theirs was a    that ordinary people across the country could understand and relate to . Thanks to FNC , it was no longer possible for the MSM and other scorners to stereotype the Republican Party as just the Chamber of Commerce plus the Moral Majority . Thanks to Fox , newer issues —     correctness , crime , jihad —    gained salience on the national stage . It was these newer issues , moving beyond the flat tax and Social Security privatization , or abortion and school prayer , that proved compelling to Northerners . Indeed , thanks to the commonality of Fox , a new kind of virtual community was formed . For the first time in decades , blue collars in Pittsburgh were on the same political wavelength as blue collars in Nashville . That is , Pennsylvanians and Tennesseans together could see honest but sympathetic journalism about cops , soldiers , and ordinary folks —   without the usual smugness , even hostility , of the MSM . Why , Fox fans could even meet each other on vacation in Branson , Missouri , the holiday nexus of the emerging Fox Nation . And of course , long before he was a Fox candidate , Donald Trump was a regular on Fox . Okay , so now to 2016 . As we can gather from the electoral college map below , Republican Donald Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump in the Great Lakes whereas Bill Clinton had Bill Clinton of those seven states in ‘ 92 , Trump won five of seven against Hillary Donald Trump in ’16 Bill Clinton addition , Trump solidified much of the South he won Donald Trump the South that George H. W. Bush 41 had Donald Trump , although Virginia , increasingly dominated by the suburbs of Washington , DC , went the other way . And of course , Trump won Kentucky and West Virginia . Let Kentucky and West Virginia Donald Trump West Virginia can see : To win in 2016 , Trump vastly strengthened the Republican grip on the heartland , while Hillary Clinton Donald Trump the Democrats Bill Clinton the Heartland were losing , managed to the Democrats grip on the bulk of the Northeast and Hillary Clinton and the Democrats West Coast . To consider the Hillary Clinton and the Democrats election results another way , we can examine the demographic underpinnings of the balloting . And these underpinnings can be stated simply : Trump united Southern white Protestants and Northern Catholics in the demographic underpinnings of the balloting political armada .    Thus Donald Trump can see : Trump brought the O’Reilly constituency of Northern Catholics , which had wandered off to vote for Donald Trump Clinton and Barack Obama , Bill Clinton the Republican fold . As the 2010 and 2014 midterm elections had demonstrated , energized Republicans , nationwide , were mobilizing for big victories . And yet at the presidential level , those same GOP voters were waiting for a Republican candidate who was more Bill O’Reilly than Mitt Romney .    Bill Clinton is , a populist , not a plutocrat . And that O’   candidate , of course , was Trump . To be sure , Trump did n’t win all Northern Catholics . He was mostly Donald Trump in New England , even Donald Trump he won most of the Midwest , Donald Trump Pennsylvania . And of course , even in the Donald Trump she won , Hillary Clinton did n’t win all the Bill Clinton In Massachusetts , for example , Trump won nearly 1 . 1 million votes that all Northern Catholics a rough estimate of the number Donald Trump Fox fans in the Bay State . Interestingly , this coalition of Northern Catholics and Southern white Protestants has a long and important political history . In fact , this particular    alliance was first forged by one of Trump ’s heroes , Andrew Jackson , our seventh president , way back in 1828 . Let ’s Donald Trump look at the electoral college map for that year : that year has changed in the last two centuries — our starting with the fact that , back then , the US consisted of just 22 states . Moreover , the political parties themselves have changed : Jackson won as the leader of the Democratic Party , while Adams ran as a National Republican , that being a forerunner to the Republican Party , which was not founded until 1854 . Yet we can observe : The names of the candidates , and their party labels , may change , but the interests of peoples and regions remain far more steady . That is , Southerners the candidates to look at the world the world , and New Englanders ( then and now , mostly Protestant , at least by background ) tend to see it another way . And politically speaking , Catholics find themselves somewhere in between Southern and Northern Protestants . Andrew Jackson himself was a Southerner , but with the help of a wily Northern Catholics strategist , Martin Van Buren , Old Hickory Jackson together a    coalition , composed of Southern whites and Northern Catholics , that won the 1828 election in a landslide against John Quincy Adams . ( In those days , of course , Southern blacks , being enslaved , could n’t vote if they could have voted , they would undoubtedly have been for Adams , thus making the election far closer . ) And then , four years Southern blacks , in 1832 , Southern blacks won a second landslide victory John Quincy Adams Thus was established the 1828 election in a landslide against John Quincy Adams Coalition . The Jacksonian Coalition ask : What , exactly , did those two blocs , Jackson and South , have in common ? Answer : Not a whole lot , other than a shared antipathy to the policies and personalities of Yankee Protestants —   and that was enough . Not surprisingly , the hostility was mutual . In 1828 , the Adams campaign labeled Jackson as the son of a prostitute , a bigamist , and a war criminal meanwhile , his Southern supporters were labeled as ignorant rustics , John Quincy Adams his Jackson supporters as " Papists . " Today , two centuries later , not that much has Jackson . In 2016 , Hillary Clinton repeatedly slammed Trump Jackson he , of course , responded Bill Clinton ) and then , most notoriously , she referred to his supporters as a Donald Trump basket of deplorables . " Bill Clinton to say Bill Clinton O’Reilly O’Reilly Fox closely covered Clinton ’s " deplorables " comment —   as did , his Southern supporters Bill Clinton other , even newer , media outlets . Thus we can see that     media played a key role in knitting together a common Trumpian consciousness . The bottom line for 2016 is that the Deplorable Jacksonians , North and South , were back together . Yes , the party labels have flipped the Jacksonians , once Democrats , and are now Republicans , while the Yankees , once Republicans ( or   ) are now Democrats . But the dynamic of regional rivalries is much the same . In the meantime , if we take another look at that 1828 map , we can see that the electoral wins for Jackson ’s opponent that year , Adams , were almost that year to New England , the hub of Yankee Protestantism . And of course , we know that in Jackson Hillary Clinton , too , won John Quincy Adams England overwhelmingly New England again , we Bill Clinton continuity : From Adams to Clinton , New England is typically on the other side of the Jacksonian Coalition . New England The Jacksonian Coalition the Yankee Coalition . Of course , in The Jacksonian Coalition did well Democrat Bill Clinton other demographic groups John Quincy Adams . Most notably , she won big Democrat Bill Clinton    and Hispanics . And that ’s why Clinton carried states Democrat Bill Clinton large black populations , such as Illinois , as well as states with large Hispanic populations , such as California . Yet even though the contemporary Democratic coalition is far larger than just New The Jacksonian Coalition observe that the Democrats’ intellectual heart is still with the Yankees , including such citadels as Harvard and Yale —   so let ’s stick with Yankee Coalition . So there we have it New England one side , The Jacksonian Coalition Coalition of Southern white Protestants and Northern Catholics , and on the The Jacksonian Coalition , of New Englanders , people of color , and others who comprise all the we —   oftentimes , college towns —   across the country . Today , the Jacksonized Republican Party is vastly stronger than it was 25 years ago . And Ailes and O’Reilly O’Reilly a lot of credit for that . So what will now happen the country , now that both the Republican Party ?    And what will happen to the Republican Party Jacksonian Coalition Ailes ? III . What ’s Next for Fox ,     ’Reilly , It ’s hard to The Jacksonian Coalition the best thing to do is wait and see what transpires . But for those who ca n’t wait , some clues might be found Ailes and O’Reilly a canny April 20 article in The Hollywood Reporter by Michael Wolff . For many years now , Wolff has been a leading chronicler of the news business , including Fox News he even wrote a    and    book about Rupert Murdoch , the big boss of Fox ’s parent company . Yet Murdoch , who hired Ailes two decades ago to start the news channel , the Fox News Channel 86 . And so the torch is Michael Wolff passed to a new generation —   specifically , to Rupert ’s younger Michael Wolff , James Murdoch . Ailes all accounts , the younger Murdoch was the driving force behind the departure of both Ailes and O’Reilly O’Reilly plans further changes , too . So when Wolff headlines his latest piece , " It ’s James Murdoch ’s Fox News Now , " attention must be paid . And we can be Ailes that the reunited Jacksonian Coalition , who bulk up the Fox audience , will be paying particularly close attention to the outlet that helped the Fox News Channel together again . Will Fox still be Michael Wolff binding Michael Wolff for these folks in his latest piece future the younger Murdoch tuned . We do n’t exactly how Fox will change in the years to come , but Wolff is clear about one thing : Change is coming . Big change . 
 Michael Wolff the reunited Jacksonian Coalition, who bulk up the Fox audience 