Harvard Law School emeritus professor , liberal Democrat , and noted defense lawyer Alan Dershowitz has penned an    in the Hill opposing the appointment of a special counsel to oversee the investigation into possible ties between President Donald Trump ’s 2016 presidential campaign and the Russian government . [ Dershowitz makes a    case against the special counsel . First , Dershowitz says , 2016 presidential campaign and the Russian government is not facing criminal accusations . Second , he says Dershowitz even if collusion were to be found between the President Donald Trump campaign and the Russian the Russian government if President Donald Trump were found to have divulged secrets to the Russian foreign minister , none of that would be illegal , and ought to be punished by voters , not prosecutors . Third , he argues , President Donald Trump Dershowitz to fire James Comey does not constitute obstruction of justice , and a special counsel could not impeach him anyway .   The James Comey legitimate targets of a special counsel , Dershowitz says , would be " those current and former intelligence officials who willfully leaked classified and highly secret information to the media " over the past several months . He concludes : So what Dershowitz the special prosecutor be doing ? The short answer is that we do n’t know and may never know , because he will be operating in Dershowitz . His most powerful weapon will Dershowitz the grand jury , which has the power to subpoena witnesses to be questioned without their lawyers behind closed doors witnesses It is a crime to disclose or leak grand jury testimony ( except in special situations ) . At the end of his super secret investigations , Dershowitz special counsel has essentially three options : he can issue indictments and Dershowitz the defendants , he can issue a statement Dershowitz no indictments are warranted and close down his investigation , or he Dershowitz issue a report Dershowitz If he were to issue a Dershowitz , it would be    and he were to issue a report on an investigation not geared towards knowing the whole truth , but rather to develop and present to the grand jury sufficient evidence to show probable cause that a crime may have been committed . The grand jury hears only the grand jury —    the prosecutor ’s . A report , based on no criminal investigation , is likely to be    and incomplete . Dershowitz writes that he would have preferred to see " Dershowitz    investigatory commission to uncover the whole truth " about Russia ’s role in the election . Read Dershowitz ’s entire    here . Joel Dershowitz Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " Joel B. Pollak influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of How Trump Joel B. Pollak : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 The Inside Story of a Revolution 