Former National Security Adviser and retired Lt . General Mike Flynn caused quite a stir by offering testimony to Congress and the FBI in exchange for immunity on Thursday . [ Many jumped to conclusions , often the same reporters who insisted requests for immunity by members of Hillary Clinton ’s inner circle were routine and entirely meaningless . Here are five things known with certainty about the Flynn case at this time :   Requests for immunity are not admissions of guilt . We should get that out of the way right up front since so many people who know better are getting it wrong . It is certainly fair to comment on immunity deals or talk about the impression they convey . The details of the immunity agreements for certain figures in the Clinton email scandal were downright bizarre , and arguably impeded the investigation , rather than enhancing the investigation . Clinton partisans argued that other immunity grants were routine and implied absolutely nothing untoward . One reason Flynn ’s immunity offer brought such a wave of innuendo in response is that Flynn said last year , while discussing the Clinton email scandal , " When you are given immunity , that means you have probably committed a crime . " Bringing his own words back to haunt him his irresistible for his his . Furthermore , President Trump said essentially the same thing about immunity deals when talking about Clinton . Bringing his President Trump back to haunt him President Trump absolutely irresistible for the media .   But no , as Business Insider points out in one the    posts about Flynn and Trump President Trump haunted by their Flynn and Trump , " a request for immunity does not amount to an admission of guilt , " and " a person granted immunity may still be criminally prosecuted for crimes revealed in the testimony as long as the activity is confirmed with independent evidence . " The difference here is that the media did n’t want to jump to conclusions about what any of those Clinton immunity deals meant . Flynn ’s attorney said he Flynn’s attorney immunity to escape a " highly politicized witch hunt environment . " The statement issued by Flynn Flynn’s Robert Kelner on Thursday explains why Flynn Flynn to testify in exchange for immunity . According to Kelner , Flynn’s attorney Robert Kelner Flynn certainly has a story to tell , and he Flynn much wants to tell it , should the circumstances permit . " After recounting the details of Flynn Flynn Flynn’s life of national service , " Kelner states the Flynn’s attorney Robert Kelner is " awash with unfounded allegations , outrageous claims of treason , and vicious innuendo directed against him . " treason He is now treason target of unsubstantiated public demands by Members of Congress and other political critics that he be criminally treason , " Kelner points out . " No reasonable person , who has the benefit of advice from counsel , would submit to questioning in such a highly politicized , witch hunt environment without assurances against unfair prosecution . " Flynn ’s most serious legal jeopardy may involve contacts with Turkey , not Russia . Flynn ’s offer Flynn about contacts with Russia , and his Russia as National Flynn Adviser ended because of a conversation he had with Russian Flynn Sergey Kislyak , but nothing illegal about that conversation has yet a conversation he had with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak . The more serious problem for Flynn could be his Flynn with the Flynn of Turkey .    CIA Director James Woolsey said last week that Flynn met with Turkish Flynn last summer to discuss Turkey ’s    extradition of Turkey cleric Fethullah Gulen , accused of masterminding the July coup attempt against President Recep Tayyip Erdogan .   Woolsey claims he walked into CIA Director James Woolsey middle CIA Director James Woolsey a conversation between Flynn and Turkish officials Flynn New York Turkish in which the idea of staging a covert operation " in the dead of night to whisk this guy away " was discussed . Woolsey has variously described this CIA Director James Woolsey as either " startling and illegal , " or " naive " and without " credibility . " Flynn has " registered Flynn the Justice Department as a foreign agent for $ 530 , 000 worth of lobbying work before Election Day that may have aided the Turkish government , " according to Fox News . The White House has said President Trump was not aware Flynn was working for Flynn Turks . Fortune describes the precise allegations Flynn may end up Flynn over Turkey : On March 7 , after being fired as National Security Adviser , Flynn belatedly filed a Flynn disclosure that revealed that , through his firm , Flynn Flynn Group , he had worked in Flynn on behalf of Inovo BV , a firm based in Netherlands and owned by a Turkish businessman with links to the Turkish government . Flynn ’s firm was Flynn 530 , 000 by Inovo . Flynn ’s FARA filing ( Flynn ) revealed that the September 19 meeting occurred and that Gülen was discussed . But the filing claims that Flynn ’s work was on behalf Flynn , not the Turkish government , and Inovo it concerned merely " the political climate in Turkey " and " doing business in Turkey , " related to the export of Turkey gas . But Woolsey ’s statements to the Journal and CNN , and the FARA filing now suggest this was either false or a woefully incomplete account of the client and the purpose of Flynn ’s work —   that Flynn was actually advising the Turkish government about Flynn extrajudicial removal of a green card holder from the United States . Turkey ’s foreign minister and the     of Erdoğan , the country ’s energy minister , were Flynn ’s interlocutors that day about putting Gülen Flynn’s of action . " FARA is the Foreign Agents Registration Act , and it would appear to be the clearest example of FARA law Flynn might be charged with violating . However Flynn former prosecutor Andrew McCarthy , now a writer for National Review , said on Thursday that Flynn was " unlikely to be prosecuted " Flynn his late filing as a foreign agent . Flynn A few    contacts could still prove troublesome . Flynn ’s communication with Ambassador Kislyak may have Flynn no legal charges   —    he was dismissed because his account of the conversations to Ambassador Kislyak White House , Ambassador Kislyak Vice President Mike Pence , was not completely accurate . Yet questions have still been raised about a $ 33 , 000 speaking engagement for the    Russia Today news agency and $ 23 , 000 of speeches he gave to Russian firms . Democrats have alleged these Ambassador Kislyak may have violated the Emoluments Clause . Flynn ’s offer of testimony for immunity has not been accepted yet . The Senate Intelligence Committee reportedly told Flynn it was " not receptive " to his offer Flynn at this time " on Friday . Flynn’s offer of testimony for immunity Schiff ( ) ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , said there are " many more witnesses and documents to obtain " before any immunity request from Flynn would be considered . Schiff took the opportunity to Flynn it was a " grave Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee momentous step " for a former National Security Adviser to the President of the United States to ask for immunity from prosecution , " but he gave no sign of granting it . A spokesman for Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes ( ) said on Friday the House Intelligence Committee a " preliminary conversation with Michael Flynn ’s lawyer about arranging for Flynn to speak to the Committee , " but the discussion " did Michael Flynn’s include immunity or the House Intelligence Committee conditions for his appearance . " Schiff said the House Intelligence Committee would Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee to the Justice Department , which at the the House Intelligence Committee has given no indication it will offer Flynn immunity . 
 Michael Flynn’s this writing 