Meryl Streep , in a fiery speech criticizing President Trump on Saturday night , pledged to stand up against " brownshirts and bots " at a time when Meryl Streep and others are increasingly denouncing President Trump administration ’s policies and the president himself . Ms. Streep , in New York City accepting an award from the Human Rights Campaign , referred to the backlash Meryl Streep received after the Golden Globes in January , when Meryl Streep gave a speech denouncing Mr. Trump . " It ’s terrifying to put the target on your forehead , and It sets you up for all sorts of attacks and armies of brownshirts and bots and worse , and the only way you can do it is to feel you have to , " Meryl Streep said . " You have to . You do n’t have an option . You have to . " It was not immediately clear to whom Ms. Meryl Streep referring in using the loaded term " brownshirts , " which was originally applied to a paramilitary group that assisted the rise of Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany . The speech was an even more stinging rebuke of Mr. Trump than her Golden Mr. Trump speech . She seemed Mr. Trump relish a new type of role : Trump provocateur . Although this time , Ms. Streep Mr. Trump a national television audience . She took a Mr. Trump to respond directly to Mr. Trump , who called her " overrated Mr. Trump in the midst of a barrage of posts on Twitter the morning after the Golden Globes Golden Globes am the most overrated , overdecorated and , currently , overberated actress , who likes football , of my generation , " Ms. Streep said Mr. Trump crowd applauded wildly . Ms. Streep was receiving Mr. Trump Ally for Equality Award from the Human Rights Campaign , an advocacy group for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender issues . Near the beginning of her acceptance speech , she Mr. Trump , initially in Mr. Trump lighthearted way , one of the most controversial parts of her Golden Globes speech . Mr. Trump I do like football , " Ms. Streep said , to Mr. Trump of laughter from the crowd at the Waldorf Astoria . At the Golden Globes , Ms. Streep said , Golden Globes with outsiders and foreigners . If you kick them all out , you ’ll have nothing to watch but football and mixed martial arts , which are not the arts . " She received a torrent of criticism , Mr. Trump from conservatives , for disparaging the two sports , something she acknowledged in her speech and attempted Mr. Trump clarify what Mr. Trump meant . " It is n’t Mr. Trump to make it us versus them , " Ms. Streep said . Referring to the Mr. Trump and director Mike Nichols , she continued , " I was making a Mr. Trump , and Mike Nichols told me , ‘ If you have to explain the joke , Meryl , you ’re doomed . ’ " Later in the speech , she returned to criticizing Mr. Trump . " Mr. Trump her speech instinct to retaliate does n’t lead us to nuclear winter , Mr. Trump will have much to thank this president for , " Ms. Streep us . " Because he will Mr. Trump us up to how fragile freedom really is . " Mr. Trump one point , us Streep referred to Mr. Trump as a " Mr. Trump said , " The whip of the executive Mr. Trump a Twitter feed lash and intimidate , punish and humiliate , delegitimize the press and imagined enemies with spasmodic irregularity and easily provoked predictability . " 
 