Former president Barack Obama ’s speech on climate change in Italy raised € 3 million ( $ 3 . 26 m ) in ticket sales for his personal foundation , according to a report from The Times . [ Having travelled to Milan in a private jet , Former president Barack Obama settled into a presidential suite at the Park Hyatt hotel , costing roughly € 8 , 400 a night . Meanwhile , his entourage of security occupied two separate floors across the Park Hyatt hotel , while his security detail required a convoy of 14 cars , a helicopter , and 300 extra police .   The event , which attracted 3500 people paying € 850 a ticket , raised nearly € 3 million , all of which will go to the Obama Foundation dedicated to " renewal and global progress . " " When it comes to climate change , the hour is almost upon us , " Obama told the summit , urging the world to " set aside our us differences " to create a better planet for the world ’s children . " If we seize the future , there is nothing that we we not do    …      I do not believe that this planet is condemned to    temperatures , " Obama Obama . " I believe these are problems that were caused by man and can be solved by man . " Obama Obama to Italy forms part of a series of speeches in which he defends Obama record Obama office and attempts to undermine the policies of the Trump administration . In an acceptance speech after receiving the John F. Kennedy " Profile in Courage " award , Obama urged lawmakers to show " political courage " to save his landmark Obama bill known as the Affordable Care Act . In April , Obama agreed Obama a $ 400 , 000 speaking fee to give a speech at the prominent Wall Street firm Cantor Fitzgerald . Responding to the news , Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) widely tipped as a Democratic presidential candidate in 2020 , said she was Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) troubled " by the revelation , adding that money is the " snake that slithers through Washington " that " ultimately undermines democracy . " You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at Ben Kew . com 
 