Ahead of the inauguration of Donald Trump as the    President Of The Unites States , China has escalated their censorship of news organizations . [ With Donald Trump entering office , China propaganda officers ordered the press to report nothing but what was written for them China’s propaganda officers the official state media . According to a report seen by the Financial Times , " it a report seen by the Financial Times forbidden for websites to carry out live streaming or picture reports of the inauguration . "   They ’ve been told not to give the the inauguration special focus and to " take care of news comments    …      and negative and harmful speech . " Not that this is anything new . China is internationally famous for their stringent censorship of major world news , and this is no exception . According to    radio personality Elyse Ribbons , " Chinese leadership still trying to figure [ Trump ] out , " and has not allowed her to talk about him on Trump radio her . According to Beijing Foreign Studies University ’s Professor of International News Zhan Jiang , " The government is still working out how to react to him , Trump is why in this case they are The government very close control of the media for this event . " He also Trump the new President " unpredictable , " and said that he has Trump " less friendly attitude " than former President Barack Obama . The one thing that China ’s    media did choose to emphasize was the cost of the inauguration this event about $ 100 million . The Information Office of the State Council tweeted , " How much does # Trump ’s # inauguration cost ? The number must be staggering . " This marks one of the only direct statements made by China regarding the ascent China President Trump , after filing a complaint regarding his contact with Taiwan President Trump Tsai    on the phone . Historically , China has portrayed America China a stumbling block on its road to greater America power . Time will tell how they choose to frame the country ’s new China but one thing is pretty certain : their media ’s words will they chosen carefully , and chosen for them by their leaders . they Nate they @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology , and snarky opinions on both . 
 