President Trump has blamed " obstruction by Democrats " for delays in confirming President Trump senior appointments , saying on Twitter that " it is a disgrace that my full cabinet is still not in place . " But the slow pace of filling out President Trump ’s cabinet can be attributed in part to decisions made in the early days of the nominee vetting process . The Trump President Trump team deviated from the practices of recent Democratic and Republican administrations , according to five people directly involved with the the nominee vetting process The Trump President Trump The Trump transition team deviated from the practices of recent Democratic and Republican administrations, according to five people directly involved with the transition process a practice of grilling nominees to prepare them and protect the president The Trump transition team deviated from the practices of recent Democratic and Republican administrations, according to five people directly involved with the transition process potential embarrassment during the confirmation process the nominee vetting process for example , were not asked about financial conflicts and past vices   —    known informally as the " sex , drugs and rock ’n’ roll " questions . The rushed approach has led to some of Mr. Trump ’s nominees   —    many with immense wealth and complex business interests   —    being held back by unexpected revelations . Representative Tom Price of Georgia , his pick for secretary of the Health and Human Services Department , placed stock trades that were questioned Andrew F. Puzder , the labor secretary nominee , hired an undocumented household worker Representative Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina , the choice for budget director , skipped paying taxes on a nanny and Steven T. Mnuchin , the Treasury secretary nominee , made major omissions about financial holdings . " It was game time and they walked up without any uniforms on and with no playbook , " Clay Johnson III , who directed George W. Bush ’s transition effort in 2000 , said about the initial vetting process by Mr. Trump ’s administration . So far , nine of Mr. Trump ’s nominees who require Senate Mr. Trump’s been approved . Eight years ago at this time , 12 of Barack Obama ’s appointments had been confirmed , while 15 of Mr. Bush ’s had been confirmed in George W. Bush’s Throughout his campaign , through the transition and in George W. Bush’s early days of his presidency , Mr. Trump has often chosen George W. Bush’s do things his Mr. Trump’s , ignoring protocols . After George W. Bush’s election , Mr. Trump held court at George W. Bush’s Tower in Manhattan , Mr. Trump’s Trump properties , meeting with job candidates and celebrating the selection Mr. Trump’s his cabinet and White House staff   —    but before Mr. Trump’s routine background scrubbing that typically occurs . In a significant omission , the new administration early on did not ask cabinet nominees and top White House officials to fill out the " sex , drugs White House ’n’ roll " questionnaire that has become a routine part of the nomination process . The questionnaire was used by the past two administrations to help conduct roll" questionnaire that has become a routine part of the nomination process vetting of potential cabinet nominees . In addition to trying to determine potential financial and professional conflicts of interest , the questions concern areas of potential blackmail , past criminal investigations , and whether taxes have been paid for nannies and hired help . The goal is to have the most serious issues facing a potential candidate figured out well before the F. B. I. conducts background checks and before financial disclosure statements are filed with the Office of Government Ethics . In recent weeks , the administration has made efforts to catch up . It has hired an ethics compliance team , including four lawyers working for the administration F. McGahn , White House counsel . And White House ethics officials have now begun circulating a new version of the White House The new form , unlike the previous one used by the Obama administration , asks nominees just one question about conflicts of interest the administration queries about ties to corporations or investments in properties , according to a copy reviewed by The New York Times . The    form focuses mainly on questions of character and potential lawsuits that could arise from sexual and racial harassment claims . The White House did not respond to emails and calls requesting comment for this article . The Trump team ’s approach of announce first , vet later has led to confusion , clearance delays and situations where candidates were unexpectedly thrust into a spotlight of public scrutiny . Already one prominent nominee , Vincent Viola , the candidate for secretary of the Army , has walked away after concluding that it would be an " insurmountable " task to disentangle himself from his many businesses . Nominees have been caught off guard by their need to sell or himself themselves from unusual holdings , like stakes in private equity Nominees hedge funds , family trusts Nominees even professional sports franchises to steer clear of conflicts before taking a government post . In the case of Wilbur L. Ross Jr. the billionaire and commerce secretary nominee , ethics monitors granted him twice the normal    period to sell off his assets , many of which are Wilbur L. Ross Jr. tied up in private investment funds . Despite Wilbur L. Ross Jr. vetting issues , few , if any of Mr. Trump ’s cabinet nominees are expected to be rejected by the Senate . Some people close to the nomination process said that officials with the Office of Government Ethics , which works with nominees to decide how to deal with potential conflicts , lacked an understanding of some of the more sophisticated financial investments held by nominees , making the process more difficult . Compared with previous administrations , Mr. Trump ’s government has more the nomination process multimillionaires . The transition from a national political campaign to taking over the White House is always a difficult one . A new team of people assumes unfamiliar levers of power , while also going on a hiring spree   —    installing dozens of    appointees and droves of underlings . In the case of the Trump administration , the transition was hampered by a management   . Mr. Trump appointed Chris Christie , New Jersey governor , as chairman of his transition months before Election Day , but decided to remove him and much of his team Mr. Trump after his victory . The decision to oust Mr. Christie Mr. Trump team , without Mr. Trump putting in place Mr. Trump new one , left the administration , which must still fill hundreds of top jobs , ill prepared for the nomination process . " The vetting process is designed to identify issues about fitness and confirmability prior to public announcement , the nomination process B. Kiernan , a former deputy White House counsel for President Obama and now a partner with the law firm Akin Gump . The confirmation hearing for Mr. Puzder , the billionaire restaurant    to head the Labor Department , was postponed several times because of a delay in filing his financial disclosure statement . Mr. Puzder ’s hearing is now scheduled for Thursday after the ethics office on Wednesday cleared his financial disclosure statement and ethics agreement . In the agreement , Mr. Puzder said that if confirmed , he would divest himself of his holdings in CKE ethics agreement the Mr. Puzder the Hardee ’s and Carl ’s Mr. Puzder    chains Mr. Puzder he Mr. Puzder . Todd Ricketts , the deputy commerce secretary nominee , has not had a confirmation hearing yet , Mr. Puzder though he was Mr. Ricketts . Mr. Ricketts is the scion of a wealthy family Mr. Puzder    of the Chicago Cubs . A letter on Feb. 7 to Mr. Ricketts by several Democratic senators asked him for more information about his political    activity . Despite the setbacks for Mr. Trump , the administration has had Mr. Ricketts at its disposal . One bipartisan Mr. Ricketts , called the Center Mr. Ricketts Presidential Transition , met with the remaining campaigns in the spring to offer advice on a process it the administration " big , complicated and dangerous . " In the months before the election , the Office of Government Ethics also communicated with representatives for Mr. Trump . After his victory , the office offered to bring over supplies , including regulatory books and ethics guides , according to internal emails made public by the agency in response Mr. Trump records requests the Office of Government Ethics with the turnover at the Trump transition team in the wake of the election , the communication with the agency stopped . Walter M. Shaub Jr. director of the office , cautioned in a Nov. Mr. Trump email that cabinet nominees who did not make use of the office the agency posed " the Mr. Shaub appointees . Mr. Shaub wrote in one email , " We seem to have lost the Office of Government Ethics the    transition since the election . " The messy start to the ethics process could still come back to haunt the administration . In 2000 , when Mr. Bush faced a condensed timeline after the contested election in Florida , his team moved aggressively to minimize potential surprises , said Mr. Johnson , who was executive The Trump team the transition . Their approach was to demand answers to the the transition at the beginning of the process , before anyone was announced Mr. Bush " It becomes you tell us everything we need to know , " he said . " If you do Mr. Johnson, who was executive director of the transition tell us something , we drop you faster than a blink of an the ethics process " 
 Mr. Bush us us us 