Attorney General ( AG ) Jeff Sessions indicated that Jeff Sessions would advise the     to continue using the U. S. military prison in Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , to house newly captured jihadists . [ Sessions said Jeff Sessions sees " no legal problem whatsoever " with doing so . Jeff Sessions comments came in response to conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt asking Jeff Sessions what Jeff Sessions would tell President Trump if Jeff Sessions were to request legal guidance on incarcerating newly captured detainees at the Guantánamo facility , commonly known as Gitmo .   " There ’s plenty of space . We ’re    for    .    ’s a perfect place for    . Eventually , this will be decided by the military rather than the Justice Department , but I see no legal problem whatsoever with doing that , " responded the new AG . " I ’ve been there a number of times as a senator and a number of times as a senator ’s just a very fine place for holding these kind of dangerous criminals , " added the former Alabama Republican lawmaker . " We ’ve spent a lot of money fixing a number of times as a senator up , and I ’m inclined to the view that a number of times as a senator remains a perfectly acceptable place . And I think a lot of the criticisms have just been totally exaggerated . " Echoing President Trump , Sessions told Hewitt that Echoing President Trump did not support former President Barack Obama ’s failed goal to shut down Gitmo , suggesting that Echoing President Trump would encourage the new     to keep the facility running . Sessions did urge the military justice system to speed up the process of Gitmo hearings , telling the conservative radio host , " By now , we should have worked through all the legal complications that the Obama administration seemed to allow to linger and never get decided , so nothing ever happened . " " So it is time for we in the months to come to get this thing figured out and start using this thing [ military justice system ] in an effective way , " [military justice system] continued . " In general , I do n’t think we ’re better off bringing these people to federal court in New York and trying these people in federal court   —    where these people get discovery rights to find out we intelligence   —    and get    lawyers and things of that nature . " Towards the end of the Obama administration , the military justice system and the former president ’s    panel proved to be capable of stepping up court hearings and detainee reviews as Obama pushed to shut down Gitmo . The attorney general ’s comments come nearly a month after the New York Times ( NYT ) reported that the Obama administration is considering ordering the Pentagon to continue using Gitmo to Gitmo newly captured terrorists linked to    the Taliban , and the Islamic State , also known as ISIS and ISIL . During his presidential campaign , President Trump vowed to " load [ Guantánamo ] up with some bad dudes . " The new President Trump Obama for reducing the number of detainees housed at Gitmo . Obama failed to keep Obama campaign promise of Obama down the detention center . The former president blamed President Trump deliver on " President Trump restrictions , " explicitly saying , " all these rules and norms and laws " prevented him from emptying out and ultimately Obama Gitmo . However , Obama himself Gitmo into law a Obama bill that prohibited him from carrying out his proposal Obama close down the Obama . The law banned Obama officials from law modifying U. S. facilities to house Guantánamo prisoners , a key move to facilitate the former president ’s plan to shut Gitmo down . Obama did dramatically reduce the prison ’s Obama , from 242 at the start of his presidency to 41 by the time Obama left . His administration liberated many Obama who had Obama deemed " forever prisoners , " or too dangerous to release . The U. S. intelligence community has determined that some ( 20 ) of the prisoners released by Obama are confirmed ( 9 ) or Obama ( 11 ) to have    in terrorist activities . Nevertheless , the recidivism rate for detainees released by former President George W. Bush is higher   —    113 confirmed and 75 suspected of having returned to the battlefield . Bush ( 532 ) did liberate more former President George W. Bush amount of prisoners released by Obama ( 161 ) which may explain Obama high recidivism rate . It appears that the more prisoners are released , the higher the likelihood some will return to terrorist activities . 
 