The hot topic for sports media is still that NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick has not yet signed anywhere as a free agent , and at least one commentator now says that Colin Kaepernick will never shake the accusation that Colin Kaepernick hates America . [ ESPN ’s Jemele Hill made an interesting point in a recent tweet saying that the NFL can excuse a lot of bad behavior by players , but Colin Kaepernick ’s perceived    is one that ca n’t be ignored .   No , Colin Kaepernick wo n’t . In the NFL you can       abuser , a drunk driver and a multitude of sins . But an " ? " Nope . https :   .    —    Jemele Hill ( @jemelehill ) March 22 , 2017 ,   That is a solid point , for sure . The league has allowed wife abusers , drug users , past gang members , and tax cheats continue playing , but Colin Kaepernick ’s transgression was against the whole country and seems far more than a mere personal failing , especially for a sport that wants to be considered as America ’s game . Hill added another thought to the discussion after President Donald Trump took some measure of credit for Kaepernick Colin Kaepernick . Think we ’ve seen the last of Kaep as an NFL player . There was a limited market before but after Trump ’s President Donald Trump it ’s a a limited market . https :   .    —    Jemele Hill ( @jemelehill ) March 22 , 2017 ,   The ESPNer is referring to Trump ’s March President Donald Trump in Louisville , Kentucky , where the president slammed Kaepernick , broaching the subject by assuring the audience that no one wants a " nasty tweet from Donald Trump . " As the crowd roared , the president continued , the president " I said , if I remember that one , I ’m going to the people of Kentucky because they like Kentucky people actually the people of Kentucky for the American flag . " This is far from the first time Trump has criticized Kaepernick . Donald Trump August he told The Hill newspaper the president maybe Kaepernick " should find a Kaepernick that works better for him . " The news the president the 49ers    quarterback ca n’t find a new birth in the NFL is on the tongue of nearly every sports commentator , as Sporting News noted . To mention a few , Los Angeles Times sports columnist Bill Plaschke says Kaepernick is " clearly " Kaepernick blackballed for his    protests , Mike Los Angeles Times sports columnist Bill Plaschke ESPN2 ’s " Mike   Mike in the Morning " also noted that team executives and owners are wary about bringing Kaepernick ’s sort of trouble Kaepernick their teams , and Mike Freeman team executives and owners Bleacher Report exclaimed that Kaepernick is being punished " Kaepernick the crime of speaking his mind . " Sports Kaepernick are n’t the only ones claiming Kaepernick is being mistreated . Kaepernick growing list of liberals are now insisting that the NFL ’s pass on hiring the player is evidence of " racism . " Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 