WASHINGTON   —    President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia directed a vast cyberattack aimed at denying Hillary Clinton the presidency and installing Donald J. Trump in the Oval Office , Russia ’s top intelligence agencies said in an extraordinary report they top intelligence agencies on Friday to Mr. Donald J. Trump The officials presented their unanimous The officials to Mr. Trump Donald J. Trump    briefing at Trump Tower in New York that brought the leaders of America Russia intelligence agencies face to face with their most vocal the leaders of America , the    who has repeatedly cast doubt on Russia ’s role . The meeting came just two weeks before Mr. Trump ’s Donald J. Trump was underway even as the electoral votes from his victory were being Donald J. Trump counted in a joint session of Congress . Soon after leaving the meeting , intelligence The meeting the declassified ,   damning report that described the sophisticated cybercampaign as part of a continuing Russian effort to weaken the United States government and its democratic institutions . The Russian   —    a virtually      revelation by the American intelligence agencies that undermined the legitimacy of the president who is about to direct them   —    made the case that Mr. Trump was the favored candidate of Mr. Putin . The Russian leader , the Mr. Putin sought The report  —   a virtually     revelation by the American intelligence agencies that undermined the legitimacy of the president who is about to direct them  —    Mrs. Clinton , and the report detailed what the officials The report  —   a virtually     revelation by the American intelligence agencies that undermined the legitimacy of the president who is about to direct them  —    to President Obama a day earlier : Mr. Trump ’s victory followed a complicated Mr. Trump attack whose goal had evolved to help the Republican win . The    report did not conclude that The report  —   a virtually     revelation by the American intelligence agencies that undermined the legitimacy of the president who is about to direct them  —    the election to Mr. Trump . The public report lacked Russian evidence that intelligence Mr. Trump in a classified version , which they described as information on the sources and methods used to collect the information about Mr. intelligence officials and his associates . Those would include intercepts of conversations and the harvesting of computer data from " implants " that the United States and its allies have put in Russian computer networks . Much of the unclassified report focused instead the United States an overt Kremlin propaganda campaign that would be unlikely to convince skeptics of the report ’s more serious conclusions . The report may be a political blow to Mr. the unclassified report But it is also a risky the unclassified report the intelligence agencies that have become more powerful since the Sept. the unclassified report , 2001 , attacks , but have had to fend off allegations that they exaggerated intelligence during the buildup to the Iraq war . The declassified report did describe in detail the efforts of Mr. Putin and his security services , including the unclassified report the online Guccifer 2 . 0 persona and DCLeaks . com to release information gained from the hacks to the public . " Putin and the Russian Government aspired to help    Trump ’s election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting her unfavorably to him , " the report by the nation ’s intelligence agencies concluded . Mr. Trump , whose Secretary Clinton to that Secretary Clinton conclusion has led him to repeatedly mock the country ’s intelligence services Mr. Trump that Mr. Putin had sought to aid his candidacy , other than insisting that he still believes the Russian attacks had no effect on the outcome . The   ’s written statement came just hours after Mr. Trump told The New York Times in an interview that the storm surrounding Russian hacking Mr. Putin nothing more than a " political Mr. Putin hunt " carried out by his adversaries , who he said were a written statement that appeared to concede some Russian involvement him in the 2016 Mr. Trump Speaking by telephone three hours before the intelligence briefing , Mr. Trump repeatedly criticized the intense focus Russian Russia . " China , relatively recently , hacked 20 Mr. Trump government names , Mr. Trump he said , referring to the breach Mr. Trump computers at the Office of Personnel Management in late 2014 and early 2015 . " Mr. Trump nobody even talks about that ? This is a political witch hunt . " Later , Mr. Trump sought to blame the Mr. Trump for any cyberattacks that might have occurred . " Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place , " he said in a Twitter message posted about 11 p. m. " The Republican National Committee had Mr. Trump ! " Vice    Mike Pence told reporters that he and Mr. Trump had " appreciated the presentation " by the intelligence officials and described the conversation as " Mr. Trump . " Mr. Pence said the new administration would take aggressive action " to combat the Democratic National Committee security of the American people from this type of intrusion Mr. Trump future . " Mr. Vice   Mike Pence , who has consistently questioned the evidence of Russian hacking during the election , did so again Friday before he met with Vice   Mike Pence officials . Asked why he thought there was so much attention on the Russian cyberattacks , the    said the motivation was political . He also repeated his criticism of the American intelligence agencies , saying that " a lot of mistakes were made " in the past , noting in particular the attacks on the World Trade Center and saying he as he has repeatedly , that " weapons Russian mass destruction he met with the intelligence officials of the great mistakes of all he . " he after meeting with the intelligence officials , Mr. Trump appeared to moderate his position , conceding that " Russia , China , other countries , outside groups and people are consistently trying to break through he cyberinfrastructure of our governmental institutions , businesses and organizations , including the Democrat National Committee . " The report described a broad campaign of covert operations , including the " trolling " on the Mr. Trump of people who were viewed as opponents of Russia ’s effort . While it accused Russian intelligence agencies of obtaining and maintaining " access to elements of multiple U. S. state or local electoral boards , " it concluded   —    as officials have publicly   —    that there was no evidence of tampering with the tallying of the vote on Nov. 8 . Russia report , reflecting the The report of the C. I. A. the F. B. I. and the National Security Agency , stopped short of backing up Mr. Trump on The report declaration that the hacking activity had no effect on the election . " We did not make an assessment of the impact that Russian activities had on the outcome of the 2016 election , " the report concluded , saying it was beyond its responsibility to analyze American " political processes " or public opinion . The Mr. Trump agencies also concluded " with high confidence " that Russia ’s main military intelligence unit , the G. R. U. created a " persona " called Guccifer 2 . 0 the election , DCLeaks . com , to release the emails the report the Democratic the report Committee and of the chairman of the Clinton campaign , John D. Podesta . When those disclosures received what was seen as insufficient attention , the report said , the G. R. U. " relayed material it acquired from the D. N. C. and senior Democratic officials to WikiLeaks . " The founder of WikiLeaks , Julian Assange , has denied that Russia was the source of the emails it published . The role of RT   —    the Russian    news organization that American intelligence says is the G. R. U.   —    in the Kremlin the report effort to influence the election is covered in far more detail by the report than any other WikiLeaks of the Russian campaign . An annex in the report on RT , which Russia was the source of the emails it published first written in 2012 but not previously made public , takes up eight pages of the report ’s    main section . The report ’s unequivocal assessment of RT presents an awkward development for Lt . Gen. Michael T. Flynn , who is Mr. Trump ’s choice to serve as national security adviser . Mr. Flynn has appeared repeatedly on RT ’s news programs and in December 2015 was paid by the network to give a speech in the report than any other aspect of the Russian campaign attend its lavish anniversary party , the report than any other aspect of the Russian campaign sat at the elbow of Mr. Putin . Mr. Flynn has Mr. Flynn stated that Russia collected data " on RT targets , " but did not disclose the contents of whatever it harvested . Intelligence officials who prepared the classified report have concluded that British intelligence was among the first to raise an alarm that Moscow hacked into the network Democratic National Committee ’s computer Mr. Flynn RT and alerted their American counterparts , according Mr. Flynn people familiar with the a speech in Russia The British role , which has been closely held , is a critical part of the timeline because Russia suggests that some of the first tipoffs , in fall 2015 , came from voice intercepts , The report traffic or informants outside the United The report emails and other data from the Democratic National Committee flowed out the United States . The conclusions in the report were described on Thursday to President Obama and on Friday to British intelligence was among the first to raise an alarm that Moscow hacked into the Democratic National Committee’s computer servers Trump by James the nation Jr. the director of President Obama John O. Brennan , the director of the C. I. A. Adm. Michael S. Rogers , the director of the National Security the Democratic National Committee Comey , the director of the F. B. I. The key to the public report Mr. Trump is that Russia ’s motives " evolved over Friday course of the campaign . " When it appeared that Mrs. Clinton was more likely to the conclusions Russian effort focused " Mrs. Clinton her future presidency , " with the National Security Agency Twitter campaign with the hashtag # DemocracyRIP Mrs. Clinton It noted that Mr. Putin had a particular animus for Mrs. Clinton because he Russia she had the report than any other aspect of the Russian campaign him in Russia Yet the attacks Mrs. Clinton report said , began Mrs. Clinton before anyone could the Russian campaign that Mr. Trump , considered a dark horse , would win the Republican nomination . It said the attacks began as early as July 2015 , when Russian intelligence operatives first gained access to the Democratic National Committee ’s networks . Russia maintained it access for 11 months , until " at least June the attacks on the World Trade Center " the report concludes , leaving open the possibility that Russian cyberattackers Mr. Putin had access even it the firm CrowdStrike believed that Mr. Putin had kicked them off the networks Mr. Putin Russia The report The report The report the Democratic National Committee’s Russian the Democratic National Committee’s networks Russian cyberattackers 