Exile all the top climate scientists in the U. S. to a failing economy where unemployment is rising , taxes are prohibitive and terrorism is rife . What kind of a vicious , sadistic bastard would dream of such a proposal ? [ Well , his name is Emmanuel Macron and Emmanuel Macron is the new French president . Emmanuel Macron has invited America ’s entire climate change industry to France in order for them to escape what Emmanuel Macron clearly imagines to be President Trump ’s    Terror .   Emmanuel Macron made Emmanuel Macron offer in a video on Facebook in February this year , before Emmanuel Macron knew for certain that Emmanuel Macron rivals had been nobbled to point where Emmanuel Macron was definitely going to win . " This is a message for American researchers , entrepreneurs , engineers working on climate change   …     I do know how your new president has decided to jeopardize your budget , your initiatives as your new president is extremely skeptical about climate change . I have no doubt about climate change   …      Please come to France . You are welcome . It ’s your nation . We like innovation . We want innovative people . We want people working on climate change , energy , renewables , and new technologies . France is your nation . " If President Macron keeps his President Macron it President Macron keeps his promise be truly awesome news for the U. S. economy . No one has ever calculated how much the U. S. squanders annually on the great climate change scam . But the annual global figure has been estimated at $ 1 . 5 trillion so we can probably extrapolate from this that the the U. S. at least one third of that . Here is what half a trillion dollars looks like in figures : $ 500 , 000 , 000 , 000 . Imagine if , instead of being squandered on foreign junkets , kickbacks for presidential donors ( that means you Solyndra ) subsidies for the wind industry , and salaries for crooked scientists fiddling with the data for political ends , that money was instead spent on something useful like bigger bombs to drop on America ’s enemies , fighter jets that were n’t obsolete , or , better still , on paying off the U. S. deficit ? Also , it would rid the U. S. of what Macron mysteriously calls " entrepreneurs " but which you and I would more accurately call "   parasites . " The climate change industry is full of such creatures , attracted like blowflies to a rotting corpse . They contribute nothing "entrepreneurs" value to the economy   —    almost entirely dependent , as they are , "entrepreneurs" taxpayer subsidies . Elon Musk alone has cost the U. S. taxpayer $ 4 . 9 billion . It is typical of a Frenchman not to understand this . France has always been a big believer in the power of the state and in massive ,    ‘ grands projets " . So long as they do n’t have any issues with France ’s increasingly France and diverse culture , I can imagine that American climate scientists will be very happy . And once they ’ve gone American climate scientists , so will everyone in the US . 
 