Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin condemned comedian Kathy Griffin for photographing Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin holding up President Donald Trump ’s severed head on Tuesday , saying comedian Kathy Griffin is " sick . " [ " No one should be shocked at the sick audacity of sick characters . Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin is a hurting individual . Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin needs help , " Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin told Breitbart News . " Can you imagine if the subject of such an outrageous visual was a liberal ? Obviously , media would be unhinged and uncontained in response . "   comedian Kathy Griffin told a    blogger Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin had Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin photographed holding the president ’s    and severed head because Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin was upset about comments comedian Kathy Griffin made during the GOP primary season . " Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin said they were putting together a Trump mask and that led Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin to think of Trump ’s infamous statement early on in the primary , " blogger Yashar Ali tweeted Tuesday . " The ‘ blood coming out of Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin eyes , blood coming out of Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin ears , blood coming out of Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin wherever’ statement . " After the attempted assassination of Arizona Democratic Rep. Gabrielle Giffords in 2011 in a shooting that left six dead , the Left launched a    assault on Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , trying to blame Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin for " inspiring " the severely    shooter ’s actions .   A political action committee supporting Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin had released a Facebook graphic displaying crosshairs on congressional districts where Tea Party candidates could compete in the 2010 midterm elections . " We never imagined , it never occurred to We that anybody would consider it violent . We never ever , ever intended it to be gun sights , " SarahPac spokeswoman Rebecca Mansour , now senior West Coast editor at Breitbart News , told ABC News at the time . Palin blasted the media and the Left for trying to smear Palin as an enabler of a   . " If you do n’t like a person ’s vision for the country , you ’re free to debate vision for the country . If you do n’t like their ideas , you ’re free to propose better ideas . But , especially within hours of a tragedy unfolding , journalists and pundits should not manufacture a blood libel that serves only to incite the very hatred and violence they journalists and pundits to condemn . That is reprehensible , " Palin said . Despite further Democratic backlash against Palin Palin of the term " blood libel , "    Law Professor Alan Dershowitz said Palin ’s Palin not at all " improper . " " There is nothing improper and certainly nothing    in Sarah Palin using Palin [ blood libel ] to characterize what she reasonably believes are Palin accusations that her words or images Palin have caused a mentally disturbed individual to kill and maim , " Dershowitz told Breitbart News’ Law Professor Alan Dershowitz Government . " The fact that two of the victims are Jewish is utterly irrelevant to the propriety of using this    term . " Griffin said she does " not Griffin " violence Tuesday while joking about displaying the president ’s severed , bloodied head . " I caption this ‘ there was blood coming out of his eyes , blood coming out of his   …      his Also @tylershields great    maker , " Griffin tweeted Tuesday . Griffin Tuesday 