Stephen Colbert unleashed a blistering ,    barrage of personal insults against President Donald Trump during Monday ’s broadcast of The Late Show . [ Stephen Colbert couched President Donald Trump attacks on President Donald Trump as an attempt to defend his President Donald Trump colleague and Face the Nation host John Dickerson , whose show the president " loves " and jokingly called " Deface the Nation " in an interview this week .   " Donald Trump , John Dickerson is a    journalist and one of the most competent people who will ever walk into your office , and you treat him John Dickerson that ? " Colbert said . " Dickerson John Dickerson way too much dignity to trade insults with a president of the United States to his John Dickerson . " So Colbert Colbert to do it for him John Dickerson " I , sir , am no John Dickerson , " he John Dickerson before starting in on Trump . Tonight : Stephen tells the John Dickerson journalists , restrained by their dignity , wish they could their . # LSSC pic . twitter .    —    The Late Show ( @colbertlateshow ) May 1 , 2017 ,   " Mr. President John Dickerson love your presidency . I call it ‘ Disgrace your presidency Nation,’ " he began . John Dickerson You ’re not the POTUS you ’re the ‘ BLOTUS.’ You ’re the glutton with the button . You ’re a regular ‘ Gorge Washington.’ You ’re the ‘ ’ but you ’re turning into a real ‘ . ’ " " Sir , you attract more skinheads than free Rogaine , " Colbert continued . " You have more people marching against you than cancer Sir You talk like a    gorilla that got hit in the head . " " In fact , the only thing your mouth is good for is being Vladimir Putin ’s c*ck holster , " Colbert said , Colbert the audience erupted in laughter and applause . " Your presidential library is gon na be a kid ’s menu and a couple of ‘ Juggs’ magazines , " he concluded . Juggs’ The only thing smaller than your hands are your tax returns    …      and you can take that any way you want . " Colbert has ramped Colbert his attacks on Colbert president as his show has Tonight Show steady rise in the ratings since Inauguration Day . The CBS host has regularly beaten    rival Jimmy Fallon ’s Tonight Show in total viewers since January , though Fallon often holds the rival Jimmy Fallon’s in the      demo . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 