A number of leading technology CEOs will visit the White House later this month for a technology summit led by Donald Trump ’s     and close adviser Jared Kushner . [ Top technology executives including Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos , Apple CEO Tim Cook , and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella will attend the American Technology Council meeting where Top technology executives including Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos, Apple CEO Tim Cook, and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella will discuss the modernization of government services . However , Facebook has yet to respond to the invitation .   the American Technology Council meeting where they will discuss the modernization of government services comes after seven leading technology companies paid for a    ad in The New York Times urging Donald Trump to reverse his Donald Trump to pull out of the Paris Climate Agreement earlier this month . Meanwhile , Tesla CEO Elon Musk confirmed he Tesla CEO Elon Musk quit the White House advisory council over Trump Donald Trump to pull out . Am departing presidential councils . Climate change is real . Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world .   —    Elon Musk ( @elonmusk ) June 1 , 2017 ,   The meeting will be led by Trump ’s Donald Trump alongside a number of government officials , where they will discuss future collaboration Jared Kushner, alongside a number of government officials, where they will discuss future collaboration between technology firms and the government, as well as future deals between them and federal agencies technology firms and the government , as well as future deals between them and federal agencies . technology firms and the government American Technology Council was formed by Trump in May as part Donald Trump an effort to upgrade the U. S. government ’s use of digital services . The executive order signed by Trump read : It is Donald Trump policy of the United States to promote the secure , efficient and economical use of information technology to achieve its missions . Americans deserve the United States digital services from their government . To effectuate Americans policy , the federal the policy of the United States transform and their government technology and how it uses and their government digital services . In their government    to last year ’s presidential election , the vast majority of prominent technology executives , such as Facebook    Dustin Moskovitz , Google CEO Eric Schmidt , and Apple CEO Tim Cook , actively endorsed Hillary Clinton ’s candidacy against Donald Trump . However , in December last year , Trump held a meeting with last year of Silicon Donald Trump leaders in which he promised to " make it a lot easier Donald Trump [ them ] to trade across borders . " You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . com 
 Ben Kew 