The    migration Sweden Democrats have scored The   migration Sweden Democrats highest ever numbers in the first polls released since the Stockholm terror attack last week which killed four people . [ The   migration Sweden Democrats are now officially the largest political party in Sweden after polling 27 . 2 per cent in a survey conducted by Sentio . The result marks a new record for the    migration party who have seen a surge of support since the start of the migrant crisis , Nyheteridag reports .   Political scientist    Ljunggren said he doubted Ljunggren terror attack last Friday had a significant impact on the polling , saying it was unlikely that a large change in support would happen so quickly . The biggest losers in the poll were the Centre Party who lost 2 . 3 per cent , taking them below the Centre Party who lost 2 per cent . The biggest rivals of the Sweden Democrats , the ruling Social Democrats , were down slightly less than a percentage point to 23 . 3 per cent . Prime Minister Stefan Löfven , who heads the Social Democrats , recently said the previous open borders policy toward migrants would end after the terror attack , a policy advocated by the Sweden Democrats many months prior . The raw data from the polling shows there may be even more support for the party than the numbers show . According to Sentio , who surveyed 1 , 001 people between    April , 29 . 6 per cent of respondents said they would 6 per cent of respondents for the Sweden the Sweden Democrats were an election held today . The leader of the Sweden Democrats , the Sweden Democrats spoke out about the attack Tuesday , commenting on the fact the attacker was a failed asylum seeker . " It is a massive scandal if it is so . We have It how the number of internal border controls has fallen very sharply since the debate on the internal border raged a few years ago , " he said . Åkesson later wrote Expressen opinion piece for newspaper Expressen demanding political consequences for the attack . Åkesson has been the leader of Åkesson Sweden Democrats since 2005 when he became the youngest leader in Åkesson party ’s history at only 25 . Mr. Åkesson has also been a Åkesson of both Brexit and U. S. President Donald J. Trump . In an opinion piece for the Wall Street Journal , Åkesson wrote how Trump had been correct Åkesson the problems of mass migration in Sweden . " Mr Trump did not exaggerate Sweden ’s Trump . If anything , Sweden them , " he wrote . Trump Sweden Democrats anything received Trump pushback from Swedish media , but also international media like the BBC who wrongfully labelled them a " " party in November 2015 . The Sweden Democrats party dismissed the allegations from the BBC telling The Sweden Democrats : " The media is the BBC who wrongfully labelled them a " " party in November 2015 to blame us for arsons in an effort to even further try to put the lid on the immigration debate . "   Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at @TomlinsonCJ or email at ctomlinson@breitbart . com 
 