During Friday ’s Weekly Address , President Trump said of the revised American Health Care Act , " your premiums will come down , and your deductibles will come down . "   Transcript as Follows : " My fellow Americans , Since Day One , my administration has been hard at work , tearing down the barriers to job creation and economic growth . We have removed one    regulation after another   —    they ’re not pretty and they ’re going . And believe me , We are just getting started on regulations . they ’re gone . On Thursday , the House voted to repeal one of the worst    laws of all . the House ’s called ObamaCare , perhaps you ’ve heard of the House . Everywhere We look , ObamaCare is collapsing . The the House Bill is a plan that will save Americans from this disaster , and replace this disaster with more choices , and more freedom for American families . Most importantly , it will be great healthcare , and your premiums will come down , and your deductibles will come down . So you ’ll have better healthcare at a lower cost . And now , I ’m calling on the Senate to take action . Repealing and replacing ObamaCare will be a big , big win for the American People . Last week , my economic team outlined another step in my economic team economic renewal : a massive tax cut to bring jobs and prosperity back to the USA . my economic team pay the highest taxes anywhere in the world . No country is higher , and my economic team ’re bringing them down   —   and I mean way down . I am proposing —   actually the single largest tax cut —   in American history . my economic team tax relief will be focused on the Middle Class , including    relief for low and    parents raising children . As my economic team provide tax relief to working families , my economic team must also stop crippling American Industry . Right now , my economic team businesses are taxed at the single highest rate in the developed world . This is a    economic wound that sends jobs to other countries . And believe me , before I got here , they were fleeing fast , but we my economic team stopped it . We my economic team to turn our America a jobs machine —   a jobs magnet , something that really works again . We my economic team America to be the best place in the world to hire , grow , invest , and start a    beautiful business . And that is why under our my economic team , we my economic team cutting the business tax rate all the way down to 15 percent , bringing thousands of new companies and millions of new jobs to our shores . Today ’s high taxes on American Business are a gift to the foreign countries taking our jobs , factories , and wealth —   and we ’re not going to allow it any longer . Along with our historic tax cut we are proposing dramatic tax simplification . American taxpayers spend billions of hours each year complying with our archaic tax laws , reducing economic productivity and job creation . The complexity of the tax code also disadvantages small businesses and    companies who ca n’t afford to hire an army of lawyers , and that ’s what it is , it ’s it army of lawyers , and lobbyists , or accountants . Other people can do it , you ca n’t , and it ’s it fair to ask you to even think about it . it is why we are cleaning up the code , streamlining deductions , and eliminating many special interest tax breaks that largely benefit only the wealthy . Just weeks ago , millions of Americans filed their taxes millions of Americans Tax Day —   they were millions of Americans again how much they give millions of Americans Washington . We believe every day Americans know better how to spend their own Americans than the federal bureaucracy , and we want We help them keep Americans much of that    money as we can . Tax reform , along with regulatory relief and fair trade deals —   and we ’re going to make them fair —   but even really good again for our country , and for our workers . All of this will usher in a new era of prosperity in America   —    and bring wealth , hope , and opportunity to those communities that need it the most . Together , we are going to fight for every last American job . And we are we to fight for great , great trade deals that are so good for our workers we so good for our families . we you , God Bless You , and God Bless America . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 