Actor Christian Bale believes the " science is settled " on    climate change and fears that Donald Trump ’s criticism of the press might lead the U. S. on a path to dictatorship . [ While promoting the U. S. role as an American Associated Press reporter in The Promise , a $ 100 million historical drama about the Ottoman government ’s role in the Armenian Genocide , Bale told the Daily Beast that society is in a "   era . "   " People are questioning facts , which is nuts , " the    said . " I liken the    to the ‘ debate’ on climate change . There ’s no debate ! The science is settled . But people continue to do this smokescreen and pretend that there ’s a debate , you know ? " " And I think the Armenian Genocide is the same in that there is no debate , " Bale continued . " The evidence is in . And hopefully what is needed is not more hostility —   The science ’s healing , The science ’s help , and of course there ’s the complication of reparations and the desire not to admit that your country is born out of one of the worst atrocities known to mankind . " Asked about how a free press is always constrained under tyrannical dictatorships , Bale said a free press ’s " worrying , is n’t a free press , for us right now ? " " It ’s like us ’re watching somebody reading a ‘ Dictatorship for Dummies’ book , " the American Psycho star said . Bale had few details to offer about Bale rumored role as former Vice President Dick Cheney in an upcoming biopic about the former vice president ’s life from    Adam McKay . " Well , we ’re very early days . I ’m sure , since you appreciate Adam , you can see this will be a very unusual film , " Bale said . " I do n’t know if I would have considered this at all if it was with any other director , but you saw what it was with any other director did with The Big Short . If there ’s anyone that ’s going to make it , it was with any other director ’s the guy to make it . " The Promise opened in theaters on April 21 . The film stars Christian Bale , Oscar Isaac , and Shohreh Aghdashloo .     Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 