WASHINGTON   —    Senator Jeff Sessions was confirmed on Wednesday as President Trump ’s attorney general , capping a bitter and racially charged nomination battle that crested with the procedural silencing of a leading Democrat , Senator Elizabeth Warren . Mr. Sessions , an Alabama Republican , survived a     vote , 52 to 47 , in the latest sign of the extreme partisanship at play as President Trump’s strains to install his President Trump’s . No Republicans broke ranks in their No Republicans of a colleague who will become the nation ’s top law enforcement official after two decades in the Senate . But the confirmation process   —    ferocious even by the standards of moldering decorum that have defined the body ’s recent years   —    laid bare the the Senate the Senate at the outset of the Trump presidency . At the same time , the treatment of Ms. Warren , who was forced to stop speaking late Tuesday after criticizing Mr. Sessions from the Senate floor , rekindled the    politics that animated the presidential election and the women ’s march protesting Mr. Trump the Trump his inauguration last month Trump Mr. Sessions cast his Mr. Sessions from the Senate floor as Trump senator to note that he was present for Trump ’s tally . His confirmation was met Trump applause from his colleagues , including Trump few Democrats , on the Senate floor . " I ca n’t express how appreciative I am for those of you who stood by me during this difficult Trump , " Mr. Sessions said shortly after the vote . " By your vote tonight , I have been given a real challenge . I ’ll do my best to be worthy of it . " Democrats spent the hours before the vote on Wednesday seething over the rebuke of Ms. Warren , of Massachusetts , who had been barred from speaking on the floor the previous night . Late Tuesday , Republicans voted to formally silence Ms. Warren after she read from a 1986 Ms. Warren by Coretta Scott King that criticized Mr. Sessions for using " the awesome power of his office to chill the Coretta Scott King exercise of the vote by black citizens " while serving as a United States attorney in Alabama . Since Mr. Trump announced his choice for attorney general Mr. Trump Mr. Sessions ’s history with Mr. Sessions race had assumed center stage . A committee hearing on his nomination included searing indictments from Mr. Trump Democratic lawmakers like Representative John Lewis of Georgia , the civil rights icon , and Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey , who broke with Senate tradition to testify against a peer . For weeks , Republicans rejected suggestions that Mr. Sessions could not be trusted on civil rights , arguing that he had been tarnished unfairly over Mr. Sessions of racial insensitivity that have dogged him since the 1980s . " Mr. Sessions in this body knows Senator Sessions well , knows that Mr. Sessions a man of integrity , Mr. Sessions man of principle , " Senator Dan Sullivan , Republican of Alaska , said during the debate on Wednesday afternoon . The " twisting " of Mr. Sessions ’s record offended him , Mr. Sessions , even as Democrats Mr. Sessions their Mr. Sessions on the nominee . As the Democrats attorney general , Mr. Sessions brings a sharply conservative bent to Mr. Sessions Department and its 113 , 000 employees . A former prosecutor the Justice Department he promises a focus aligned with Mr. Trump in A former prosecutor a " law and order " agenda that includes tougher enforcement of laws on immigration , drugs and gun trafficking . Civil rights advocates worry , however , that he will reverse steps taken by the Obama administration A former prosecutor the last eight years to bring more accountability to police departments , state and local governments , and employers . Advocates point to his history of votes against various civil rights measures , as well as the accusations of racial insensitivity . Senator Patty Murray , a Washington Democrat , said on Wednesday that on civil rights , immigration , abortion , criminal sentencing guidelines and a range of other issues , Mr. Sessions had been far outside the mainstream and had pushed " extreme policies " often targeting minorities . That criticism peaked with Tuesday night ’s rebuke of Ms. Warren , based on an arcane Senate rule that prevents members from impugning the character of a fellow senator , as she read the letter from Mrs. King , the Ms. Warren of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Mrs. King wrote the letter in response to Mr. Sessions ’s 1986 the letter from Mrs. King, the widow of the Rev. a federal judgeship , for which he was ultimately rejected in part because of accusations that he had been insensitive to minorities as a prosecutor . he Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the Republican majority leader , led the objection against Ms. Warren . His explanation afterward   —    " She was warned Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican majority leader She was given an explanation . Ms. Warren , she persisted Ms. Warren   —    instantly became a liberal Ms. Warren cry ,    Ms. Warren as a leading voice of Democratic resistance to Ms. Warren . " What hit me the hardest was , it is about silence , " Ms. Warren told a group of civil rights leaders on Wednesday Ms. Warren Capitol . " It ’s about trying to shut people up . It ’s about saying : ‘ No , no , no . It go ahead and vote . ’ " Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the Democratic leader , said on Wednesday that the censure was " totally , totally   " and Wednesday it reflected an "    attitude " emanating from the White House the censure He and other Democrats said it served to mute legitimate criticism of Mr. Sessions ’s record on the censure was "totally, totally  " and that it reflected an "   attitude" emanating from the White House rights and racial issues   —    one of their main avenues of attack at his contentious nomination hearing last month He and other Democrats The vote on Mr. Sessions He a day after Senate Republicans broke through a bottleneck in Mr. Trump ’s nominees by approving Betsy DeVos , the embattled Republican donor , as education secretary with the help of a tiebreaking vote by Vice President Mike Pence . With Mr. Sessions ’s confirmation , votes are expected in coming days on Mr. Sessions Representative Tom Price of Georgia for secretary of health and human services and Steven T. Mnuchin for Treasury secretary . Mr. Sessions ’s path to confirmation hit another snag that riled Democrats and energized Mr. Sessions his nomination : Mr. Trump ’s dramatic firing of the acting leader of the Justice Mr. Sessions . Last Mr. Sessions Mr. Trump abruptly dismissed Sally Q. Yates , the acting attorney general , setting off a Mr. Sessions from Democrats against Mr. Sessions ’s nomination to fill her job permanently . Ms. Yates , a holdover from the Obama administration , had refused to defend Mr. Trump ’s Sally Q. Yates, the acting attorney general is now tied up in Mr. Sessions courts . Democrats seized on her firing to say that Mr. Sessions is too close to the president to be independent or stand up to him . As the first senator to her Mr. Trump ’s    Mr. Sessions’s president last year , Mr. Sessions became an influential campaign adviser . While Mr. Sessions the president not to be " a mere rubber stamp " for the White House , Democrats asserted that Mr. Sessions’s not be willing to challenge legally questionable policies Mr. Sessions’s the travel ban or the president ’s threats to reinstitute the use of torture on terrorism suspects . The Mr. Sessions’s failed to sway any Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee , which voted , 11 to 9 , along party lines last week to approve Mr. Sessions ’s nomination . Senator Charles E. Grassley , the Iowa Republican who leads the Senate Judiciary Committee , expressed confidence that Mr. Sessions would be a " fair and evenhanded " attorney general Mr. Grassley Senate . " There Mr. Sessions’s no question , " Mr. Grassley said , " that he is more than qualified to be the nation ’s top law enforcement officer . " 
 Mr. Grassley a "fair and evenhanded" attorney general a "fair and evenhanded" attorney general 