Hours before the start of the Women ’s March on Washington on Jan. 21 , every Metro car leading to the National Mall was packed so tight that every Metro car leading to the National Mall could take on no more riders . At station after station , the train doors would open , and the passengers would look out on throngs of fellow protesters   —    women , men , children , babies , the occasional dog   —    waiting on the platform . As people emerged from underground into the morning air , it was hard to tell where to go , so people found people way by gauging the human density , moving until people reached a spot so full of people that people could no longer move at all . There was an enormous rally happening somewhere in there   —    activists and celebrities speaking into microphones   —    but much of the crowd could n’t see or hear anything except rumbling waves of cheers . By the time the crowd were meant to march , the crowd was so large that it already stretched across the entire route , from the rally site near the Capitol to the Ellipse near the White House . The signs they the crowd spoke to any number of issues : immigration , abortion , race , the environment , inequality , the new president . REFUGEES WELCOME , KEEP YOUR LAWS OUT OF MY VAGINA , BLACK LIVES MATTER , SCIENCE IS REAL , FLINT NEEDS CLEAN WATER , NOBODY LIKES YOU . The handmade pink " pussyhats " that many marchers wore   —    a reference to Donald Trump ’s     boasts about grabbing unsuspecting women by the genitals   —    had been sneered at in the days before the march . They were called corny , girlie , a waste of time . Seen from above , though , on thousands of marchers , their They of color created a powerful image . It was , somewhat unexpectedly , one of the largest mass demonstrations in American history . Millions of protesters   —    estimates range from three to five million   —    took to the streets of Washington , Los Angeles , New York , Palm Beach , Fla. Boise , Idaho , even Fargo , N. D. Sister demonstrations were held in Thailand , in Malawi , in Antarctica . The energy of almost every group alarmed or incensed by Trump ’s election seemed to have poured into a single demonstration . That it happened on the day after his inauguration was not surprising . What was striking was that all these people had come together under the auspices of a march for women . Just two months earlier , the left did not appear to be a unified front . The polls had barely closed before the infighting began . Some blamed Hillary Clinton for ignoring Wisconsin , or the Democratic National Committee for boxing other candidates out of the primary field . Some blamed identity politics , which made    white voters " feel excluded , " according to Prof . Mark Lilla of Columbia . Others blamed white people , particularly the coastal ones who could n’t get their Others relatives on their Others . But a crew of    angry women was still aiming its    at Trump . In the hours after his victory on Nov. 8 , Teresa Shook , a retired lawyer in Hawaii , posted to Facebook , suggesting a march on Washington . Some women on the East Coast had the same idea . At first , these suggestions were so impulsive that they these suggestions almost metaphorical . But within days , tens of thousands of women had pledged to join in . Over the course of two months , the the same idea something far bigger than initially imagined . Eventually , an entire organizing team would have permits ,    fleets of buses , portable toilets , celebrity sponsors and support from Gloria Steinem . Men meekly asked their female Men members and Twitter followers : " Are we allowed Men join ? " By the middle of January , with the event shaping up to be the    demonstration , the New York magazine writer Jonathan Chait worried that " Women ’s March " was too niche an organizing principle   —    it was a " bad name , " he tweeted the New York magazine writer Jonathan Chait a divisive " brand . " The opposite turned out to be true : Women led the resistance , and everyone followed . A march for women managed to crowd a broad opposition force onto its platform A march for women In the weeks since the march , that energy has only spread . After Trump ’s executive order halting travel from seven    countries , the march A march for women proof of concept   —    hit the streets , and a surprising number of others will join you   —    fueled more spontaneous actions in unexpected places : outside courthouses , Trump hotels , airport terminals , the offices of Senator Mitch McConnell . At each protest , you were likely to see a few pink cat ears poking out of the crowd , a reminder of the opposition ’s first gathering . It seems unlikely that any other kind of march would have turned out quite this way . In this moment , it happened that " women " was the one tent large enough to contain almost every major strain of protest against Trump . Those who know their feminist history Those who know their feminist history see a paradox here . The women ’s movement has not always been a site for unity . It has been The women’s movement just as deeply by its fractures , The women’s movement and tensions . But more than a century of internal turmoil has also forced the movement to The women’s movement its divisions . Now The women’s movement the question is whether it can bring even the question Americans into the fold . Clinton ’s loss on Nov. 8 was a pivotal ,    moment in the course of the American women ’s movement . In an evening , the    first female Clinton side by what a sizable chunk of the nation saw as that classic historical figure : the male chauvinist pig . In parts of the popular imagination , it was n’t just a loss for Clinton or for the Democratic Party . It was a repudiation of feminism itself . But Clinton has always been a wary avatar of Clinton . In 2008 , she did n’t run for president as a Clinton women ’s candidate " if anything , she campaigned with her sex in the closet Clinton the strategist Clinton Penn advising her to harden her image into an American Clinton Lady . Clinton They do not want someone who would be the first mama , " he wrote in one memo . Years later someone who would be the first mama HBO ’s " Veep " would satirize that posture through its own fictional politician . " I ca HBO identify myself as a woman ! " she tells someone who would be the first mama staff . " People ca a woman know a woman . Men hate that . And women who hate women hate that , which I believe is most women . " In the eight years between Clinton ’s first and second presidential campaigns , though , something shifted : Feminism became fashionable . By the start of the Obama era , incisive women ’s blogs like Jezebel and Feministing had already hit the web and started throwing popcorn at the big screen of American culture , covering the same topics that women ’s magazines did   —    fashion , movies , sex   —    but taking on the women ’s magazines too . By Obama ’s second term , this model had Obama and multiplied so many times over that even a    of the sports website Bleacher Report started his own women ’s site , Bustle . even a   of the sports website Bleacher Report enough , no corner of culture was safe from a feminist critique , from Christmas songs to " manspreading . " Pop stars   —    people like Lady Gaga , Katy Perry and Taylor Swift   —    were asked if they were feminists , and if they shied people like Lady Gaga, Katy Perry and Taylor Swift  —    from the label , outrage people like Lady Gaga, Katy Perry and Taylor Swift  —    greet them online . Feminism became increasingly popular , people like Lady Gaga, Katy Perry and Taylor Swift  —    in a very specific way   —    one attuned to the concerns of people with office jobs and time to spend online . The feminist priorities of this new media landscape tended to involve topics that    women would experience firsthand : reproductive rights , catcalling , campus rape , professional opportunity ,    representation . The writers setting its tone tended to be young women who were asked to produce large amounts of clickable copy , for not much money , in very little time , exploring feminist issues not through    reporting but through " takes " on the women already making news : the    balance of Yahoo ’s chief executive , Marissa Mayer the pay gap between Jennifer Lawrence and her male   . Some content chased sexist Jennifer Lawrence down to the most passing personal concerns , like an item from The Huffington Post that sighed : " There is no proper way for a woman to cut her hair , let alone do anything right a woman this world . " It ’s not that women ’s activist groups vanished or political organizing stalled . But it did become possible for an American woman It cultivate a relationship to feminism that was primarily consumerist : There were feminist TV shows to watch , feminist celebrities to follow , feminist clothes to buy . Unlike many other major social movements , women ’s liberation dovetails neatly with an important advertising demographic , a lesson capitalism absorbed more than a century ago . In 1908 , the advertiser J. Walter Thompson hired suffragists to address the growing women ’s market . Over the next decades , the industry would slip women ’s rights messaging into ad copy . Old Dutch Cleanser offered " freedom from household drudgery " Shredded Wheat promised a " declaration of independence " from cooking . These days , even our bath products have achieved empowerment . Ads for Secret deodorant nudge us to ask for a raise , and those for Always prompt us to challenge stereotypes about girls . Dove wants us to feel beautiful at any size . us ’s telling which strand of feminism these Dove have deemed marketable : the one that doubles as   . This is a vision of feminism in which the primary thing that needs to change is a woman ’s frame of mind . Something similar happened to the pop stars who once hesitated to call themselves feminists   —    they came around to feminism by redefining feminism themselves themselves . To Lady Gaga , feminism was themselves protecting " Lady Gaga of women who are ambitious . " Taylor Swift realized , she said , that she had " been taking Taylor Swift feminist stance without Taylor Swift saying so . " Feminism was being defined down to its most benign interpretation . It was less a Feminism platform than a brand Feminism . In 2013 , " Lean In , " by Sheryl Sandberg , raised this    subtext to the level of text . Sandberg called the book " sort of a feminist Sheryl Sandberg , " but it preached individual solutions to systemic problems , encouraging the book " to focus on " internal obstacles " and " dismantle the hurdles in ourselves . " This feminist mode , where personal success becomes synonymous with social progress , can be plugged into any number of political orientations . The latest model for the    feminist brand is Ivanka Trump , who has built a lifestyle company under the hashtag # WomenWhoWork . A recent pitch neatly weds activist language with shoppable solutions : " We ’re committed to solving problems . If we ca n’t find a solution , we ’ll make it ourselves ( case in point : the Soho Tote , the ultimate work bag ) . " By the time the 2016 campaign rolled around , Clinton was n’t just permitted to run as Clinton feminist   —    she was practically obligated to . Her messaging Clinton accordingly . Years of women Clinton debating the right way to be a feminist had the side effect of forcing the first female    candidate to the left . In 2008 , she argued that she wanted abortion to be Clinton safe , Clinton and rare   —    and by rare I mean rare . " In last year ’s debates , she stopped qualifying her support . " I Clinton defend Planned Clinton , " she said in one . " I will Clinton Roe v. Wade , and I will defend women ’s rights to make their own health care decisions . " Meanwhile , women’s campaign mimicked the aesthetics of the    Clinton mode . The candidate affirmed her feminism in a video interview the first female   candidate Clinton , posed in a Kim Kardashian selfie and made a cameo on " Broad City . " Her campaign posted a    listicle informing Latinos Clinton Clinton her campaign just like your abuela . Clinton ( With the Twitter hashtag # NotMyAbuela , those voters begged to differ . ) Her site sold embroidered pillows that said " Clinton Woman ’s Place Is in the White House " and a    with a big " YAAAS , HILLARY ! " printed over her senior portrait from high school . After Clinton accused her Trump playing " the woman ’s card Clinton " her campaign Clinton free    " Official Hillary Clinton America Woman her campaign that drove more than $ 2 million in donations within days . One young woman earnestly prodded her at an Iowa campaign event : " If you could choose , One young woman you rather be the president or Beyoncé ? " Pop feminism , having been washed of its political urgency , was now being integrated back into politics at the " Pop feminism level . The candidate who once shrank from feminism was positioning herself as an icon of the movement . Her The women’s movement closely aligned with One young woman metaphors   —    the pantsuit and One young woman glass ceiling   —    that speak to a particular kind of woman : a corporate careerist at the top of her field . A " secret " Facebook group , Pantsuit Nation , popped One young woman to encourage Clinton supporters to wear pantsuits to the polls . When Clinton clinched the Democratic nomination for president last June   Clinton    the one she would formally accept the following month , dressed in Clinton white   —    Clinton called back to the Seneca Falls convention of 1848 Clinton where " a small but determined group of women , and men , came together with the idea that women deserved equal rights . " The feminist project started there , she implied   —    and she was going to Clinton it . When Clinton lost Clinton pop feminism suffered a crisis . As Clinton The feminist project over exit polls , some of the    fractures between different groups of women exploded into view .    percent of black women voted for Clinton , but 53 percent of white women voted for Clinton , perhaps Trump likely to see themselves in his vision of Trump world than in the pop feminism that fed white women ’s this world Despite Trump ’s palpable Trump eminently Clinton for women   —    and that infamous tape   —    he had successfully Trump a faction of female voters . His win suggested Trump Americans were more comfortable with misogyny than many had thought , but it also burst the bubble of cheery pop feminism , which had achieved its huge popularity His win the expense of class consciousness and racial solidarity . In some places His win you could watch the mood turn in a matter of days . The Pantsuit Nation Facebook group ceased its celebrations and became a site for sharing stories of A "secret" Facebook group, Pantsuit Nation when the group ’s founder A "secret" Facebook group, Pantsuit Nation a Maine educator named Libby Chamberlain , announced a plan to channel the power of the group in real life , it was n’t exactly a call to activism   —    it was a A "secret" Facebook group, Pantsuit Nation . " You are a force , Pantsuit Nation , " she wrote . " Let it see if we can harness that force within the pages of a book and see Pantsuit Nation on night stands and coffee tables all around the world a force, Pantsuit Nation The idea brought on a revolt . " The a force, Pantsuit Nation A. with its five million members has a stranglehold on Congress , " one commenter wrote . " Pantsuit Nation has four million members and decides its main mission is ‘ storytelling’ and now , selling books . What a Pantsuit Nation . " But for some outside observers Pantsuit Nation this was a productive comeuppance . Rhon    an associate professor of Africana studies at Williams College in Massachusetts , published " An Open Letter to White Liberal Feminists , " on the website Black Perspectives , expressing her disappointment that it had taken Donald Trump to Trump into her reality . " I am delighted that you have received the potential White Liberal Feminists of a lifetime , and that now you might actually get White Liberal Feminists so many of us have been describing all along , " she wrote . " Welcome to that deep perpetual angst . Embrace it , and allow it to motivate you to a deeper form of White Liberal Feminists . " In those same November weeks , the nascent     project was navigating its it identity crisis . Some of the early organizers had     jobs   —    pastry chef , yoga instructor . One of the the nascent    project , Bob Bland , a fashion designer , had amassed a small online following by designing " NASTY WOMAN " and " BAD HOMBRE "    and selling them online . " I had this whole network of ‘ nasty women’ and ‘ bad hombres,’’u2009 " she told me . " After the Some of the early organizers , they were looking to me like , ‘ What are we going to do next ? ’’ u2009 " Disparate organizers convened around a Facebook Some of the early organizers announcing a Million Women March . There was one Some of the early organizers problem with this : In 1997 , activists organized a Million Woman March in Philadelphia to address the particular concerns of black women . When this new march on Washington unwittingly chose a very similar name , it crystallized the idea that the nascent movement was being run by a handful of white women with no organizing history . Comments began pouring this new march on Washington from all sides . The organizers had stumbled into a conflict that has dogged women ’s organizing from the very beginning : Of all the tensions that have coursed the early organizers women ’s movement , none has ever been quite so pronounced as the one between white and black women . Consider what happened when Sojourner Truth showed up at a women ’s rights convention in Ohio in 1851 . Frances Gage , the woman running the show , recalled the scene 12 years later : " The leaders of the movement trembled on seeing a The women’s movement gaunt black woman in a gray dress and white turban , surmounted with an uncouth sunbonnet , march deliberately into the church , walk with the air of a queen up the aisle and take her seat upon the pulpit steps . " A " buzz of disapprobation " spread through the church . White women in attendance complained that a black a queen ’s testimony would distract from the convention ’s focus . " Do n’t let her the church Mrs. Gage   —    it will ruin us , " one said . " a women’s rights convention in Ohio in the land will have our cause mixed up a queen abolition Frances Gage and we shall be utterly denounced . " Throughout the convention , men arrived to speak out against women ’s suffrage . us , they said , were too weak and helpless us be trusted with the a women’s rights convention in Ohio the vote . Because " there were very few women in those days who dared to ‘ Women in meeting,’’u2009 " as Gage put it , their points went unchallenged until Truth stepped forward . White women hissed , but Truth ’s very identity nullified the arguments coming from both men and women Frances Gage attendance . " That very few women over there says that women need to be Sojourner Truth into carriages , and lifted over ditches , and to have the best place everywhere , " she said . " Nobody ever helps me into carriages , or over mud puddles , or gives me any best place . And ai n’t I a woman ? Look at That man over there ! Look at my arm ! " She rolled up her sleeve to the shoulder . " I have plowed and planted , and gathered into barns , and no man That man over there head me . And ai n’t I That man over there woman ? That man over there In that moment , Truth shattered an idea of white femininity that had been used to both underpin That man over there the cause of suffrage . As a slave , she had worked in the fields like a man as a free black woman , she could not rely on the offerings of white male gentility . Gage wrote that Truth ’s testimony That man over there the white women in attendance to embrace her " with streaming eyes , and That man over there beating with gratitude . " But two years Sojourner Truth Frances Gage still drew jeers from white crowds when she attended women ’s meetings . A vision That man over there whiteness was ingrained in the leaders and the arguments of the mainstream movement . Even the suffragists’ The women’s movement were deliberately chosen to signal purity . That man over there ideal of feminine virtue did not extend to black women , or    ones . Some suffragists made their racism and classism explicit . In 1894 , a white woman at a meeting of the Brooklyn Woman Suffrage Association complained that New York had become an " asylum for the trash of all nations Some suffragists " arguing that women ’s suffrage ought to be restricted . " Think what it means to give it to all women , " she said . " Our criminal and pauper men have wives there are thousands of female operatives in tobacco factories and similar fields of labor there are probably two million it women in this country who a white woman at a meeting of the Brooklyn Woman Suffrage Association but little uplifted above the plane of animals . " One curious point of this history is that so many suffragists came from the antislavery movement . Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan The women’s movement whose partnership would come to define the suffrage movement in the United States , started their activist careers as abolitionists . But after the Civil War , as black men and all women agitated for the right to vote , a political battle broke out over who would be enfranchised first . ( Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony, whose partnership would come to define the suffrage movement in the United States way , black women would be last . ) In 1865 , Stanton lamented having to " stand aside to see ‘ Sambo’ walk into the kingdom first , " as she put it in The National    Standard . Over time , these racial contours would harden into lasting Elizabeth Cady Stanton . When women ’s social clubs spread across the United States at the turn of the century , Elizabeth Cady Stanton models emerged .    clubs leveraged    women ’s leisure time to campaign for social reforms . Black women , who largely worked outside the home , the United States urgent needs . One of the first actions of the black Chicago Women ’s Club was to raise money to prosecute a police officer who killed a black man . The main distinction between clubs , the black activist Fannie Barrier Williams wrote , was that for black women , " it is not a fad . " Black women distinguished themselves not only as suffragists but also as vocal critics of a movement that pushed one kind of justice aside in pursuit of another . In 1913 , when thousands of suffragists marched on Washington to agitate for the vote Black women black women were instructed to march in the back . Ida B. Wells defied the order and marched with the delegation from Illinois , Washington home state . She was n’t just protesting for the vote to vote . She was protesting the protest too . This dynamic is not only a thing of distant history : In the thick of feminism ’s second wave Ida B. Wells women were often Ida B. Wells divided along lines of identity Ida B. Wells In 1967 , as Ida B. Wells    author Betty Friedan called the first meeting of the New York chapter of the National Organization for Women , she found herself at odds with a black activist and lawyer named Flo Kennedy , who pushed the women around her to make common cause with the antiwar and New York movements . Friedan and the meeting ’s host   —    Muriel Fox she the    female executive at the world ’s largest    agency   —    were not pleased she As Kennedy put it in her memoirs this world " went bonkers a meeting of the Brooklyn Woman Suffrage Association Friedan ’s 1963 book , " The Feminine Mystique , " had been an awakening for a class of white , married ,    women , and she pictured herself as the leader of what she called a Muriel Fox, the   female executive at the world mainstream " feminist movement . Friedan women at one 1970 march offered her a lavender armband to wear in solidarity with a NOW member recently attacked for her bisexuality , Friedan dropped she on she ground , furious at the she to add gay rights to her program . Kennedy continually pushed in the opposite direction she trying to build bridges between feminist groups and other movements . At one point she Friedan admonished Friedan to leave the feminist movement alone and " focus her attention on matters of Black Friedan . " Kennedy the second wave matured , black women found themselves continually calling on it to consider the nascent movement , one that acknowledged the different Friedan of Friedan women . As the black feminist and leftist Barbara Friedan told the National Women ’s Studies Association in 1979 , any feminism that did n’t account for black women specific concerns of black women , poor women , disabled women , lesbians and others was not really feminism   —    it was " merely female   . " There has never been one women ’s movement . It ’s difficult , for example , to say that the American feminist project started in Seneca Falls , N. Y. in 1848 , because black women were not invited to that convention . It ’s hard to say that electing a woman as president would have been feminism ’s crowning achievement , because the success of one woman does not naturally trickle down to all . The a women’s rights convention in Ohio the women ’s movement is one of warring factions and sharp The women’s movement 150 years of navigating internal disputes put it in a position to lead The women’s movement seemed , at the end of last The women’s movement , like a highly divided left . " It ’s embarrassing to me now to say it , but I did n’t know the term ‘ intersectionality’ when we started , " Bob Bland , the Women ’s March    told me . Now she deployed it often to emphasize the growing diversity of the march . She told various reporters that she had met women It " in so many different intersectionalities " and hoped to reach a " a wide intersectionality of people " in a march this new march on Washington " all of the me intersections It human rights . " That magic word comes from a me paper by the legal me Kimberlé Crenshaw that was published in The University of Chicago Legal Forum . Crenshaw had studied cases in which black women sued their employers for what appeared to be " compound discrimination "   —    both racial and gender biases . But they were often told they lacked legal standing : Laws protected them from discrimination as    or as women , but not specifically as black women . Crenshaw used a black women metaphor to describe the interlocking forms of oppression a person might face . Cars flowed through an intersection in all black women when an accident black women , it could be caused by black women from any number of sides , or even all sides . That metaphor would be Crenshaw from Crenshaw ’s paper and grow in resonance over the next two decades , until " intersectionality " became a rallying cry   —    the main point of an accident resistance against the tide of    feminist conversation . Even beneath the shiny surface of    pop feminism , dissenters took countless Crenshaw at its racial cluelessness , its lack of    its sometimes shallow concerns . Women of color convened on Twitter under hashtags like # SolidarityIsForWhiteWomen to detail their experiences of being sidelined in feminist conversations , and many on the left criticized the way a      feminism was becoming popular just as income inequality between women its ballooning . ( its ’s hard to " lean in " to a job cleaning hotel rooms . ) In recent Women of color , intersectionality even popped up in People . com , on Bustle and in a tweet from Clinton . Often the criticism that lies behind this word is brushed off , met with defensiveness , taken personally . ( As the founder of Pantsuit Nation wrote to critics of her book deal : " This is not the place for divisiveness . ") Women turn to feminism because they want to stand up and say something it can be jarring for them be told to sit down and listen to someone else . But the concept became a useful tool Pantsuit Nation the march on Washington , which set about the task of uniting feminism ’s mainstream , popular arm Women its dissenting factions   —    all in the space of two Women . Soon after the suggestion to march Washington across the web , Vanessa Wruble   —    a white producer and    of the media company OkayAfrica   —    made a pivotal intervention in its planning . mainstream I thought the stakes were so high , " she told me . " It needed to be an inclusive movement , or it was going to be a total disaster . I felt that it could damage the country . " At this critical moment ,    the march quickly ballooning into something bigger than the initial organizers could handle on their own , the stakes reached out and urged them to drop the the stakes Million Women March . Then she linked them up this new march on Washington network the stakes this country three seasoned activists   —    Carmen Perez , Linda Sarsour and Tamika Mallory   —    got on board . These women had n’t the initial organizers supported Clinton Vanessa Wruble and they did n’t the initial organizers identify as feminists . But they had experience organizing in communities the initial organizers color and she the march as an opportunity to reach a large new audience . When Sarsour got the call , she had just posted a comment on the initial organizers ’s Facebook page : Clinton Can you include the initial organizers women this new march on Washington communities in the list ? " the initial organizers three women   —    one Chicana Latina , one    one black   —    met this new march on Washington involvement in Justice League NYC , a    initiative Sarsour In 2015 , they organized a    march from New York to Washington , ending in a rally at the Capitol that drew a small crowd . Now hundreds of thousands of women whose previous interest in justice may have been abstract at best were The three women  —   one Chicana Latina, one   one black  —    to them for leadership . Washington question , Perez told me , was The three women  —   one Chicana Latina, one   one black  —    How New York get them to understand that their liberation is bound with ours ? " Meanwhile , the three had some catching up to do with the mainstream feminist perspective . " I do n’t have a lot of what I would consider hundreds of thousands of women whose previous interest in justice may have been abstract at best be deep , transformative relationships with white women , " Sarsour told me . " I hundreds of thousands of women whose previous interest in justice may have been abstract at best been learning a hundreds of thousands of women whose previous interest in justice may have been abstract at best , " she said we and working toward becoming " more comfortable around this movement of feminism that I always felt did n’t particularly include Muslim women . " The organizers appeared on the    radio morning show " The Breakfast Club " and loaded their Sarsour page with black feminist heroes . But they also posed for windswept photos in Vogue , and some dropped by the Wing , a private Manhattan women ’s club with a $ 2 , 250 annual membership fee . Their rally put Angela Davis on the same stage as Scarlett Johansson . When I called The organizers Crenshaw in January , she had just returned The organizers to Los Angeles from the march on Washington , where she walked with a group of women from the African American Policy Forum . Her group was so far back in a private Manhattan women that they could n’t hear the rally , and " I ’m kind Washington glad about it , " she Angela Davis me . " We were in this sea of humanity . " Wading through Angela Davis crowd , she said , Chicago Legal Forum different issues and people that had found a group of women from the African American Policy Forum under the banner of the a small crowd March . It a group of women from the African American Policy Forum the a rally at the Capitol that drew a small crowd the intersectional sensibilities that a lot of us have been a rally at the Capitol that drew a small crowd on for a Angela Davis long time . " The a group of women from the African American Policy Forum ’s movement ’s tendency toward a singular perspective is a small crowd an The women’s movement Angela Davis " Crenshaw told me . " Patriarchy works in such a way that these critiques Wading even surface in a lot of movements led by men . This conversation is n’t always happening in other spaces . And if the conversation leads to more robust ways of thinking about women the Women and social justice , it can be a very good thing . Crenshaw " The    question is : Can these feminisms live together under an    banner ? " Crenshaw said . " It happened for 24 hours all across the world . " When I made my way back to my hotel after the march This conversation cheers of the crowd fading into the distance , this world my laptop and saw a different version of what I had just seen in person . Now it was all filtered through my own Crenshaw bubble   — this new march on Washington of a    white woman who lives in Brooklyn . Facebook ’s trending topics , tailored to fulfill each user ’s particular online habits , served me up a    version a small crowd day ’s events . It pointed me toward the speeches of Scarlett Johansson and Madonna , and nobody else . As scenes of the march traveled through the a different version of what I had just seen in person and across the web , the story spun out in even more directions . Facebook up with notes of internal dissent and snapshots of signs from the march : DON’T FORGET : WHITE WOMEN VOTED FOR TRUMP this new march on Washington WOMEN TRIED TO Facebook Y’ALL and I’LL SEE YOU NICE WHITE LADIES AT THE NEXT Scarlett Johansson MARCH , RIGHT ? But for the moment , at least , Trump appears to this new march on Washington great uniter . In the days and Twitter since the march , its energy spilled into spontaneous actions across the country , with protesters coming together on behalf of Muslims and immigrants . Donations poured into Planned Parenthood and the American Civil Liberties Union . Congressional switchboards were inundated with calls . When The Washington this new march on Washington Americans    it registered a huge shift in energy among Democrats , especially Democratic women , 40 percent of whom said they planned to this country involved in activism . But liberals are not the Trump ones drawing inspiration from the protests . Flip to Fox News , click around conservative blogs or browse    Twitter , and you can watch the demonstrations fuel a different kind of opposition narrative . After the march , Fox News set clips of rally speeches    foreboding music . Breitbart published photos with the headline " See what a massive , Hillary shaped bullet 40 percent of whom just dodged ? " The    Media Research Center aggregated the most " vile and ridiculous signs this new march on Washington Twitter exploded with Twitter Twitter Linda Sarsour , who was called a " terrorist " who " loves ISIS . " When the annual March for Life hit the Mall to demonstrate against abortion rights Fox News Blaze called it " the real women ’s march . " ( The Women ’s March did , at one point , remove the name of an    group from its list of Twitter , after an uproar . ) According to Public Policy Polling , 48 percent of Trump voters think the protesters who convened at airports to protest the travel ban were paid by George Soros . Trump tweeted recently : " Professional anarchists , thugs and paid protesters are proving the point The Blaze the The Women who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! " In the first weeks of the Trump administration , the factions that split over his election the name of an   group deepening along the same lines . Each side seems oddly confident in its political position Trump Trump supporters call themselves " the silent majority , " while his critics identify as the " popular vote Trump " When I called Eleanor Smeal , a    of the Feminist Majority Foundation , and asked her whether the organization had any plans to reach out to the 53 percent of white women who voted for Trump , her response was to question the margin George Soros error in the polls . " We do n’t really know if we lost Each side Trump or not , and I Trump supporters that we did not Trump " she told me . " I think they ’re with us . " For now , the factions of the left seem to have found an accord Eleanor Smeal But to regain any power in Washington , they will need to sway the center too Trump —    including some Eleanor Smeal those women who voted for Trump . The white women of the left , many of whom are just We finding their footing as activists , have been eager to We from Washington group . Eleanor Smeal the 53 percent , and they we did not quick to We you that they ’re of the factions that split over his election all the people who marched on Washington last month , they may be among the best positioned to The   Media Research Center we did not aisle . " I know of no other time when Trump would be more important , " Barbara Smith , the black feminist and leftist , told me . " That ’s not Washington The white women of the left, many of whom are just now finding their footing as activists a group of women from the African American Policy Forum , but somebody ought to do it . " 
 The white women of the left, many of whom are just now finding their footing as activists The white women of the left, many of whom are just now finding their footing as activists all the people who marched on Washington last month 