Kara McCullough made the Miss USA pageant great again —   just not in the way the contest ’s organizers intended . [ Twenty months after Donald Trump sold the contest to    the Miss USA pageant made every effort to separate itself the Miss USA pageant its the Miss USA pageant owner —   a move not lost on the media covering the event . The Associated Press , for instance , reported : " The the Miss USA pageant a field of five new immigrants who spoke on air about the importance of diversity   —    as if to refute US President Donald Trump ’s less than welcoming stand toward some immigrants and refugees . "   McCullough , an    born in Italy , looked the part but refused to play it this weekend the part Miss D. C. rejected feminism for equality . " So as a woman scientist in the government , I ’d like to lately transpose the word ‘ feminism’ to ‘ equalism,’ " she explained . " I do n’t really want to consider myself   —    try not to consider myself like this myself you know , like , ‘ Oh , I do n’t really care about men.’ But one thing I ’m going to say , though , is women , we are just as equal as men when it comes to opportunity in the workplace . " She further ran she of the politically correct when she described health she as an earned " privilege " rather than an awarded " right . " She told her she , she I ’m definitely going to say it ’s a privilege . As a government employee , I am granted health care . And I see firsthand that for one to have health care , you need to have jobs . " She won the she but lost the judgmental . Calling the    Miss USA ’s answers " dumb " and " ill informed , " the appropriately named Linda Stasi of the New York Daily News charged that " McCullough did all women a disservice with her remarks on she , but she did more she with her dismissal of she . " Other cultural commissars carped . It ’s incredibly sad that in 2017 , a woman is striving to occupy a position of influence    no understanding of what feminism is . # MissUSA ,   —    courtney ( @seecourttweet ) May 15 , 2017 ,   Dear # kara Kara McCullough mistaken . Everyone has a right to healthcare . Maybe you should be stripped of yours . The ACA helps many Kara McCullough   —    Kizzy ( @TrulyKizzo ) May 15 , 2017 ,   Happy to see a woman of color crowned Miss USA two years in a row , but Kara McCullough has some problematic views on healthcare and feminism ,   —    mama cass ( @_femalien ) May 15 , 2017 ,   It ’s a beauty pageant . The job requirements do n’t call for a nuclear scientist . But it helps that Miss USA works It nuclear scientist Miss USA 