Counselor to President Donald Trump Kellyanne Conway and Baltimore Ravens tight end Benjamin Watson are among the speakers scheduled for the 2017 March for Life Friday on the national mall in Washington , D. C.[The March for Life released its list of speakers :   Kellyanne Conway , the highest ranking White House official to ever speak at the 2017 March for Life , will now be joined by Senator Joni Ernst ( ) Representative Mia Love ( ) and Representative Chris Smith ( ) along with many other prominent    figures   —    including Archbishop of New York Cardinal Timothy Dolan , Baltimore Ravens tight end Benjamin Watson , former Planned Parenthood Director and founder of ‘ And Then There Were None’ Abby Johnson , Mexican Telenovela star Karyme Lozano , author and radio host Eric Metaxas , and Bishop Vincent Matthews of the Church of God in Christ , who advocates for adoption in the    community . The March for Life announced a surprise VIP guest at the rally as well . " I ’m delighted to welcome a remarkable    of rally speakers for what will truly be a historic 44th annual March for Life , " said Jeanne Mancini " Each of our speakers exemplifies this year ’s theme , ‘ the power of one’ in a beautiful way , " noted Mancini . " Their words are sure to motivate the marchers , as well as the millions of    Americans who will be watching , who dedicate themselves to restoring a culture of life Their the United States . " Conway is a longstanding    advocate , and Watson last year discussed the disproportionately high number of black babies aborted at clinics such as Planned Parenthood , the nation ’s largest abortion provider . A devout Christian , Watson told TurningPointFriends . org as Planned Watson celebrated its centennial anniversary , Planned Parenthood do know org as Planned Parenthood blacks kind of represent a large portion of the abortions , and I do know that honestly the whole idea with Planned Parenthood and [ founder Margaret ] Sanger Planned Parenthood past was to exterminate blacks , and it ’s kind of ironic that it ’s working . " The March for Life it the world ’s largest    demonstration and each year draws tens of thousands of Americans from across the nation . The rally will begin at 11:45 a. m. EST and the march will start at 1:00 p. m. EST . The March for Life will begin on the grounds The March for Life and end in front of the U. S. Supreme Court . 
 