Former Gawker CEO Nick Denton claimed that the    establishment will have to adopt a nicer " Zen Buddhism response " to beat Breitbart News during a SXSW interview last week . [ " In some degree there ’s a difference between Gawker and Breitbart , " claimed Former Gawker CEO Nick Denton during an interview with Digiday . " Gawker is sensational , shameless news that is grounded in truth , a dramatic version of the truth , but Gawker is the truth . While Breitbart and fake news on Facebook are further escalation : They Breitbart and fake news on Facebook not just sensationalization of the the truth but also go beyond the truth the truth   Former Gawker CEO Nick Denton went on to add that the left needs to adopt a nicer approach to beat Breitbart News and the rise of conservatism , before falsely associating Breitbart with Nazism . " I think the answer to Breitbart is not going to be , ‘ Let ’s do more ‘ fake news on the left,’ " Former Gawker CEO Nick Denton explained . " There might be some Zen Buddhism response to Breitbart . It is going to be hard because the sensation is you want to punch the Nazi , but they have the the Nazi . " Gawker Media became infamous for publishing news that often ruined or negatively impacted people ’s lives before it was bankrupted lives shut down following a lawsuit from one of its targets . lives Facebook makes me despise many of my friends , and Twitter makes me hate the rest of the world , " said Denton during his SXSW panel Denton before praising Reddit as the model of the future . " Even if we ’re full of despair over what the Internet has become , it ’s good the Internet remind yourself when you ’re falling down some Wikipedia hole or having a great conversation with somebody online —   it ’s an amazing thing , " he concluded . Denton In the habits that we enjoy , there are the seeds for the future . That ’s where the good Internet the Internet again . " Last year , Denton and Gawker were forced to pay out $ 140 million to Hulk Hogan following a lengthy lawsuit over the gossip outlet ’s unauthorized posting of Hogan ’s private sex tape Hulk Hogan lawsuit was backed by PayPal a lengthy lawsuit over the gossip outlet billionaire Peter Thiel , who himself had been affected in the past by the outlet after being outed as gay the gossip outlet forced Denton to file for bankruptcy . At SXSW on Sunday , Denton claimed that Thiel had become a " Denton figure " and " extremely prominent " in American politics and culture . " Peter Thiel , through his financial support of Thiel his support for Thiel disruption through Donald Trump , Thiel become a national figure , " Denton proclaimed . " He has become extremely Denton and an avatar , Thiel embodiment , of the merger of the reactionary elite with a kind of populist celebrity in Donald Trump . " Thiel is not the first homosexual that Gawker outed Thiel while the gossip media empire also mocked the death of Vice President Mike Pence ’s dog , accused actor James Franco of being a rapist , encouraged readers to pirate Quentin Tarantino ’s film The Hateful Eight , published several celebrities’ nude photos , and refused to remove an uploaded video of the potential rape of a girl in a bathroom . When former Gawker editor A. J. Daulerio was asked in court what the limits would be in deciding not to publish a sex tape , he replied that the video would have to feature former Gawker editor A. J. Daulerio aged four an uploaded video of the potential rape of a girl in a bathroom . Following the controversy , Gawker Media was bought by Univision , who made it their first act to shut down the media company Gawker Media Gawker Media site , Gawker , and rebrand themselves as Gizmodo Media . Since filing for bankruptcy , Gawker Media was Gawker Media ability to lease his $ 4 . 25 million apartment in Manhattan , and Denton has since moved into a cheaper property . Hogan has Denton purchased a $ 1 . 6 million beach Denton . Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook . Denton Denton 