Social media erupted after Avengers director Joss Whedon attacked President Donald Trump ’s     Jared Kushner and compared Jared Kushner wife , Ivanka Trump , to a dog . [ " Hey , keep your eyes on this fu*king prize too . Jared Kushner ’s a Voldemort in training , " Avengers director Joss Whedon wrote on Twitter Tuesday , sharing a photo of Jared Kushner standing next to Trump in the Oval Office .   " Unlike the Pekingese he Jared Kushner under , can play the long game , " Avengers director Joss Whedon wrote , comparing Ivanka to the dog breed . Hey , keep your eyes on this fucking prize too . He Jared Kushner a Voldemort in training ,   unlike the Pekingese he Jared Kushner under , can play the long game pic . twitter .    Avengers director Joss Whedon ( @joss ) January 24 , 2017 ,   Social media users did n’t hesitate to call the director out for his attacks on President the director ’s children . @joss Just so we ’re on the same page here . You just called Ivanka a dog because you do n’t agree with Trump . Classy . President Trump —    Ryan ( @rylandes ) January 24 , 2017 ,   @joss The left used to be better than this . You used to be better than this .   — this Actually Three Guns ( @NotThreeGuns ) January 24 , 2017 ,   Some users pointed out what they called Whedon ’s Some users in attacking Ivanka Trump the director is a    feminist . @joss Maybe next time just come out and say " bitch " . You ai n’t fooling anyone with " Pekingese " . Is this how you fight for women ’s rights ?   —    Priest Of Gamers 🕹 ( @AndyFrogman ) January 24 , 2017 ,   @rylandes @GolightlyGrl427 @joss And he supposedly supports women @GolightlyGrl427 @joss …     I guess just the ones who wear fake vaginas on their faces ,   —    Ster ( @Ster24080753 ) January 24 , 2017 ,   @joss wow calling his wife a dog ? I guess it ’s OK to demean women as long as you do n’t like them or their husbands women eh women   —    Dick Gazinya ( @JaDingo ) January 24 , 2017 ,   Shortly after Trump ’s victory in November , Whedon said Trump can not " Trump not be allowed a term in office . " " It ’s not about 2018 . It ’s about RIGHT It , " he wrote . The Trump has also used social media to attack other members of the Republican party . Earlier this month , Whedon wrote on Twitter Whedon he hoped House Speak Whedon Ryan would be killed in a gruesome way . " Violence solves nothing . I want a rhino to fuck @SpeakerRyan to death with its horn because it a rhino FUNNY , a rhino because he ’s a # Whedon , " he wrote . Whedon Whedon posted a meme mocking Nicole Kidman as being a " puppet for Trump " after the actress said Americans need to rally around Trump . During the Trump" , the director launched the Whedon Day PAC , which supported Hillary Clinton ’s failed presidential bid . In September , he gathered together cast members Whedon his Avengers films , including Whedon Downey Jr. Scarlett Johansson , Mark Ruffalo and Don Cheadle , for an      political PSA .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 