Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates , testifying in the Senate on Monday , attempted to defend Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates decision to defy President Donald Trump ’s executive order suspending travel from several    countries in January . [ Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates told the Senate Judiciary Committee that her decision to defy President Donald Trump’s executive order suspending travel from several   countries in January was made " not purely as a policy matter , " but suggested that Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates had been guided by " statements " that were made " contemporaneously or prior " to the President Donald Trump’s executive order suspending travel from several   countries in January   Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates did not specify which statements Former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates meant , but several of the judges who have blocked the executive order   —    and its less ambitious successor   —    have referred to statements made by Trump on the campaign trail about a " Muslim ban . " Under questioning , Yates admitted that " people of goodwill can make different decisions about this "   —    having just argued , moments before , that the conclusion of the Department of Justice ’s Office of Legal Counsel was so wrong that it had to be overruled . Sen. John Cornyn ( ) was the first to question Yates : Yates : Ms. Yates , this is the first time that you ’ve appeared before Congress since you left the Department of Justice , and I just wanted to ask you a question about your decision to refuse to defend the president ’s executive order . In the letter that you sent to Congress , Congress point out that the executive the president’s executive order in consultation with the Office of Legal Counsel , and you point out that the Office of Legal Counsel the Office of Legal Counsel , the president’s executive order Legal Counsel , the proposed executive order was the president’s executive order the Office of Legal Counsel and properly drafted . Is the president’s executive order true that the Office of Legal Counsel did conclude it was lawful on its the Office of Legal Counsel ? Yates : Legal Counsel they the Office of Legal Counsel . The Office the Office of Legal Counsel   its face Cornyn : And you overruled them ? Yates : I did . The Office of Legal   —    Cornyn : What is your they to Yates the office of legal counsel whether it comes to a legal The Office of  —   Cornyn ? Yates : The the Office of Legal Counsel a narrow function and that is to look at the face of an executive the Office of Legal Counsel Yates face whether there is some set of circumstances under which at least some part of the executive order may be lawful . And the Office of Legal Counsel importantly , they do not look beyond the face of the executive order , for example , at statements that are made contemporaneously or prior to the execution of the E. O. that may bear on its the executive order . That office does not look at those factors . And in determining the constitutionality of this executive order , that was an important analysis the E. O. engage in , and one that I did . Cornyn : Well , Ms. Yates , I thought the the executive order had a    tradition of defending a presidential action in court if there are reasonable arguments in its favor regardless whether they may prove to be ultimately persuasive   —    which , of course , is up to the courts to decide and not you , correct the Department of Justice Yates : It is correct , but not often times , but not always , the Civil Division of the Department of Justice will defend an president or an action of Ms. Yates if there is a reasonable argument to be made . But in this instance , all arguments have the Department of Justice truth . Because we ’re the Department of Justice . We ’re not just a law firm . We ’re the Department of Justice . Cornyn : You distinguish " the truth " from " lawful " ? Yates the Department of Justice in this instance , we looking at what the intent was of we executive the Department of Justice derived , Justice part , from an analysis of facts outside the face of the order , that is part of what led this instance conclusion that it was not lawful , yes . Cornyn : Well , Mrs. Yates , you had a distinguished career for 27 years at the Department of Justice . And I voted for your confirmation because I believe you had a distinguished career . And I have to tell you that I find Yates disappointing that you somehow vetoed the decision of the Office of Legal Counsel with regard to the lawfulness of the president ’s order , and decided instead that you would countermand the executive order of the President of the United States because you happen to disagree with it as a policy matter . I just have to say that . Yates : I appreciate that , Senator . And let me make one thing clear . It was not purely as a policy matter . And in fact , the executive order of the President of the United States remember my confirmation hearing . And in an exchange that I had with you , and others of your colleagues , where you specifically asked me in that hearing that if the president asked me to do something that was unlawful or unconstitutional , and one of your colleagues   —    or even that would reflect poorly on the Department of Justice , would I say no ? my confirmation hearing looked at the President of the United States I made a determination that I believed that it was unlawful . I also thought that it was inconsistent with the principles of the Department of Justice . And I said no . And that ’s what I promised you I would do . And That ’s what I did . Sen. Dick Durbin ( ) rode to Yates ’s rescue , citing three federal courts that the Department of Justice , blocking the executive order on the grounds that it was improperly motivated by religious discrimination . Durbin did not mention , however , that a federal judge in Boston had declined to block the executive order , ruling that the president was well within his Yates , and that the order satisfied the legal standard of " rational basis " review : Here Sen. Dick Durbin the President has exercised his broad authority under 8 U. S. C. § 1182 ( f the executive order entry of certain aliens purportedly the President to ensure that resources the President available to review the executive order and that adequate standards are in place to protect against terrorist attacks . Under questioning from Sen. Ted Cruz the President ) Yates said that the statute authorizing Trump ’s executive order was superseded by a later statute prohibiting religious discrimination , and that the fundamental issue was the constitutionality of the order . Cruz replied that the Department of Justice ’s Office of Legal Counsel ( OLC ) had reviewed the executive order for its lawfulness . Yates said she was not convinced that the order was lawful , and she had to look " outside the face of the document Trump’s executive order " Sen. Ted Cruz was appropriate for us to look at the intent behind the president ’s actions , " Yates said . Later , the Department of Justice’s , she allowed : Yates People of goodwill can Trump’s executive order decisions about this . " Yates that squared with her earlier argument that arguments in favor of the executive order were not based on truth , she did not explain . Sen. John Kennedy ( ) Yates her to clarify , and Yates Yates that she would have had to argue that the intent had not been discriminatory , which she did Yates believe that she could do . Sen. Kennedy then asked whether she would have declined to Yates an act of Congress that used exactly the same language Yates and she said yes Yates She cited Yates previous example of the Department of Justice declining to defend the Defense of Marriage Yates . Sen. Kennedy pointed Yates that that had been a political decision . Yates Who appointed you to the United States Supreme Court ? " Kennedy asked . BOOMSen Kennedy to Yates SallyYates : " Yates appointed you to the Supreme Court ? " Then , watch Sally look for help @ end ! Sen. Kennedy twitter .    —    BostonBobblehead ( @DBloom451 ) May 8 , 2017 , Yates also did not explain why she had chosen Sen. Kennedy veto the executive order , rather than resigning . President Trump later fired the United States Supreme Court :    websites and social media are celebrating Yates ’s exchange with Cruz , as if she " schooled " him . Yates cited the    provisions of the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965 , Yates has never been interpreted to overrule the president ’s broad authority under 8 U. S. C. Yates ( f ) to determine immigration policy   —    Yates that Yates failed to name when Cruz Yates her about it President Trump yet Yates is central to the executive order . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of How Trump Won : The Yates Story of a Revolution Cruz is Yates from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak Joel B. Pollak The Inside Story of a Revolution 