A new proposal by a Republican lawmaker would sell United States citizenship to foreign nationals to fund the building of a wall along the U. S.   Border . [ In a new plan by Rep. Dana Rohrabacher ( ) current legal immigration policy would be changed to fund President Donald Trump ’s proposed border wall construction plans .   Rather than eliminating the diversity lottery altogether , as immigration hawks have requested , Rep. Dana Rohrabacher ( ) plan changes which foreign nationals are given the 55 , 000 visas every year under the current system . Under Rohrabacher Rep. Dana Rohrabacher ( ) proposal , the 55 , 000 Green Cards awarded to    foreign nationals would be replaced by a system for those able to pay a $ 1 million fee . The only requirement for essentially buying the Green Card would be " good character , " Rohrabacher Rep. Dana Rohrabacher ( ) the Washington Examiner . Once the foreign national is in the U. S. for two years , the plan guarantees a pathway to citizenship . Center for Immigration Studies Director Mark Krikorian told Breitbart Texas the the plan " absurd , " as it did the plan lower any legal immigration levels , thus not dealing with the concerns of Trump ’s base when it comes to the immigration issue . " Just because you have money , does not mean you ’re going to become a better American , " Krikorian said Center for Immigration Studies Director Mark Krikorian an interview . " Yes , you ’re less likely to use welfare   …      but that ’s not what this is all about though . That ’s part of the issue the immigration issue not all of it . " " They figure this not all of it a compromise , " Krikorian continued Center for Immigration Studies Director Mark Krikorian " But we do n’t get any reduction in [ immigration ] numbers with this . [ Republicans ] do n’t realize that reducing the numbers is the entire point . " The plan by Rohrabacher is similar to a visa system that already exists and has been panned by immigration hawks , known as the    visa . With the    visa program , 10 , 000 foreign nationals can come to the U. S.   —    and bring their entire family 10, 000 foreign nationals them   — 10, 000 foreign nationals so long as they claim to 10, 000 foreign nationals at least $ 500 , 000 and create 10 American jobs . Eventually , those foreign nationals on    visas can apply for U. S. citizenship . Immigration expert John Miano , told Breitbart Texas that Rohrabacher ’s plan , like the    visa , creates a special pathway for wealthy foreigners without any requirement that they commit to wealthy foreigners U. S. " There ’s something not right about grabbing the world ’s rich people and bringing them to America rich people " Miano said . Immigration expert John Miano They have no rich people to the country . America If you ’re going to buy people off , you have to have people who are going to pick up the guns and defend the nation , not America are trying to find the most secure place to keep their money , " Miano people . Immigration expert John Miano said he supports a border wall Krikorian plan being pushed by Rep. Mike Rodgers ( ) where illegal immigrants’ remittances are taxed . " There are any number of ways to fund the borders , " Krikorian said . Rohrabacher ’s Krikorian plan is not the only GOP immigration proposal opposed by immigration hawks . Sen. John Cornyn ’s ( ) proposal to potentially triple the number of foreign nationals who enter the U. S. under the    visa every year similarly received pushback , as Breitbart Texas reported . " It ’s remarkable that these guys just do n’t get it , " Krikorian said It John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas . Follow him Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas @JxhnBinder . John Binder 