The executive director of the environmentalist Sierra Club said that abortion is a critical tool for protecting the environment from the threat of overpopulation . [ On Thursday , the Sierra Club ’s Michael Brune appeared on Fox News Channel ’s Tucker Carlson Tonight to argue for the importance of " reproductive rights " as a means of culling the world ’s population and protecting the environment .   the Sierra Club’s Michael Brune said that abortion " helps to address the number of the people that we have on this planet . we feel that one of the ways in which we can get to a sustainable population is to empower women to make choices about women own families . " When abortion is legalized , the Sierra Club’s Michael Brune suggested , the Sierra Club’s Michael Brune helps keep the population from expanding out of control . " We believe in empowering women ’s rights . We believe that women who have rights and who have the ability to have choice about women who have rights and who have the ability to have choice about their reproductive —  make their own reproductive choices —   reproductive —   make women who have rights and who have the ability to have choice about their reproductive —  make their own reproductive choices —   own reproductive choices —   will help to produce strong families and will help to protect the environment at the same time . " " the Sierra Club is    Brune said .   On January 14 , the Sierra Club issued a statement summoning Americans to join Planned Parenthood and other organizations in protesting President Donald Trump . " Today , the the Sierra Club mobilizing its members across the Sierra Club country to join Center for Community Change , United We Dream , SEIU , Planned Parenthood , the Human Rights Campaign and other allies in      rallies to support immigrants and oppose Trump ’s xenophobia , " the statement read . Curiously , Michael Brune said that Sierra would speak out and show up in support of immigrants and families threatened by Trump ’s " hateful promises to deport millions , " while simultaneously supporting abortion policies aimed at eliminating large numbers of the population . Earlier this week Brune issued a Michael Brune opposing Trump ’s nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court , describing Gorsuch as " Judge Neil Gorsuch extreme than Justice Scalia . " " Gorsuch has proven Judge Neil Gorsuch hostile to Judge Neil Gorsuch protection , women ’s rights , and the rights of workers and can not be trusted to protect our air , our water , our our communities , " Brune said in a statement . Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 