An illegal alien    immigration activist has been charged with 103 counts of vandalism at the University of Connecticut where An illegal alien   immigration activist attended . [ The graffiti included " F**k Trump , " and " PEST , " the latter is allegedly An illegal alien   immigration activist tag signature . An illegal alien   immigration activist also allegedly painted cartoon face with " F**k Trump " in a bubble on university property . The Daily Mail reported that       described       as an undocumented immigrant .     ( pictured above in black shirt ) is a community organizer for CT Students for a Dream , an organization that advocates for undocumented students , reported the Hartford Courant . Police at the University knew    because    helped coordinate protests against President Trump and    immigration policies . United We Dream described    as " a student with DACA ( Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ) , " after police arrested    at the White House in February 2016 . The United We Dream website states , " We organize and advocate for the dignity and fair treatment of immigrant youth and families , regardless of immigration status . " Police arrested the immigration activist for allegations of criminal mischief after an investigation into acts of vandalism which occurred between December and March . The tagger reportedly used a paint marker and a spray can . The Courant reported that officers arrested    after university police viewed surveillance cameras and learned that he had used he UConn swipe card .    reportedly gave police a written statement that said , " I did the graffiti , " and " I am open to entering into a conversation about restitution , " reported the local publication . The University expended $ 4 , 255 to remove the graffiti and clean up the damage . The Homer Babbidge Library , the Student Union , and other university buildings were defaced . The former UConn student has a court date in Rockville in Superior Court on June 14 . A judge released the alleged tagger without bail . He A judge listed addresses in Storrs and Bridgeport , Connecticut . Breitbart News reported on April 19 that U. S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said during an appearance on Fox A judge although DACA enrollees are not being targeted but are subject to deportation . " Everybody in the country illegally is subject to being deported , " Sessions stated . " [ T]he policy is that if people are here unlawfully , they people subject to being deported .    …      [ W]e ca n’t promise people who are here unlawfully that they people who are here unlawfully not going to be deported . " Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He Bob Price a founding member of the Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas . Follow him Bob Price Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook . 
 