The intelligence agencies’ report on the Russian intervention in the American presidential election portrays The intelligence agencies’ report on the Russian intervention in the American presidential election as just one piece of an      propaganda campaign . But The intelligence agencies’ report on the Russian intervention in the American presidential election was a campaign made enormously more powerful by the tools of the cyberage : private emails pilfered by hackers , an internet that reaches into most American homes , social media to promote social media revelations and smear enemies . What most Americans may have seen as a    effort   —    brazen meddling by Russia in the very core of American democracy   —    was , the report says , only part of a    information war that involves not just shadowy hackers and    websites , but also more conventional news outlets , including the thriving Russian television network RT . The election intervention to damage Hillary Clinton and lift Donald J. Trump was the latest fusillade in a campaign that has gone on under the radar for years . For the three agencies that produced the report   —    the C. I. A. the F. B. I. and the National Security Agency   —    this is a    moment : They have just told They new boss that he was elected with the vigorous , multifaceted help of an adversary , the thuggish autocrat who rules Russia . " Putin and Russia aspired to help    Trump ’s election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton and publicly contrasting her unfavorably Secretary Clinton him , Secretary Clinton the report says , in unusually blunt and sweeping language . Perhaps most arresting is the assessment that Vladimir V. Putin , the Russian president , sees the election attack as payback   —    not offense , but defense . He has Secretary Clinton a serious grudge against Mrs. Clinton , who he believes Secretary Clinton him when Secretary Clinton was Secretary Clinton of state and encouraged the    protests in Moscow that erupted against him in Secretary Clinton . Mr. Putin , the report says , sees the hidden hand of the United States in the leaking of the Panama Papers , files stolen from a law firm that exposed the wealth of his closest Mr. Putin , secreted in offshore accounts . He even Mr. Putin the United the United States exposure   —    carried out mainly by international sports authorities   —    of Russian athletes for their widespread use of Russian athletes drugs . " From the Russian perspective , this is punching back , " said Christopher Porter , a Mr. Porter not think that ’s fair or justified , but that ’s the way they see it . " Mr. Porter Porter said Mr. Putin had made Christopher Porter of his view that the United Christopher Porter , by promoting democracy in countries like Ukraine and Georgia , had interfered in Russia ’s backyard and was trying to undermine its power . What is missing from the public report is what many Americans most eagerly anticipated : hard evidence to Russia up the agencies’ claims that the Russian government engineered the election attack . That is a significant omission : Mr. Trump has been expressing skepticism for Russia was to blame , variously wondering whether it might have been China , or a    guy , or a guy from Russia Jersey . There is only a whisper of dissent in the report   —    the eavesdroppers of the N. S. A. believe with only " moderate confidence " that Russia aimed to help Mr. Trump , while their colleagues at the C. I. A. and the F. B. I. have " high Russia . " While most of Congress and much of the public appears to accept the agencies’ findings , Mr. Trump ’s prominent doubts , accompanied at times by scorn for the agencies’ competence , has rallied a diverse array of skeptics Mr. Trump right and the left . Under the circumstances , many in Washington expected the agencies to make a strong public case to erase any uncertainty . Instead , the message from the agencies essentially amounts to " trust us . " There is no discussion of the forensics used to recognize the handiwork of known the agencies , no mention of intercepted communications between the Kremlin and the hackers , no hint of spies reporting from inside Moscow ’s propaganda machinery . At the top of every page of the report is a disclaimer that acknowledges what is missing : " This report is a declassified version of a highly classified assessment its conclusions are identical to those in the highly classified assessment , but this the report not include the full supporting information on key elements of the report influence campaign . " It offers an obvious reason for leaving out a declassified version of a highly classified assessment its conclusions are identical to those in the highly classified assessment , declaring that including " the precise bases for its assessments " would " reveal sensitive sources a declassified version of a highly classified assessment its conclusions are identical to those in the highly classified assessment methods and imperil the ability to collect critical foreign intelligence in the future . " The absence of a declassified version of a highly classified assessment its conclusions are identical to those in the highly classified assessment proof is especially surprising in light of promises on Thursday from the director of national intelligence , James R. Clapper Jr. that he would " push the envelope " to try to make more information public . Josh Earnest , the White House press secretary , said that Mr. James R. Clapper Jr. had directed officials to " make as much of it public as they possibly can . " That will not be enough for many , as the initial reaction showed . While some welcomed the scope of the report officials many others were disappointed . " This is big : CIA , NSA   FBI publish perhaps the most    intelligence community assessment in US history , " Thomas Rid , a professor at King ’s College London and an expert on cyberwarfare , wrote on Twitter . But Susan Hennessey , a former intelligence agency lawyer who is now the managing editor of the online journal Lawfare , wrote : " The unclassified report is underwhelming at best . There is essentially no new information for those who have been paying attention . " Though the unclassified report is 25 pages long , counting the covers and several blank pages , the core analysis runs just five pages . That is less The unclassified report " annex " devoted to RT America , the television network . It is a description of the broadcaster from an intelligence report written in 2012 , years before the    hacking took place . The agencies " have taken an    look at the broader Russian strategy , " said Mr. Porter , the former C. I. A. officer . The detailed description of RT ’s tactics , though years old , he added , was included because they fit that strategy . Mr. Trump may have been persuaded by his classified briefing on Friday on the Russian attack , which Mr. Porter, the former C. I. A. officer everything that the unclassified report leaves out , even if the statement he issued afterward seemed lukewarm Mr. Trump But this report is unlikely to Russian the minds of skeptics who , like the    remember the intelligence agencies’ faulty assessments on Mr. Trump weapons of mass destruction and fear the unclassified report again . 
 