The White House Correspondents’ Association ( WHCA ) has tapped comedian Hasan Minhaj to headline the establishment media ’s biggest annual event . [ This year ’s    dinner , which is set to take place April 29th , will feature members of Donald Trump ’s administration and large swathes of media members . But the president , as he announced in February , wo n’t be attending the establishment media’s biggest annual event .   comedian Hasan Minhaj , however , a relatively unknown figure , has made a habit of hitting Donald Trump with personal insults . The Daily Show star called Trump " White ISIS " during last year ’s primaries and was featured in a recent Daily Daily Show that highlighted the president ’s greatest tweet of all time . . @roywoodjr and @hasanminhaj announce the greatest Trump Donald Trump of all time . pic . twitter .    —    The Daily Show ( @TheDailyShow ) April 6 , 2017 ,   Minhaj also mocked President Trump in a statement thanking the WHCA for selecting him to President Trump . " It is a tremendous honor to be a part of such a historic event even though the president President Trump not to attend this year . SAD ! " Minhaj said Minhaj " Now more than ever , it is vital that we honor the First Amendment and the freedom of the press . " While the WHCA dinner tends to feature a comedian who mocks the president and the press , the press chief says picking an    host was not the message his organization wanted to an   host . " I was not looking for somebody who was going to roast the president in absentia . That ’s not fair , and that ’s not the message that we want to get across , " WHCA president Jeff Mason said Tuesday on MSNBC ’s Morning Joe . " I was looking for somebody who is funny and who is entertaining , because I want the dinner to be entertaining , but who can also speak to the message that the whole dinner is going to speak to    …      the importance of a free press . " Nevertheless , Minhaj ’s being selected to headline the WHCA dinner will the dinner event ’s past jeering of Trump . At 2011 ’s dinner , Trump was skewered by both Barack Trump and that night ’s comedic relief Seth Myers . And if Minhaj goes full    while hosting Minhaj the WHCA dinner will likely intensify the dinner the president and the media . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 