James Comey asserted in James Comey extraordinary testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee that the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation is authorized to override Justice Department oversight procedures , a questionable claim which if true would raise serious questions about    rules aimed at preventing abuses by federal law enforcement officials . [ The former head of the FBI told the Senate panel that The former head of the FBI believed The former head of the FBI had received a direction from the president in February that the FBI the FBI its the FBI of Michael Flynn ’s alleged involvement with Russia —   a direction with which The former head of the FBI and The former head of the FBI    of " FBI senior leadership " unilaterally decided not to comply . The Comey cabinet then decided that it The Comey cabinet not report the receipt of this a direction with which he and his   of "FBI senior leadership" unilaterally decided not to comply Attorney General Jeff Sessions or any other Justice Department superior .   The group it would not report the receipt of this direction to Attorney General Jeff Sessions or any other Justice Department superior it could override it would not report the receipt of this direction to Attorney General Jeff Sessions or any other Justice Department superior FBI protocol FBI possibly legal obligations to report the incident because of its expectations that the incident would recuse himself from the Russia matter , although that recusal would not come until weeks later . The Comey cabinet also decided that it was n’t The Comey cabinet to approach the acting Deputy Attorney General because he would likely the acting Deputy Attorney General replaced soon . " We concluded it made little it wasn’t obligated to approach the acting Deputy Attorney General because he would likely be replaced soon to report it to Attorney it wasn’t obligated to approach the acting Deputy Attorney General because he would likely be replaced soon Sessions , who we expected would We recuse himself from involvement the acting Deputy Attorney General    investigations . ( He did so the acting Deputy Attorney General weeks later . ) The Deputy Attorney the acting Deputy Attorney General filled in an acting capacity by a United States Attorney , who would also not be long in the role , " Comey said . " After discussing the the acting Deputy Attorney General , we decided to keep it very closely held , resolving to the matter out what to do with it down the road as our investigation the matter . " According to we different former federal law enforcement officials , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , there is no precedent for the director of the FBI to refuse to inform a Deputy Attorney General of a matter because of his or her " acting " status a Deputy Attorney General of a matter to use the expectation of a recusal as a basis for withholding information . " This is an extraordinary usurpation of power . Not something you ’d expect from the supposedly     guys at the top of the FBI , " one of those the FBI Breitbart News . The closest precedent to the Comey cabinet ’s decision to conceal information from Justice Department superiors is likely Comey ’s widely criticized earlier decision to go Comey the investigation of Hillary Clinton ’s emails . That decision received a sharp rebuke in the May earlier decision to go public about the investigation of Hillary Clinton’s emails by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein that formed the basis for Comey ’s firing by Trump . Rosenstein criticized Comey Comey to act without consultation from the Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein Comey as usurping the Attorney General ’s authority and an attempt to " supplant federal prosecutors and assume command of the Justice Department . Comey had violated a "   process " the Department of Justice Comey with situations where to Attorney General faces a conflict of interest , according to Rosenstein . " The Director was wrong to usurp the Attorney General ’s authority on July 5 , 2016 , " Rosenstein wrote the Attorney General’s now defends his decision by asserting that he believed attorney General Rosenstein Lynch had a The Director But the Rosenstein Director is never empowered Rosenstein supplant federal prosecutors and assume command of the Justice Department . The Director    process for other officials to step in when a conflict requires the recusal of the Attorney General . On July 5 , however , the Director announced his own conclusions about the nation ’s most sensitive criminal investigation , without the authorization of duly The Director Department leaders The Director " Comey ’s testimony on Thursday seemed to    on this defense , which amounts to a claim that the FBI ’s top agents can act outside of the ordinary processes intended to establish oversight and accountability at the nation ’s top law enforcement agency . The FBI ’s adherence to Department of Justice guidelines and instructions from Attorneys the nation a centerpiece of its ongoing independence , the FBI by officials as a reason why the FBI does not need a general legislative charter that would restrict the FBI control by statute its authority . Comey ’s assertion that the the FBI override standard protocols could endanger that independence , according to a former    federal law the FBI official . " He ’s not the FBI the FBI credibility of the bureau in doubt its ongoing independence ’s now putting the entire basis for our independence in jeopardy , " Comey official said . The official pointed to an editorial in the Wall Comey Journal as explaining the dangers of an FBI that decides not to inform a former   federal law enforcement official of Justice of a former   federal law enforcement official . " Mr. Comey is describing an FBI director who essentially answers to no one . But the police powers of the government are awesome and often the Department of Justice , and the only way to prevent or correct abuses is to report to elected officials who are accountable to voters . A director must resist intervention to obstruct an investigation , but he and the agency must be politically accountable or risk becoming the FBI of J. Edgar Hoover , " the Wall Street Journal wrote . A 2005 report from A director FBI ’s Office of Inspector General on the Department of Justice ’s guidelines for FBI investigations stated , " Attorneys General and FBI leadership have uniformly agreed that the FBI of J. Edgar Hoover Guidelines are necessary and desirable , and they have referred to the FBI ’s the FBI of J. Edgar Hoover to the Attorney General Guidelines as the the FBI of J. Edgar Hoover why the FBI should not be subjected to a general legislative charter or to statutory Attorneys General and FBI over the exercise the FBI of J. Edgar Hoover of its most intrusive the Attorney General Guidelines the FBI of J. Edgar Hoover the FBI of J. Edgar Hoover the FBI of J. Edgar Hoover 