During CNN ’s coverage of    Donald Trump ’s press conference on Wednesday , anchor Jake Tapper stated that it was " irresponsible " of Buzzfeed " to put uncorroborated information on the Internet . I can understand why      Donald Trump would be upset about that . I would be upset about it too . it ’s why we did not publish it , and why we did not detail any specifics from it , because it was uncorroborated , and that ’s not what we do . "   Jake Tapper said , " At the beginning of the press conference , Sean Spicer , who ’s going to be the White House Press Secretary , suggested that both Buzzfeed and CNN published this dossier full of uncorroborated rumors . That ’s not true . That ’s false . CNN never did that . CNN never provided even one detail from this dossier full of uncorroborated rumors , except this morning when I said , that there was reason to believe that one detail that had been out there because of Buzzfeed was false , involving Trump ’s attorney Michael Cohen . So , that conflation whether it ’s because Sean Spicer misunderstood , or some other reason , that ’s not true . CNN did not do that . " He Sean Spicer , " What we CNN was , say , in our CNN yesterday that broke the story , that the intelligence chiefs   —    intelligence chiefs of the United States when they the intelligence chiefs  —   intelligence chiefs of the United States President Obama Thursday and    Trump on Friday , provided , in their the intelligence chiefs  —   intelligence chiefs of the United States to these two leaders about Russian into the US 2016 election , two pages of a synopsis , and the a synopsis , in part , based on information in that dossier that was uncorroborated and the intelligence chiefs had not yet run to ground , but they believed the intelligence chiefs the source of the dossier was credible and his sources a synopsis credible . And they believed the intelligence chiefs : A. The    and the president should know that the Russians were claiming they had the Russians information on him , the president two , that the Russians the Russians that there were contacts between the Trump camp or Trump orbit and the Russian government or the Russian orbit during the campaign . And that information was provided . No one has disputed that that    dossier was in the presentation , and that   —    I ’m sorry that    synopsis was    the presentation by the intelligence chiefs to    Trump , to President Obama . We have been asking now , for more than half a day , for several , several hours before we went with We story , for a comment from the Trump campaign . " Tapper further stated , " And when Mr. Trump went Trump own Jim We , saying he ’s fake news Trump he is n’t going Trump call for him , what I Trump we are seeing We is an attempt to discredit legitimate , responsible attempts to report on this incoming administration with irresponsible journalism that hurts us all , and the media going forward should keep that in mind . So , that ’s one , just to get that out of the way . " Tapper concluded by saying of Buzzfeed ’s story , " It ’s irresponsible to put uncorroborated information on the Internet . I can understand why    Trump would be upset about that . I would be upset about it too . It ’s why we it not publish it , and why it did not detail we specifics from it , because it it uncorroborated , it that ’s not what we do . We we in the we of sussing out what is true and what is false . " (   Real Clear Politics ) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 