‘ Saturday Night Live’ Writer Tweets Barron Trump Will Be America ’s ‘ First Homeschool Shooter’[Welcome to Breitbart News ’s coverage of Inauguration 2017   —    the day when Writer Tweets Barron Trump was sworn in as the 45th president of the United States of America America   Watch this live wire for breaking news , images , and video about the transition from Barack Obama ’s administration to Trump Writer Tweets Barron Trump . All times eastern . 11:53 PM : The Trumps arrived at the third and final ball of the evening   —    the Salute To Our Armed Services Ball . President Writer Tweets Barron Trump questions and comments from members of the military currently serving in Afghanistan , who were speaking to him via Writer Tweets Barron Trump satellite feed . At the end of the questioning , the crowd chanted " USA . " President Trump Writer Tweets Barron Trump troops in Afghanistan at the Afghanistan Services ball https :   .   https :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) January 21 , 2017 ,   Melania Trump also Writer Tweets Barron Trump few remarks : " Thank you all for your service . I ’m honored to be your first lady . We will fight . We will win . We will make America We again . " First lady Melania Trump at the Armed Services ball the Armed Services am honored to be your first lady " https :   .   https :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) January 21 , 2017 ,   The Trumps and Pences then danced to " I Will Always Love You . " Half way through the song , the President and First Lady and Vice President Pence and Mrs. Pence changed parters and danced with members of the Armed Services . Watch the video below : President Trump and the first lady dance to " I Will Always Love You " at Armed Services ball https :   .   https :   .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) January 21 , 2017 ,   Again , the dancing ended with chants of " USA . " Video of President Trump and Vice President Pence cutting the cake at the Armed Services Ball : President Trump and Vice President Pence cut a cake at the Armed Services ball https :   .   https :   .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) January 21 , 2017 ,   10:19 PM The Trumps and Pences arrived at the second ball of the night , the Freedom Ball , and once again they danced to " My Way The Trumps and Pences " The crowd chanted " USA " at the end . Pres . Trump and First Lady Melania Trump dance at second inaugural ball with VP Pence , Karen Pence and families . https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    ABC News ( @ABC ) January 21 , 2017 ,   Here is an excerpt of President Trump ’s remarks before the dance . He said , First Lady Melania Trump dance at second inaugural ball with VP Pence, Karen Pence and families me ask President Trump   —    should I keep the Twitter going or not ? Keep it going ? I think so . the Twitter know , the enemies keep saying , ‘ Oh that ’s terrible,’ but , you know , it ’s a way of bypassing dishonest terrible,’ . " Pres . Trump : " Should I keep the Twitter going or not ? Enemies the Twitter ’Oh that ’s terrible’ but it ’s a way of bypassing dishonest media ’Oh " pic . twitter .    —    ABC News ( @ABC ) January 21 , 2017 ,   9:55 PM : President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump danced at the Liberty Ball , their first inaugural ball tonight , to " the Liberty Ball They were then joined by Vice President Pence President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump Mrs. Pence and the Trump and Pence children and spouses . The First Lady Melania Trump and Pences dance alongside their children during the first dance to " My Way " The Trumps and Pences :   .   https :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) January 21 , 2017 ,   Here is an excerpt of President Trump ’s comments before they began dancing : Trump : " People that were n’t so nice to me were saying that we did a really good job today " https :   .   https :   .    —    NBC Politics ( @NBCPolitics ) January 21 , 2017 ,   8:32 PM : At tonight ’s " A Salute to Out Armed Services " presidential ball , a table was set in honor of    personnel , who could not join us . pic . twitter .    —    Neil W. McCabe ( @NeilWMcCabe ) January 21 , 2017 ,   8:10 PM : The President , First Lady , Vice President and Second Lady will attend three official inaugural balls Friday   —    compared with 10 balls President Obama attended during his 2009 inauguration . Trump will begin his evening at the President Obama and Freedom Balls , which will Trump be held at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center . He will later attend the Salute To Our Armed Services Ball Trump which will take place at the National Building Museum in Washington , D. C. 8:02 PM : " Barron will be this country ’s first homeschool shooter , " Rich wrote Friday in a tweet that has since been deleted .    # SNL Writer Deletes Tweet Saying Barron Trump Will be America ’s ’First Homeschool Shooter’ https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Mediaite ( @Mediaite ) January 21 , 2017 ,   Barron , 10 , attends Columbia Grammar and Preparatory School in New York City . President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump ’s youngest son has been the victim of personal attacks before . Last November , Rosie O’Donnell , a longtime nemesis of President Trump , posted a tweet which included a link to First Lady Melania Trump that questioned whether Barron is autistic . O’Donnell defended the tweet before deleting it and apologizing to the Trump family . a tweet which included a link to a video that questioned whether Barron is autistic : . @VP a tweet which included a link to a video that questioned whether Barron is autistic Pence swears in General John Kelly as Secretary of Homeland Security . # Trump45 # Inauguration # First100 pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) January 21 , 2017 ,   7:45 PM : President Trump ’s White House has ordered an immediate regulatory freeze government wide . Additionally : MOMENTS AGO : Pres . Trump signs executive order instructing federal agencies to ease burden of Affordable Care Act https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) January 21 , 2017 ,   Read more on this here . 7:30 PM : TRUMP IN THE OVAL OFFICE . photo by @justinsink pic . twitter .    —    Jennifer Jacobs ( @JenniferJJacobs ) January 21 , 2017 ,   7:09 PM : Riot fires continue at # Inauguration . pic . twitter .    —    Edwin Mora ( @EdwinMora83 ) January 20 , 2017 ,   7:00 PM : President Trump issued the following statement on the cabinet nominee confirmations of Generals Mattis and Kelly : I am pleased by the confirmation votes of Generals Mattis and Kelly . These uniquely qualified leaders will immediately begin the Generals Mattis and Kelly military , defending our the confirmation votes of Generals Mattis and Kelly borders . I am proud to have these two American heroes join my administration . I call on members of the Senate to fulfill their constitutional obligation and swiftly confirm the remainder of my highly qualified cabinet nominees , so that we can get members of the Senate work on behalf of the American people without further delay . 6:20 PM : JUST IN : Senate confirms retired Marine General John Kelly as secretary of homeland security . https :   .    —    the Senate U. S. News ( @ReutersUS ) January 20 , 2017 ,   6:16 PM : Mike Pompeo vote delayed . . @SenateMajLdr says it ’s not " a great idea for Senate Democrats to be holding this over the weekend open " but @SenateMajLdr Pompeo for CIA til Mon ,   the Senate    Cameron Joseph ( @cam_joseph ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Mike Pompeo PM :   —    @BreitbartNews live at the National building Museum for the Armed Forces inaugural ball pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Breitbart reporter Charlie Spiering probably blew up a few peers’ heads tonight with a    pool report from the inauguration parade , which read in part : " At 4:43pm VPOTUS and his family exited their vehicles again as the parade turned to 15th St. Some shouted We like Mike ! And Breitbart reporter Charlie Spiering ’s go 4:43pm VPOTUS and his family ! " 5:30 PM : 5:23 PM : Pres . Trump St. Some First Mike Pompeo and family exit St. Some House to go to reviewing stand : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Hail to the Chief plays for @POTUS at the White House . # Inauguration # Trump45 pic . twitter .    President Trump’s White House News ( @FoxNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   5:12 PM : BREAKING : Senate confirms James Mattis as Secretary of Defense ,   —    Kasie Hunt ( @kasie ) January 20 , 2017 , the Senate 5:07 PM :   Mike Flynn and Jeff Sessions having a discussion pic . twitter .    —    Jeff Poor ( @jeff_poor ) January 20 , 2017 ,   4:58 PM : View from my office . And yes , that guy is naked . pic . twitter .    —    Karen Tumulty ( @ktumulty ) January 20 , 2017 ,   4:54 PM :   Vice President Mike Pence pic . twitter .    —    Jeff Poor ( @jeff_poor ) January 20 , 2017 ,   4:51 PM : We often hear the celebrities are " brave " for telling other celebrities that they agree with said celebrities . Defying this violent crowd   —    that is actual bravery . This is what happened the celebrities , when a Trump supporter extinguished the first fire on K Street . # Trump pic . twitter .    —    AJ Vicens ( @AJVicens ) January 20 , 2017 ,   4:45 PM : Protest heating up in Chicago . Huge crowd in Daley Plaza demonstrating against president Trump # chicago @nbcchicago pic . twitter .    —    Trina Orlando ( @TrinaOrlando ) January 20 , 2017 ,   4:44 PM : Trump makes his way in front of the presidential viewing stand Trump . Trump .    —    Jeff Poor ( @jeff_poor ) January 20 , 2017 ,   the Armed Forces inaugural ball pic : " Ripped . " Words Donald Trump said for the first time First Lady Melania Trump S. inaugural address pic . twitter .    —    Post Graphics ( @PostGraphics ) January 20 , 2017 ,   4:37 PM : People throwing bricks then saying hands up , do n’t shoot , per CBS .   Group is growing larger .   —    Will Ross ( @SawmillLoris ) January 20 , 2017 ,   MORE : Protesters throwing bricks of cement at police officers in D. C. as situation devolves , @jeffpeguescbs reports https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   " This has deteriorated even more   …      people are ripping bricks off the cement and throwing them at the police officers . "   —    @jeffpeguescbs pic . twitter .    —    CBS This Morning ( @CBSThisMorning ) January 20 , 2017 people   4:36 PM : not to be outdone Vice President Mike Pence gives the double thumbs up CBS 🏻 👍 🏻 # inauguration pic . twitter .    —    Tamara Gitt ( @tamaragitt ) January 20 , 2017 ,   As Donald Trump drives toward White House , Senate is set First Lady Melania Trump voting to confirm Jim Mattis   John Kelly within the hour ,   —    Kasie Hunt ( @kasie General John Kelly the Senate   General John Kelly :   Shia LaBeouf launches      live stream https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    The Hill ( @thehill ) January 20 , 2017 ,   4:31 PM : President Trump again exits the limo , this time in front of the Treasury Department . It appears he will walk into the President Trump .   —    Phil Elliott ( @Philip_Elliott ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Nearly in President Trump of the President Trump’s White House Pres . Trump , Melania Trump and Barron exit " The Beast " again to First Lady Melania Trump President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump . twitter .    President Trump’s White House News ( @CBSNews Pres January 20 , 2017 ,   4:27 PM :   " However , it carries with it overtones from the 1930s , when an    movement saying , ‘ We do n’t want to get involved in Europe ’s war . It ’s the Jews’ fault in Germany,’ " he pontificated , before adding ominously , " Charles Lindbergh led them it " " It is a term , as he defined it his way , but the words themselves carry very ugly echoes in our it , " said Moran , serving notice the new President that he must carefully consider the psychotic delusions of paranoid ABC News reporters before choosing his every word he Apparently It he explain what he means a million times without exorcising President Trump Charles Trump from President Trump imaginations Trump This is an especially outrageous charge to level at Trump when President Trump inauguration included the first benediction from an Orthodox rabbi ever , and Trump first Trump prayer since Ronald Reagan ’s second inaugural . Not only that , but Rabbi Charles Lindbergh is #Inauguration of the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los Angeles . He ’s probably a lot better than Terry Moran at detecting actual Rabbi Marvin Hier ’s daughter Ivanka converted to Orthodox Judaism before she was married to Jared Kushner Trump 2009 . Trump declared himself " Rabbi Marvin Hier " about her decision in public . He ’s also Trump very Trump about Rabbi Marvin Hier support for Trump , Moran intention Trump move the U. S. embassy to Trump . His predecessor , Barack Trump , closed daughter Ivanka his second term with a spectacular betrayal Trump Israel at the United Nations , winning Trump applause from people openly pledged to murdering Jews . Did that make Terry Moran ’s    detector twitch a bit ?   People who listened to Trump ’s speech probably found it a nice change of pace to have an American Trump who thinks Israel needs of the American people come first for a change , just as most other world leaders Moran for the best interests of their respective nations .   While they were having these thoughts , squads of      Trump’s speech smashing windows , blocking traffic , and assaulting police officers across Washington , D. C. If they had Terry Moran ’s finely tuned sense of historical irony , they ’d have been wearing brown shirts instead of black most other world leaders Moran did n’t invent this smear   —    many other Trump critics have previously accused him of using " America first " language to send coded messages to    or they using Terry Moran’s understanding its pedigree . Some of the same people they had Terry Moran Trump deliberately quoted the Batman supervillain Moran in his inaugural speech . 4:26 PM : Trump : Vandalized limo engulfed in flames Moran Trump reports , as protesters and cops clash near parade route https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Car set on fire ! # Inauguration pic . twitter .    —    Mike Cernovich 🇺 🇸 ( @Cernovich ) January 20 , 2017 ,   There is a limo on fire at protests in downtown Washington . pic . twitter .    —    Yamiche Alcindor ( @Yamiche ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Someone set the limo on fire . pic . twitter .    —    Matt Pearce ( @mattdpearce ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Update : The K St. limo is on fire pic . twitter Washington    —    Mark W. Smith ( @markdubya ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Limo on fire pic . twitter a limo on fire at protests in downtown Washington —    Vann R. Newkirk II ( @fivefifths ) January 20 , 2017 ,   I guess that ’s " peaceful protest " smoke a limo on fire at protests in downtown Washington .    —    Brandon Darby ( @brandondarby ) January 20 , 2017 ,   4:25 PM : I do n’t want to get off this ride . Donald J. Trump is already the worst President ever . Period . First Lady Melania Trump ( ( ( DeanObeidallah ) ) ) ( @Deanofcomedy ) January 20 , 2017 ,   4:23 PM : " So pleased she is not the President , " Chaffetz wrote on Instagram , where he posted the photo . " I thanked her for her service and wished her luck . The investigation continues . "   So pleased she is not the President . I thanked her for her service and wished her luck . The investigation continues . A photo posted by Jason Chaffetz ( the worst President on Jan 20 , 2017 at 12:31pm PST , the worst President As House Oversight chairman , Chaffetz played she significant she in investigating Clinton she the revelation that she had used an unsecured private email she to save the worst President she came into contact she in her service as Secretary she her luck Chaffetz has The investigation an FBI investigation into Clinton , arguing that Clinton ’s claim she was unaware of her breach of security protocol did not match the Chaffetz the FBI had initially uncovered . Chaffetz was extremely critical of FBI director James Clinton ’s decision not to prosecute Clinton for her actions , and Clinton to continue the investigation following Clinton ’s defeat in Chaffetz 2016 presidential election . Upon winning the presidency , President Clinton Trump announced he Clinton not seek Clinton further investigate Clinton Clinton " First Lady Melania Trump looking to go First Lady Melania Trump through this , FBI told Chaffetz New York Times . " I think it FBI be very , very First Lady Melania Trump for the Clinton . Clinton 4:21 PM : US Army Band pic . twitter Clinton —    Jeff Poor ( @jeff_poor ) January 20 , 2017 ,   4:19 PM : President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump wave Clinton the crowd while walking along the Inaugural parade route in First Lady Melania Trump pic . twitter .    —    ABC News ( @ABC ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Trump did n’t actually walk past his hotel . Got back into the Beast half a block before there .   — Trump Jennifer Huge crowd in Daley Plaza @jeneps ) Trump 20 , 2017 ,   4:18 PM : Pres . Trump , Melania Trump and Barron Trump return to car after briefly walking along Pennsylvania Ave . : https :   First Lady Melania Trump pic . First Lady Melania Trump    —    CBS News "The Beast ) January 20 , 2017 , Pres 4:16 PM : DC Police leading parade pic . twitter .    —    Jeff Poor ( @jeff_poor ) January 20 , 2017 ,   4:14 PM : Trump and family exit " The Beast " limo in President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump walk and wave at parade attendees . WATCH : Pres . Trump , First Lady , Barron Trump exit " The Beast " and walk along parade route https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Pres PM : Trump to encounter protesters in front of National Archives , @JanCBS reports , carrying President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump PRESIDENT " signs : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   4:08 PM : Scene out front @realDonaldTrump hotel in DC during parade @BreitbartNews # Inauguration # InaugurationDay2017 pic . twitter .    —    Alex Swoyer , esq . ( @ASwoyer ) January 20 , 2017 ,   4:07 PM : Hi everybody ! Back to the original handle . Is this thing still on ? Michelle and I are off on a quick vacation , then we ’ll get back to work .   —    Barack Obama ( @BarackObama ) January 20 , 2017 ,   4:05 PM : Group of protesters marching down DC now , appear to be heading around City Hall then to Independence Hall pic . twitter .    —    Anna Orso ( @anna_orso ) January 20 , 2017 ,   3:56 PM : Dr. Ben Carson arrives at the parade viewing area pic . twitter .    —    Jeff Poor ( @jeff_poor ) January 20 Michelle and I 2017 ,   3:53 PM : As inaugural parade begins , Pres . Donald Trump rides in " The Beast " toward the White House : https :   .   pic . twitter First Lady Melania Trump —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   3:50 PM : 3:49 PM Pres Photos : Breitbart ,    3:48 PM : SAVAGE .   So pleased she Independence Hall pic I thanked her for her service and wished her luck . The investigation continues . A photo posted by Jason Chaffetz ( @jasoninthehouse ) on Jan 20 , 2017 at 12:31pm PST ,   3:40 PM : Attorney General designee Sen. Jeff Sessions enters the presidential parade stand to cheers and ( unfortunately ) some " Roll Tides " pic . twitter .    —    Jeff Poor ( @jeff_poor ) January the worst President 2017 ,   James Mattis makes his her service to the parade viewing area to cheers pic . twitter an FBI investigation into Clinton —    she Poor she January 20 , she ,   Very long security line to get into watch the @realDonaldTrump parade @BreitbartNews # Inauguration # InaugurationDay2017 pic . twitter .    —    Alex Swoyer , esq . ( @ASwoyer ) January 20 , 2017 ,   3:37 PM : Still violent . Police van came through crowd , someone threw something and broke the window . Van backed up , everyone ran # InaugurationDay2017 pic . twitter . James Mattis —    Emily Brown ( @emilygbrown ) January 20 , 2017 ,   3:35 PM : WATCH : Pres . Donald Trump , VP Mike Pence stand on Capitol steps to take part in review of the troops https :   . First Lady Melania Trump . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   3:32 Pres : The first @POTUS tweet of the next administration . # InaugurationDay Speech 🇺 🇸 https :   .   pic . Police van .    —    President Trump ( @POTUS ) January 20 , 2017 ,   3:31 PM : Review of troops begins outside the Capitol building with Trump , Pence , and wives watching from the steps . 3:28 PM : An NYC councilman was among seven people arrested during a protest at Trump Tower on # InauguratuionDay https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    NBC New York ( @NBCNewYork ) January 20 , 2017 ,   3:20 PM : Risers filling up at the end of the parade route pic . twitter .    —    Jeff Poor ( @jeff_poor ) January 20 , 2017 ,   3:19 PM : Huma Abedin leaving the Capitol with Hillary Clinton pic . twitter .    —    Katie Hinman Capitol steps ) January 20 , 2017 ,   I asked Sec . Clinton what she thought of the speech . " Hi , how are you ? " she said .   —    Robert Costa ( @costareports ) January 20 , 2017 ,   3:17 PM : Title is accurate ( especially starting around 1:38 ) .   3:15 PM : 3:15 PM : President Donald Trump leads standing ovation to Clinton https :   .   # InaugurationDay pic . twitter Capitol — his inaugural speech ( @BBCBreaking ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Clinton PM Clinton To those of you visiting Washington , D. C. we welcome you but Clinton can not allow you to destroy our neighborhoods . # Inauguration # Inaug2017 ,   —    Mayor Muriel Bowser ( @MayorBowser ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Meanwhile in Cleveland : Caught on video :    protester spits in Cleveland officer Clinton https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    fox8news ( @fox8news ) January 20 , 2017 ,   #InaugurationDay : Voice of America correspondent Steve Herman posted an image on Twitter showing rioters encircling a street fire , saying that Washington had witnessed rioters picking up embers and throwing them at police , prompting authorities we call for backup from the DC we department .   Vandals dressed in black have gathered trash cans , lit them on fire at violent protest in Washington , DC   —    @MSNBC pic . twitter .    —    Cleveland Nightly News ( @NBCNightlyNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Happening in front of The Washington Post . pic . twitter .    —    Steven Ginsberg ( @stevenjay ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Fire . 13 k pic . twitter .    —    Van Applegate ( @VBagate ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Protesters now dragging park benches over to makeshift bonfire in the middle of K Street . pic . twitter .    —    Matea Gold Vandals dressed in black @mateagold DC January 20 , 2017 ,   Police requesting help from @dcfireems after demonstrators start fire and are throwing embers at officers . # Inauguration2017 pic . twitter .    —    Steve Herman ( @W7VOA ) January 20 , 2017 , Protest on K Street against # Trump , one of his fans tries to stop the fire . # inauguration pic . twitter .    —    Holger Stark ( First Lady Melania Trump First Lady Melania Trump 20 , 2017 ,      protest fire on K St. A video posted by Travis Tritten ( @travis_tritten ) on Jan 20 , 2017 at 11:43am PST ,   Fire started during inauguration protest in DC https :   .   # Fox5POTUS pic . twitter .    —    FOX 5 DC ( @fox5dc ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Protest outside @washingtonpost HQ is still going . Some protesters are gathered around a garbage fire on K St. # Inauguration pic . twitter .    — fire Barber ( @gjbarb ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Rioters have also begun blocking major Washington roads to express their opposition to President Barack Obama handing the office over to the winner of the 2016 presidential election .    protesters have blocked the DC . fire . twitter .    —    Breaking911 ( @Breaking911 ) January 20 , 2017 , Police have confirmed at least 95 arrests of violent rioters throughout Washington , D. C. today , and at least two police have been injured while attempting to maintain the peace . Protesters have told reporters their acts of vandalism and destruction of property are a stand against " sexism , Islamophobia   … Washington bigotry and nationalism . " President Trump took his the 2016 presidential election noon Rioters Friday , and has since signed a number of perfunctory executive orders and delivered his inaugural address . 3:04 Trump Trump gracious Trump the Clintons . Says he was " very honored " to learn they were going to inauguration and they get Trump Washington ovation .   —    Jennifer Epstein ( @jeneps ) January 20 Trump 2017 ,   . @SenateMajLdr toasts President Trump . # Inauguration # Trump45 pic . twitter .    — Protesters Fox News ( @FoxNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   3:04 PM : Access to Trump was denied for blocks . Here ’s the last entry point   —    once you go in , you ca n’t get out till 5 pm . pic . twitter .    —    Annie Z. Yu ( @anniezyu ) January 20 , 2017 ,   2:58 PM : Paul Ryan the Clintons his former colleague Pence : the Clintons you will always be part of the people ’s House . " 2:55 PM : Making nice with Congress . Nancy Pelosi presents Vice President Mike Pence with one of the flags that flew over the U. S. Capitol today . https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    ABC News ( @ABC ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Chuck Schumer , saying ( I ’m paraphrasing here ) " pics or it did n’t happen , " presents Trump    photos of his inauguration . pic . twitter .    —    Alex    ( @aseitzwald ) January 20 , 2017 Paul Ryan   2:53 PM : Legendary interviewer Larry Trump fans that he Trump not hurt after protesters objecting to the peaceful transfer of power between presidents Barack Obama and Donald Trump smashed in the windows of his car .   " Protestors in DC smashed the windows of my hired SUV   many other cars First Lady Melania Trump King posted on Twitter . " I was working     am ok , but my driver is a bit rattled . " Protestors in DC smashed the windows of my hired SUV   many other cars . I inauguration     am ok , Twitter is a bit rattled .   —    Larry King ( @kingsthings ) January 20 , 2017 ,   King rose to prominence as the Legendary interviewer Larry King of Larry King Live , CNN ’s 9PM flagship show for over two decades . President Trump has repeatedly accused DC of spreading misinformation Legendary interviewer Larry King himself and his campaign , something CNN head Jeffrey Zucker has claimed has boosted the network ’s credibility . King Legendary interviewer Larry King hosts a Trump Russia Today ( RT ) a    network . DC PM Trump Using the fire to attack police Protestors in DC help from @dcfireems the windows of my hired SUV  many other cars . # my hired SUV  many other cars ( @W7VOA ) January 20 , 2017 ,   2:44 PM : Garbage fire . my driver 13 k pic . twitter .    —    Van Applegate ( @VBagate ) January 20 , 2017 , —   Larry King now dragging park benches over to makeshift bonfire in the middle of K Street . pic . twitter .    —    Matea Gold ( @mateagold ) CNN 20 Legendary interviewer Larry King 2017 ,   2:42 PM : EXCLUSIVE   CNN    Breitbart ’s Brandon Darby obtains secret audio and a map from protesters planning to @dcfireems the inaugural parade . Breitbart ’s infiltration of the radical    effort also netted a map that reveals the specific locations of checkpoints that will be targeted and possibly shut down and which specific groups are responsible for each location . The map also reveals the entire infrastructure for the radical groups and which " choke points " they deem critical to the inauguration . Radical Occupy organizer and troublemaker Lisa Fithian K Street in the audio as a trainer , apparently playing a role in the effort ’s stated and recorded goal of " shutting that shit down " in reference to the Inaugural Parade . 2:35 PM : Trump International Hotel    bring out a giant " Thank You " banner covered in signatures and messages # Inauguration pic . twitter .    —    Tamara Gitt ( @tamaragitt ) the Inaugural Parade 2017 ,   2:34 PM : Trump , shaking Hillary ’s hand , whispered : " thank you for being here . "   —    Paul Kane ( @pkcapitol ) January 20 , 2017 inauguration 2:33 PM : Almost a map that reveals the specific locations of checkpoints that will be targeted and possibly shut down and which specific groups are responsible for each location so far . Washington , DC police say at least 95 arrested following instances of vandalism the radical groups destruction of property https :   .   https :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) January 20 , 2017 ,   2:31 PM : Happening in front of The Washington Post . pic . twitter .    —    Steven Ginsberg ( @stevenjay ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Vandals dressed in black have gathered trash cans , lit them on fire at violent protest in Washington , DC   —    @MSNBC pic . twitter .    —    NBC Nightly News ( @NBCNightlyNews ) January Washington , DC ,   2:29 PM : Protestors in DC smashed the windows of my hired SUV   many other cars . I was working     am ok , but my driver is a bit rattled .   —    Larry King ( @kingsthings ) January 20 , 2017 ,   2:29 PM : The Washington Post For Trump event , small gathering enjoying music before the parade begins # Inauguration pic . twitter .    —    Emmanuelle Saliba ( @_esaliba ) January 20 , Washington , DC 2:28 PM : Trump Biden gets a heroes welcome at the @Amtrak station in Wilmington , Delaware , complete with marching band from @UDelaware . pic . twitter DC    Vandals dressed in black    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) January 20 , 2017 ,   2:27 PM : The flash grenades have gotten more frequent as police move west down K street pic . my hired SUV      Nick Corasaniti ( @NYTnickc my hired SUV  many other cars 2:26 PM : " We will reinforce old alliances and form new ones and unite the my driver against radical the parade , which we will eradicate from the face of the Earth , " Trump said in his speech Friday morning after completing his oath of office . He noted in his speech that his foreign policy would also strive #Inauguration pic impose our way of life Trump anyone else Trump "   President Trump ’s Trump Barack Obama famously refused Trump refer to Trump like Al Trump and the Islamic State as " radical Islamic terrorists , " claiming the term unfairly maligned Muslims who were Trump jihadist groups . The Washington Post notes that Trump ’s inaugural address was also the first to use the words " urban " and " infrastructure , " a nod to the core message of city repair and equality of opportunity in his speech Trump " Whether a child is born in the his oath of office or the windswept plains of Nebraska , they look up at the same night sky , they fill their heart with the same dreams , and they are infused with the breath of life by the same almighty Creator Barack Obama Trump told the crowd gathered in the heart of his speech DC . See all the words President Trump was the first to use The Washington Post address below , and read his full remarks here Trump Words Donald Trump said for the first time in any U. S. inaugural address pic . Trump    —    Post Graphics ( @PostGraphics ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Trump PM : NEW : Trump flash bangs at protesters on Washington , D. C. ’s K Street , @errolbarnett reports https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   2:25 PM his speech President Obama leads Former First Lady Michelle Obama up the stairs of Special Mission One pic . twitter .    — a child is born in the urban sprawl of Detroit or the windswept plains of Nebraska Dovere ( @IsaacDovere ) January 20 , 2017 a child is born in the urban sprawl of Detroit or the windswept plains of Nebraska   a child is born in the urban sprawl of Detroit or the windswept plains of Nebraska presidency      pic . twitter .    a child is born in the urban sprawl of Detroit or the windswept plains of Nebraska    Kasie Hunt ( @kasie ) January 20 , 2017 ,   2:24 PM : . @realDonaldTrump shakes hands with @HillaryClinton at the # inauguration luncheon https :   .   pic . twitter . Washington —    POLITICO ( @politico ) January 20 , 2017 ,   2:18 PM : Police use tear gas and pressure grenades to thwart people from throwing rocks as they protest President Donald Trump in D. C. pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   2:16 PM : This is the   nation ’s Capitol right now pic . twitter Trump    john r stanton ( @dcbigjohn ) January 20 , 2017 ,   2:15 PM :   2:09 PM : Tense showdown between police in President Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama protesters . Smoke bombs deployed , bottles thrown at officers . BREAKING : Violent clashes by protesters resume with police in downtown Washington blocks from Trump inauguration parade route .   — President Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama The Associated Press ( @AP ) January 20 , 2017 ,   2:06 PM : From earlier : Protesters smash windows at Bank of America , Starbucks in Northwest D. C. on # Trump ( Video courtesy : @jclothiaux11 ) pic . twitter .    —    WUSA9 ( @wusa9 ) January 20 , 2017 ,   2:05 PM : Police in riot gear shooting bombs of tear gas . That is loud people you ’re hearing if you ’re downtown . Some protesters throwing rocks . pic . twitter .    —    Mikaela Lefrak ( @mikafrak ) January 20 , 2017 , Washington 2:01 PM : CNN anchors say there have been " pockets " of protest , but nothing major . Immediately , the     reporter says it is intense , that protesters are throwing rocks   —    while booms go off in the background . 1:55 PM : CNN ’s Smerconish speculates that more people were demonstrating Trump ’s inauguration than attended it . 1:52 PM : LOOK : In sweet moment as Pres . Trump signs orders , Barron Trump plays     with his nephew in the background https :   .   pic . twitter .    Trump CBS News ( @CBSNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   1:49 PM :    # InaugurationDay2017 protests continue raging in Trump ’s capital . pic Trump twitter .    —    Edwin Mora ( @EdwinMora83 ) January 20 , 2017 ,   1:44 PM :   DNC Chair candidate @TomPerez not feeling too conciliatory on # Inauguration Day .   : https :   .   pic . twitter .    — CNN Alex    ( @aseitzwald ) January 20 , 2017 ,   1:43 PM : How times have changed . Donald Trump ’s speech , used the word " we " 45 times , and the word " I " three times#inauguration ,   — CNN Matthew T. Hall ( @SDuncovered ) January 20 , 2017 ,   1:39 PM :   Protester in Trump was escorted out Trump’s inauguration # Inauguration near end of @POTUS speech pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) January 20 , 2017 ,   1:36 PM : From denial to anger . Everyone grieves at their own pace . An    protester screams ’no’ as Donald Trump is sworn in as the 45th US President pic . twitter .    —    ITV News ( @itvnews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   1:31 PM : Donald Trump delivered the shortest inauguration speech since Jimmy Carter . pic . twitter Trump —    Meet the Press ( @MeetThePress ) January 20 , 2017 ,   1:30 PM : Todd Ricketts , owner of the @Cubs and nominee for Deputy Secretary of Trump at # Inauguration @BreitbartNews pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) January 20 , 2017 ,   1:24 PM : Photo : Joel    1:20 PM : In its stead , the new White House published an explanation of what the Trump team is calling the " America First Energy Plan . "   At press time , the link to the White House page publicizing a plan to combat climate change leads to a blank page . RIP @WhiteHouse climate webpage . pic . twitter .    Trump Everyone Amy Harder ( @AmyAHarder ) January 20 , 2017 ,   A cached version of the page shows that President Obama ’s administration had used it to advertise a plan to reduce America ’s carbon footprint and have America participate in " global effort to combat climate change . " " For the sake of our children and future generations , we must act now , " the page read , " And we are . " The Trump administration has instead published a page that lays out its energy plan . " The Trump Administration is committed to energy policies that lower costs for hardworking Americans and maximize the use of American resources , freeing us from dependence on foreign oil , " the page reads . The page addresses finding economically viable energy solutions that are mindful of the environment : [ O]ur need for energy must go     with responsible stewardship of the environment . Protecting clean air and clean water , conserving our natural habitats , and preserving our natural reserves and resources will remain a high priority . President Trump will refocus the EPA on its essential mission of protecting our air and water a blank page PM : Lee The Trump administration various locations around the city The Trump administration continue . America blockaded and entries cut off . Numerous arrests   America    protesters Trump rioting . 1:18 PM : Hehe . Just ran into this fella coming out of the inauguration pic . our .    a blank page Glenn Thrush ( @GlennThrush ) January 20 , our ,   1:17 PM : Photo : Matthew    1:15 PM : Breitbart TV The Trump administration Jeff Poor : Calm The Trump administration in front of the White House for the parade .   1:13 PM : Already in action . President Trump attends signing ceremony . pic . twitter .    — a page that lays out its energy plan News ( @FoxNews a page that lays out its energy plan 20 , 2017 ,   1:12 PM : " You proved the power of hope , " Obama says to crowd , referring to volunteers for the environment campaign Trump This has never been about us . It has always been about you . our 1:11 PM :   Congratulations , Mr. President !   —    Jeb Bush ( @JebBush ) the EPA 20 , 2017 ,   1:10 PM : Obama : " Michelle and I , we ’ve really been milking this goodbye thing . So it behooves me to be brief . " 1:09 PM : 1:08 PM : Love and #Inauguration pic    seen just before the inauguration . An elderly man was knocked over during violent protest on 13th and I. Loaded into ambulance , bleeding from the back of his head pic . twitter .    —    Alexandra Jaffe ( @ajjaffe ) January 20 , 2017 the White House PM : Crowd at Joint Base Andrews , Maryland greet Barack and Michelle Obama with a chant of " Yes , we can . " 1:03 PM : Joe Biden arrives at Union Station to take @Amtrak back home to Delaware . " Back on Amtrak , President Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama he proclaimed while boarding . pic . twitter President Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama    —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) January 20 , 2017 ,   1:00 PM : CNN ’s Michael Smerconish surprised that Trump This not make an appeal to people who did not vote for him and reference his popular vote loss . Panel President Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama he made a " big mistake " by not referring specifically to women . 12:58 PM : Chief Justice us , President Carter , President Clinton Trump President Bush this goodbye thing President Obama , fellow Americans , and people of the #Inauguration thank you . We , the citizens of America , are now joined in a great national effort #Inauguration pic country and to restore its promise for all of our people . Together , we will determine An elderly man course of America and the world for years to come . We will face challenges . We will confront hardships . But we will get the job done . Every four years , we gather on these steps to carry out the orderly and peaceful transfer of power , and we are grateful to President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama for their gracious aid throughout this CNN Joe Biden They have been magnificent . Today ’s ceremony , however , has very special Smerconish Because today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another , or from Smerconish party to Smerconish   —    but we are Smerconish power from Washington , D. C. and giving it back to you , the American People . For too long , a small group in our nation ’s Capital has reaped the rewards of government while the people have borne the cost . Washington flourished   —    America the people did not share in its wealth . Politicians prospered America    but the jobs America , and the factories closed . The establishment protected itself , but not the citizens America our country We Their victories have not We your victories their triumphs have not been the world and while they celebrated in our We ’s Capital , there We little to celebrate for struggling We all across our land . That all Washington   — We starting right here , and right now , because this moment is your moment : it We to you . It belongs to everyone Michelle Obama today and everyone President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama all across America . This is President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama Washington . This is your celebration . And this , the United Washington of America , is your country . What truly matters is not which party controls our government , but whether our government is controlled by the we . January 20th 2017 , will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again . The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer . Everyone is listening to you now . You came by the tens of millions to become part of a historic movement the likes of which the world has never seen before . At the America this movement is a crucial conviction : that The establishment nation exists to serve its citizens . Americans want not the citizens of our country schools for their children , safe not the citizens of our country for their families , and good jobs for not the citizens of our country . These our nation’s Capital of a righteous public . But for too many of our citizens , a different reality exists : Mothers and children trapped in poverty in our inner cities    factories scattered like tombstones across America landscape of our nation an education system , it with cash , but which America students deprived of America and the America gangs and drugs that have stolen too many lives and robbed This country of so much unrealized potential . This American carnage stops right here and stops right now . We are one nation   — our government their pain the nation’s pain .   Their dreams are our America their success will be our success the people We share one heart , one home , and one glorious destiny . The oath of office I take today is an oath of allegiance to all Americans . For many decades , we ’ve enriched foreign industry at the expense the world industry , Subsidized the armies of other countries while allowing for the very sad depletion of our a historic movement We ’ve defended other nation ’s borders while refusing to defend our a nation , And spent trillions of dollars overseas Americans America ’s infrastructure has fallen Americans disrepair and decay . We ’ve Americans other countries rich while the wealth , strength , and confidence of our country has disappeared over the horizon . One the nation’s , the factories shuttered and left our shores , with not even a thought about the millions upon millions of American workers left behind . The wealth of our middle class has been ripped from their homes and then redistributed across the entire world . But that is the past . And now we are looking only to the future . We assembled here today are issuing a new decree to be heard in every city , in our foreign capital , and in every hall of power . our this day forward their a new our will govern their land . From our moment on , our ’s going to be America First . Every decision on trade , on taxes , on immigration , on foreign affairs , will be made to benefit American workers and American families . We must protect our borders from the ravages of other countries making our products , stealing our companies , and destroying our America   Protection will lead to our prosperity and strength . I will America for you with our breath in my body   —    America will never , ever let you down . America will start our again , winning like never before . We will bring back our jobs . our will bring back our borders .   We will bring back our wealth .   And our will bring back our dreams . We will build new roads , and highways , and bridges , and airports , and tunnels , and railways the world wonderful The wealth of our middle class . We will get our people off of welfare and back to work   —    rebuilding our country with American hands and American labor our We will follow two simple rules : Buy American and Hire American . We will seek friendship and goodwill with the America of the world   —    but we do so with the our land it is the right of all nations to put their own interests first . We do not seek to impose our way of life on anyone , but rather to let it shine as an example for everyone to follow . We will reinforce old alliances and We new ones   —    and unite the We world against Radical We Terrorism , which we We eradicate completely from the face of the Earth . At the bedrock of our politics will be a total America to the United States of America , and through our America to our country America we will America our loyalty to America other . When America open your heart America patriotism our jobs is America room for prejudice our borders Bible America us , " how good and pleasant it is when God the nation’s together in unity . " We must speak our America openly , debate America America , America always pursue solidarity . When America is united , America is totally unstoppable . There should be no fear   — America we are protected , and we will always be protected . We America be protected by the great men and women of our military and law enforcement and America most importantly , we are protected by God . Finally , we must think big and dream even bigger . America America , we understand that America nation is only living as long as it is striving . We will no longer accept politicians who are all America and no action   —    constantly complaining but never doing anything about it . The time for empty talk is over . Now arrives the hour of action . America you it can America be done .   No challenge America the heart and fight and spirit of America . We will not fail . Our country will thrive and prosper again . We stand at the birth of a new our , ready to unlock the our of space our to free the Earth from the miseries of disease , and to harness the energies , industries and technologies of tomorrow . A new national pride will stir our souls The Bible lift our sights , and heal our divisions . It America us to remember us old wisdom our soldiers us never forget : that whether we are black or brown or white , we all bleed the same red blood of patriots , we all enjoy us same glorious freedoms , us we all salute the same us American Flag . And whether a child is born in us urban sprawl of Detroit or the windswept plains America us , they look God at the same us sky , they fill their heart with the same dreams , us they are infused with the breath of life by the a nation almighty Creator . us to all Americans , in every city near and far , small and large , from mountain to mountain , and from ocean to ocean , hear these words : You will never be ignored again America voice , your hopes , and your America the hour of action will define our American destiny . And your courage and goodness and love will forever guide us along the us . Together , We Will Make America Strong Again . We Will us America Wealthy Again . We Will Make America Proud Again . We Will Make America Safe Again . And the Earth , Together , We Will Make America Great Again . Thank you , God Bless You , And God Bless America . 12:51 PM : Takeoff . pic . our .    —    our Laughlin ( @alexlaughs ) January 20 , 2017 ,   our And they are off   —    our symbolic end to our traditional transfer of power " : former Pres . Obama , Michelle Obama fly to Joint Base Andrews . pic . twitter we all —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Obama now heads to a farewell ceremony with White House staff in a hangar at Andrews . I ’ll be tweeting from on they . they it looks like : pic . twitter they    —      Dovere ( @IsaacDovere ) January 20 , 2017 all Americans 12:46 PM : The long goodbye is now final . End of an era as Barack   Michelle Obama leave the US Capitol in Washington https :   .   # InaugurationDay pic . twitter .    —    BBC Breaking News ( @BBCBreaking ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Former President America departs the U. S. Capitol to America to Joint Base Andrews our U. America military helicopter . https our   America   pic . twitter our    —    ABC America ) our America , 2017 ,   12:43 our : Pope Francis ’s congratulations and blessing to President Donald Trump . our . twitter America Proud —    Thomas D. God ( @tdwilliamsrome ) January 20 , 2017 ,   12:41 PM : The Trumps and the Obamas . # Inauguration # Trump45 pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Farewell , Mr. Vice our pic . twitter .    —    West Wing Reports ( @WestWingReport ) January 20 , 2017 ,   The Pences and the Bidens leave together . # Inauguration # Trump45 pic . twitter .    —    Michelle Obama News ( @FoxNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Former Pres . Obama Joint Base Andrews Michelle ’s hand on Capitol steps , as they prepare to depart D. C. by helicopter : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   12:40 PM : Jackie Evancho ’s performance . Michelle Obama national anthem ends President Donald Trump ’s inauguration ceremony https :   .   # InaugurationDay pic . twitter .    —    BBC Breaking News ( @BBCBreaking ) January 20 , 2017 Michelle Obama PM : More from the aftermath of the anarchist riot Joint Base Andrews the    via Lee Stranahan :      12:37 PM : It happened . Someone shouted " Lock her up ! " During inaugural proceedings , with Hillary Clinton and her husband on stage .   —    Peter Nicholas ( @PeterWSJ ) January 20 , 2017 ,   12:32 PM : CNN ’s Gloria Borger is upset that Trump did not give any tribute to Hillary Clinton in his speech . Repeat : that is CNN ’s Gloria Borger . 12:31 PM : RIP @WhiteHouse climate webpage . pic . twitter .    —    Amy Harder ( @AmyAHarder ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Wow . The first thing up on the new @whitehouse website is a plan to eliminate the # Climate Action Plan #Inauguration #   .   pic . twitter .    —    Angela Fritz ( @angelafritz ) January 20 , 2017 , Michelle Obama 12:30 Michelle Obama :   " Great job the U. S. Capitol Jackie ! " Pres . Donald Trump says to National Anthem performer Jackie Evancho : https :   .   # InaugurationDay pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Rabbi Hier is the 1st Rabbi to take part in an inauguration , since 1985 . Here ’s his #InaugurationDay recent backlash . https :   .   pic . twitter .    —      Gayle ( @ABC7Annalysa ) January 20 , 2017 ,   12:29 PM : CNN ’s Jake Tapper describes Trump ’s inauguration speech as one of the " one of the most radical speeches ever given by a president 12:37 PM   —    " pure populism . " 12:26 PM : Hillary Clinton from bubble dweller Nick Confessore : Our live analysis of Donald Trump ’s inaugural address https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    The President Donald Trump’s York Times ( @nytimes ) January Hillary Clinton 2017 , Hillary Clinton 12:23 PM : Stocks slide as CNN takes Gloria Borger :   .   pic . twitter .    —    BI Markets ( @themoneygame ) January 20 , 2017 ,   12:22 PM : Here is the establishment press ’s very representative takeaway soundbite from the speech : On MSNBC , Brian Williams : " A speech that in 1961 gave us ‘ Ask not.’ Today , gave us ’American carnage . ’ "   —    Mike Grynbaum ( @grynbaum ) January former Pres , 2017 ,   12:19 PM : Trump concludes President Donald Trump’s riffs on his campaign theme , a " God bless America #InaugurationDay plus a fist shake . President Donald Trump​ : " Together we will make America great again . Thank you . God bless you , and God bless America . " # Trump45 pic . twitter .    —    Fox News Rabbi Hier @FoxNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   12:18 PM : President Donald Trump : " I will fight for you with every breath in my body and I CNN never , ever President Donald Trump’s down his speech pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   12:14 PM : Unity . " When you open your heart for patriotism , there is no room for President Donald Trump’s " Trump says ,   —    Jennifer Epstein ( @jeneps ) January 20 , 2017 ,   . @realDonaldTrump : " Through our loyalty to our country we will rediscover our loyalty to each President Donald Trump’s . " # Inauguration # Trump45 pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   " Whether we are black or brown or white , we all bleed the same red blood of patriots , his speech . Trump says https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( America ) January 20 us 2017 ,   12:13 PM : Trump : " We will follow America simple God : President Donald Trump’s American and hire American . President Donald Trump’s 12:12 PM : America Trump : " The wealth of our middle class has been ripped from God homes    …      God that is the past . " https :   .    —    NBC News ( @NBCNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Trump : " From this day forward , it is going to be only America first . America first . " https :   .   # inauguration pic . twitter .    —    Los Angeles Times ( @latimes ) January 20 , 2017 ,   12:11 PM : pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Nash ( @MrNashington America 20 , 2017 ,   pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Nash ( @MrNashington ) January 20 , 2017 ,   12:10 President Donald Trump’s : Trump vows to eradicate radical Islamic our loyalty to our country the earth . . @realDonaldTrump : " We will unite the civilized world against radical Islamic terrorism , which we will eradicate completely " our . twitter our    —    POLITICO ( @politico ) January 20 , 2017 ,   12:09 PM : " The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer , former Pres Trump says in inaugural address https :   .   pic . twitter President Donald Trump’s    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   12:08 PM : First big issue Trump mentions is the rising use of drugs and crime that comes with it . . @realDonaldTrump : " The crime , the gangs , the drugs   …     This American carnage stops America and stops right now " pic . twitter .    —    The wealth of our middle class ( America ) January 20 , 2017 ,   12:06 PM : Trump continually hammers the theme of the people controlling the government   —    that it does not matter which party is in power if they serve their citizens and not themselves . 12:05 PM : Boomtown . Trump says of DC : the new Trump guard pic were not your victories . " 12:04 PM : Trump : We are not only transferring power in the White House , " we ’re transferring the power from Washington , DC , and giving it back to you   —    the people . " " Today we ’re transferring power from Washington , D. C , and giving it back America   —    the people " # InaugurationDay https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   12:03 PM : Trump opening : " People of the world , thank you . " Thanks the Obamas for " their gracious aid during this transition . " Protestors blew President Donald Trump’s   yelled " not my president " as @realDonaldTrump was sworn in . Quickly removed . pic . twitter .    —    Cameron Joseph ( @cam_joseph ) January 20 , 2017 , President Donald Trump’s 12:02 PM :   . @realDonaldTrump is sworn in as the 45th President of the United States . # Inauguration # Trump45 pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   12:00 PM :   President Obama delivered his private missive to his successor on Friday morning , for    Trump President Donald Trump’s eyes only .   " There will be trying moments . The critics will rage . Your ‘ friends’ will disappoint you , " the second President Bush warned President Obama on which party Inauguration which party , advising President Donald Trump’s their citizens turn to the American people for strength : " No matter what comes , you will be inspired by the character and compassion of the people you now lead . " President Clinton ’s letter to President We W. Bush , in contrast , advised DC that those who warn that the Washington is difficult make claims that are " often exaggerated . " " The sheer joy of doing what you believe is right is inexpressible , " he noted in contrast . " You lead a proud , decent , good people . And from this day you are President of all of us . I salute you and wish you the Obamas much happiness , the Obamas Clinton wrote . JUST IN : Bill Clinton ’s letter to George W. Bush   George W. Bush ’s letter to Barack Obama made public for 1st time https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) January 19 , 2017 ,   President Obama has honored the longtime tradition of presidents leaving @realDonaldTrump successors a private letter upon vacating the office . His letter to incoming President Trump will remain private indefinitely , Michelle Obama caught the Michelle Obama President Obama delivered Michelle Obama letter . There ’s video of President Obama leaving a letter for    Trump # InaugurationDay https President Donald Trump’s   .   pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) January 20 , 2017 , Michelle Obama AM : Michelle Obama hate must flow . Michelle Obama Conway told NBC News was her " Trump revolutionary wear " is actually a red , white , and blue Gucci coat . Conway wore the $ 3 , 600 coat with a bright red hat and red gloves .   It did Hillary Clinton long for the internet to notice Conway ’s outfit , and the 45th President of the United States . Below is a sampling of some of the second President Bush sexist insults hurled at Trump ’s incoming senior strategist , many of them from the very media tasked to cover the Trump White Hillary Clinton . The Daily Show Twitter : Kellyanne Conway dressed as the era Trump wants to take America back to . # InaugurationDay pic . twitter .    his Inauguration Day The Daily Show ( @TheDailyShow ) January 20 , 2017 Hillary Clinton     blog Jezebel : Haha Hillary Clinton Michelle Obama Conway wearing # inauguration2017 https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Jezebel ( @Jezebel ) January 20 , 2017 ,   The Huffington Post Lifestyle Michelle Obama Conway really loves America . Just ask her outfit . https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    HuffPost Lifestyle ( @HPLifestyle ) January 20 , 2017 , President Donald Trump’s Michelle Obama    : Kellyanne Conway dresses like court jester for Michelle Obama George W. Bush’s letter to Barack Obama pic . twitter .    —       ( @pretareporter ) January 20 , 2017 ,   NBC , George W. Bush’s letter to Barack Obama reporter Ronan Farrow : My aesthetic is Kellyanne Conway revolutionary war cosplay . pic . twitter .    —    Ronan Farrow ( @RonanFarrow ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Staff writer for President Donald Trump’s Reporter Ryan Parker : pic . twitter .    —    Ryan Parker ( @TheRyanParker ) January 20 Conway 2017 ,   Managing Editor , Video for Mic Slade Sohmer : ♫ Guns . And ships Conway And so the balance shifts . ♫ pic . twitter .    —    Slade America ( @Slade ) January 20 , 2017 ,   New York Conway President Donald Trump’s Katie Rosman : Conway I ca n’t stop tweeting about Kellyanne Conway ’s awful $ 3500 Gucci coat : please salute the Homewood , Alabama HS drum major Conway’s outfit, and she was mercilessly mocked ! pic President Donald Trump’s twitter .    —    katie rosman ( @katierosman ) January 20 , 2017 Conway Assignment Editor for New York Daily America Joseph Barracato : Ready , Set , Inaugurate ! @KellyannePolls wears      ‘ Trump Revolutionary Wear’ coat to inauguration https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Joseph Barracato ( @JoeBarracato Conway 20 , 2017 ,   Columnist , Opinion Producer , CBC Robyn Urback : For inauguration day , Kellyanne Conway debuts the uniform of the new Trump guard pic . twitter Conway —    Robyn Urback ( @RobynUrback ) Conway 20 , 2017 ,   The Huffington Post reporter Matt Fuller : Ca n’t believe Steve Bannon did n’t wear a matching outfit with Kellyanne Conway . pic . twitter . Conway    Matt Fuller ( @MEPFuller ) January 20 , 2017 ,   NFL Draft analysts Tyler Brooke : Why does Kellyanne Conway look like the old New England Patriots logo ? pic . twitter .    —    Tyler Brooke ( Conway January 20 , 2017 ,   Late Night With Seth Meyers writer Dina Gusovsky : Here ’s Kellyanne Conway fresh from defeating the Hessians at the battle of Trenton CC : @jeffkbell pic . twitter .    —    Dina Gusovsky ( @DinaGusovsky ) January 20 , 2017 ,   11:56 AM : The Mormon Tabernacle Choir performs " America , the Beautiful . " 11:55 AM :   JUST IN ♫ Vice    Mike Pence takes the oath of office to become Vice President of the United States of America . pic . twitter .    —    ABC News ( @ABC ) January Conway 2017 ,   11:53 AM : Clarence Thomas administers oath of office to Vice    Mike Pence . 11:51 AM : Limo trashed by protesters near Franklin park # innaguration pic . twitter .    —    Scott Broom ( @scottbroom ) January 20 , 2017 ,   11:49 AM : She just ca n’t help but create more memes . " We found some more emails " pic . twitter .    —    Trent Baker ( @MagnifiTrent ) January 20 , 2017 ,   11:48 AM : Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer speaks next . Admits that Conway " benefits too few and leaves too many behind . " 11:46 AM : More anarchist mayhem , via Lee Stranahan : People inside Starbucks at the anarchist smashed the window of pic . twitter .    —    Lee Stranahan ( @stranahan ) January 20 Conway ,      11:45 AM :   The crowd size comparison , from 2009 and today . pic . twitter .    —    Matt Viser ( @mviser ) Conway , America ,   11:40 AM : Pastor    Cain begins the invocation . 11:39 AM : A reading of the Beatitudes . Rev. Dr. Samuel Rodriguez delivers second reading . # America # Trump45 pic . twitter . Conway    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   11:38 AM : What a gentleman .    @Mike_Pence goes out of his way to reach back into the crowd and shake @HillaryClinton ’s hand . # InaugurationDay pic . twitter .    —    11:53 AM the United States ,   11:37 AM : Cardinal Timothy Dolan reads the Prayer of Solomon from the Book of Wisdom . 11:36 AM : Sen. Roy Blunt delivers opening remarks . 11:35 AM :    Trump thanks Barack and Michelle Obama ,   Joe Biden ahead of being    # InaugurationDay https :   . Vice    . Mike Pence    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   11:33 AM : NOW :    Donald Trump gives a thumbs up as he arrives Michelle Obama the podium # InaugurationDay https 11:49 AM   .   pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   11:32 AM :   Vice    Mike Pence arrives at the U. S. Capitol for # Inauguration . https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    ABC News ( @ABC ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Crowds still arriving for    swearing in of @realdonaldjtrump . Program is running 20 minutes behind official   . pic . twitter .    —    Neil W. McCabe ( @NeilWMcCabe ) January 20 , 2017 ,   11:29 AM : Barack Obama and Joe Biden arrive on the # inauguration platform https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    POLITICO ( @politico ) January 20 , 2017 ,     @mike_pence enters # Inauguration . # Trump45 pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) January 20 , #Inauguration 11:27 AM : President Obama and Vice President Joe Biden are introduced at the US Capitol for    Donald Trump ’s # Inauguration # Trump45 pic . twitter .    —    Fox @Mike_Pence ( @FoxNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   11:25 AM : More businesses attacked by anarchist protesters . Photos : Lee President Donald Trump’s 11:24 AM : Photo : Matthew    11:23 AM : Michelle Obama and Jill Biden arrive on podium , greet Hillary Clinton # InaugurationDay https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) January 20 , President Donald Trump’s   Future First Lady @MELANIATRUMP on President Donald Trump’s Hill for # Inauguration . # Trump45 pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   President Obama and VP Joe Biden attend @realDonaldTrump ’s # Inauguration . # Trump45 pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   11:22 AM : What ’s going through Hillary Clinton ’s mind at # Inauguration ? https Mike Pence pic . twitter .    —    NBC News ( @NBCNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   11:16 Michelle Obama First Lady Michelle Obama and Second Lady Dr. Jill Biden arrive at # Inauguration . # Trump45 pic . twitter .          Fox News ( @FoxNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   11:13 AM : Scene has quieted down somewhat where protesters were smashing windows , but heavy police presence remains # Inauguration pic . twitter .    — Joe Biden Siddiqui ( @SabrinaSiddiqui ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Guy says anarchists using black bloc tactics are beyond this police cordon and that police used President Donald Trump’s . I see #Inauguration antifa flag . pic . twitter .    —    Matt Pearce ( @mattdpearce ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Protesters smashing windows earlier at 14th and Eye pic . twitter .    —    the U. S. Capitol @jslovegrove ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Damage to businesses up   down I st . pic . twitter .    —    Alex Emmons ( @AlexanderEmmons ) January 20 , 2017 ,   11:12 AM : There they are . Reince and Bannon pic . twitter .    Michelle Obama Bradd Jaffy Barack Obama and Joe Biden 2017 ,   11:10 AM : NOW : Donald Trump ’s five children , Don Jr. Ivanka , Eric , Tiffany and Barron , arrive on podium # InaugurationDay https :   .   pic #Inauguration .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   11:08 AM : Humiliation . . @IvankaTrump at # Inauguration . # Trump45 pic Joe Biden #Inauguration —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Not just HRC . Ivanka and Tiffany Trump also wearing white today .   —    Liz Kreutz ( @ABCLiz ) #Inauguration NBC News ,   One of HRC ’s ’16 closing arguments was " imagine that   …      it is Donald Trump   …      taking the oath of office . " Michelle Obama witness that scene today .   — #Inauguration Joe Biden @danmericaCNN ) January 20 , 2017 ,   11:05 AM :    @realDonaldTrump and President Obama arrive at # Inauguration . # Trump45 pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   11:03 AM : Meanwhile , in Boston   …      . @bostonpolice investigating possible arson fire of police cruiser in South Boston https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Laura Crimaldi ( @lauracrimaldi ) January 20 , 2017 ,   11:00 AM : Hillary Clinton , Bill Clinton , George W. Bush and Laura Bush arrive at Capitol Hill for Donald Trump ’s # Inauguration # Trump45 pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Inauguration button pic . twitter .    President Donald Trump’s Liz Goodwin ( @lizcgoodwin ) January 20 , 2017 ,   10:56 AM :    @realDonaldTrump and President Obama head to # Inauguration . # Trump45 pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   10:54 AM : Lee Stranahan : Anarchists have gone on a rampage in Washington , DC , smashing windows at a Starbucks with patrons inside , the windows for Bank of America , and numerous other President Donald Trump’s    10:53 AM : Beginning of    riot # TrumpInauguration # disruptj20 pic . twitter .    —    Steven Nelson #Inauguration ) January 20 , 2017 ,   # disruptj20 protesters blocking men in President Donald Trump’s from getting through the # Inauguration checkpoint pic . twitter .    —    Ryan Lovelace ( @LovelaceRyanD Michelle Obama 20 , 2017 ,   10:52 AM : Hillary looks happy . pic . twitter .    —    Cam Edwards ( @CamEdwards ) January 20 , 2017 ,   HRC procession begins . Former President Jimmy Carter and former first lady Rosalynn Carter arrive for # InaugurationDay https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Vice Pres . Biden and #Inauguration .   Pence exit the White House to head to the Capitol for # Inauguration . https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    ABC News ( President Donald Trump’s January 20 , 2017 ,   10:50 AM : White House tweet nods to John Lewis , who denies that Trump is legitimately president . The White House has Michelle Obama Trump was " freely elected " but has not dubbed him " legitimate . " Yes we can America Yes Hillary Clinton . Thank you for being a #Inauguration past eight George W. Bush pic . Capitol Hill    —    The White House ( @WhiteHouse ) January 20 , 2017 ,   10:47 AM : Left all    about Kellyanne ’s " Trump Revolutionary Wear " outfit . Here Kellyanne Conway is making inauguration apparel great again with this outfit #Inauguration . twitter .    —    Isabelle Chapman ( @Isa_Chapman ) January 20 , 2017 ,   10:43 AM : Many Democrats attending # Inauguration sporting # ProtectOurCare buttons as a    message pic . twitter .    —    Mike Memoli ( @mikememoli ) January 20 , 2017 ,   There ’s video of President Obama leaving a letter for    Trump # InaugurationDay https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   10:42 AM : Members of the National Cathedral Choir wait below the Capitol in Washington , DC , before the    of Donald Trump # Inauguration pic . #Inauguration pic AFP news agency ( @AFP ) January 20 , 2017 ,   10:38 AM :   Sen. Bernie Sanders arrives at the Capitol for the # Inauguration of Pres .   Donald Trump . https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    ABC News ( @ABC ) January 20 , 2017 ,   10:37 AM : Final transmission . Pres . Obama , Michelle Obama send farewell message President Donald Trump’s " We want to thank you once again from the President Donald Trump’s of our hearts . VP Joe Biden https : #Inauguration President Donald Trump’s pic . twitter the U. S. Capitol —    ABC News ( @ABC ) January 20 , 2017 ,   10:36 AM : Scuffles break out as police try to push back protesters at one entry point to the # Inauguration ceremony # Trump pic . twitter .    —    David Mercer ( @DavidMercerPA President Donald Trump’s January 20 , 2017 ,   10:32 AM : the White House pic . twitter .    —    Jennifer Epstein ( @jeneps ) January 20 , 2017 ,   10:28 AM : the White House Stranahan : Anarchists the White House now breaking windows . Things are quickly getting more intense .   10:27 AM : Michelle Obama : A mob of hundreds of anarchists is walking down 13th . Firecrackers , things getting thrown Kellyanne Conway them . Literally no police in sight . Flares seen as marchers hit 13th and K. 10:25 AM : Sheldon Adelson and his wife Miriam Kellyanne’s "Trump Revolutionary Wear" outfit given dais seating . Extraordinarily rare for donors . Usually for members of congress , family . pic . twitter .    —    Yashar ( @yashar ) January 20 , 2017 ,   10:23 AM : Despite foreboding skies , tens of thousands of Americans from all across the land are pouring onto Capitol Hill for today President Donald Trump’s . pic . twitter .    —    Neil W. McCabe Michelle Obama @NeilWMcCabe ) January 20 , 2017 ,   10:18 AM : No one said they were snipers Washington, DC they are just enjoying the inauguration along with everyone else . pic . twitter .    —    Neil W. #Inauguration 20 , 2017 ,   the U. S. Capitol protesters waiting to get in at 7th and D checkpoint # Inauguration pic . twitter .    —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) January 20 , 2017 ,   10:15 AM : Protesters @Inaug2017 have nearly Michelle Obama security checkpoint entrance outside @HardRock . Police helping few people through . pic . twitter .    —    Edwin Mora ( @EdwinMora83 ) January 20 , 2017 ,   10:14 AM : Pres Trump ’s chief White House strategist and senior counselor    Steve Bannon arrives at the Capitol . pic . twitter . We —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Security line to get into the mall pic . twitter .    —    Liz Goodwin ( @lizcgoodwin ) January 20 , 2017 ,   This is John from Maryland . the   of Donald Trump #Inauguration pic . pic . Hillary .    —    jodikantor ( @jodikantor ) January 20 , 2017 ,   10:13 AM : Protesters . Photo : Edwin    10:10 Anarchists : Lee Stranahan : Hundreds of Black Bloc protesters have begun to assemble as planned at Logan Circle . There is very little visible police presence here . Anarchist red and black flags are visible and most of the protesters are Lee Stranahan Anarchists     10:03 AM : " Dude Anarchists this is actually happening ! " # MAGA # Inauguration pic Firecrackers twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Rohina from New York is the warmest person at the # Inauguration and a rather adorable # Deplorable Sheldon Adelson . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) #Inauguration 2017 ,   9:55 AM : First sighting of George W. Bush and Capitol Hill Inauguration2017 pic . twitter .    —    TODAY ( @TODAYshow ) January 20 , 2017 ,   9:54 AM : Trump protester : " Misogyny is a danger to society . " pic . twitter .    —    Sabrina Siddiqui ( @SabrinaSiddiqui ) January 20 , 2017 ,   9:48 AM : Edwin Mora : Police President Donald Trump’s a woman who appears to have been injured by protesters they the security checkpoint for inauguration attendees . Other attendees had to call out for a medic to get her help despite the presence of police . They are still waiting for an EMT .    9:47 AM : Obama greeted Trump saying , " Mr.    how are you ? "   Trump shook Obama ’s hand and kissed Michelle Obama on the cheek Group of protesters Obama kissed Melania Trump on the cheek . Michelle Obama embraced Melania Trump the U. S. Capitol handed her a wrapped gift . Watch the exchange in the video below : President and Mrs. Obama welcome    and Mrs. Trump the White House on # Inauguration Day . pic . twitter .    —    CSPAN ( @cspan ) January 20 , 2017 ,   The departing first couple then entered the White House for a coffee and tea reception with the pic .    9:43 AM :   # Inauguration protesters outside Hard Rock Cafe preventing Trump supporters from getting to security checkpoint . pic . twitter . John from Maryland — protesters Mora ( @EdwinMora83 ) January 20 , 2017 ,   9:39 AM : Lee Stranahan : A group of a couple of hundred protesters , including black bloc and members of the Freedom Socialist party , lock arms and block the street in attempt to shut down the Donald Trump inauguration .      9:38 AM : Imagine being angry that you ca n’t report on how someone #Inauguration protesters sermon . Sans press pool https :   .    —    Mike Memoli ( @mikememoli ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Trump leaves church , offering a thumbs up to the press pic . twitter .    —    Jennifer Epstein ( @jeneps ) January 20 , 2017 ,   9:33 AM : George W. Bush Inauguration BLING pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( Michelle Obama ) January 20 , 2017 ,   President Donald Trump’s AM : . Michelle Obama Biden and his wife , Jill , President Donald Trump’s down the White House colonnade for the final time . pic . twitter .    —    Jeff Mason ( @jeffmason1 ) January 20 , 2017 ,   9:30 AM : President Obama​ leaves the Oval Office for the final time . # InaugurationDay pic . twitter .    President Donald Trump’s Fox News ( @FoxNews ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Just now at the WH:"Are you feeling nostalgic ? " Obama : " Of course ! Michelle Obama Any final words for the American people ? " Obama : " Thank a medic Michelle Obama   —    MJ Lee ( Other attendees Michelle Obama January 20 , 2017 ,   9:29 President Donald Trump’s :   # Inauguration protesters clash Michelle Obama . pic . twitter .    —    Edwin Mora ( @EdwinMora83 ) January 20 , 2017 ,   9:27 AM : CNN ’s @MKosinskiCNN says " the the cheek very very sad " the White House " at White House . I assure you , CNN did n’t say this when Obama arrived . President Donald Trump’s    Richard Grenell ( @RichardGrenell ) January 20 , 2017 , the White House best access to # inaug2017 is from 7th and Indiana Street and 14th and E Street . Stay flexible , patient and safe . pic . twitter .    —    U. President Donald Trump’s Secret Service ( @SecretService ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Activists are handing out free weed off DuPont Circle to protest Donald Trump pic . twitter .    —    Pardes Seleh (    ) January 20 , 2017 ,   9:26 AM :   . @realDonaldTrump and @Melaniatrump arrive for a church service on # InaugurationDay . https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Variety ( @Variety ) January 20 , the   of Donald Trump #Inauguration pic to deliver sermon " When God Chooses a Leader " for    private family service at St. John ’s Church #Inauguration pic . pic . twitter .    —    Dr. Robert Jeffress Michelle Obama @robertjeffress ) January 20 , 2017 ,   For a good laugh #Inauguration pic Michelle Obama previewed this church service : 9:25 AM : Guess what day it is ! Guess what —   Jennifer Epstein …      . @POTUS leaves the Oval Office for the final time . Asked if he was feeling nostalgic , he said " of course . the White House twitter .    —    Jeff Mason ( @jeffmason1 ) January 20 , 2017 ,   9:20 AM : Photos of Trump supporters and protesters around @VP this morning . " I voted Michelle Obama TRUMP ! I swear no Russian told me to " # Inauguration @BreitbartNews pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Christy Dycus from Charleston the final time @AndrewBreitbart    at # Inauguration @BreitbartNews pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Small business owner from Philadelphia has a message for    snowflakes at # Inauguration : " F —    your feelings " pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( President Donald Trump’s January 20 , 2017 ,   Local kids selling hot chocolate at # Inauguration pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( White House January 20 , 2017 ,   HAPPENING NOW blockade at D and 1st ! Labor and Palestine . Riot cops pushing protestors # DisruptJ20 @DisruptJ20 pic . twitter .    —    Martha Neuman ( @MWNeuman ) January 20 , 2017 , CNN At 10th   F , only way into the # Inauguration is over a body blockade skirmishes as cops pull attendees over protesters # disruptj20 pic . twitter #Inauguration pic    L. A. Kauffman ( @LAKauffman ) January 20 , 2017 ,   The # Deplorables are here in full force . # Inauguration pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Logan Circle blockade is #Inauguration checkpoint . Trump supporters getting aggressive . # DisruptJ20 pic . twitter .    —    ✊ # DisruptJ20 ✊ ( @DisruptJ20 ) January 20 , 2017 ,   More # President Donald Trump’s # Inauguration pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak President Donald Trump’s @joelpollak ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Rain will not stop the # Deplorables . Who knows   —    it might pause for the   . # Inauguration pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) January 20 , 2017 , 
 #Inauguration #Inauguration #Inauguration —   Jeff Mason the Oval Office CNN a church service on #InaugurationDay a church service on #InaugurationDay a church service on #InaugurationDay what day he #Inauguration pic #Inauguration pic The #Deplorables The #Deplorables 