President Donald Trump will appoint a Supreme Court Justice to " uphold the    liberties enshrined in our Constitution in the tradition of the late and great Justice Antonin Scalia , " the new Vice President told the cheering crowd at the nation ’s March For Life . [ " We are , all of We , endowed by We Creator , with certain unalienable rights , and that among these are life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness , " Vice President Mike Pence declared Jan. 27 .   "   years ago our Supreme Court turned away from the first of these timeless ideals , " Vice President Mike Pence said , referring to the right to life declared by the Founders of the United States 240 years ago in the Declaration of Independence . Vice President Mike Pence , the first Vice President to attend the March , continued , " but today , three generations hence , because of all of you and the many thousands who stand with us in marches like this all across the United States , Life is winning again in America the United States " Vice President Mike Pence backed his claim with the election of Trump and the " election of    majorities in the Congress of the United States of America the United States " Trump Trump asked me to thank you for your support , for your stand for life and for your compassion for the women and children of America the United States " Pence said . " From his first day in office he his been keeping his his to the American people , " declared Pence , who then gave three specific actions of the Trump administration . " That ’s why on Monday , President Trump reinstated the Mexico City policy to prevent foreign aid from funding organizations that promote or perform abortions worldwide , " he President Trump . " That ’s why this the Trump administration the Trump administration with the Congress to end taxpayer funding of abortion and abortion providers and we will devote those resources to health care services for women across America , " Pence told the crowd . " That ’s why next week , President Donald Trump will announce a Supreme Court nominee who will uphold the    liberties enshrined in our Constitution in the tradition of the late and great Justice Antonin Scalia . " Pence called Friday ’s March a " celebration " of the progress of the Right to Life movement . " I ’ve long believed that a society can be judged by how we care for our most we : the aged , the infirm , the disabled and the unborn . " " We must meet this moment with respect and compassion for every American , " Pence said , calling this a historic moment for the " cause of life . " " Life is winning through the steady advance of science that illuminates when life begins , more and more every day , " said Pence . Pence Life is winning through the generosity of millions of adoptive families who open their hearts adoptive families homes to children in need . " Pence spoke Pence caregivers and volunteers at crisis pregnancy centers and at    organizations which minister to women across the country . He said " life is winning " also through the " quiet counsels between mothers and daughters , grandmothers and granddaughters , between friends across kitchen tables and over coffee at college campuses . " " The truth is being told , passion is overcoming convenience and hope is defeating despair , " said Pence . He urged those in the movement to " press on , " adding , Let your gentleness be evident to all . Let this movement the movement for love , not anger , let this movement be the movement compassion , not confrontation . When it comes to matters the movement the heart , there is nothing stronger than gentleness . I believe we will continue to win the hearts and minds of the rising generation if our hearts first break we young mothers and their unborn children and our hearts we , each of us do all we we to meet we where they are our hearts generosity our hearts not judgement . " On behalf of the President of the United States and my little family , we thank you for we stand for life . We thank you for we compassion . We thank you for we love for the women and children of America . " The Vice President continued , " Be assured along with you we will not grow we , we will not rest we we restore a culture we life in America for ourselves and America posterity we " we Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 