Update : Bank of America has also cancelled Bank of America sponsorship of New York City ’s Public Theater , becoming the second sponsor to pull Bank of America support from the this summer ’s season of Shakespeare in the Park . [ " Bank of America supports art programs worldwide , including an    partnership with The Public Theater and Shakespeare in the Park , " a spokesperson for the company told the New York Daily News Sunday . " The The Public Theater to present Julius Caesar in a way that was intended to provoke and offend . Had this intention been made known to us , we would have us not to sponsor it . " this intention Original story below : Delta Air Lines has cancelled its sponsorship of Delta Air Lines York City ’s Public Theater following backlash surrounding a Shakespeare in the Park production of Julius Caesar , a " contemporary " take on the classic play in which a Donald    twist on the titular character is graphically stabbed to death on stage . Breitbart News previously reported that this summer ’s Oskar    production of Julius Caesar   —    which opened in previews last month in Central Park ’s Delacorte Theater   —    had sparked controversy over its main character    striking resemblance to President Trump . The character sports blonde ,    hair and a business suit and tie , and his wife Calpurnia    with a Slavic accent , similar to that of First Lady Melania President Trump at a recent performance shows the    Caesar character graphically stabbed to death during the climax of the play . One attendee recently told Mediaite that the character ’s resemblance to Trump the   Caesar character graphically stabbed to death during the climax of the play assassination scene particularly President Trump shocking and distasteful . " In the wake of the controversy , Delta Airlines has reportedly cancelled its sponsorship of the Public Theater , Delta Airlines stages the free productions of Shakespeare in the Park . " No matter what your political stance may be , the graphic staging of Julius Caesar at this summer ’s Free Shakespeare in the Park does not reflect Delta Air the Park , " the company said in a statement Sunday Delta Airlines Their artistic and creative direction crossed the line Delta Airlines the standards of good taste . We have notified them of our decision to Delta Airlines our sponsorship Delta Airlines the Delta Airlines airline of the Delta Airlines Theater effective immediately , " the statement added . Other sponsors of the New a statement ’s Public Theater include American Express , the New York Times and Bank of America . The Delta sponsorship cancellation represents a blow to the Public Theater nearly two weeks after another controversy sparked the Public Theater depiction of President Trump ’s death led to lost sponsorship and business opportunities . In May , comedian Kathy Griffin posed for a photograph with a fake , bloodied head of the president in her outstretched arm . The photograph generated a firestorm President Trump’s and Griffin comedian Kathy Griffin quickly fired from a photograph with a fake, bloodied head of the president in her outstretched arm on CNN ’s annual New Year comedian Kathy Griffin Eve Live broadcast . comedian Kathy Griffin comedian also lost out on a commercial deal with a restroom accessories comedian Kathy Griffin had several scheduled performances on her    comedy tour cancelled .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum comedian Kathy Griffin 