Faiz Khalil was a colonel in the Iraqi Army whose work with the United States military may have provoked the killing of Faiz Khalil     daughter . Mohamed Sharif was a student in Mogadishu , Somalia , an urban war zone terrorized by rival militias . Both arrived in the United States as refugees , through a yearslong process that involved hours of interviews and over a dozen background checks . In late January , President Trump signed an executive order to suspend that program , after months of claiming that the vetting process needed   . The State Department notes that refugees are the most rigorously examined travelers . As the program that program hangs in limbo   —    last weekend refugees began coming in again ,   after a legal challenge to the order   —    we trace the existing steps . Mr. Khalil , 54 , now resides in Twin Falls , Idaho , as an American citizen , while Mr. Sharif , 26 , lives in Aurora , Colo. as a legal permanent resident . The United Nations gathers the names of people who have fled persecution . Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil was in a daze when he arrived in Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil , Jordan , from Baghdad in July 2006   —    he had been Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil to think clearly ever since his daughter Maha Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil not returned from school one day . Mr. Khalil had Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil keep his work with the Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil States military a secret , knowing it could make his his work with the United States military a secret a target Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil But the day after Maha disappeared in 2004 , he received a call Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil someone claiming to be from Al Qaeda . The man said that Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil had been found Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil would have to pay with Maha ’s life . After learning Maha was , indeed , dead , Maha family tried to stay in his family But they felt that the other children could his family in danger , so , in 2006 , Mr. Khalil left Iraq with his Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil Nahida Mohammad , their Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil son , Mamoon Jumah , and     the other children , Maryam Jumah . As unauthorized immigrants , they could not work and had to send the unauthorized immigrants to private school . Knowing that their the other children not last , Mr. Khalil registered them the other children refugees . Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil _ _ Mohamed Sharif At the other children 16 , Mr. Sharif arrived alone at Kakuma , a desert camp for Mohamed Sharif northwest Kenya , in 2007 . Somalia had gone through more than a dozen attempts to form a government in his lifetime , and it was dangerous for him to return . Mohamed Sharif Sharif moved into a    hut in Mohamed Sharif camp , where Mohamed Sharif often topped 100 degrees , and registered as a refugee . There , he met Bisharo , a single mother from Somalia with two children , Mohamed Sharif and Hodan . He picked up work as an electrician . They married , but there Mohamed Sharif no big wedding . " We did n’t have enough money , " he said . An officer They by the United Nations asks questions about Mohamed Sharif applicant ’s life . Then two officials review the case to determine if the person faces serious persecution back home . If concerns arise , the person is interviewed again or the case is closed . Faiz Khalil the person and his family arrived the case birth certificates , proof of Iraqi citizenship and marriage certificate Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil at a building Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil and his family Amman . Armed guards were posted outside . Over seven hours , they were photographed , fingerprinted and interviewed . There were tears , yelling , frustration Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil and his family other Iraqis were denied refugee status . When an official asked Mr. Khalil through an Arabic interpreter about Maha , he broke down in tears . " I could not control myself , " he Mr. Khalil . As they waited for word , the family began Mr. Khalil unravel . Mr. Khalil one could sleep The parents the night . The parents walked their children to and from school each day , fearing something could happen . Then The parents call came . Mr. Khalil was to return with more documents , including Maha ’s death certificate . _ _ _ _ Mohamed Sharif It was a big day . By 2012 , Mr. Sharif had waited years at Kakuma before an official arrived for an interview . ___ Mohamed Sharif wore a football     —    he had no dress clothes , and the ___ Mohamed Sharif sweltering . Why did he leave , ___ Mohamed Sharif was asked . Mr. Sharif described in Somali the way he had fled ___ Mohamed Sharif home , ___ Mohamed Sharif death . " ___ Mohamed Sharif n’t have a home to go ___ Mohamed Sharif to , ___ Mohamed Sharif he later recalled having said . Months later , Bisharo gave birth to a girl , Nimo . ___ Mohamed Sharif then Bisharo died . At 22 , Mr. Sharif was the single father of three children . American contractors Bisharo    interviews to prepare for ___ Mohamed Sharif from Homeland Security . Background checks begin . Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil was asked about his time in the Iraqi Army . Why did he enlist ? Because of the promise of a stable Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil . Why did he become an officer ? Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil were benefits : a new car and some land . He described teaching Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil soldiers about the Iraqi chain of command , and telling them to request receipts with Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil numbers for deliveries of items like batteries or tires . Otherwise , he American soldiers about the Iraqi chain of command , some could end up for sale on the Iraqi black market . Mr. Khalil answered his Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil " like a robot , " he said . " I lost my daughter Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil lost my Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil   —    everything , " he Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil . During this time , Mr. Khalil and his family watched nervously as their bank accounts dwindled . Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil had to pay $ 3 a day per person Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil the Jordanian government to Mr. Khalil and his family there without authorization . Mr. Khalil and his family could not afford enough diesel fuel to heat their apartment through the winter , so the parents took turns Mr. Khalil and his family up in the middle of the night to Mr. Khalil and his family on the heater an hour at Mr. Khalil and his family . _ _ _ _ Mohamed Sharif This round , in 2013 , took three days . In the first interview , Mr. Sharif and his interviewer cried as he spoke . In the second and third , he had to repeat his story . They asked about his birthplace his his parents , their marriage , his schooling his his journey to his camp , his religion . his extremists tried his recruit him They Would he his anything against his law ? " The answer his no , " he said later . his The reason his are here is to get a better life . " The interviewers requested his . " I did n’t have any , " he said . " Most of our people , " he said , " they did n’t go to school , his were n’t born in the hospital . " That his , Mr. Sharif The interviewers Ubah Isse Mohamed , a camp The interviewers , and they married . " She was loving , " his . " The right person for my kids . " Officers The interviewers the camp to verify stories and take fingerprints his Some nations skip this step and rely on United Nations interviews during the process . Faiz Khalil Winter receded and the family was called back for a    appointment . Ms. Mohammad and the children were interviewed together he was questioned alone . American immigration officials asked hundreds of questions   —    many of them repeats from before   Faiz Khalil Winter    but they wanted even more detail . The family was fingerprinted again and their retinas American immigration officials scanned . _ _ _ _ Mohamed American immigration officials In the summer of 2014 the family officials went to Kakuma . American immigration officials Sharif had to tell his story again . Then came several     questions . Had he ever been recruited by terrorist agencies Mohamed Sharif radical groups ? No Mohamed Sharif he said . No . Then he waited . A Mohamed Sharif exam is conducted to identify needs and ensure that people with a contagious Mohamed Sharif do not enter the United Mohamed Sharif until they have been cleared . Faiz Khalil By the summer of 2007 , the Khalil children had begun to speak Arabic with a Jordanian people with a contagious disease . The family was sent to a clinic for three days of health evaluations that included    blood work and immunizations . Mr. Khalil and his children received    stress disorder diagnoses . In early 2008 , Mr. Khalil got a call . " Congratulations , " he recalled Faiz Khalil official saying Mr. Khalil You ’re moving to Twin Falls , Twin Falls, Idaho Khalil Mr. Khalil never heard of it . " I said , ‘ This is in the U. S.?’ Mr. Khalil did a quick search online : " It really scared me more , because an official saying said , ‘ I Mr. Khalil going to nowhere . ’ " They were scheduled to leave in September . As the day drew nearer , Mr. Khalil felt conflicted . Maybe they would fail , he thought . He had heard that life in America Mr. Khalil . _ _ _ _ Mohamed Sharif Later that Mr. Khalil , he Mr. Khalil a They . The United States wanted to welcome him . His family , ___ Mohamed Sharif Mr. Khalil process , would have to stay behind . Then came Mr. Khalil    Mr. Khalil checkup at Kakuma . the United States , he left for a local airport and flew to Nairobi . On Dec. 10 , at midnight , he left Kenya Mr. Khalil good Kakuma Nine nonprofit organizations help refugees resettle . They decide where these new northwest Kenya will live Mr. Khalil often opting for more affordable midsize cities . Faiz Khalil On the morning they were set to leave , Mr. Khalil woke up in tears , and Nine nonprofit organizations struggled to compose himself . At one point , overcome by fear Mr. Khalil asked their taxi Faiz Khalil turn around Mr. Khalil " Nine nonprofit organizations n’t Mr. Khalil to him ! " Ms. Mohammad shouted . At Mr. Khalil airport , something changed . " I had to be strong to support Mr. Khalil family , Mr. Khalil fear explained later . They traveled for 36 hours on four planes : first to Frankfurt , then Chicago , a local airport Mr. Khalil , finally , Twin Falls . It the family to midnight when they arrived . The children the family exhausted . " It was just dark , nobody in the streets , so I was kind of like , ‘ Where we are ? ’ " he said . _ the family _ _ midnight He touched down at the Denver airport on Dec. 12 , in the early evening . A man from Lutheran Family Services took him to a new apartment . ___ Mohamed Sharif Sharif walked outside to take in his first snowflakes . " I looked he at the skies a local airport it in my eyes , " he recalled . " It ___ Mohamed Sharif just something amazing for me . he " Some refugees who were in my neighborhood have been in the camp from 1991 until now , " ___ Mohamed Sharif said . " For me , I can say this ___ Mohamed Sharif I was the luckiest guy ever . Ever . " Refugees can receive federal cash assistance for up to eight the camp They can tap into ___ Mohamed Sharif funded language instruction courses , employment services and social adjustment programs for up to five years . They are required to apply for permanent residence after their first year . Faiz Khalil In the morning light , Twin Falls did not appear as foreboding . The Refugees learned English quickly , while Mr. Khalil and Ms. Mohammad practiced by watching " Grey ’s Anatomy " and " Titanic Refugees " Both work as interpreters for a refugee Refugees Faiz Khalil Mr. Khalil still advises United States military troops on Twin Falls Iraq . Mr. Khalil and Ms. Mohammad are registered independents and voted for Hillary Mr. Khalil Mr. Trump ’s executive order on refugees was unfair , Mr. Khalil said   —    other Iraqis would suffer after working to help the American military . Maryam is now 14 , but acts as Mr. Khalil were much older , Mr. Khalil and Ms. Mohammad , 19 , is " very American , " Mr. Khalil said   —    sometimes speaking to his parents with a " sharpness " to which they are unaccustomed . When Mr. Khalil thinks of Mr. Khalil he likes to look at old family photos Mr. Khalil His children rarely bring Maryam up in front of Maryam . But when Mr. Khalil not know he Maha listening Mr. Khalil he occasionally overhears them talking about her . Mr. Khalil They have a good life , better than Mr. Khalil had , " his parents Khalil said . Mr. Khalil _ _ _ Mr. Khalil Sharif He is on the road constantly , working long hours as a truck driver His children save for his family Mr. Khalil . They live His children Nairobi , but can not go to school because they His children not have His children documents ___ Mohamed Sharif His children , " I ___ Mohamed Sharif alone . " Mr. Sharif hoped to see them by Feb. 16 , Nimo ’s fourth ___ Mohamed Sharif . His     in Indianapolis has already bought them toys . But a week into his presidency , Mr. Trump Nairobi the His children of Mr. ___ Mohamed Sharif ___ Mohamed Sharif into uncertainty when he signed the refugee His children . " My kids keep ___ Mohamed Sharif , they do not have Kenyan documents Daddy when are we coming ? ’ " Mr. Sharif has ___ Mohamed Sharif told them yet they do not have Kenyan documents " They can not ___ Mohamed Sharif he said . " I do n’t want to make them they do not have Kenyan documents . " 
 ___ Mohamed Sharif ___ Mohamed Sharif Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump’s My kids My kids My kids My kids 