   protesters ran wild across Washington , D. C. on the eve of President Donald Trump ’s inauguration , obliging the police to douse them in pepper spray . I dubbed the event " Loserpalooza " on Twitter:[Looks like Loserpalooza was a smash . Nothing says " love wins " like forcing the police to    you . https :   .    —    John Hayward ( @Doc_0 ) January 20 , 2017 , Pepper seasoning was added to this assortment of mixed nuts outside the " DeploraBall " inaugural event . Politico quoted NBC News reports about the demonstrators burning a Trump hat and lugging around an inflatable elephant festooned with a " RACISM " banner   —    because Republicans are racists , get it ? See ? SEE ?   —    and then added their own impressions of the madness :   Protesters outside the building chanted " Nazi scum " at DeploraBall attendees as Protesters outside the building entered the building and a DeploraBall Twitter account posted videos of the group outside chanting " F —    Trump . " Along with the video , the DeploraBall account ’s post read , " SHOUTING WONT CHANGE TOMORROWS OUTCOME   …      CANT WAIT TO SAY PRESIDENT @realDonaldTrump . " The demonstrators also brought with The demonstrators a projector , used to project two messages onto nearby buildings : " Impeach the predatory president " and " bragging about grabbing a woman ’s genitals . " Here ’s some video of the tear gas flowing : BREAKING : DC police mace , teargas    protests outside National Press club . Video : # disruptj20 pic . twitter .    —    DCMediaGroup ( @DCMediaGroup ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Here are some more postcards from the edge , as lefty mobs do lefty mobs best to convince Trump voters lefty mobs made the right choice in November : Tiny activist boasts of setting fires :   No    protest is complete without some child abuse , so there was a little boy telling Fox News reporter Griff Jenkins that a little boy telling Fox News reporter Griff Jenkins that he started a fire outside the National Press Club started a fire outside the National Press Club " because I felt like it , and because I ’m just saying , ‘ Screw our president ! " Technically , a little boy telling Fox News reporter Griff Jenkins that he started a fire outside the National Press Club was saying " Screw Barack Obama , " who remains the current president until Trump takes the oath of office , but whoever taught a little boy telling Fox News reporter Griff Jenkins that he started a fire outside the National Press Club to start fires to express a little boy telling Fox News reporter Griff Jenkins that he started a fire outside the National Press Club unthinking rage apparently did n’t bother to teach a little boy telling Fox News reporter Griff Jenkins that he started a fire outside the National Press Club much in the way of civics .   " We have to really be concerned about this dangerous direction our country is going in . When you come for We communities , when you come for We , and when you try to violate We rights , We will resist , " a Loserpalooza spokeswoman told Jenkins . The rest of We are really concerned about    thugs blocking streets and setting things on fire . Michael Moore melts down : Were are the clowns ? Quick , send in the clowns ! Do n’t bother   …      they ’re here . Helplessly blubbering in uncontrollable hysteria , Michael Moore rolled Michael Moore C. like a lump of cholesterol slowly passing through the veins of the city , filling his Twitter stream with Michael Moore photographs and worse poetry : Passing the White House on the Obamas last night , sound asleep inside . The country wide awake , afraid 2 close its eyes pic . twitter The country    —    Michael Moore ( @MMFlint ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Just arrived in DC . Police lights flashing everywhere in the middle of the night . Reichstag tonite last night democracy . pic . twitter .    —    Michael Moore ( @MMFlint —   Michael Moore ( ,   Actually , @MMFlint) is wide awake because your protester buddies are making a lot of noise , Mike , and frankly we ’re worried about the vandalsim and violence you ’re likely to commit when you gather in large numbers . Moore also attended a protest rally in New York City —   Michael Moore ( Thursday night , along with such Hollywood intellectual giants as Alec Baldwin and Mark Ruffalo , where he declared President Trump would " not last four years —   Michael Moore ( and called for " a hundred days of protest . " His actor buddies should clue him in to the actual attention span of his followers . His , he should remember that George Soros His a ton of money His against America after the election , and might not be able to afford 100 days of    . " We oppose totalitarianism ! " scream totalitarians : Enjoy the spectacle of people who fantasize about being brave resistance fighters against Trumpian tyranny blocking off checkpoints , denying others their rights to speech and assembly without a second thought : others Trump supporters trying to attend # Inauguration told " this checkpoint is closed " by # DisruptJ20 protesters at # BlackLivesMatter blockade pic . twitter .    —    Alexander Rubinstein ( @AlexR_DC ) January 20 , 2017 , They were still blockading intersections and getting into tussles with riot cops on Friday morning : HAPPENING NOW blockade at D and 1st ! Labor and Palestine . Riot cops pushing protestors # DisruptJ20 @DisruptJ20 pic . twitter .    —    Martha Neuman ( @MWNeuman ) January 20 , 2017 ,   As former White House Press Secretary Ari Fleischer succinctly observed : If they ’re blocking attendees from entering , they ’re not protestors former White House Press Secretary Ari Fleischer succinctly observed They ’re interfering with the rights former White House Press Secretary Ari Fleischer succinctly observed others and should be former White House Press Secretary Ari Fleischer succinctly observed . https :   .    —    Ari Fleischer ( @AriFleischer ) January 20 , 2017 , " Rights " are only for people with the correct politics , Mr. Fleischer ! The whole " occupy " strategy of the —   Ari Fleischer from Occupy Wall Street through Black Lives Matter , is about forcing people to listen by illegally seizing property and blocking off roads . And then they wonder why so many people voted for Donald Trump when he people he ’d get America moving again . Peaceful , tolerant Donald Trump throw Donald Trump , assault Trump supporters : Gateway Pundit reported on Trump supporters getting pelted with eggs , with one woman talking about Donald Trump she was struck in the head several times : James Allsup reported one woman was ambushed by thugs in ski masks and beaten bloody . James Allsup I was wearing my ‘ Make America Great Again’ hat , and a white male came up behind me and swung at me with a flagpole   —    I James Allsup of blacked out James Allsup a minute . Before I knew it , my head was gushing blood   —    there ’s blood on my Trump hat , " he told Fox News . " I ’m all for disagreeing , James Allsup debate people all the time and I want to engage in these discussions , but they ’re throwing bottles . I would be livid if people who all the time Trump were doing this to Hillary supporters , " Allsup added . He posted photos of the aftermath on Twitter : Here are the James Allsup images of the assault aftermath before being treated by EMS and taken to the hospital . # Deploraballpic . twitter .    —    James Allsup ( @realJamesAllsup ) January 20 , 2017 , His Twitter feed quickly filled with caring , compassionate liberals who accused James Allsup of faking the blood , and even of faking his hospital James Allsup , but there is video of the entire assault James Allsup and you can see the thug waving his flagpole around :   That ’s what you get for thinking the thug can walk around wearing whatever you want and expressing your opinions in a city under occupation by the Army of Tolerance , buddy . Anarchists unite ! Sky News caught a menacing    crew marching around with anarchist flags and threatening slogans . Nothing brings people together like a little ISIS cosplay ! The funny thing is , the same people are also given to protesting globalist trade meetings that very much believe in their " no borders , no nations " ideology .    Trump the same people are taking place in Washington https :   .    —    Sky News ( @SkyNews ) January 20 , 2017 , The police have started arresting some of the    brigades , and they ’re not taking it well : Police clash with protesters ahead The police Donald Trump ’s # Inauguration https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Reuters Top News ( @Reuters ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Socialist mayor shuts down his own city : Not all of the fun and frolic was Socialist mayor place in D. C. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio " caused traffic mayhem for his own political gains , " as the New York Post put Socialist mayor , by heading up a " massive    protest in Columbus Circle . " The streets were lined with obstacles such as sand trucks and , eventually , Michael Moore . " Michael Moore terrible , I just want to go home , " and " It ’s irresponsible of the mayor , " and " I ’m appalled It what ’s happening Socialist mayor I am angry at de Blasio " were among the comments from    New Yorkers collected by the D. C. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio " The rally ended up looking like this : It looks like the the New York Post dissolving into one big Godwin ’s Law violation . They The rally so    that they get to pretend they ’re brave heroes battling an evil dictator ! These are the same They that tried , They considerable success , to shut down bakeries and pizzerias over ideological disagreements when they were in power . At this very moment , as seen above , they ’re using These to shut down the free speech of others . They ’re displacing a These amount of guilt for their own sins against democracy onto Trump ’s These . He should send them a bill for These President Trump . Vandalism and President Trump peace and justice : Are the lefty These breaking windows and stealing stuff to express their commitment to " justice ? " You bet they are ! # BREAKING    protesters are now Vandalism and for peace and justice windows on the streets of Washington . pic . twitter .    —    Doc Thompson ( @DocThompsonShow ) January Washington , 2017 ,   # BREAKING : [ VIDEO ] More footage of    protestors destroying a @Starbucks # InaugurationDay # TrumpProtest pic . twitter .    —    Kris Cruz ( @rc_kris ) January 20 , 2017 , Damage to businesses up   down I st . pic . twitter .    —    Alex Emmons ( @AlexanderEmmons ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Why do they always take out a Starbucks when they go nuts ? The UK Independent says protesters also trashed a Bank of America branch , and they were " unconfirmed reports of looting . " America Observers said the disorder appeared to be organised , with the    group splitting from a larger protest before launching the wave of vandalism , " the Independent adds . They even trashed a bus stop . Are n’t liberals supposed to love mass The UK Independent Bus bay smashed at    # wmata pic . twitter .    —    Faiz Siddiqui ( @faizsays ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Lefty brigades show typical respect for American troops : Here ’s a gang of protesters trying to prevent Air Force men from entering an inauguration checkpoint :    protesters block men in Air Force uniforms from entering the # Inauguration checkpoint . pic . twitter .    —    Breaking911 ( Air Force January 20 , 2017 ,   What a great way to win hearts and minds ! 
 