Media and Hollywood elites were among the many who mocked incoming senior Donald Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway , over the outfit she wore for President Trump ’s inauguration on Friday . [ What incoming senior Donald Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway told NBC News was incoming senior Donald Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway " President Trump’s wear " is actually a red , white , and blue Gucci coat . incoming senior Donald Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway wore the $ 3 , 600 coat with a bright red hat and red gloves .   It did n’t take long for the internet to notice incoming senior Donald Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway ’s outfit , and incoming senior Donald Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway was mercilessly mocked . Below is a sampling of some of the sexist insults hurled at Trump President Trump’s senior strategist , many of them from Conway’s outfit, and she was mercilessly mocked very media tasked to cover the Trump White House . The Daily Show Twitter : incoming senior Donald Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway dressed as the era Trump wants to President Trump’s America back to . # InaugurationDay pic . twitter .    —    The Daily Show ( @TheDailyShow ) January 20 , 2017 ,     blog Jezebel : Haha what the fuck is Kellyanne incoming senior Donald Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway # inauguration2017 https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Jezebel ( @Jezebel ) January 20 , 2017 ,   The Huffington Post Lifestyle : Kellyanne Conway incoming senior Donald Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway America . Just ask her outfit . incoming senior Donald Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway :   .   pic . twitter .    —    HuffPost Lifestyle ( @HPLifestyle ) January 20 , 2017 ,   The Hollywood    offshoot    : Kellyanne Conway dresses incoming senior Donald Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway jester for # TrumpInauguration : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —       ( @pretareporter ) January 20 , 2017 ,   NBC , Today Show reporter Ronan Farrow : My aesthetic is Kellyanne Conway revolutionary war incoming senior Donald Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway pic . twitter .    —    Ronan Farrow ( @RonanFarrow ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Staff writer for The Hollywood Reporter Ryan Parker : pic . twitter .    —    Ryan Parker ( @TheRyanParker ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Managing Editor , Video for Mic Slade Sohmer : ♫ Guns . And ships . And so the balance shifts . ♫ pic . twitter .    — ♫ Slade Sohmer ( @Slade ) January 20 , 2017 ,   New York Time SundayStyles reporter Katie Rosman : Because I ca n’t stop tweeting about Kellyanne Conway ’s awful $ 3500 Gucci coat : please salute the Homewood , Alabama HS drum major team ! pic . twitter .    —    katie rosman ( @katierosman ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Assignment Editor for New York Daily News Joseph Barracato : Ready , Set , Inaugurate ! @KellyannePolls wears      ‘ Trump Revolutionary Wear’ coat to inauguration https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Joseph Barracato ( @JoeBarracato ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Columnist , Opinion Producer , CBC Robyn Urback : For inauguration day , Kellyanne Conway debuts the uniform of the new Trump guard pic . twitter .    —    Robyn Urback ( @RobynUrback ) January 20 , 2017 ,   The Huffington Post reporter Matt Fuller : Ca n’t believe Steve Bannon did n’t wear a matching outfit with Kellyanne Conway . pic . twitter . Kellyanne Conway    Matt Fuller ( @MEPFuller ) January 20 , 2017 ,   NFL Draft analysts Tyler Brooke : Why does Kellyanne Conway look like the old New England Kellyanne Conway ? pic . twitter .    —    Tyler Brooke ( @TylerDBrooke ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Late Night With Seth Meyers writer Dina Gusovsky : Here ’s Kellyanne Conway fresh from defeating the Hessians at the Kellyanne Conway Trenton CC : @jeffkbell pic . twitter .    —    Dina Gusovsky ( @DinaGusovsky ) January 20 , 2017 , 
 