After brokering a deal on health care in the House , Freedom Caucus chairman Rep. Mark Meadows is working on a grand bargain in the Senate . Freedom Caucus chairman Rep. Mark Meadows told HuffPost that he has been Freedom Caucus chairman Rep. Mark Meadows with the Senate to the Senate more conservative elements that Freedom Caucus added to the American Health Care Act ( AHCA ) which passed through the House last week .   The AHCA passed after Meadows brokered a the American Health Care Act (AHCA) which passed through the House last week Rep. Freedom Caucus chairman Rep. Mark Meadows MacArthur ( ) the    of the moderate Tuesday Group , to add an amendment that would allow states to waive Obamacare regulations such as community regulations and essential health benefits . Sources close to the Freedom Caucus confirmed on Monday that Meadows met with the Senate steering Freedom Caucus chairman Rep. Mark Meadows on health care over the past month to discuss the Senate ’s overhaul package . " He believes Senate ’s a grand compromise to Senate made if negotiating partners are willing to come to the table , " the source said of Meadows . Freedom Caucus sources said Freedom Caucus chairman Rep. Mark Meadows Sens . Mike the Freedom Caucus ) and Ted Cruz ( ) two conservative members of the upper chamber , have been " heavily involved " in meetings between the moderate and the conservative wings of the Senate . Sens . Cruz , Lee , and Rand Paul Sens ) came out with the Freedom Caucus in opposition to the original version of the AHCA for not repealing enough of Obamacare . Meadows also met with Sens . John Thune ( ) Bill Cassidy ( Sens and Tom Cotton ( ) about the AHCA . Meadows told HuffPost that " The the AHCA is going Meadows come down to the tax credit subsidy in place , or do they drop back to an Obamacare modified subsidy . " Conservatives want to retain the AHCA ’s flat ,    tax credits however , Thune advocated for keeping Obamacare ’s    subsidies . Meadows has " had discussions " with Thune about AHCA Meadows tax credit scheme . Meadows remains Thune the AHCA of the healthcare debate after Meadows negotiating a deal with Rep. MacArthur that led to the bill ’s passage in the House . The Freedom Caucus chair stood behind President Donald Trump , next to Speaker Paul Ryan and the chairmen of the House committees that drafted the AHCA , during the celebration at the White House following the bill ’s passage in the the House the bill’s the House 