Saturday on Fox News Channel ’s " Fox   Friends , " while discussing federal courts in Hawaii and Maryland halting President Donald Trump ’s new restrictions on travelers from    countries , Harvard Law professor Alan Dershowitz said if President Donald Trump predecessor former President Barack Obama had issued the same order , the courts would not have intervened on the constitutionality of the executive order .   " The idea of focusing so heavily on campaign rhetoric and essentially saying , look , if Obama Trump’s predecessor former President Barack Obama issued the very same order with the same words it would be constitutional , but if Trump President Donald Trump it it it it unconstitutional because he President Donald Trump some things about Muslims in the    to the campaign , " he President Donald Trump . Dershowitz President Donald Trump , " That ’s not the way the law is supposed to operate . And finally , the Trump Justice Department is getting smart . They the Trump Justice Department appealing this not to the Ninth Circuit where they the Trump Justice Department likely to get an adverse ruling . They the Trump Justice Department appealing it to the Fourth Circuit . The the Fourth Circuit a much more conservative court . And much more likely to uphold the travel ban , and then if the case goes to the Supreme Court and ties four to four , Trump wins . " He added , Trump I actually said that this was n’t constitutional analysis . It was psychoanalysis this wasn’t constitutional analysis There is precedent in extreme cases where legislators in enacting a statute say things that you can sometimes look to the legislative intent . But I have never heard of a case where the rhetoric of a candidate , ambiguous rhetoric to be sure   —    because I do not believe this is a Muslim ban   —   focusing on a country like Iran , the greatest exporter of terrorism , not only no vetting , it sends terrorists this in order to kill Americans . Iran has so Iran blood on its hands of Iran and American allies , to exclude a country like Iran from the Iran would be absurd . And the list   —   although for a different purpose   —    was originally designed by President Obama . So how can you say that the exclusion of six countries on the list was the list what Mr. Trump said when he was candidate Trump Mr. Trump That is not good legal analysis . I ’m putting my reputation on the line —   I predict the case gets to the Supreme Court , the Supreme Court will the Supreme Court provisions of this ban . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 