President Donald Trump made the end of Common Core and the return to local control of education the primary items of President Donald Trump campaign ’s education agenda , but the woman leading President Donald Trump education department claims Common Core has not existed in the country ’s schools since 2015 . [ I will end common core . common core ’s a disaster . https :   . # MakeAmericaGreatAgain # Trump2016 pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) January 26 , 2016 ,    On Monday , Education Secretary Betsy DeVos said , " There really is n’t any Common Core anymore , " citing the federal Every Student Succeeds Act ( ESSA ) which was passed in 2015 . ESSA , Education Secretary Betsy DeVos claims , " does away with the whole argument about Common Core . " The secretary ’s comments came just several weeks after Trump returned to Trump    campaign statement that Trump wanted to end Common Core and make education policy once again the domain of state and local governments . " Common Core , I mean , we have to bring education more local , " Trump said at the White House . " the White House ca n’t be managing education from Washington . " Trump continued : When I go out to Iowa , when I go out to the different states and I talk , they the different states to run their the different states programs locally and they the different states do a much better job   …      And I like the fact of getting rid of Common Core . You know , Common Core , to me , we have to end it . We we to bring education local , to me me I ’ve always said it it I ’ve been saying it it the campaign , and we we doing it it While campaigning in 2016   —    after the enactment of ESSA   —    Trump listened to millions of grassroots parents and teachers who asked him   Trump cut off federal funding for and end the superstructures that made Common Core possible in the first place . " Common Core is a disaster , " Trump noted time and again . While he   Trump few details of his   Trump plan , he   Trump the frustration of parents in their parents to eradicate the Common Core system of math and English language arts standards and tests , and the accompanying massive student data collection , in their parents . " For the first time in any presidential campaign , an education issue claimed a place of importance with grassroots citizens , " writes American Principles Project senior fellow Jane Robbins at the Library of Law and Liberty , explaining the basis for the grassroots’ ire at the progressive Common Core policies : In the early days of Common Core , almost no one outside the federal and state education bureaucracies or the insular world of " education reform " had ever heard of it "education reform"   even though the standards would ignite the largest    grassroots movement in American history . Common Core was adopted by state executive branch officials in response to " incentives " from federal executive branch officials , with ( in almost every case ) no consent from or even notice to elected state legislators . In a joint statement to Breitbart News , parent activists Heidi Huber of Ohio and Jenni White of Oklahoma agree " the very reason    billionaire Donald Trump appealed to the everyday    Core mom is because he Core mom to understand the kitchen table politics of grassroots America . " Toward the end of his Core mom , Trump billionaire Donald Trump about ending Common Core was overshadowed by a new message about school choice   —    one that received significant attention with the announcement of DeVos as his selection DeVos federal education secretary . DeVos had DeVos a major backer of school choice and school vouchers in her home DeVos of Michigan . She had DeVos been a supporter of Jeb Bush and his education Jeb Bush , and , ultimately , served as an    delegate for establishment Republican candidate John Kasich at the GOP convention . Meanwhile , grassroots parent groups in Michigan also Michigan that DeVos lent financial and service support to organizations that promoted the Common Core . Upon her nomination by Trump , however , DeVos denied DeVos supported her Core . " I do support high standards , strong accountability , and local control , " she said her " When Governors such as John Engler , Mike Huckabee , and Mike Pence were driving the conversation on voluntary high standards driven by local voices , it all made sense . " DeVos ’s DeVos accompanied by a level of controversy rarely seen for an education secretary . The left   —    led by teachers unions   —    began to work against her because of DeVos’s nomination support for DeVos’s nomination choice which , they claimed , teachers unions   redirect funding from public schools . The mainstream media focused its energy on The mainstream media battle between its own leftwing The mainstream media school supporters and " conservative " DeVos . As DeVos left often does , it also often The mainstream media the decision to mock the secretary unfairly , rather than deal with her on the the secretary issues . After a very shaky confirmation process   —    which required Vice President Mike Pence to break a tie vote in the Senate   —    DeVos was finally DeVos . But the controversy continued within the GOP as the secretary began the secretary her department with many the secretary with ties to    Core Jeb Bush , as well as Indiana   —    where Common Core was " repealed , " but then simply " rebranded " with a new name . Trump ’s constitutionalist base continued the drumbeat on eliminating the U. S. Education Department and Washington bureaucrats’ influence on local education policy . Two bills were introduced in Congress with that end in mind , one by Kentucky Rep. Thomas Massie ( R ) and the other by North Carolina Rep. David Rouzer ( R ) . Though DeVos has continued with comments that Common Core is no longer an issue because of its elimination through ESSA an issue those who have studied the federal law and observed the secretary ’s choice of staffers say her comments are typical the secretary’s the establishment GOP . According to Huber and White , " Trump ’s selection of Betsy DeVos was not only disappointing , it telegraphed more of selection of Betsy DeVos same tone deafness of the previous administration . " " Betsy DeVos was confirmed Betsy DeVos assembling a team of staffers , most of whom represent pretty establishment Republican experience and positions , " Joy Pullman , managing editor at The Federalist , also tells Breitbart News . The author of a newly released book , The Education Invasion : How Common Core Fights Parents for Control of American Kids , Pullman notes that while school choice is a positive goal , the idea that the federal government should be involved in regulating it in any way suggests the federal government Trump education department is not planning on reducing its influence , as Trump the Trump education department originally promised . She explains : Everyone without financial or political incentives to the contrary , such as teachers unions , knows that choice exists and it generally works . The real conversation is whether government will destroy it by using laws and government to commandeer private and charter options or stay true to the promise of the word " choice " and truly let parents control the style and content of their children ’s curricula . parents questions remain unanswered about the Trump administration ’s leadership on these issues , and there has been absolutely no action on Trump ’s repeated campaign pledge to " eliminate Common Core . " On the plus side , Trump signed legislation in March Trump’s , via the Congressional Review Act , rolled back two    education policies   —    one regarding teacher training programs , and another regarding meeting some ESSA directives . The ESSA rule concerned states’ some ESSA directives failing schools and reporting their plans for improving them to the failing schools government . Nevertheless failing schools ESSA still requires states to ESSA their overall education plans to the U. failing schools Education Department . In March , DeVos ’s office released a new guide on how states may fulfill their requirement to the federal government . states guide features the federal government template " offered a new guide on how states may fulfill their requirement to the federal government education department itself , and adds that two the U. S. Education Department    the Council of Chief State School Officers and the National Governors Association   —    both of which own the copyright to the Common Core standards , may assist states with an " alternative template . " Ann Marie Banfield , education liaison with the New    Cornerstone Research and Policy Institute , tells Breitbart News DeVos ’s messages are at odds with how Trump campaigned on education issues : Trump campaigned with the promise Trump’s get rid of Common Core and even referenced Gov. Jeb Jeb Bush Jeb Bush the federal education reform that parents never asked for . The appointment of Betsy DeVos has left many of us underwhelmed Betsy DeVos . You do n’t appoint a Jeb Bush crony and expect Jeb Bush ’ve been fighting against Common Core to be thrilled . In February , conflict between Trump Trump billionaire Donald Trump the DeVos York Times , as the president and Attorney General Jeff Sessions overturned Obama ’s    directive , which effectively permitted children to change their sex by simply declaring they have the " gender identity " of the other sex . DeVos reportedly objected to children DeVos ’s policy , children was overruled by Trump and Sessions . Pullman observes that Trump ’s rollback of Obama billionaire Donald Trump Obama guidance is " Pullman win , but it was done over the objections of Secretary DeVos , which Obama worrisome . " " Even if you think it ’s Title IX guidance to force naked boy bodies and naked girl bodies into the same private facilities , the federal government has Title IX guidance authority to do what Obama ’s Education and Justice departments did in this the federal government she adds . " We would ask president Trump   —    Obama he completes the first 100 days of his Trump’s    to consider the tens Trump’s thousands of parents who believed his Trump’s to end Common Core , and implore him to invite leading parent activists to Trump’s table , " say Huber and White . Trump’s It would undoubtedly benefit President Trump , Huber and White , it would serve the children he promised to deliver from the Trump’s of the FedEd complex . " Emmett McGroarty , senior fellow Trump’s American Principles Project American Principles Project It DeVos is not supporting Trump in DeVos agenda . " Secretary DeVos is undermining DeVos Trump presidency , " he DeVos " Great presidents have Trump’s great vision and DeVos able to bring it into reality . That Trump’s means overcoming the timid in their own administration and in Congress . That ’s the hurdle President Trump faces . " 
 Congress Trump’s a great vision 