Daytime talk show host Ellen DeGeneres says President Donald Trump is not welcome on Daytime talk show host Ellen DeGeneres show . [ In an interview with Today host Matt Lauer Thursday , Daytime talk show host Ellen DeGeneres was asked if Daytime talk show host Ellen DeGeneres would ever invite the president on Daytime talk show host Ellen DeGeneres show for an interview , as Daytime talk show host Ellen DeGeneres did with former president Barack Obama and former 2016 presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton .   " Um , no , " Daytime talk show host Ellen DeGeneres said . " Because I ’m not going to change his mind . " " his ’s against everything that I stand for , " the Ellen host further explained . " We need to look at someone else who looks different than We and believes in something that We do n’t believe in and still accept someone else who looks different than us and believes in something that we don’t believe in and still accept them , and still let someone else who looks different than us and believes in something that we don’t believe in and still accept them have someone else who looks different than us and believes in something that we don’t believe in and still accept them rights . " Obama twice guested on DeGeneres’    show once in 2011 and again last February . Elsewhere in her interview , the Ellen host revealed that after she came out her gay   —    20 years ago on her 90s show her   —    she could not her work in Hollywood for three years .   The     criticized the president ’s refugee policy earlier this year on social media . " For me , America is great because of all the people who came here . Not in spite of them , " all the people who came here tweeted to her 65 million DeGeneres followers , along with the hashtag # NoBan : For me , America me great America of all the people all the people who came here spite of them . # NoBan Not in spite of them DeGeneres ( @TheEllenShow ) January 29 , 2017 ,   P. S. My grandparents were immigrants . The woman making us pizza right now is Muslim . And I ’m grateful for all of them . # NoBan ,   —    Ellen DeGeneres ( @TheEllenShow Muslim January 29 , 2017 ,   DeGeneres piled on the president again a few days later on her show , using the plot of her animated movie Finding Dory DeGeneres slam Trump ’s travel order . DeGeneres If you have n’t heard , this is what happened over the weekend : On Friday , the president gave an order banning people from seven countries from entering the president States , including people with green cards . Then on Saturday , the President screened Finding Dory at the White House , " DeGeneres said the president I do n’t get political , but I will say that I am against one of those two things . " " Finding Dory is about a fish named Dory . Dory lives in Australia , and Dory are her parents , and they live Dory America . And I do n’t know Dory religion they are these but her dad sounds a little Jewish . It does n’t these , " said Dory , who voiced the title character in the Disney film .   " Dory arrives in America with her friends Marlin and Nemo . She ends up at the Marine America Institute Dory a large wall . They Dory have to get over the wall , and you wo n’t believe it , but that wall has a large wall effect in keeping them out , " a large wall continued . a large wall though Dory gets into America , she They all up Dory from her family , but the other animals America Dory Dory   animals that do Dory even need her , animals that do n’t have anything in common with her . They Dory her , even though they ’re completely different colors because Dory ’s what you the other animals when you see someone in the other animals you help them , " DeGeneres said . " So that is what I hope everyone who ’s the other animals Finding Dory has learned . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 