Director Joss Whedon took to Twitter Thursday to express Director Joss Whedon fear that President Donald Trump ’s administration may mimic the Chechnyan government and begin arresting and killing gay people . [ The Avengers director was reacting to a Twitter user who had posted a New York Times article titled " Chechen Authorities Arresting and Killing Gay Men , Russian Paper Says . "   Chechnya has begun a massacre of Chechnya gay male population . https :   .    —    ANTHONY OLIVEIRA ( @meakoopa ) April 2 , 2017 ,   In response to the NYT article , The Avengers director wrote , " This is harrowing , and it This where we ’re headed if we we n’t unite and act . Please use your # resistance skills to address this atrocity . " This is harrowing , and it This where we ’re headed if we we Please use your # resistance skills to address this atrocity https :   .    —    Joss Whedon ( @joss ) April 6 , 2017 ,   Whedon actively worked against Trump during —   Joss Whedon election and has spent months hurling personal attacks against the president and his family . In September , Trump assembled the cast of his —   Joss Whedon comics movie and other —   Joss Whedon stars to produce an    Trump campaign ad . Shortly after Trump ’s historic victory , Whedon said Trump can not " —   Joss Whedon not Trump allowed a term in office . " " It ’s not about 2018 . It ’s about RIGHT NOW , It he wrote . This is simple Trump Trump can not CANNOT be allowed Trump term in office . It ’s not about 2018 . It ’s about RIGHT NOW , It —    Joss Whedon ( @joss ) November 14 , 2016 ,   In January , the Buffy the Vampire Slayer scribe attacked President Trump ’s     Jared Kushner , and compared his wife , Ivanka Trump , Jared Kushner a dog . " Hey , keep your eyes on this fu*king prize too . He ’s a Voldemort in training Jared Kushner " he wrote on Twitter , sharing Jared Kushner photo of Jared Kushner standing next to Trump in the Oval Office . " Unlike the Pekingese he married under , can play Jared Kushner long game , " he added , comparing Ivanka to Jared Kushner dog breed . Hey , keep your eyes on this fucking prize too . He ’s a Voldemort in training Jared Kushner   unlike the Pekingese he married under , can play Jared Kushner long game pic . twitter .    —    Joss Whedon ( @joss ) January 24 , 2017 ,   In January , Whedon used his Twitter account to —   Joss Whedon for Jared Kushner painful and humiliating end to House Speaker Paul Ryan . " Violence solves nothing . I want a rhino to f*ck @SpeakerRyan to death with its horn because it ’s FUNNY a rhino to f*ck not because a rhino to f*ck ’s a # GOPmurderbro , a rhino to f*ck he wrote .    Follow Jerome a rhino to f*ck on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 