Daddy is about to become President , and everyone is still in shock , wondering just how such a thing could have happened . Being a genius , I ’ve boiled it down to just three reasons . [ just three reasons can be seen in visual form below .   Progressive Hubris , Sally Kohn probably knew her Sally Kohn was n’t true when she Sally Kohn it her tweet Given the fear and hysteria whipped up by Kohn Sally Kohn her Sally Kohn , anyone could have predicted the anger , tears , and rioting from progressives that followed the election of Donald Trump . I suspect Kohn Sally Kohn out this her tweet she Sally Kohn confident , as so many in the media bubble were , that he Sally Kohn never going to be elected President . How could such a thing happen ? Had n’t he Sally Kohn called a racist , a sexist , a misogynist , a Russian plant , someone who mocks the disabled , an Islamophobe , and every other smear in the vaunted leftist arsenal ? Was n’t Mitt Romney ’s destruction carried out with far less damning material ? Well , Trump was n’t Mitt Romney Mitt Romney’s hysterical , false attacks did n’t work , despite progressives’ confidence in their own smear The hysterical, false attacks . That confidence remained progressives’ confidence in their own smear machine until election day   —    and some are still convinced it works . Long    their delusion last ! some NeverTrump Hubris , One of the remarkable things about Donald Trump is Trump did n’t just Trump the progressive establishment   —    he also beat the Trump establishment . Two political tribes that dominated Washington for half a century were defeated in the space of one election campaign . All the darlings of the conservative establishment   —    Jeb , Rubio , Ted , and ( most hilariously ) Evan McMullin were all crushed beneath the wheels of the Trump Train . They , like the progressives Evan McMullin insisted that Trump could never win , right up until election day . And some establishment conservatives still have n’t quite come to terms with the fact that there ’s someone in the White House who has higher priorities than tax cuts for Goldman Sachs bankers . Fake News , There is a cosmic , almost divine comedy to our opponents’ behaviour . What could be more delicious than the media ’s decision , when trust in their institution was at an    low , to make " Fake News " the narrative of the day after Trump ’s election ? I mean , what did they think was going to Trump’s election ? Throughout the campaign , the media threw lie after the media’s smear after smear at Donald Trump , blissfully unaware that with every outrageous story they ran , public trust in Trump’s election profession sank a little lower Trump’s election Thus the hysterical media campaign against Trump contained the seed of its Donald Trump destruction from the very Donald Trump . Like Brexit , GamerGate and me , the enmity of the lying press became one of Trump ’s greatest selling points to Donald Trump . And as the screenshot above shows , they ’re still doing it ! DANGEROUS the enmity of the lying press available to    now via Amazon , in hardcover and Kindle editions . And yes , MILO is reading the audiobook version himself !   Follow Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Facebook , Instagram and Snapchat . Hear him every Friday on The Milo Yiannopoulos MILO . Write to Milo at milo@breitbart . com . 
 MILO 