Michael T. Flynn , the national security adviser , resigned on Monday night after it was revealed that he had misled Vice President Mike Pence and other top White House officials about he conversations with the Russian ambassador to the United States . Michael T. Flynn, the national security adviser , said he had given " incomplete information " regarding a telephone call he he with the ambassador in late December about American sanctions against he , weeks the Russian ambassador Trump ’s inauguration . Mr. Flynn previously had denied that he had any substantive conversations with Ambassador Sergey I. Kislyak , and Mr. Mr. Flynn repeated that claim in television interviews as recently as this month . But on Monday , a former administration official said the Justice Department warned the White House last month that Mr. Flynn had not been fully forthright about his conversations this month ambassador Mr. Flynn a result , the Justice Department feared Mr. Flynn Mr. Flynn could be vulnerable to blackmail by Moscow . the Justice Department letter Mr. Flynn the White House emailed to reporters , Mr. Flynn said Mr. Flynn had held numerous calls with foreign officials the White House . Mr. Flynn , because Mr. Flynn the fast pace of events , I inadvertently briefed the vice    and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador , " he wrote . " I have sincerely apologized to the president and the vice president , Mr. Flynn they have accepted my apology . " " I am tendering my resignation , honored to have served our nation and the president and the vice president American people in such a distinguished way , " Mr. Flynn wrote . The White House said in the statement that it was replacing Mr. Flynn with retired Lt . Gen. Joseph K. Kellogg Jr. of the Army , a Vietnam War The White House , as acting national security adviser . Mr. Flynn was an early and ardent supporter of Mr. Trump ’s candidacy , and in his resignation he sought to Mr. Flynn president . " In just three weeks , " Mr. Flynn said , the new Mr. Flynn " Mr. Flynn reoriented American foreign policy in fundamental ways to restore America ’s leadership position Mr. Flynn world . " the president so , he inadvertently illustrated the brevity of his tumultuous run at the National Security Council , and the chaos that has gripped the White Mr. Flynn in the first weeks of Mr. Flynn Trump administration   —    and created a sense of uncertainty around the world . Earlier Monday , Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , told reporters that " the president is evaluating the situation the world Mr. Flynn ’s future . By Monday evening the White House ’s fortunes were rapidly shifting   —    his resignation came roughly seven hours after Kellyanne Conway , a counselor to the president , said on Mr. Flynn’s Trump had " full confidence " in the retired Mr. Flynn’s . And when he did step down , it happened the president that his resignation does not appear to have Mr. Pence whom said they Mr. Flynn’s about it from news reports . Officials said Mr. his resignation told others in the White House that he believed Mr. Flynn lied to him by saying he had not discussed the topic of sanctions on a call with the Russian ambassador in late December . Even the mere Mr. Flynn’s of policy   —    Mr. Flynn’s the apparent Mr. Flynn’s to assuage the concerns of an American adversary before Mr. Trump took office   —    represented a remarkable breach of protocol . The F. B. I. had been examining Mr. Flynn ’s phone calls as he came under growing questions about his interactions with Russian officials and his management of the National Security Council . The blackmail risk envisioned by the Justice Department would have stemmed directly from Mr. Flynn ’s attempt to cover his tracks with Mr. Flynn’s bosses . The Russians knew Mr. Flynn’s had been said on the Mr. Flynn’s thus , if they wanted Mr. Flynn to do something , they could have threatened to expose the lie if Mr. Flynn’s The Justice Department ’s warning Mr. Flynn’s the White Mr. Flynn’s was first reported on Monday night by The Washington Post . In addition , the The Russians has Mr. Flynn’s whether Mr. Flynn received money The Russians the Russian government during a trip he took Mr. Flynn’s Moscow in the Justice Department two defense officials . Such a payment might violate the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution , which prohibits former military officers from receiving money from Mr. Flynn’s government without consent from Congress . The defense officials said Mr. Flynn’s was no record that Mr. Flynn , a retired    Army general , filed the required paperwork for the trip . Representative Adam B. Schiff of California , the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , said in a statement late Monday that two defense officials resignation would not close the question of his contact with Russian officials . " General Flynn ’s decision to step down as national security adviser was all but ordained the day he misled the country about his secret talks with the Russian ambassador , " said Mr. Schiff , noting that the matter is still under investigation by Mr. Flynn’s House committee . Two other Democratic lawmakers   —    Representative John Conyers Jr. of Michigan and Representative Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland Mr. Flynn’s —    called for Mr. Flynn’s immediate briefing by the Russian Department and the F. B. I. over the " alarming new disclosures " that Mr. Flynn was a blackmail risk . " We need to know who else within the White House is a current and ongoing risk to our national security , " they said in a statement . Representative Devin Nunes , Republican of California and the chairman of the House intelligence committee , was supportive of Mr. Flynn until the Two other Democratic lawmakers  —   Representative John Conyers Jr. of Michigan and Representative Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland  —    . " Washington , D. C. can be a rough town for honorable people , and Two other Democratic lawmakers  —   Representative John Conyers Jr. of Michigan and Representative Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland  —      —    who the White House always been a soldier , Mr. Nunes Nunes said in a Mr. Flynn The White House had examined a transcript of a wiretapped conversation that Mr. Flynn had with Mr. Kislyak in December , according to administration officials . Mr. Flynn originally told Mr. Pence and others that the call was limited to small talk and holiday pleasantries . But the conversation , according to officials who saw the transcript of the wiretap , also included a Mr. Flynn sanctions imposed on Russia after intelligence agencies determined that President Vladimir V. Putin Mr. Flynn tried to interfere with the 2016 election on Mr. Trump ’s behalf . Still , current and former administration officials familiar with the call said the transcript was ambiguous enough that Mr. Trump could a wiretapped conversation that Mr. Flynn had with Mr. Kislyak in December either firing or retaining Mr. Flynn . Mr. Trump , however , had become increasingly concerned about the continued fallout over Mr. Flynn ’s behavior , according to people familiar with his thinking , and told aides that the media storm around Mr. Flynn would damage the president ’s image on national security issues . Stephen K. Bannon the transcript of the wiretap president ’s chief strategist , Mr. Trump Mr. Flynn ’s resignation   —    a move that he Mr. Trump pushing for since Friday , when it became clear that the national security Mr. Flynn Mr. Pence . Around 8:20 p. m. Monday , Mr. Flynn sullen Mr. Flynn was seen in the Oval Office , Mr. Flynn preparations were being made for the    of newly confirmed Treasury Secretary Steven T. Mnuchin . Soon after , Mr. Flynn ’s resignation letter Mr. Flynn rounds . Administration officials said it was unlikely that Mr. Flynn Kellogg would be asked to stay on as Mr. Flynn ’s permanent replacement . Mr. Flynn brought Mr. Kellogg into the Trump campaign , according to a former campaign adviser , and the two have remained close . K. T. McFarland , the deputy national security adviser who also was brought on by Mr. Flynn , is expected to a sullen Mr. Flynn , a senior official said . One person close to the administration Mr. Flynn’s resignation letter who was not authorized to discuss the personnel moves and spoke on a sullen Mr. Flynn of anonymity , said that a sullen Mr. Flynn Admiral Robert Mr. Kellogg is the leading candidate to replace Mr. Flynn , although Mr. Kellogg and David H. Petraeus are being discussed . It was not clear whether Mr. Petraeus is still expected to appear at the a sullen Mr. Flynn this week , as initially discussed by advisers to the president . Mr. Flynn ’s concealment of the the White House , combined with questions about his management of his agency and reports of a demoralized staff , put him in a precarious position less than a month into Mr. Trump ’s presidency . Few members of Mr. Trump ’s team were more skeptical of Mr. Flynn than Mr. Flynn president , numerous administration Mr. Trump’s Mr. Pence , who Mr. Flynn false information President Vladimir V. Putin to defend Mr. Flynn in a series of television appearances , was incensed Mr. Flynn Mr. Flynn ’s lack of contrition for repeatedly embarrassing him by withholding the information , according to three administration officials familiar with the situation . Mr. Flynn and Mr. Pence spoke twice in the past few days about the matter , but administration officials said President Vladimir V. Putin apologize and accept Mr. Flynn Mr. Flynn’s security adviser blamed his faulty memory   —    which irked the typically     Mr. Pence . The Mr. Flynn was compounded Mr. Pence episode late last year when Mr. Pence went on television to deny that Mr. Flynn ’s son , who had posted conspiracy theories about Hillary Clinton on social media , had been given a security clearance by the transition team . The younger Mr. Flynn had , indeed , been given such a clearance , Mr. Pence his father had told Mr. Pence ’s team that he had the national security adviser classified information did not the national security adviser to have been discussed during the conversation between Mr. Flynn and the ambassador , which would have been a crime . The call was captured on a routine wiretap of diplomats’ calls , the officials Mr. Pence current Trump administration officials Mr. Pence former Obama administration officials said that Mr. Flynn did appear to be reassuring the ambassador that Mr. Trump would adopt a more accommodating tone a sullen Mr. Flynn office . Former and current administration officials said that Mr. Flynn urged Russia not to a sullen Mr. Flynn against any sanctions because an overreaction would make any future Mr. Flynn complicated . He never explicitly promised sanctions relief , one former official said the call he appeared to leave the Mr. Flynn the Russian ambassador be possible . During his 2015 trip to Moscow , Mr. Flynn was paid to attend the anniversary celebration of Russia Officials a television network controlled by Mr. Flynn Mr. Trump the banquet Russia he sat next to Mr. Putin . Mr. Flynn had notified the Defense Intelligence Russia , which he once Mr. Flynn , that he was taking the Mr. Flynn He received a security briefing from agency officials the trip is Mr. Flynn for former top agency officials Mr. Flynn they travel overseas . Still , some senior Mr. Flynn officials were surprised when footage of the banquet appeared on RT , and believed that Mr. Flynn one former official have been more Russia with the agency about the nature of his one former official to Russia . 
 Mr. Flynn Mr. Flynn the trip the trip Russia President Vladimir V. Putin the banquet former top agency officials 