WASHINGTON , DC   —    Some of the Democratic Party ’s biggest names convened on Tuesday at the Four Seasons Hotel in Georgetown to speak at the Center for American Progress ’s ( CAP ) 2017 Ideas Conference , where Some of the Democratic Party called for even greater resistance against President Donald Trump and his White House . [ House Minority Speaker Nancy Pelosi , Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) Sen. Kamala Harris ( ) DNC Deputy Chairman Keith Ellison , and Gold Star father Khizr Khan were among major Democrat players present who devoted House Minority Speaker Nancy Pelosi, Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) Sen. Kamala Harris ( ) DNC Deputy Chairman Keith Ellison, and Gold Star father Khizr Khan time on stage to attacking President Trump and showing no signs or efforts to work with the other side .   The event evoked a stirring response from the Republican National Committee . RNC spokesman Michael Ahrens responded to the Democratic lawmakers’ rhetoric and said the Democratic lawmakers’ rhetoric were out of touch with millions of everyday Americans who are tired of seeing and hearing divisive politics . " As the Democratic lawmakers’ rhetoric plot the Democratic lawmakers’ rhetoric strategy of resistance , Democrats continue to ostracize the millions of Americans who want Democrats representatives to work together , not sit around and come up with ways to say no , " Ahrens said . " Their allegiance to CAP ’s extreme ,    policies shows how out of touch Democrats are with    Americans all across the country . " " It is time to resist . It is time to fight back , " Sen. Warren said from Sen. Warren pulpit at the Four Seasons , where Sen. Warren called for greater campaign finance reform . Rep. Maxine Waters ( ) called , once again , for Trump to be impeached . " Maxine Water was right . You ’ve got to impeach Trump . " Booker , who is seen as a rising star in the Democratic Party , gave a rousing and passionate speech about the struggle Americans in disadvantaged parts of the nation face . Booker, who is seen as a rising star in the Democratic Party delivered the conference ’s closing remarks . However , Booker, who is seen as a rising star in the Democratic Party also made a push for bigger government and welfare , citing people in Booker, who is seen as a rising star in the Democratic Party own community in New Jersey who live at or beneath the poverty line and who rely on handouts to afford handouts next meal . Of the Democrats who spoke , Booker seemed to be the most willing to work with Republicans . Booker asked the Democrats who spoke to focus their the Democrats who spoke on their the Democrats who spoke and back away from their the Democrats who spoke attacks on President Trump . " I want to dedicate myself Booker but we the Democrats who spoke not just be a party of resistance . We the Democrats who spoke go to be a party that ’s reaffirming the American Dream , " Booker Booker . " We the Democrats who spoke n’t just be a party that ’s focused on the person in the White House . We the Democrats who spoke got to be focused on those folks in inner cities , in factory towns , in the grassroots of our country . " Khizr Khan told the crowd that had gathered , " My offer to Donald Trump to read the Constitution remains standing , " referring back to the time he Donald Trump up a    version of the the Constitution the DNC in July 2016 . " One more time he Donald Trump proven that he Donald Trump unfamiliar with the basic tenants of our democracy , " he Donald Trump . After apologizing in advance for possibly raising his Donald Trump , Khan Donald Trump , " Maybe this voice his voice 1600 Pennsylvania even now . " He Donald Trump , " l am from Charlottesville , Virginia . Charlottesville , Virginia Charlottesville, Virginia several Virginia ago by my courageous mayor , Mike Signer , to be the capital of resistance of the United States . " DNC Vice Chair Keith Ellison said , " If there is one blood bath that we have been suffering in elections , it is secretaries of state . " Ellison then questionably suggested , DNC Vice Chair Keith Ellison Democratic secretaries of state do n’t actually try to favor a party . They just try to make Democratic secretaries of state there ’s a fair election . Republican secretaries of state    …      they absolutely tilt the tables Democratic secretaries of state terms of their side . " Meanwhile Democratic secretaries of state outside of Tuesday ’s conference , the divided Democratic Party splintered further as rhetoric from within its own ranks exposed how the divided Democratic Party out of touch its leaders are . Chicago the divided Democratic Party Rahm Emanuel slammed the Democrats in a Politico article , saying they come off as a the Democrats party disdainful of [ the middle class ] .    …      We do n’t talk about and fight for the middle class like we the middle class believe we ’re We them , We they We the Democrats —   the Democrats they do n’t hear we the Democrats for them , then we We the Democrats problem , " Emanuel We said . He added that the Democrats are so Emanuel on the narrative surrounding President Donald Trump that they are blinded to what ’s actually the Democrats on inside their own party . " Talking to the Democrats and persuading ourselves , " Emanuel said , " ourselves not going Emanuel be the way you get to a majority . " Democrats lashed out at Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) saying he " made a mockery " of Sen. Bernie Sanders unity process and blamed him for dividing the party more than Sen. Bernie Sanders . " their own party that Tom Perez has given Sanders a platform without Sen. Bernie Sanders agreeing to work Sen. Bernie Sanders ‘ unity’ has Sen. Bernie Sanders a mockery of the whole process and literally divided the party more the unity process before the their own party , " Markos Moulitsas , the founder of the liberal Daily Kos site , told Politico . " It has been a disaster . " He added , " Yes , Perez and company are clearly afraid Politico Sanders and his followers , but letting Sanders make a mockery of the party Politico n’t exactly help it Sanders in the long haul . " Follow Adelle Nazarian on a mockery of the party and Twitter . 
 