Utah Republican Sen. Mike Lee told an audience at Washington ’s Heritage Foundation Wednesday that Utah Republican Sen. Mike Lee is aligned with President Donald Trump ’s populist conservatism and the president ’s concern for " The Forgotten Man " —   a full reversal from stances Utah Republican Sen. Mike Lee took in the presidential campaign when Utah Republican Sen. Mike Lee adamantly opposed President Donald Trump’s candidacy . [ " Donald Trump ’s tabloid and    persona may be an artifact of America ’s glib celebrity culture , but his Donald Trump represents a substantive indictment of Washington ’s political and policymaking consensus , very much including the consensus within the GOP , " Lee said . " It ’s an indictment I   . "   Lee , who was associated with conservative holdouts , said it was time to get with the program and recognize that Trump is working on the same problems they Lee, who was associated with conservative holdouts working on . " Almost seven years ago , I first ran for the Senate as an    challenger against an incumbent of my own party , " he Lee . He Lee : Four years ago , I first came to the Heritage Foundation and urged conservatives to reconnect with the working families and struggling communities our my own party too long ignored and I spent the bulk of my first term in the the Senate the Senate policy reforms to help and empower the " Forgotten Americans " that Washington ’s broken status quo was leaving behind . " President Trump ’s peculiar brand of populist , nationalist politics is not what I had in mind . But nor must his election be President Trump existential threat to conservatism , republicanism , and constitutionalism that many of his critics on President Trump Right fear , " the senator said President Trump speech marked Lee ’s progress from the loyal supporter of his best friend in Lee upper chamber , Sen. Ted Cruz ( R. ) who took the fight to candidate Trump on the platform committee and led the unsuccessful fight to unbind pledged delegates to the New York City developer . It was a move that could have freed    delegates unable to vote their will on the first ballot . In September , Lee rejected the idea of accepting Trump ’s nomination to the Supreme Court . In October , Lee asked Trump to Lee aside Trump the GOP ticket after the Access Hollywood tape was released . In November , Lee said he did Lee vote Lee Trump , instead opting Trump Evan McMullin , a former senior aide to Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers ( R. . ) . After the election , the Utah senator made Lee Trump Tower and met with the    for 90 minutes . The meeting went well enough for Lee to tell a Utah radio Lee in January that Utah Trump asked him to be on Trump Supreme Trump , he would accept the nod . Trump senator was the featured speaker Lee the foundation ’s " Conservatism for the Forgotten Man " discussion . The discussion will be hosted by John the Forgotten Man" discussion , the foundation ’s director of lectures and seminars led by Yuval Levin , a Hertog Fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center and editor at National Affairs and Heritage ’s Salim Furth , a research fellow in macroeconomics . Lee said conservatives struggle with how to gauge how much government people really want and need . " Conservatives’ view of human nature and history tells us that in this life , there will always be problems and that attempts to use government to solve them often only make things worse , " he said . The natural skepticism for government Lee often proves conservatives are correct and much better at empowering citizens and communities to develop their own solutions , he said . " empowering citizens and communities our worst , Lee , we look indifferent to suffering and injustice because our may not see problems that require action . " Deciding where , when , and how much to act is the constant frustration for conservatives , but with the November results , the struggle and frustration have been resolved , he said . " President Trump has already Lee the problems that Americans want us to solve : Economic dislocation and insecurity . Inequality of opportunity , political marginalization , social isolation , and the cruel repugnance of a    elite insulated from all of the above openly contemptuous of their disconnected countrymen who are not , " he said . " These problems are why President Trump Trump ran for the problems that Americans want us to solve: Economic dislocation and insecurity why he President Trump " Conservatives must recognize that millions President Trump real people need help , and it is incumbent upon them to work with the president , he asserted . millions of real people need help Trump was elected president President Trump Americans . And President Trump   —    especially conservatives who had misgivings about Candidate Trump   —    have a duty now to help him see how and where our principles can serve President Trump mandate , " he said . " While President Trump Left rages and President Trump Washington Establishment scratches its head , conservatives   —    we   —    the Washington Establishment make a case for a unifying ,     agenda . " 
 