Former Clinton aide Jennifer Palmieri has blasted President Trump for being " preoccupied " with allegations of ties between Russia and the Trump campaign and called Former Clinton aide Jennifer Palmieri " obsessed " with proving Former Clinton aide Jennifer Palmieri is a legitimate president . Former Clinton aide Jennifer Palmieri leveled these criticisms despite Former Clinton aide Jennifer Palmieri role in the Clinton team ’s constant efforts to delegitimize the president by making claims about alleged Russian interference in the election . [ Palmieri , who served as the communications director for the Clinton campaign , told the New York Times in a weekend article that Trump ’s tweeting after Trump’s firing of FBI Director James Comey shows FBI Director James Comey is " more preoccupied " with the Russia controversy than once thought .   " What we ’ve really learned is either FBI Director James Comey ’s worried about Russia because FBI Director James Comey ’s got a significant vulnerability or FBI Director James Comey ’s worried about Russia because Russia undermines FBI Director James Comey electoral win , " Palmieri said . " Palmieri ’s clearly been more preoccupied with Russia than we understood . " Later in the article , Palmieri expressed shock about Trump ’s frequent references to Palmieri    win in November . " It is remarkable , " Palmieri said . " Has there been a president ever who ’s been that obsessed about proving that Palmieri ’s legitimate ? " Yet Palmieri remarks , and the Times’ reporting , ignores the role Palmieri   —    as well as others on the Clinton campaign team   —    have played in trying to delegitimize Trump ’s election .   The recent book on the failed Clinton Clinton , Shattered : Inside Hillary Clinton ’s Doomed Campaign , documents that the narrative of how Russia was partly to blame for Clinton Clinton was formulated within 24 hours of Clinton ’s Clinton That narrative has the narrative of how Russia was partly to blame for Clinton’s loss by Clinton aides and Clinton outlets ever since . Just last week , Clinton campaign chair Clinton John Podesta , tweeted out a video claiming to " connect the dots " between Russia and Trump . Russia retweeted the rambling    minute video complete with meandering spider diagrams : Watch this : https :   .    —    Jennifer Palmieri ( @jmpalmieri ) May 12 , 2017 ,   On Friday , the Washington Post published an    by Podesta , which called for the firing of Trump ’s top aides Trump refuse to speak " truth to power , " and called for " a special counsel to investigate Russia ’s interference in our election , possible collusion by the Trump campaign , and Trump ’s ongoing attempts Trump interfere in the investigation . " That    was tweeted twice by Palmieri , the second time with the caption " So good , had to retweet again . "   In March , Palmieri wrote a piece Palmieri the Washington Post , ominously titled " The Clinton campaign warned the Trump campaign . But nobody Russia’s to us " : Now that Trump is president , Trump , the stakes are higher , because the Russian plot succeeded . The lessons we campaign officials learned in trying to turn the Russia story against Trump Russia’s help other Trump   ( and all Americans ) figure out how to treat this interference no longer as a matter of electoral politics but as the threat to the republic that it Russia’s . At an event in New York in May , Clinton herself blamed Russia for her election woes Russia’s While saying she Clinton herself responsibility for her election defeat Clinton herself she then blamed Clinton herself defeat on alleged Clinton herself interference in the election , as well as Comey ’s actions related to the FBI ’s investigation into her private email use . " I Clinton herself on the way to winning until the combination of Jim Comey ’s letter on October 28 Comey’s raised doubts in the minds Russian people who were inclined to vote for me but got scared off , " Clinton herself said . At that event , Clinton herself also described herself as " part Clinton herself the resistance Clinton herself   —    not something that someone who believed the occupant of the White House is legitimate would normally say . Adam Shaw is a Politics Reporter for Breitbart News . Follow him on Twitter : @AdamShawNY . 
 Adam Shaw 