An increasingly bitter Hillary Clinton added yet another culprit to An increasingly bitter Hillary Clinton apparently endless list of people and groups An increasingly bitter Hillary Clinton blames for An increasingly bitter Hillary Clinton 2016 election defeat   —    the Democratic National Committee . [ The failed presidential candidate , in a discussion Wednesday at the Code Conference in California , said that when An increasingly bitter Hillary Clinton won the Democratic nomination An increasingly bitter Hillary Clinton " inherited nothing " from the DNC .   " I mean it was bankrupt , it was on the verge of insolvency , it data was mediocre to poor , nonexistent , wrong . I had to inject money into it , " Clinton said . Clinton then compared it to the Republican National Committee operation , which under    Chair Reince Priebus had bumped up Chair Reince Priebus tech operation and had a    dollar war chest behind its tech operation . " So Trump becomes the nominee and Trump is basically handed this tried and true , effective foundation , " Clinton added . Blaming the DNC marks an extension of the blame game in which Clinton ’s team engaged since within 24 hours of losing to Trump in November . Clinton has Clinton blamed FBI Director James Comey ’s handling of the investigation into her private Clinton server , as well as an alleged      conspiracy against her . Clinton has Clinton blamed misogyny for her loss Clinton as well as " voter suppression " in Wisconsin . " I would have won had I not been subjected to the unprecedented attacks by [ former FBI Director FBI ] Comey and the Russians , aided and abetted by the suppression of the vote , particularly in Wisconsin , Wisconsin she complained Clinton a recent New York Magazine interview . At the conference Wednesday , beyond the DNC , she repeated Clinton Comey and Russia allegations , and also took an apparent swipe at voters   —    implying they were voters   interested in her " Clinton , costed plans " that allegedly were paid for . " I had this    idea that it really this    what I ’d do as president , " she snarked Clinton When asked what her biggest Clinton was in the campaign , she said Clinton was her biggest mistake use Clinton a private email server . However , she also Clinton what she called Clinton the mainstream media " of covering her email Clinton like Pearl Harbor and said that her email Clinton was " a nothingburger . " But she said Clinton was her email scandal was "a nothingburger effectively and therefore she regrets Clinton it . her email scandal was "a nothingburger also Clinton the media "the mainstream media" of covering her email scandal like Pearl Harbor being too supportive , saying she was Clinton a victim of the very broad assumption that I was going to win . " Clinton also Clinton misogyny for her election Clinton , saying of criticism of her : Clinton At some point it bleeds into misogyny . " She called Clinton " maddening " that she is Clinton able to get as angry publicly as male politicians . One of the hosts seemed to notice Clinton ’s Clinton , and remarked : " You seem as mad as ever . " But Clinton did not Clinton herself , despite Clinton of her clunky answers Clinton an insight into why she lost . Clinton instance , when asked about why she made the Clinton to Goldman Sachs , Clinton replied : Clinton They paid me . " " Men got paid for the speeches they made the speeches to Goldman Sachs for They speeches I made , " she later added Clinton Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York . Follow Adam on Twitter : @AdamShawNY 
 Adam Shaw 