   leader Richard Trumka tweeted out   leader Richard Trumka opposition to the GOP ’s new healthcare law , just a few hours after meeting with President Donald Trump in the White House . [ " This is n’t a healthcare plan at all , "   leader Richard Trumka said in a statement . " This ’s a massive transfer of wealth from working people to Wall Street    …      This ’s bad for healthcare , This ’s bad for working families , This ’s bad for our economy and our will fully oppose our economy , " he wrote .   GOP Healthcare Plan Taxes Workers and Destroys Care . a statement . # AHCA # HealthCareReform pic . twitter .    —    Richard L. Trumka ( @RichardTrumka ) March 8 , 2017 ,   The a statement : Millions of people will lose their health Millions of people coverage thanks to a plan introduced by Congressional Republicans . This haphazard " repeal and replace " effort would result in painful taxes on working families , cuts to Medicaid , and tax giveaways for the   . Of all the bad ideas in this flawed a plan introduced by Congressional Republicans workers to pay a    " Cadillac tax , " on employer provided health care has to be among the worst . That ’s a terrible plan for healthcare in America   …      For more than a century , the labor movement has fought to make health care a right for every American . The Republican plan contradicts a terrible plan for healthcare in America   by making care less affordable and accessible . It ’s bad for healthcare , a terrible plan for healthcare in America   ’s bad for working families a terrible plan for healthcare in America   it ’s bad for our economy a terrible plan for healthcare in America   we will fully oppose it . our was invited to our economy Trump at the White House in the late afternoon , illustrating Trump ’s outreach to union leaders Trump voters . In the 2016 election , Trump won comparatively high support from union Trump , especially from skilled workers in the    unions , because of his opposition to the    Partnership trade Trump , his opposition to    illegal immigration , Trump because of his " Buy American , Hire American Trump economic strategy . Shortly after his inauguration , Trump met with the Trump of several    unions , who praised his outreach , partly because it will Trump their    members . But Trumka ’s the leaders of several   unions, who praised his outreach is much less receptive to Trump ’s    small government policies than Trump the union leaders of the skilled trades . Trumka represents a wider range of unions Trumka’s including unions for unskilled workers that include many legal and illegal immigrants , and unions for the government employees . Many of Trumka ’s unions are also led by Trumka’s instead of by former regular workers . Shortly after the    meeting , a Tweet from Trumka suggested that he challenged Trump ’s support Trumka’s some of a Tweet from Trumka legislation and regulations being pushed by the GOP ’s    of Commerce wing . Today I met with @realDonaldTrump to talk about a working families’ agenda and about policies that lower wages   strip workers of rights .   —    Richard L. Trumka ( @RichardTrumka ) March 7 , 2017 ,    ’s Richard Trumka talked to President Trump about " —   Richard L. Trumka (@RichardTrumka allow Wall Street and corporations to take advantage of workers . " pic . twitter .    —    Jennifer Jacobs ( @JenniferJJacobs ) March 8 , 2017 ,   Before their meeting , White House officials canceled a    (@JenniferJJacobs) March 8, 2017,   spray , " where media would have been able to briefly photograph and question the two leaders . 
 