President Donald Trump celebrated the House vote to replace Obamacare on Thursday , bringing House Republicans to the White House to talk about House Republicans victory . [ President Donald Trump spoke about how President Donald Trump traveled the country during the presidential election and heard everyone ’s complaints about Obamacare .   " It ’s been a catastrophe , " President Donald Trump said , describing Obamacare as " essentially dead . " the White House finally passed their House Republicans legislation this afternoon and immediately boarded buses that transported them House Republicans the White House . President Donald Trump praised the plan with dozens of House the White House the Rose Garden , who laughed and celebrated with the president . " It ’s a great plan , " President Donald Trump said , assuring Americans that premiums and deductibles would start coming down . " This is a repeal and replace of Obamacare , make no mistake , " President Donald Trump also appeared optimistic that the bill would succeed in the Senate . " We ’re going to get this passed through the Senate the Senate President Donald Trump said . " I feel so confident . " Trump and President Donald Trump aides spoke with Speaker Paul Ryan privately in the Oval Office before the statement as House Republicans stood in the Rose Garden . President Donald Trump thanked Ryan during President Donald Trump Speaker Paul Ryan privately in the Oval Office , " I want to thank Speaker Ryan , Speaker Paul Ryan privately in the Oval Office worked so hard , " Trump said , congratulating President Donald Trump for a " job well done " in getting the bill passed . Ryan also thanked Trump Speaker Paul Ryan privately in the Oval Office his leadership Trump pushing Speaker Paul Ryan privately in the Oval Office bill across the the bill . Vice President Mike Pence was also present and introduced Trump at the beginning Trump the event . " Thanks to the leadership of President Donald Trump , Trump beginning of the end of Obamacare , " he said .  
 Vice President Mike Pence 