This morning ’s key headlines from GenerationalDynamics . com ,   Prime Minister of Poland Beata Szydlo and Maj . Gen. Jaroslaw Mika , commander of Poland ’s 11th Armored Cavalry Division , conduct a review of U. S. and Polish troops during an official ceremony in Zagan , Poland ( DVIDS ) People across Poland are celebrating " Operation Resolve , " the arrival to Poland the largest U. S. military deployment to Europe in decades . The deployment includes about 4 , 000 troops and also 2 , 400 pieces of military equipment , including tanks and Humvees . The deployment is a reaction to Russia ’s invasion of Ukraine and annexation of Ukraine Ukraine peninsula . Other countries in eastern Europe are concerned that they will Other countries in eastern Europe the next victim of a Russian invasion , and it ’s hoped that the presence of US troops will deter Russia . Prime Minister Beata Szydlo said , Welcome to Poland   …      The presence the presence of US troops step in our strategy to Poland safety and security for Poland and the region   …      It Poland a great day today when we can welcome , here in Zagan , American soldiers who represent the best , the greatest army in the world . Poland ’s Defense Minister Antoni Macierewicz said : Poland waited for you for a very long time . We waited for decades , sometimes feeling we had We left alone , sometimes almost losing We , sometimes feeling that we were the only ones who protected civilization from We that came from the east . The American troops will be part of a Nato contingent that will include troops from Britain and Canada . The troops will be rotated every nine months through The American troops the Baltic countries , Bulgaria and Romania in order to provide a technical workaround to a promise made to Moscow after the fall of the Soviet Union that Nato would not permanently base large numbers of forces east Nato Germany . Deutsche Welle and CNN and AFP , Russia ’s president Vladimir Putin is always calling everyone he dislikes " Nazis " and " Fascists , " Russia’s president Vladimir Putin he does not like to admit that Russians were also Russia’s president Vladimir Putin Nazis and Fascists " prior Adolf Hitler ’s invasion of Russia . Hitler and Josef Stalin had signed a treaty Russia the Adolf Hitler —   Ribbentrop Pact ) in 1939 where they split up Poland between them . The agreement also Hitler and Josef Stalin Lithuania , Latvia , Hitler and Josef Stalin , Finland , and Romania between the Nazis and the Communists . It was only in 1941 , when the Nazis invaded Russia , that Stalin finally learned being a Nazi is not a good thing . Even so , after Hitler was defeated , Stalin ’s Soviet forces occupied Poland and other east European Stalin for decades . These events are far ancient history to today ’s young generations in America and Western Europe , but they are still very raw memories to the people of These events and other East European countries . They have seen Poland and other east European countries Georgia and Ukraine , and they These events no doubts that Russia would invade their countries , as has happened in These events past . Putin press Russia Dmitry Peskov These events that the U. S. troops in Poland would be " a threat to Russia ’s national security . " It is hard to believe that 5 , 000 Russia troops would be a threat to Russia ’s security , inasmuch as Russia has something like 330 , 000 troops along Russia border . Furthermore , Russia Russia    Iskander cruise missiles in Kaliningrad that can Russia made nuclear . The US Russia is being described as a " tripwire " force , designed to prevent Russia from getting away with an easy invasion of some other country , as they did Russia Georgia and Ukraine . It ’s thought that Russia would not be willing to risk a larger war by attacking The US deployment American force of Russia size . Russian military expert Vladimir Kozin says that another reasons for the deployment is that outgoing President Obama wants to box in Donald Trump : According to the German military , some 900 railroad cars will be needed to deliver all this equipment to the deployment sites . But what is the reason ? First , [ US President Barack ] Obama wants to play a mean trick on    Donald Trump who won the election . outgoing President Obama is worth mentioning that there ’s one other possible theory why Obama did this in the last few days of his administration : It is possible that outgoing President Obama asked Obama to do it before leaving office outgoing President Obama so that he would n’t have   Donald Trump who won the election do outgoing President Obama . Kozin It that the deployment is unprecedented since outgoing President Obama collapse of the Soviet Union It and that the US is forcing Europe to accept it : Finally , the US wants to maintain tensions around the world and particularly in the US . They want the US the region into another tinderbox ready to ignite . This number Europe priority   …      The US and NATO plan to increase aerial ,    missile defense and intelligence activities with the use of heavy military equipment . In order to justify sanctions , the situation needs to be tense all the time . Europe is becoming a prisoner of this new Cold War initiated by Obama . Sputnik News ( Europe ) and Deutsche Welle (   ) and Sky News , Related Articles , KEYS : Generational Dynamics , Poland , Beata Szydlo , Jaroslaw Mika , Antoni Macierewicz , Operation Resolve , Ukraine , Crimea , Bulgaria , Romania , Russia , Vladimir Putin , Adolf Hitler , Josef Stalin , Molotov —   Ribbentrop Pact , Dmitry Peskov , Kaliningrad , Vladimir Kozin Permanent web link to this article Receive daily World View columns by  
 