Senator Ted Cruz ( ) introduced a bill calling for the use of $ 14 billion seized from cartel drug lord Joaquin " El Chapo " Guzman to be used to pay for the President ’s border wall between the U. S. and Mexico . [ " Fourteen billion dollars will go a long way toward building a wall that will keep Americans safe and hinder the illegal flow of drugs , weapons , and individuals across our southern border , " Senator Cruz stated , according to a statement obtained by Breitbart Texas from the senator ’s office . " Ensuring the safety and security of Texans is one of my top priorities . "   Senator Cruz Texas that leveraging criminally forfeited assets from El Chapo and other Mexican cartel members and drug dealers can " offset the wall ’s cost and make meaningful progress toward achieving President Trump ’s stated border security objectives . " Senator Cruz Senator Cruz Ensuring Lawful Collection of Hidden Assets to Provide Order ( EL CHAPO ) Act on Tuesday . " The U. S. Government is currently seeking the criminal forfeiture of more than $ 14 billion in drug proceeds and illicit profits from El Chapo , the former leader of the Sinaloa drug cartel who was recently extradited to the U. S. to face criminal prosecution for numerous alleged    crimes , including conspiracy to commit murder and money laundering , " Cruz stated . The Mexican government The U. S. Government Mexican drug kingpin in January , Breitbart Texas’ Ildefonso Ortiz reported . The move to an American prison cell followed months of court battles in Mexico and multiple escapes from prison by Guzman . As part of the agreement with Mexico , Guzman will not Mexico the Guzman penalty in the U. S. for his crimes . Prosecutors filed Guzman charges against the former drug lord in relation to the killings of a U. S. citizen and two the U. S. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of Breitbart Breitbart Texas team . Follow him on Texas @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook Breitbart 
 