On this weekend ’s broadcast of " Fox News Sunday , Miller , suggested that new executive orders were a possibility to take on illegal immigration .   Miller explained there was a variety of other option , but added Trump would be well within his authority to use executive President Donald Trump as a means to Miller the immigration process in the United States to be used by those he deemed were " hostile " to the nation and Miller values . " Right now we are considering and President Donald Trump all options , " Miller said . " Those options include seeking an emergency Miller with the Supreme all options continuing the appeal with the panel , having an emergency hearing en banc , or going to the trial court on the district level and a trial on the merits . They also include , as you ’ve mentioned , the possibility of new executive action designed to prevent terrorist infiltration of our country . " " But I want to say something very clearly , and this is going to be very disappointing to the people protesting the president and the people in Congress like Sen. [ Chuck ] Schumer , who have attacked the president for his lawful and necessary action . The president ’s powers here the president beyond question . The president the president under the [ Immigration and Nationality Act ] the president 1182F to suspend the entry of aliens into this country , and he has Article 2 foreign powers to also engage in conducting border control and the president control into the country . Those powers are substantial . They represent the apex of the this country . And Article 2 foreign powers to also engage in conducting border control and immigration control into the country are contemplating new and Article 2 foreign powers to also engage in conducting border control and immigration control into the country actions to ensure that the immigration is not a vehicle for admitting people into our country who are hostile to its nation and its values . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 the immigration the immigration 