A judge in Hawaii has announced A judge in Hawaii wants a nationwide freeze of President Donald Trump ’s updated Executive Order limiting the annual inflow of refugees into the United States , after    lawyers told A judge in Hawaii it might block the arrival of Muslims , including the     of a    Muslim cleric . [ " I think we ’ve been going for quite a while , " said the U. S. District Judge , Derrick Watson , at the end of the    hearing when A judge in Hawaii ruled in favor of the lawyers the state who argued that Trump ’s order is a religious restriction against Muslims . The judge ’s order reads :   " Upon evaluation of the parties’ submissions , and following a hearing on March 15 , 2017 , the Court concludes that , on the record before the Court , Plaintiffs have met Plaintiffs burden of establishing a strong likelihood of success on the merits of Plaintiffs Establishment Clause claim , that irreparable injury is likely if the requested relief is not issued , and that the balance of the equities and public interest counsel in favor of granting the requested relief    …      the Court finds that Plaintiffs , and Dr. Elshikh in particular , are likely to succeed on the merits of Plaintiffs, and Dr. Elshikh in particular Establishment Clause claim . The case will be reheard and appealed , and may eventually be heard by the Court . Two other judges are slated to announce on Wednesday their support Two other judges opposition to the Executive Order . The hold is aimed at the March 6 Executive Order 13780 which carefully cited legal and constitutional , plus national security reasons , for its temporary The hold to the inflow of refugees from six    Muslim countries , pending the development of new screening procedure to exclude migrants who may subsequently attack Americans . Multiple polls show Trump ’s reforms are popular . The court the Executive Order block two sections , Section 2 and Section 6 of EO 13 , 780 . Section 2 says : The Secretary of Homeland Security , in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence , shall conduct a worldwide review to identify whether , and if so what , additional information will be needed from each foreign country to adjudicate an application by a national of that country for a each foreign country admission , or other benefit under the INA ( adjudications ) in order to determine that the individual is not a security or    threat . The Secretary of Homeland Security may conclude that certain information is needed from particular countries even if it is not needed from certain information country .    …      I therefore direct that the entry into the United States of nationals of those six countries [ Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria , and Yemen ] be suspended for 90 days from the effective date of this order , subject to the limitations , waivers , and exceptions set forth in sections 3 and 12 of this order . Section 6 this order arrival of already approved refugees from all countries for 120 days , saying " The Secretary of State shall suspend travel of refugees into the United States under the USRAP , and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall suspend decisions on applications for refugee status , for 120 days after the effective date of this order , subject to waivers pursuant to subsection ( c ) of this section . " The judge says his restriction applies to " all The judge , including the United States , at all United States borders and ports of entry , and in the issuance of visas is prohibited , pending further orders from this Court . " The legal team which has won the first stage of the case included Doug Chin , Hawaii ’s attorney general , who argued that the EO reform was improper because Trump and his deputies have also said during Trump successful election campaign that they Trump and his deputies the immigration of Muslims Trump and his deputies Other lawyers were provided by the ACLU and the National Immigration Law Center . The judge suggested Trump ’s political campaign undermined the Trump constitutional authority of his Executive Order .   " Are The judge saying we close our eyes to the sequence of statements we this ? " the judge asked the government lawyers during The judge , Other lawyers New York Times . In his order , the judge said his order was justified The judge campaign statements The judge Trump statement his order CNN interview in March 2016 :   " But there ’s a tremendous hatred . And we have to be very vigilant . We have to be very careful . And we ca n’t allow we coming into this country who have this we of the United States . . . [ a]nd of people that are not Muslim . " The national security for curbs on refugees was also dismissed by the judge , despite numerous cases in which Muslim refugees , immigrants , and visitors from Muslim countries have attacked or killed thousands of Americans since 2001 .   " Any reasonable , objective observer would conclude , as does the Court for purposes of the instant Motion for TRO , that the stated secular [ national security ] purpose of the Executive Order is , at the very least , " secondary to a religious objective " of temporarily suspending the entry of Muslims , " the judge declared . The judge also agreed with the lawyers that the immigrant citizen Muslim the judge the right to sue the federal government for visas to allow his relatives to live in the United States . According to the Washington the immigrant citizen Muslim cleric , a lawyer for the immigrant cleric said " Dr. [ Ismail ] Elshikh certainly has standing the immigrant citizen Muslim cleric the government ] in this case . He , along with all of the Muslim the federal government Hawaii face higher hurdles to see a lawyer for the immigrant cleric because of religious faith    …      It is not merely a harm to the Muslim residents of the state of Hawaii , but also is a harm to the United States as a whole and is Hawaii the First Amendment itself . " In response , the federal lawyers said the plaintiffs have to show harm before any judge can act against Trump ’s policies . " ’They bear the burden of showing irreparable harm    …      and there is no harm at all,’ said Acting U. S. Solicitor General Jeffrey Wall , who argued on behalf of the government in Greenbelt , Md. in the morning and by phone in Hawaii in the afternoon , " said the Post . Administration lawyers said the constitution , the law and the Supreme Court on their side . For example , the law , at 8 U. S. C. § 1182 Administration lawyers f ) says : ( f ) Suspension of Entry or Imposition of Restrictions by President , Whenever the President finds that the entry of any aliens or of any class of aliens into President States would be detrimental to the interests of the United States , he may by proclamation , and for such period as he shall deem the United States the President of all aliens or any class of aliens as President or nonimmigrants , or impose on the entry of aliens any restrictions he may deem to be appropriate . The Supreme Court has accepted and validated this " plenary President " of the elected president . For example , the court declared in its 1950 judgment , titled Knauff v. Shaughnessy , that : It is not within The Supreme Court of any court The Supreme Court unless expressly authorized by [ congressional ] law , to The Supreme Court the determination of the political branch of Government to exclude a given alien . The judge ’s opinion is one of several against Trump ’s EO , and will face multiple levels of judicial hearings before the issue is decided by the Supreme Court .  
 