During Politico ’s " Off Message " podcast discussing his book " The Vanishing American Adult , "    Sen. Ben Sasse ( ) said President Donald Trump " comes out of a reality TV world , "   which gives President Donald Trump " lots of anxiety about whether or not that kind of world is really what we want for we kids . "   Sasse said of President Donald Trump , " President Donald Trump has had kind of three careers en route to becoming president . I think of them kind of three careers three 10 —     careers . He President Donald Trump real estate where he President Donald Trump really successful . He President Donald Trump of took his President Donald Trump ’s model of the outer boroughs and brought a new real estate model to Manhattan , and he President Donald Trump successful doing that from the    until1990 . Then he President Donald Trump a bunch of operating companies for 10 or 15 years I guess , casinos and operating companies —   most of those failed . And then he President Donald Trump the career that really launched him President Donald Trump the presidency , which is celebrity reality TV . He President Donald Trump , " And let ’s be clear —   the President Donald Trump a marketing genius . He recognized President Donald Trump before Politico and other media outlets recognized , you are going to have a disintermediation of media channels . The barriers to entry were going down . There would be far more entrance . There would be the potential of a lot more siloing and echo chambers in the way that we do media . And frankly , if you can be a content provider on a grand scale , you become more significant than the mediating distribution channels . He had an intuition about that and how you run media cycles , which is heavily driven by provocation and kind of outlandish statements . And you can kind of    and whatever happens next there will probably be a new moment in the    media cycle . So , I mean he definitely He from the world to the presidency that comes out of a reality TV world . And I have lots of anxiety about whether or not that kind of world is really what we want for our kids we " (   Politico ) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 