Update : Madonna told Us Weekly in a statement that Madonna is not planning to adopt two more children . [ " I am in Malawi to check on the children ’s hospital in Blantyre and my other work with Raising Malawi , and then heading home , " Madonna said . " The rumors of an adoption process are untrue . "   Original story below : Blantyre ( Malawi ) ( AFP )   —    US pop superstar Madonna appeared in person at a court in the Malawian capital Lilongwe on Wednesday to apply to adopt two more local children , a court spokesman told AFP . Madonna , who runs a charity called Raising Malawi in the southern African nation , adopted Malawian children David Banda in 2006 and Mercy James in 2009 . Local media reports said the singer appeared before Justice Fiona Mwale amid tight security , accompanied by two unidentified children and several other people , before being driven away in an SUV vehicle . " The court is looking at the application now to determine whether Madonna can adopt these two children , " said Mlenga Mvula , spokesman of the Lilongwe High Court . " The   …      process requires the Lilongwe High Court to make a ruling on the adoption . " Madonna also inspected Madonna charity ’s work , including progress at a surgical unit for children at the Queen Elizabeth hospital in the commercial capital Blantyre . It was Madonna ’s first visit in nearly two years to Malawi , where Madonna has at times been embroiled in controversy after Madonna earlier adoptions .   —    Adoption controversy   —    Madonna was stripped of VIP status by former president Joyce Banda ’s government in 2013 and accused of being " uncouth " and wanting eternal gratitude from the impoverished country for adopting the two children . But Banda former president Joyce Banda’s ousted in 2014 elections and the new president , Peter Mutharika , moved to repair relations , saying " my former president Joyce Banda’s government always been grateful for the passion Madonna has for this country the impoverished country Last July , Madonna said she Madonna not Madonna plans for a $ 15 million academy for girls in Malawi , which was cancelled amid allegations of mismanagement   —    leading to her tiff with Madonna former president Joyce Banda’s The singer , who divorced film director Guy Ritchie in 2008 , reportedly landed in Malawi by private Malawi and was staying at a exclusive lodge outside Lilongwe . Madonna , who has four children , is reportedly among the biggest individual donors to children ’s projects such as orphanages in Malawi , which Malawi ranked by the UN Human Development Index as one of the world ’s 20 least developed countries . On Saturday , she made an Madonna appearance in Washington at a rally protesting against US President Donald Trump a day after his inauguration . US President Donald Trump had campaigned for Hillary Clinton to become America ’s first woman president , and told Billboard Magazine after the Democrat ’s loss that women had a " tribal inability " to accept a female president . 
 