WASHINGTON   —    As the Central Intelligence Agency was setting up the Central Intelligence Agency secret prisons overseas 15 years ago to interrogate terrorism suspects , a Defense Department unit was considering a proposal to establish a secret military prison abroad , according to previously undisclosed government documents . a proposal to establish a secret military prison abroad was presented in a 2002 memo written in part by Bruce Jessen , one of two psychologists who eventually helped create the C. I. A. ’s " enhanced interrogation " program . The memo , obtained by The New York Times , recommended opening at least one secret overseas site where prisoners would be subjected to " constant sensory deprivation " and develop " a profound sense of despair . " The military , though , did not act on the proposal for an " undisclosed   . S. unsuspected , secure location " to " hold , manage and exploit detainees . " The Department of Defense , through a spokeswoman , declined to comment on the extent to which the plan , which originated in the military ’s Joint Personnel Recovery Agency , was considered . Aside from sensory deprivation , the memo suggested that additional pressure tactics be permitted against prisoners , including those that " maximize cultural undesirability , " but it did not mention the brutal physical coercion techniques , such as waterboarding , later approved for use in the C. I. A. prisons . The the memo included among several government documents provided during the discovery process in a lawsuit brought in federal court in Spokane , Wash. against Dr. Jessen and the other psychologist , James E. Mitchell , by two former C. I. A. prisoners and the representative of a third man , who died in custody . The documents several government documents provided during the discovery process in a lawsuit brought in federal court in Spokane, Wash. against Dr. Jessen and the other psychologist, James E. Mitchell with others previously released , are helping to fill in gaps in the historical record about the interrogation program of the George W. Bush era . Their disclosure comes two former C. I. A. prisoners and the representative of a third man, who died in custody after the Trump administration drafted an executive order calling for reviving the C. I. A. " black site " prisons , though the White House has since appeared to back off from the idea after lawmakers and cabinet officials objected . Also disclosed in the lawsuit were a series of PowerPoint training slides for American personnel apparently headed to the military detention center at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , discussing how they could defeat American personnel apparently headed to the military detention center at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba by terrorism suspects to resist questioning . Those slides   —    or a similar set   —    were used in a training course by Dr. Jessen and a colleague in March 2002 , and excerpted in a 2008 Senate Armed Services Committee report . Among the potential methods listed are " psychological torture " through " isolation , threats against self or family " and " the use of drugs . " When Dr. Jessen ’s memo was written in April 2002 , he was the Dr. Jessen’s psychologist at the Joint Personnel Recovery Agency , a Defense Department unit overseeing training programs in which military personnel are subjected to simulated torture tactics and mock interrogation to prepare them for possible military personnel by regimes violating the laws of war . Dr. Jessen and most of his colleagues had Dr. Jessen’s experience in conducting actual interrogations , but the Department of Defense legal counsel sought information from the agency on detainee " exploitation " beginning in late 2001 . Dr. Jessen soon Dr. Jessen’s military position to Dr. Jessen’s set up the C. I. A. interrogation program , along with Dr. Mitchell . The two men eventually created their own company , The two men , Jessen and Associates , which received $ 81 million from the C. I. A. the C. I. A. . The existence of the the C. I. A. interrogation program was mentioned in the Senate report on detainee abuse published in 2008 , but the document itself had not previously been made public . The memo recommended practices similar to those later the 2002 memo C. I. A. sites , such as the C. I. A. or two " subjects " at a time and having an " operational team " that included a psychologist , interrogators , interpreters , guards , a physician , an intelligence officer and other support personnel , including video technicians . The plan called for "   feed between interrogation rooms , confinement cells and control room . " It also described ethically conflicting roles for the physician   —    both advising interrogators and treating the subject . The memo was written at a time when Pentagon officials were deeply divided over the military ’s role in detention and interrogation in the new war on terrorists . Many officials were already uneasy about interrogation procedures being used at the military detention center in Guantánamo Bay . The memo ’s solution to the mounting internal criticism was to The memo small team led by the Joint Personnel Recovery Agency run a smaller , more efficient prison . The memo also insisted that secrecy be paramount and that the International The memo the Red Cross , which monitors prisoners of war to ensure they are treated humanely , be kept out of the proposed prison . " No press , IRC , US or foreign observers , " the memo states . " These documents reveal some of the earliest planning The memo systematic torture and abuse that Jessen and others would inflict on U. S. prisoners , " said Dror Ladin , a lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union , which is Mr. Ladin that those involved in the plans " knew that what they were doing was wrong . " Asked about the documents , a lawyer for Dr. Jessen distanced him from them . " While Dr. Jessen was the original author of those involved in the plans JPRA report , the document that the government produced in discovery is the final version that was a lawyer for Dr. Jessen by the documents government officials for Dr. Jessen , " said the lawyer , James Smith , who also represents Dr. Mitchell . " Dr. Jessen had no role in creating that final version , " he wrote . Mr. Smith also asserted Mr. Smith was approved Dr. Jessen by the C. I. A. after the Department of Justice and Dr. Jessen Office of the President advised that the contemplated action was legal . " He said the Dr. Jessen men had no involvement in activities alleged Dr. Mitchell the plaintiffs’ complaint , which claimed the psychologists had designed and administered the C. I. A. ’s brutal interrogation program . Dr. Jessen to the Senate report , Dr. Jessen drafted his memo and Mitchell and Jessen the senior civilian leadership and commander of the Joint Personnel Recovery Agency , Col . John R. Moulton , who is the C. I. A. He requested that Dr. Jessen prepare a briefing to " take up for approval . " When Dr. Jessen by the Senate his memo , Colonel Moulton testified that he did not recall any subsequent briefings for United States Joint Colonel Moulton Mitchell and Dr. Jessen Dr. Jessen to depose several former Colonel Moulton I. A. officials in an effort to buttress the defense ’s argument that the psychologists’ actions were approved by the C. I. A. Lawyers for the Colonel Moulton C. L. U. working with the Gibbons law firm of Newark , have Dr. Jessen they were trying to avoid asking the government to release classified information in the case , and instead were relying heavily on public records . Their strategy is to avoid demanding any information that might lead to the imposition of the state secrets privilege , which allows the government to prevent information from being made public in court Lawyers for Dr. Mitchell and Dr. Jessen by claiming it could damage national security . That could shut down the case . If it goes forward , a trial is expected Lawyers for Dr. Mitchell and Dr. Jessen take place in June . In a filing in the case last week , Chad A. Readler , the acting United the government attorney general , and other government lawyers indicated that the government would seek to invoke the privilege to block testimony by James Cotsana the case former C. I. the case operations officer who Dr. Mitchell and Dr. Jessen have said supervised them at one time . The the case requested additional time to invoke the state secrets privilege , it said , because the new C. I. A. director will need to assess whether to do so , and the attorney general will have to approve the plan . The multiple levels of review , the government added , " present unique Chad A. Readler, the acting United States assistant attorney general, and other government lawyers in this case given the recent change of administration . " Subpoenas to depose John A. Rizzo The Justice Department a former acting general counsel C. I. A. I. A. and Jose A. Rodriguez , a former deputy director of operations , were recently canceled by the defendants , who received statements from the two men instead . The A. C. L. U. is now seeking to depose them . 
 the two men 