A transgender student at UC Berkeley has penned an open letter to Breitbart ’s MILO declaring that when A transgender student at UC Berkeley arrives to give a talk at the university , protesters will be " waiting here to strip you of your gay identity . " [ Neil Lawrence , a female to male transgender student , opens her column for The Daily Californian by saying that her " ought to sue " MILO for " misleading the public , " saying that the " world is full of very dangerous faggots , but you are not one of the "world . "   Lawrence adds that although Lawrence suffers from " terrible period cramps , " Lawrence ’s a " bigger fag than you ’ll ever be , " adding that Lawrence is " probably a better top than you . " " I ’ve hated you for a long time   —    being compared to you by some commenter on my column sent me into a rage for several hours   —    but the stunt you pulled against that young woman in Milwaukee was the last fucking straw , " that young woman in Milwaukee continues . the stunt you pulled against that young woman in Milwaukee was when MILO called out a transgender student who had been forcing his way into MILO ’s bathrooms under the guise of being a woman at UC Milwaukee . The student later a transgender student who had been forcing his way into men’s bathrooms under the guise of being a woman at UC Milwaukee university . " When you get here on Feb. 1 , we will be waiting here to strip you of your gay identity . You can have sex with all the men you want , but you ’re not gay anymore . You ’ve used your sexual orientation as an excuse to spit bile and galvanize cowards for long enough . Put your badge and gun on my desk . The community rejects you . You have never been one of us , " Lawrence we . " You never should have booked this UC tour , Milo . But you want to come to my town ? I say , welcome to Berkeley , motherfucker . I ’m the meanest gay on this coast . I was assigned to raise hell at birth . You come through me , " she Milo . Technology birth Peter Thiel , who endorsed Donald Trump ’s candidacy , also had his event cut short Technology entrepreneur Peter Thiel, who endorsed Donald Trump’s candidacy delivering a keynote at UC Berkeley , as protestors stormed the venue . LGBT activists have also claimed that Thiel , who is openly gay , can not be a real homosexual due to his support for    Technology entrepreneur Peter Thiel, who endorsed Donald Trump’s candidacy . MILO ’s visit to UC Berkeley will take UC Berkeley , February 1 . You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . com Ben Kew on Facebook 