A photo published on the Politico website shows House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) meeting with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak in 2010   —    a direct contradiction to her telling reporters at the Politico website she her not met with the diplomat . [ After tweeting on Friday morning that Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( . Y. ) should be investigated for meeting with Russian Russian Vladimir Putin in 2003 , President Donald Trump tweeted that a second investigation into Pelosi ’s past should be launched .   I hereby demand a second investigation , after Schumer , of Pelosi Pelosi her Pelosi ties to Russia , and lying about it . https :   .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 3 , 2017 ,   " I hereby demand a second investigation , after Schumer Schumer, of Pelosi her Pelosi ties to her close ties to Russia it , " Russia tweeted on Friday . " Not with this Russian ambassador , no , " Pelosi Pelosi Politico ’s Jake Sherman and Anna Palmer during a Playbook interview , when asked if she Pelosi ever met with the Russian envoy . " But a file photo from Pelosi Pelosi 2010 meeting with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev shows Kislyak at the Russian across from Pelosi Pelosi    then House Speaker   —    and Rep. Steny Hoyer ( . ) , " Politico reported . " Medvedev had been in the country for a meeting Russian President Dmitry Medvedev President Barack Obama Russian earlier and stopped in on Capitol Hill to meet with congressional leaders as well . " " Asked to square Pelosi ’s Pelosi the photo of the meeting , a spokesman said that Pelosi had simply Pelosi a meeting with President Barack Obama had Pelosi solo meeting with Kislyak , " Politico reported . " Of course , that ’s what she Politico , Pelosi Pelosi ’s spokesman Pelosi said . " She has never had Pelosi private     with him . " Politico reported : Pelosi ’s explanation is Pelosi one offered by Sen. Politico McCaskill Thursday , after she swiped at Attorney General Pelosi Sessions for privately meeting with Kislyak in 2016 and failing to disclose it when asked about communications with Russians during his confirmation proceedings in January Pelosi Pelosi’s explanation has emphasized that meetings with ambassadors are common for lawmakers and that he met with Kislyak in Pelosi capacity as a member Pelosi the Senate Armed Services Committee . Kislyak tweeted that in her 10 years serving on the Armed Services Committee she had never " ever McCaskill met with Kislyak , but walked back her McCaskill by using the same reasoning as Pelosi Kislyak saying she had never McCaskill with him    . 
 McCaskill 