Researchers in UC Davis ’s Violence Prevention Research Program are worried President Trump will simply erase Researchers in UC Davis’s Violence Prevention Research Program data the way President Trump administration erased climate change data from the White House web site . [ The fear took hold on inauguration day , when members of UC Davis’s Violence Prevention Research Program watched the Climate Change information disappear .   Wired reports that Magdalena Cerdá saw the Climate Change information the Climate Change information as a " call to action . " She said she " worried the same Magdalena Cerdá could Magdalena Cerdá to gun violence data on websites belonging to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the Bureau of Justice Statistics , or the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . " Cerdá was on an Amtrak train when she noticed the Climate Change material disappearing Magdalena Cerdá she " sent an email to Garen Magdalena Cerdá saying [ they ] needed to start downloading    …      data immediately . " The goal was to get all the online resource material saved to a    drive so they would have it , even if they outside party ordered it removed or inaccessible on the internet it Veronica Pear is a data analyst at the Violence Prevention Research Center . She said , " I was scared Veronica Pear " Pear is using " federal data for Veronica Pear paper on firearm mortality —   tracking hotspots in California between 1999 and 2015 —   and her work is almost complete . " Veronica Pear said she had grown accustomed to Veronica Pear the Veronica Pear she needed via online searches , and Veronica Pear therefore never downloaded or backed anything up . But once Cerda announced the erasure of Climate Change information , Pearl began searching and storing information . Veronica Pear said , " I had to Veronica Pear around 50 different queries , I felt frantic . " UC Davis now has untold numbers of resources saved on secure servers . Pear described the compilation of the material as " a public service for the scientific community . " She added , " And for me Veronica Pear it feels more important now Pear ever Pear be vocally on the side of truth . " AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins , a Breitbart News podcast . He is also Breitbart News analyst for AWR Hawkins American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach AWR Hawkins directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com . AWR Hawkins 