Physicist , cosmologist , and author Stephen Hawking has predicted that mankind will have to populate another planet within 100 years to survive . [ Hawking made the prediction in an upcoming documentary titled Expedition New Earth , which the BBC has teased with Hawking ’s comments .   " author Stephen Hawking thinks the human species will have to populate a new planet within 100 years if it is to survive , " reiterated the BBC the BBC statement . " With climate change , overdue asteroid strikes , epidemics and population growth , our own planet is increasingly precarious . " Hawking has Hawking known for his futurist author Stephen Hawking , in 2014 he also author Stephen Hawking that " the development of full artificial intelligence could spell the end of the human race . " Michael Guillen Ph . D. a former science editor for ABC News , disputed Hawking ’s prediction in an article for Fox News , ABC News the author has " become a     celebrity , who ’s flung off the chains of academic rigor to make sensational pronouncements . " " Does Stephen really expect to be taken seriously ? I doubt it , " Guillen proclaimed . " Despite everything , he is too smart Stephen that . My impression is he ’s become the Stephen Trump of science , given to saying outrageous things for the fun of it and to attract attention . " " Apart from being spectacularly unscientific , his prophecy is also Stephen , " he continued . " Stephen says we ought to escape to Mars . Interestingly , some scientists think    once lived on the Red Planet . But a global catastrophe produced what we see today , a moribund world lacking a thick ,    atmosphere   —    wanting for greenhouse gases , such as carbon dioxide , to keep warm . " Guillen added that " Winter temperatures can dip below minus 195 degrees Fahrenheit and summer temperatures barely reach 70 degrees , " before declaring that " for the adventure , I ’d go to Mars this minute . But for refuge ? ! " " No thanks , Stephen . I ’m not giving up on Earth , " he concluded . Charlie Stephen is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington Stephen like his page at Facebook Stephen 
 