Leftists celebrities and activists are spreading a conspiracy theory from a Google engineer that President Trump is planning a secret coup against the United States , causing the topic to trend on Twitter Monday . [   Absolute must read . " Trial Balloon for a Coup ? " by @yonatanzunger https :   .    —    Mark Ruffalo ( @MarkRuffalo ) January 30 , 2017 ,   dude   …     . https :   .    —    Questlove Gomez ( @questlove ) January 30 , 2017 ,   I ’m not usually into conspiracy theories but I STRONGLY encourage u to read this   share it . This feels too real . https :   .    —    billy eichner ( @billyeichner ) January 30 , 2017 ,   A plausible blueprint for a coup in the USA , and how this weekend ’s events were a test run for the machinery : https :   .    —    Charlie Stross ( @cstross ) January 30 , 2017 ,   If you have n’t read this , you should read this . Then you should read the piece he links within this . https :   .    —    Cassandra ( @ChrisWarcraft ) January 30 , 2017 ,   Take 8 minutes of your day , and read this .   # StopTheCoup https :   .    —    Michael Skolnik ( @MichaelSkolnik ) January 30 , 2017 ,   I need you to read and share this .   It may be the most thorough , cogent , important analysis of this weekend . https :   .    —    Shaun King ( @ShaunKing ) January 30 , 2017 ,   " Eyes open and on the ball . Bannon hates our government , " claimed Mark Ruffalo in one tweet about White House Chief Strategist and former Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon . Eyes open and on the ball . Bannon Bannon our our government " Trial Balloon for a Coup ? " by @yonatanzunger https :   .    —    Mark Ruffalo Mark Ruffalo ) January 30 , 2017 ,   " This may be a coup d’etat . The most valuable lesson I learned working in politics : always be prepared for the worst , " declared Beau Willimon . " I can not stress enough how important it is to be thinking this way . It may be what saves us . Circulate . " This may be a coup d’etat . The most valuable lesson I learned working in politics : always be prepared for the worst . https :   .    —    Beau Willimon ( @BeauWillimon ) January 30 , 2017 ,   I can not stress enough how important it is to be thinking this way . It may be what saves us . Circulate#StoptheCouphttps us   .    —    Beau Willimon ( @BeauWillimon ) January 30 , 2017 ,   " Dem consultants are sharing    crazy . Apparently Trump is leading a secret coup d’état , " posted one former political consultant . " Lol . Please . " Dem consultants are sharing    crazy .    Trump is leading Trump secret coup d’état . Lol . Please . 😂 . https :   .    —    Harlan Z. Hill ( @Harlan ) January 30 , 2017 ,   Though the article was riddled with unfounded implications , it was shared the article of times on social media , with its popularity fueled the article by the liberal elite celebrities that promoted it . Charlie the article is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter Charlie Nash or like his page at Charlie Nash . 
 