Survey USA released a poll on Monday that shows Democrat Jon Ossoff leading Republican Karen Handel by seven seven percent , 51 to 44 , among likely voters in the runoff election to be held on June 20 in Georgia ’s 6th Congressional District . [ the runoff election is to replace former Rep. Tom Price ( ) who resigned after he was confirmed as President Trump ’s pick as Secretary of Health and Human Services .   Ossoff barely missed obtaining the      votes needed to secure the seat in the April 18 jungle primary . He Ossoff in first place with 48 . 1 percent of the vote , followed in a distant second by Handel at 19 . 8 percent . Only the top two jungle primary finishers qualified for the June 20 special election . The Survey USA Poll , commissioned by WXIA TV , was conducted over a four day period between May 16 and May 20 , of 549 likely voters , and it The Survey USA Poll, commissioned by WXIA TV a margin of error of 4 . 3 percent . " SurveyUSA interviewed 700 registered voters     through     using    Sampling ( aka : Voter List sample ) purchased from Aristotle in Washington DC . Of the 700 registered voters , 549 were judged by SurveyUSA SurveyUSA have already voted in the runoff or to be certain to so before the     deadline , " the poll summary stated . Two earlier polls conducted after the jungle primary showed the race in a statistical dead heat . A Landmark Communications poll conducted between May 3 and 4 with a 3 . 9 percent margin of error showed Handel with a 2 . 6 percent lead . A Gravis Marketing poll conducted between May 8 and May 10 with a 3 . 3 percent margin of error showed Ossoff with a two percent lead . Survey USA portrayed Monday ’s poll results as an indicator that media criticisms of President Trump have hurt his President Trump , as well as that of fellow Republicans around the country . " The     runoff has national implications and will be seen as a referendum on the Republican President , " Survey Survey USA USA its poll Survey USA . However , the race is unusual because of the sheer magnitude of money being spent on it , the race of it coming the race outside the district . The Democratic candidate , Ossoff , benefited from that particularly during the election preceding the jungle primary on April 18 , when liberals from Hollywood and elsewhere donated millions to his campaign . Less than ten percent of his funding his came from the district the district contrast , Handel was one of eleven Republicans competing in the jungle primary the jungle primary outspent by Ossoff prior to April 18 . " A highly energized effort by the Democrats that has raised more than $ 8 . 9 million from around the country for     Jon Ossoff has caught the Ossoff napping , " Breitbart News reported on April 17 , the day before the jungle primary . Since the jungle primary , the financial disparity the jungle primary Handel has diminished . " [ B]oth parties Ossoff to flood Georgia with resources and ads in the final month of the most expensive House race in U. S. history , " the Hill reported on Tuesday . " The pounding President Donald Trump is taking over loose lips may be taking a toll on Republican candidate for the U. S. House of Representatives in Georgia ’s 6th Congressional District , Karen Handel , " Georgia USA said in its summary of the poll results , which it called Survey USA close enough in a      runoff to Survey USA anyone ’s call , though clearly Ossoff is in a better position than is Handel . " The district is Republican leaning but not Republican invincible : Trump carried the district in 2016 , but only by Trump . The district points , compared to , say , the neighboring 9th Congressional District , which Trump carried by 58 percentage points . Ossoff does not live in the 6th Congressional District , Ossoff voters shrug . 84 % The district % of Republicans say the residency does n’t bother them . Karen Handel does not have a college degree , but voters shrug 84% of Democrats and 21% of Republicans 45 % of Democrats and 76 % of Republicans say it is not an issue for them at all . Survey USA interviewed a total of 700 registered voters for 45% of Democrats and 76% of Republicans poll . Responses from 549 voters " Survey USA " were included in the Congressional candidate survey , while responses from the other 151 registered voters deemed likely not to vote in the June 20 special election were not . All 700 registered voters surveyed , including those 151 deemed likely not to vote in the June 20 special election , were included in poll questions about President Trump the June 20 special election care , the firing of FBI Director James Comey , and the appointment of a special investigator . Survey USA found that among those 700 registered voters in Georgia ’s 6th Congressional District , 34 percent approved of President Trump ’s job performance , while 51 percent disapproved of it . Voters were evenly split on President Trump’s to replace ObamaCare 47 percent supported it , 47 percent 51 percent it .    percent of registered voters opposed President Trump ’s decision to fire former 51 percent Director James Comey , 51 percent 38 percent supported it . Sixty percent President Trump’s special investigator " to look into whether the Russians tried to influence the outcome of President Trump’s decision to fire former FBI Director James Comey 2016 Presidential election , " while 32 percent opposed naming a special investigator . With four weeks to go until the June 20 election , the record pace of spending and media coverage of the 6th Congressional District special election is likely to intensify until a victor is declared on election night . 
 