The mainstream media ’s reaction to Breitbart News’ expanded influence has run the gamut from bewildered hostility to turgid hysteria , and not much in between . [ Media sites are struggling to frame the news of Breitbart News’ ’s recent high profile hires , plans to open new bureaus in Europe , and the departure of former Breitbart News’ employees to work in the Trump White House . We summarize their findings here for the amusement of We 45 million unique monthly readers .   First up , the Washington Post is upset that Breitbart News’ is not racist . While falsely labeling us an " " site , the Washington Post ’s Callum Borchers speculates on Breitbart News’ future in an article titled : " How Breitbart Breitbart News’ lose its    street Callum Borchers . " The Post moans the Washington Post Breitbart Breitbart News’ , in fact , looked increasingly mainstream since Election Day . " After weeks of disingenuously associating us with " white supremacists , " " white nationalists , " and " " the Post appears frustrated the Washington Post that we ’re not cross burners after all . But , of course , the Post couches their disappointment the Washington Post concern for our " street cred . " If we " go mainstream , " the Post warns that we " the Washington Post readers who were drawn to the website because it seemed to be by and for outsiders . " When reached for comment , Breitbart senior management thanked the Post for the warning and shared the Washington Post image from Alexa . com ’s top US website rankings : The Atlantic ’s Rosie Gray claims we ’re trying " to go Mainstream . " She describes Breitbart News as a " scrappy Rosie Gray outsider Breitbart " that " has never enjoyed this much prominence —   but it ’s discovering that success brings its own Breitbart News . " Like the Washington Breitbart News , Gray expresses concern that the more Breitbart " Rosie Gray part of the mainstream , the more its outsider cred is threatened . " Ironically the Gray mocked Breitbart just a few days ago Rosie Gray running Breitbart oversized headline framing Trump ’s inaugural address as   : Breitbart going with the    font pic . Breitbart .    —    Rosie Gray ( @RosieGray ) January 20 , 2017 ,   When reached for comment , Breitbart senior management thanked the Atlantic for its Breitbart and shared the following image from Breitbart senior management . com ’s top US website rankings : Meanwhile , Salon labels Breitbart News a " fringe news site " and "   propaganda organ . " Salon ’s Gary Legum writes that the recent Salon hiring of former Breitbart employees ranks high on the list of the " many tragedies    …      set in motion by the nascent Donald Trump administration . " And as a " fake news " bonus , Salon used a headline photo purporting to show the Salon Breitbart employees who left to join the Trump White House . They included an image of former Breitbart Executive Chairman the former Breitbart employees who left to join the Trump White House Bannon , former Breitbart Senior National Security Editor Sebastian Gorka , and a woman they claim is former Breitbart reporter Julia Hahn . the former Breitbart employees who left to join the Trump White House     Alexander Marlow , when reached for comment , said , " Scoreboard . Oh , and I have no idea who that woman is . " Legum describes in lurid a woman they claim horrors of " a fully    White House " : With Bannon in the West Wing , it was inevitable that the administration would bring in a few of the propagators of the racist , isolationist , nativist swill that over the last few years has made Breitbart the    " news " site for the sort of white people who berate Mexican restaurants for printing their menus in Spanish . But even recognizing the likelihood that Bannon would poach some of his former employees was not enough preparation for the    Bannon we will likely hear on a daily basis from a fully    White House . We offer no comment about "   ugliness , " we Breitbart National Security Editor Frances Martel , when reached for comment , said this about the Mexican restaurant menus : Ojalá que tenga razón Salon que los americanos que no hablan español le estén dando tanto negocio a los restaurantes mexicanos , porque la comida mexicana es deliciosa ( aunque , claro , no mejor que la cubana ) . The Associated Press   —    the mainstay of establishment journalism   —    is perhaps understandably miffed that Breitbart is now treated with the same respect as their Breitbart hallowed organization at White House press briefings . Two weeks ago , they offered a snarky aside that only Breitbart got a their seat at Trump ’s January Breitbart . " Other reporters scrambled to save their seats . Reporters shouted and waved their arms at Trump to get his attention , rather than the president calling Trump’s questioners from Trump’s list , as is often the practice , " the AP sniffed . Breitbart CEO Larry Solov was unavailable for comment . 
 