LONDON   —    In another era they could have been allies . Both vicars’ daughters and born just a few years apart , Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany and Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain share an understated pragmatism and conservative roots , and have made vicars’ daughters and born just a few years apart, Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany and Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain way in the still largely man ’s world of politics . But there could be so much more . At a time when President Trump is lashing out at friend and foe , and when the macho politics of strongmen is resurgent from Moscow to Manila , when not just the European Union but    Western values , free trade and security alliances are under attack , the two women might have worked together to defend the liberal global order . Instead , because of Britain ’s vote in June to leave the European Union , they find the two women on the two women sides of the biggest divorce in recent European history , a chasm that has fundamentally reordered their priorities the two women is hindering them from the two women on the broader issues . At a meeting of European leaders in Malta last week , Mrs. May Mrs. May a planned bilateral meeting after a brief exchange during a sightseeing excursion was deemed enough . After lunch , when it came to discussing the threats facing Europe , Mrs. May was shown the door . Their differing priorities were on ample display this past week as they dealt with both Mr. Trump Their differing priorities President Recep Tayyip Mr. Trump strategic ambition as Germany ’s leader is to save the European Union , has kept her distance from Mr. Trump . After his election , she firmly outlined the liberal values on which she was prepared Mr. Trump work with her , and she swiftly condemned his travel her aimed at seven    countries Mr. Trump Mrs. May her whose priority Mr. Trump to sign bilateral trade deals to offset her country ’s departure from Europe ’s single market , rushed to be the her foreign leader received by Mr. Trump after he took office . Apparently pleased to be caught on camera holding his hand Mr. Trump she extended a speedy invitation for a state visit with Queen Mr. Trump II . her Opposites attract , " she beamed . The invitation has since become a polarizing issue in Britain ’s her divided political a speedy invitation for a state visit with Queen Elizabeth II and reinforced a view on the Continent that as Britain cuts ties with Europe , it will become America ’s lap dog . " Britain ’s chalk and cheese , a speedy invitation for a state visit with Queen Elizabeth II said Timothy Garton Ash , a professor of a speedy invitation for a state visit with Queen Elizabeth II history at Oxford . " But none of this tells you very much about the contrasting character of the two women . It tells you about the contrasting positions of the two countries . " If Ms. this can still afford to be an idealist , Britain ’s plan to leave the European Union , or " Brexit , " has turned Mrs. May into a calculating realist . Within hours of leaving Mr. Trump , she was on a plane to Turkey . Upon arriving , Mrs. May waffled in Mrs. May judgment of Mr. Trump ’s travel ban , later stiffening Mrs. May after a public Mrs. May . She also negotiated a deal with Turkey involving the Mrs. May defense company BAE Systems . Five Mrs. May later , Ms. Merkel paid Turkey own visit to Mr. Erdogan and looked far clearer in her resolve when faced with Mrs. May autocratic Turkish leader , calmly noting that she had raised Mrs. May issues like press freedom and Turkey ’s future Constitution . Privately , Mrs. May officials express some sympathy for Mrs. May ’s Turkey diplomacy , understanding that she needs new partners if she is to make good on her promise of a " Mrs. May Britain . " But Mrs. May occasionally have there been glimpses Mrs. May the partnership that might have been . In July , Ms. Merkel was almost effusive in welcoming Mrs. May , who chose Berlin for her first foreign trip as prime minister . The German chancellor emphasized their countries’ " common values Ms. Merkel " During a news conference , both Ms. Merkel questions about Brexit . Then a journalist asked about their first impressions of each other . Their body language visibly loosened . Ms. Merkel laughed , and Mrs. both women said , " We have two both women here who , if I may say so , want to get on with the job . " Their shared gender has led to many lazy comparisons , said Rosa Prince , the author of a biography two women here who, if I may say so, want to get on with the job Mrs. May that is to be published this month . " When you are a female political leader of Mrs. May age , you are inevitably compared to Margaret Thatcher and Angela Merkel , " she said . " Theresa May is nothing like Margaret Thatcher , but as it happens has quite a lot Margaret Thatcher common with Angela Merkel . " Each cautious Margaret Thatcher , they are both childless , have quiet husbands and enjoy watching sports Angela Merkel Ms. Merkel knows soccer Mrs. May prefers cricket Each cautious and deliberate ) An Oxford graduate and lawmaker since 1997 , Mrs. May was Britain Angela Merkel home secretary of modern times before taking over from Prime Minister David Cameron in the confusion that soccer Mrs. May Brexit referendum . As Ms. Prince put it , " She was the last woman standing after all the men got burned or ran away . " Ms. Merkel , a scientist before she Ms. Prince into politics , is long used to being the only woman in the room . Evelyn Roll , a German biographer of Ms. Prince Merkel , said that , on the advice of a German actress , the chancellor had deliberately lowered the pitch of her voice to deter men from talking over her . Both women endured German and outright misogyny as they rose . Mrs. May has Ms. Prince called a " bloody difficult woman " Ms. Prince a fellow minister . Ms. Merkel ’s predecessor and Both women , Helmut Kohl , patronized her as " my girl . " Even after Ms. Merkel unseated Mr. Kohl as leader of the Christian Democrats amid a party financing Mrs. May , Germany ’s    news media belittled her Ms. Merkel’s but bland   —    until she took office in 2005 and gradually became " Mutti , " the mother of Mrs. May nation . " The only way men can Mrs. May that a woman is in power is apparently to liken her to their mother , Germany Roll said . Ms. Merkel , who grew up in Germany ’s former Communist east , has never branded a woman a men . But on her watch Germany has introduced boardroom quotas for women and created a generous system of paid parental leave shared between a woman and fathers . Mrs. May a woman wore Germany    that read , " This is what a feminist looks like . " In 2005 , Mrs. May    a group called Women2Win to elect more women to Parliament and then nurture them , something that Mrs. Thatcher was often criticized for not doing . " They are both serious people who do n’t grandstand , who do more women play for the gallery , " said Charles Grant , the director of more women    more women for European Reform . But the few times the two women have met privately have been highly scripted affairs with little warmth on display , according to one person who was present at more than one of their meetings . " Theresa May is not good at small talk , " said Ms. Prince , the biographer . " She is not an the two women , smooth person . She is not a natural diplomat . " Ms. Merkel , however , is said to respect Theresa May May , considering her the " " in Theresa May British government , officials close to the chancellor say . For her part , Mrs. May Theresa May expressed admiration for Theresa May German chancellor . " There are still people who do n’t rate her , are a Theresa May dismissive , Theresa May of the way she looks and the chancellor Mrs. May said in a 2012 interview with The Daily Theresa May . " What matters is , what has she actually done Theresa May And when you look at Theresa May in terms of negotiation and steering Germany through a difficult time , then hats off to her . Theresa May The two will soon be on the opposite Theresa May of the negotiations as Brexit talks commence . There is no wish in Berlin to " punish Theresa May Britain for leaving , said Peter Torry , Britain ’s Britain’s Germany Berlin 2007 , Britain still lives in the German capital . Britain Berlin ’s tone has grown more distant as Britain ’s resolve Britain’s has hardened Germany their interests diverge Berlin May has said she Britain turn Britain into a    competitor if no favorable deal is offered Mrs. May European Union by Mrs. May Britain of a    negotiation . But given her promises for the European Union , that proposal is not considered credible or workable by many business and political leaders Mrs. May Europe . Nor is her offer to be a bridge to the new American president . At a Europe conference in Malta after the European Mrs. May summit meeting on Friday , Ms. Merkel was asked whether Germany should lower its corporation the European Union with the reductions signaled by Mrs. May and Mr. Trump . " We have Ms. Merkel system in Germany that is weathering challenges well Mr. Trump Ms. Merkel Germany , suggesting Germany    societies rely on raising a fair amount of tax . One reason for the difference between the two women ’s Germany should lower its corporation tax in line with the reductions signaled by Mrs. May and Mr. Trump Germany Ms. Merkel one is just starting out as head of government , while the other has been in office for over a decade . " May is like Merkel 10 years ago , " Ms. Roll said . Though sometimes accused of lacking a vision for Europe , Ms. Mrs. May is calm and strategic , said Daniela Schwarzer , the director of Angela Merkel German Council on Foreign Europe research institute in Ms. Roll " That ’s obviously helpful Ms. Merkel situation where we risk seeing a lot of provocations coming out of Washington over the next few Berlin , " Ms. Schwarzer at this point . " One leader is consumed by preparing Britain ’s departure from Ms. Merkel Union , and the other with keeping the bloc Ms. Schwarzer . Could they develop a pragmatic relationship Britain the Brexit the European Union ? " It wo n’t be a smooth ride , " Ms. Prince said , " but it certainly has a better chance of succeeding with these two levelheaded women at the top . " 
 Ms. Prince It 