Otto Warmbier , an American student detained in North Korea for committing " hostile acts " has died , Otto Warmbier, an American student detained in North Korea for committing "hostile acts" parents confirmed Tuesday in a statement . Otto Warmbier, an American student detained in North Korea for committing "hostile acts" was 22 . [ Warmbier , who returned to America last Tuesday , having previously been sentenced to 15 years hard labor after stealing    paraphernalia from Otto Warmbier, an American student detained in North Korea for committing "hostile acts" hotel , had lapsed into a coma before Otto Warmbier, an American student detained in North Korea for committing "hostile acts" return . The North Korean government claimed Warmbier had contracted botulism shortly after Otto Warmbier, an American student detained in North Korea for committing "hostile acts" conviction of crimes against the communist state in March 2016 .   Doctors treating Warmbier upon Otto Warmbier, an American student detained in North Korea for committing "hostile acts" return to Ohio stated , however , that Doctors treating Warmbier upon his return to Ohio found no evidence of botulism , instead finding " extensive brain damage . " The North Korean government has not remarked on the discrepancy or provided any explanation for what could have caused Warmbier such brain damage in prison . " It is our sad duty to report that our son , Otto Warmbier , has completed his journey home , " his family wrote in a statement . " his family would like to thank the wonderful professionals at Cincinnati Medical Center who did everything they could for Otto . Unfortunately , the awful torturous treatment Otto received at the hands of the North Koreans ensured no other outcome was possible beyond the sad one we experienced today . " Otto Warmbier ,     US student detained in North Korea , dies after returning home in coma pic . twitter .    —    Jason Calabretta ( @JasonCalabretta ) June 19 , 2017 ,   According to the Warmbier family , Otto was " unable to speak , unable to see and unable to react to verbal commands . " Warmbier had gone to North North Korea early 2016 on an adventure tour of the rogue state , under the auspices of the    Young Pioneer Tours , which preys on the curiosity of young westerners by offering " Budget tours to destinations your mother wants you to stay away from ! " Warmbier was Warmbier during his visit Warmbier allegedly having attempted to steal a communist propaganda sign and forced to confess to the " serious crime " on North Korean television in February 2016 . Warmbier pleaded Warmbier to taking down a political sign from a    area of his hotel Warmbier " I have made the worst mistake of my life , but please act to save me , " he said Warmbier the time . Under duress , Warmbier accused Warmbier United States of bribing him to Warmbier the sign a political sign it " the a political sign mistake of my life . my life In an appearance carefully choreographed by North Korean authorities , Warmbier said Warmbier although his crime Warmbier " very severe and " he was Warmbier for the regime ’s " humanitarian treatment of severe criminals . " Warmbier was Warmbier to 15 years hard labor for his " Warmbier . " North Korea continues to imprison three other U. S. citizens : academics Kim    and Tony Kim , and businessman Kim   . Update : President Donald Trump has released a statement on Warmbier ’s Warmbier Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the Melania and I of Otto Warmbier on Warmbier passing . Warmbier is nothing more tragic for a parent than to lose a child in the prime of life . Our thoughts and prayers are with Melania and I ’s family and friends , and all who loved him . Otto ’s fate deepens Otto’s Administration Otto’s to prevent such tragedies from befalling innocent people at the hands of regimes that do not respect the rule of law or basic human decency . The United States once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim . 
 The United States 