   Donald J. Trump arrived at 1 World Trade Center a little before 10 a. m. on Friday to face some of   Donald J. Trump harshest critics in New York : top editors and digital directors of Condé Nast ’s stable of magazines , among top editors and digital directors of Condé Nast Vanity Fair , The New Yorker and Vogue . According to a tweet by   Donald J. Trump , he   Donald J. Trump been invited by Anna Wintour , Condé Nast Condé Nast artistic director and the editor of Vogue Vogue Also in attendance were Graydon Carter , the editor of Vanity Fair , who has sparred with Mr.   Donald J. Trump his days   Donald J. Trump an editor at Spy magazine in the 1980s , and David Remnick , the editor of The New Yorker , who is an expert on Russia . They have The New Yorker, who is an expert on Russia among Mr. Trump   Donald J. Trump vocal detractors , along with the writers at Teen Vogue . The meeting , held in a conference room on the 42nd floor with a view of New Jersey , lasted barely an hour . In answering questions from editors , Mr. Trump addressed   Donald J. Trump , climate change , relations with Russia , women ’s issues and abortion rights . Mr. Trump mostly reiterated   Donald J. Trump policies he has discussed publicly for   Donald J. Trump , according to two people who were apprised of the meeting but spoke on condition of anonymity because they had not been authorized anonymity talk . When asked about health care , for instance , he told the group that   Donald J. Trump did not want to   Donald J. Trump rid of the Affordable Care Act until he had another plan in   Donald J. Trump , one of the people said . Several editors contacted declined to discuss the meeting , which was off the record . " Not my preference , " Mr. Carter wrote in an email . " But I will abide by that . " A Condé Nast spokesman declined Ms. Wintour Wintour visited Mr. Trump at Trump Tower in    after she had criticized the Trump Foundation and suggested Ms. Wintour Mr. Trump and his family would personally profit from his time Mr. Trump the White House . Ms. Mr. Trump , a supporter of Hillary Clinton , later apologized for the comments . Mr. Trump was photographed entering Condé Nast ’s Mr. Trump Michael Flynn , his choice to be national security adviser . Hope Mr. Trump , a spokeswoman for Mr. Trump , and Kellyanne Conway , his incoming Mr. Trump were also there . Hilary Rosen Mr. Trump a political strategist for SKD Knickerbocker in Washington , said all of Condé Nast ’s brands have had a relationship with presidential families Nast’s years . " It is a rich opportunity for content , " she said . Michelle Obama has been on the cover of Ms. Rosen , for example . At the same , Ms. Rosen added , " It ’s not like their progressive agenda is going to have an impact on Trump . " Ms. Rosen , who had close ties to the Clinton campaign , characterized Mr. Trump ’s meetings with media outlets as " nothing more Trump by his team ’s part to take the horns off . " In a Trump interview on Friday night , Ms. Conway declined to discuss the substance of the meeting , but said it was an opportunity for Mr. Trump to " connect with the media . " She added that Trump consideration was given to image . " In December Ms. Conway Mr. Trump criticized Vanity Fair on Twitter after the magazine gave the restaurant in Trump a bad review . Subscription sales have soared in the wake of Mr. Trump ’s criticism , the magazine said . And Vanity Fair printed his tweet Trump cover . 
 Trump the magazine 