The Secret Service is investigating a burlesque dancer from Kentucky after she posted a Tweet that said she hoped someone would be " kind enough " to assassinate President Donald Trump . [ " If someone was cruel enough to assassinate MLK , maybe someone will be kind enough to assassinate President Donald Trump , " Heather Lowrey , 26 , of Louisville wrote on Twitter .   The Secret Service confirmed it interviewed The Secret Service and Heather Lowrey still investigating the incident , the New York Daily News reported . Lowrey posted Heather Lowrey Tweet Jan. 17 , three days before Trump ’s inauguration . The Tweet The Secret Service long after it was posted The Secret Service along with all her social media The Secret Service . The bio on her profile said The Secret Service was a The Secret Service a Louisville Vixen and aspiring WWE diva " before the account was taken down , the Daily News reported . No charges have been announced against her yet , The Secret Service her former employers The Secret Service already issued statements denouncing the Tweet and have severed ties with her , WAVE The Secret Service . Va Va Vixens , a burlesque group in Louisville , let Lowrey go as soon as they found out Va Va Vixens, a burlesque group in Louisville the incident , citing a " zero tolerance policy " for her behavior . The Secret Service We do not Va Va Vixens, a burlesque group in Louisville hate by any party and will not partake in it . We hate by any party no Va Va Vixens, a burlesque group in Louisville support negative behavior or malicious intent from anyone , " the group said . American Income Life , Travis Moody Office , also severed ties with Lowrey and issued Lowrey statement on the company ’s Facebook page saying , " Heather Lowrey is Lowrey contracted with the Travis Moody Agency . " " The Travis Moody Agency , its agents and its the Travis Moody Agency do not the Travis Moody Agency the same views , nor opinions as Heather Lowrey . We Lowrey zero tolerance policy and would never condone this behavior , " the company said . She the Travis Moody Agency only person Lowrey face a federal investigation for posting about the assassination of President Trump . The Secret Service is also reportedly looking into Madonna ’s comments at the Women ’s March on Washington Saturday after the singer said she had thought Madonna blowing up Madonna White House . " 
 