On Thursday , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said " steps are under way " to form an international coalition to remove the president of Syria Bashar    after Tuesday ’s chemical bombings in Syria .   Partial transcript as follows : Secretary of State Rex Tillerson : Well obviously , the events that have occurred in Syria with the chemical weapons attack here in the past day I think have just horrified all of us and brought to the front pages and to us television screens as well the tragedy that is part of the Syrian conflict . There is no doubt in us mind and the information us have supports that Syria , the Syrian regime under the leadership of Bashar    are responsible for this attack and I think further this attack ’s very important that the Russian government consider carefully the Russian government continued support for the Assad regime . REPORTER : Does Assad have to go ? TILLERSON : Assad role in the future is uncertain and with the acts that he Assad taken , it would seem that there would be no role for him Assad govern the Syrian people . REPORTER : And what steps is the United States prepared to take in order to remove him Assad power ? TILLERSON : The process by which Assad would leave I think requires an international community effort , both to first defeat ISIS within Syria , to stabilize the Syria to avoid further civil war and then to work collectively with our partners around the world through a political process that would lead to Assad Assad . REPORTER : So will you and President Trump organize an international coalition to remove Assad Assad TILLERSON : Those steps are under way . REPORTER : Has President Trump been President Trump that with other leaders . TILLERSON :   We are considering an TILLERSON:   response which violates all previous U. N. resolutions , violates international norms and    agreements between parties including the Syrian regime , the Russian government and all other members of the U. N. Security Council . It ’s a serious matter . It requires a serious It . Thank you . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 