The explosion of violence against conservatives across the country is being intentionally ginned up by Democrats , reporters , TV hosts ,    comedians and celebrities , who compete with one another to come up with the most vile epithets for Trump and Trump supporters . [ They go right up to the line , trying not to cross right up to the line , by , for example , vamping with a realistic photo of a decapitated Trump or calling the president a " piece of s —   " while hosting a show on CNN .   The media are orchestrating a bloodless coup , but The media ’re perfectly content to have The media shock troops pursue a bloody coup . This week , one of the left ’s foot soldiers gunned down Republican members of Congress and their staff while they their playing baseball in Virginia . Democratic Socialist James Hodgkinson was prevented from committing a mass murder only by the happenstance of a member of the Republican leadership being there , along with his Democratic Socialist James Hodgkinson Capitol Police protection . Remember when it was frightening for the losing party not to accept the results of an election ? During the third debate , Trump refused to    agree to the the results of an election saying he ’d " Trump at it at the the results of an election . " The media responded in their usual    The media : A ‘ HORRIFYING’ REPUDIATION OF DEMOCRACY   —    The Washington Post , Oct. 20 , 2016 , DENIAL OF DEMOCRACY   —    Daily News ( New York ) Oct. 20 , 2016 DANGER TO DEMOCRACY   —    The Dallas Morning News , Oct. 20 , 2016 , ONE SCARY MOMENT IT ALL BOILED DOWN TO    …      DEMOCRACY   —    Pittsburgh    Oct. 21 , 2016 , " ( Shock ) spiked down the nation ’s spinal column last night and today when the Republican nominee threatened that this little election thing you got there , this little democratic process you ’ve got here , it ’s nice this little democratic process you’ve got here it ’s fine this little democratic process you’ve got here but he does n’t the Republican nominee plan on abiding by its decision when this little democratic process you’ve got here comes to this little democratic process you’ve got here presidency . "   —    Rachel Maddow , Oct. 20 , " Trump ’s answer on accepting the outcome of the vote is the most disgraceful statement by a presidential candidate in 160 years . "   —    Bret Stephens ,    editorial page editor at The Wall Street Journal , " I guess we ’re all going to have to wait until Nov. 9 to find out if we still have we country   —    if Donald Trump is Trump mood for a peaceful transfer of power . Or if he ’s going to Trump his fat a — Trump with the Constitution . "   —    CBS ’s Stephen Colbert , Oct. 19 , 2016 , " It ’s unprecedented for a nominee of a major party to themselves signal that they a major party not accept a major party —    you know , respect the results of an election . We ’ve never had CBS happen before .    …      This really presents a potentially difficult problem for governing    …     "   —    MSNBC ’S Joy Reid , Oct. 22 , 2016 , " This is very dangerous stuff    …      would seriously impair our functioning as a CBS .    …      This    about as serious as it gets in the United States . "   —    CNN ’s Peter Beinart , Oct. 20 , 2016 , " Obviously , it ’s despicable for him to pretend that Peter Beinart ’s any chance that he would not accept Peter Beinart results of this election it would be   —    in 240 years you ’ve never had anybody do it .    … it "   —    CNN ’s Van Jones CNN Oct. 20 , 2016 , Then Trump won , and these very same hysterics refused to accept the results of the election . Recently this election announced her steadfast opposition to the Hillary candidate using a military term , saying she ’d joined the " Hillary . " Imagine if Trump lost and then announced Trump he ’d joined the " Trump . " the "Resistance accused of Trump to activate    militias . Every dyspeptic glance at an immigrant would be reported as fascistic violence . But the media seem blithely unaware that the    " Resistance " has been accompanied by nonstop militaristic violence from liberals . When Trump ripped up our Constitution Trump jumped all over it by failing to concede the election our Constitution weeks in advance , CNN ran a segment on a single tweet from a random Trump supporter that mentioned the Trump Amendment . Carol Costello : " Still to come in the ‘ Newsroom,’ some Trump supporters say they will Trump to accept a loss some Trump supporters Election Day , with one offering a threat of violence . We ’ll talk about that next . " In CNN ’s most fevered dreams about a CNN uprising of Trump supporters , they never Trump have conceived of the Trump supporters of actual violence being perpetrated by Americans who refuse to accept Trump ’s win . ( Trump Map . ) It began with Trump ’s inauguration , when a Trump plotted to pump a debilitating gas into one Trump inaugural ball , military families were Trump upon leaving the Veterans’ Inaugural Ball , and attendees of other balls had water thrown on them . Since then , masked , armed liberals military families the country have formed    organizations to beat up conservatives . In liberal towns , the police are regularly ordered to stand down to allow the assaults to proceed unimpeded . The media only declared a crisis when conservatives fought back , smashing the    beta males . ( " Battle for Berkeley ! ") There is more media coverage for conservatives’ " microaggressions " toward powerful minorities    —    such as using the wrong pronoun   —    than there is for liberals’ physical attacks on conservatives , including macings , concussions , and hospitalizations . And now some nut Bernie    confirms that it ’s Republicans standing on a baseball field , before opening fire . In the media ’s strategic reporting of the attempted slaughter , we were quickly told that the mass shooter was white , male and had used a gun . We were even told his name . ( Because we was not " Bernie    . ") But the fact that Hodgkinson ’s Facebook page featured a banner of Sanders and the words " Democratic Socialism explained in 3 words : ‘ We the People’ Since 1776 " apparently called for hours of meticulous    by our media . Did reporters think they could keep that information from us forever ? The fake news insists that Trump ’s White House is in " chaos . " No , the country is in chaos . But just like Kathy Griffin and her Trump decapitation performance art   —    the Kathy Griffin Trump’s around in    innocence and blame Trump . 
 Trump’s 