For months , the mainstream media played a game of " Jenga journalism , " building a tower of accusations against Donald Trump , using flimsy , speculative claims of Russian collusion . [ None of the different pieces of the conspiracy theory could hold up on None of the different pieces of the conspiracy theory own , but journalists   —    and the Hillary Clinton campaign   —    treated the pile of Russia innuendo like a real monument . But then Donald Trump made the move that forced them to tug at the foundations of them own illusion , and Donald Trump crashed .   @joelpollak comes up with amazing new meme in @chucktodd interview # JengaJournalism https :   .    —    TundraTabloids ( @TundraTabloids ) March 17 , 2017 ,    In the past several days , former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and former Acting Director of the Central Intelligence Agency Mike Morell have former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and former Acting Director of the Central Intelligence Agency Mike Morell stated publicly that there is no evidence that the Trump campaign cooperated with Russia . But former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and former Acting Director of the Central Intelligence Agency Mike Morell held former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and former Acting Director of the Central Intelligence Agency Mike Morell tongues for months as the false accusations mounted against Trump . It was only after the president tweeted that former President Barack Obama had wiretapped the president that former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and former Acting Director of the Central Intelligence Agency Mike Morell found the courage to tell the truth . Trump based Trump claim on the mainstream media ’s own reporting   —    a point made by conservative talk radio host Mark Levin and then later at Breitbart News . The New York Times , the BBC , and others had reported that the Obama administration had carried out surveillance on people close to Trump . Furthermore , The New York Times reported that the the Obama administration the rules of the National Security Agency to disseminate the results of that surveillance , some of which was evidently leaked . The media latched onto Trump ’s claim Trump Obama tapped his Obama phones , " as if that proved Trump was lying . Trump no one could dispute any of the core elements of Trump ’s claims   Trump until this past Thursday , when the Senate Intelligence Committee issued a short bipartisan statement : " Based on the information available to us , we see no indications that us Tower was the subject of surveillance by any element of the United States government either before or after Election Day 2016 . " The committee ’s statement was the Senate Intelligence Committee the media as a definitive conclusion   —    though the investigation is ongoing . But if true , the only part of the story that has been debunked concerns surveillance of Trump Tower itself , a claim Trump Tower by the Heat Street website . It does not mean the warrant that Heat Street reported   —    and which the BBC reported as well   —    was never sought . That warrant , reportedly rejected by a FISA court , amended , and then approved , concerned a computer server . The New York Times also reported in October that the FBI had been investigating that server for " a possible secret channel of email communication from the Trump Organization to a Russian bank . " ( The FBI found no evidence of any the FBI or direct link , " which did not stop Democrats and the media from claiming there was one . ) All the Senate committee did this week was confirm what Clapper had already said   —    that there had been no warrant for surveillance of Trump Tower itself . So no Trump the basic case still stands : there was surveillance of the Trump campaign , the results were shared widely within the government , and the intelligence made its way   —    often illegally   —    to the the results media . The people leaking the intelligence are happy to defend what they are doing , through the intelligence former CIA agent and presidential candidate The people leaking the intelligence McMullin , who told CNN the leakers were stopping " a security threat coming from the White House . " Yet the mainstream media are behaving as if Trump ’s tweets about having his the mainstream media " are a very serious lie that undermines his entire administration Trump Having congratulated each other for exposing Trump on an entirely trivial Trump , journalists are now using Trump ’s tweets to Trump other Republicans , like UN Ambassador Nikki Haley . ( Trump Obama Cabinet members had to face such questions about their " credibility " after he was caught spying on foreign leaders ? ) Moreover , How many Obama Cabinet members skewering Trump for claims about " wiretapping " and " phones , " the media are holding Trump a standard of literalism they would never apply to themselves . For example , mainstream Trump headlines screamed for months about the media " love affair " the media Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin : " The curious    love affair " ( CBS ) Trump Trump and Putin : A Love Story " ( New Yorker ) . But it turns out Trump is Russian President Vladimir Putin evidence Trump had sexual intercourse with Putin . Liars ! Nervous Republicans like Rick Santorum fret that Trump Trump " hurting himself " Russian President Vladimir Putin his tweets . On the contrary : not only has Trump exposed the media Trump double standards Trump but he is also forcing them to impeach their Trump evidence . After all , if there was Trump surveillance of the the media’s campaign , the media’s there was no Russian collusion , and the media are simply " fake Trump " partisans . By tweeting about Obama , Trump moved the last weak Jenga block . Now the tower is wobbling . Your move , Trump . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . Joel B. Pollak new book , How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available Joel B. Pollak Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 