WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    Emerging from the Senate chambers on Wednesday , Vice President Mike Pence said President Donald Trump " made the right decision at the right time " with Tuesday ’s announcement that President Donald Trump " has fired FBI Director James Comey . [ " The administration is very confident that with the appointment of a new director of FBI , [ and ] because of the president ’s strong leadership , we ’ll be able to give the nation ’s leading law enforcement agency a fresh start , " Pence told a handful of reporters in the the nation’s . " And because of the the president’s decisive action yesterday to restore confidence and trust of the American people , we have an opportunity for a new beginning at the FBI . "   Later , and to a different group of reporters , the vice the president’s decision was " based solely and exclusively on the best interest of the American people " and " the American people in the FBI . " Director Comey had lost the FBI of the American people , " Pence said . the American people time for a fresh start at the FBI . " He added that President Trump " will the FBI time necessary " Director Comey find the appropriate individual to lead the FBI . According to the White House Press Pool , President the FBI Comey " was not doing a good job . Very President Trump He was not doing a good job . " Asked if Comey ’s firing Comey his meetings with Russians today , Trump relied , " Comey all . " Comey Trump reportedly acted on President Trump recommendation of Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy President Trump Rod Rosenstein in his decision to fire Comey . Breitbart News reported that Rosenstein drafted a memorandum to President Trump on Tuesday where he Comey President Trump reputation and credibility of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein FBI had " suffered substantial damage " over Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein last year . He cited Comey ’s handling of the investigation into former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton ’s Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein email Comey as a " textbook example of what federal prosecutors and agents are taught not to do . " Also on Wednesday , Pence shot down suggestions that Trump ’s firing of Comey was related to an ongoing investigation into alleged collusion between Trump ’s campaign and the Comey during last year ’s presidential election . " That is Trump this is about , " the vice president told a pool of reporters at the Capitol . Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter .  
 