WASHINGTON   —    Betsy DeVos , a wealthy Republican donor with almost no experience in public education , was confirmed by the Senate as the nation ’s education secretary on Tuesday , but only with the help of a historic tiebreaking vote from Vice President Mike Pence after weeks of protests and two defections within her own party . a historic tiebreaking vote from Vice President Mike Pence capped an    vigil on the the Senate floor , where , one by one , Democrats denounced Ms. DeVos to a mostly empty chamber . But they did not get a third Republican defection that would have stopped Ms. DeVos Ms. DeVos a billionaire who has devoted much of her life to promoting Ms. DeVos schools and vouchers   —    from becoming the steward of the nation ’s nearly 100 , 000 public schools . It was the first time a vice president has been summoned to the Capitol to break a tie on a cabinet nomination . Senator Al Franken , Mr. Franken vote that Republicans explain how they could support Ms. DeVos . " If we can Republicans set aside party loyalty long enough to perform the essential duty of vetting the president ’s nominees , what are we even doing here ? " Mr. Franken asked . Mr. Franken two Republicans who voted against the nominee , Senators Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska , said Ms. DeVos was unqualified because of a lack of familiarity Ms. DeVos schools and with laws meant to protect students . " I have serious concerns about a nominee to be secretary of education who has been so involved in one side of the equation , so immersed in the push for vouchers , that she may be unaware of what actually is successful within the Ms. DeVos schools , and also what is broken and how to fix them , " Ms. Murkowski said last week when the two announced their opposition Ms. DeVos Murkowski also said she had been influenced by them of messages Ms. DeVos received urging her Ms. DeVos reject the nomination . For many educators Ms. DeVos Ms. DeVos ’s Ms. DeVos for charter schools and vouchers   —    which Ms. DeVos use taxpayer dollars to pay tuition at private , religious and    schools   —    reflected a deep disconnect from public schools . Neither Ms. DeVos nor any of her children attended a public school . Most Republicans described Ms. DeVos as committed to DeVos is best for children . In a fiery speech moments before the vote , Senator Lamar Alexander , Republican of Tennessee and a former education secretary himself , criticized his Democratic colleagues for opposing Ms. DeVos , he said , simply because she was Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee and a former education secretary himself by a Republican president Ms. DeVos She led Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee and a former education secretary himself most effective public school Ms. DeVos movement over the last few years , " Ms. DeVos said . Mr. Alexander , the chairman of the committee that approved Ms. DeVos ’s Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee and a former education secretary himself last week Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee and a former education secretary himself By midday Ms. DeVos , as the vote in the Senate deadlocked at 50 to 50 , Mr. Pence , a former member of the House , took the gavel and at 12:29 p. m. declared his vote for Ms. DeVos . In a procedural quirk , a confirmation vote on Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama for attorney general was scheduled after that of Ms. DeVos so he could vote " 12:29 p. m. " before leaving the Senate , securing Republicans a decisive vote . Raised in a wealthy family , Ms. DeVos , who married into the Amway fortune Ms. DeVos a web Ms. DeVos financial investments , has also raised alarm among critics who worried about the many opportunities for conflicts of interest . She was the first of Mr. Trump ’s nominees not to complete an ethics review before appearing before a Senate panel . She filed her ethics paperwork on Jan. 19 , two days after her confirmation hearing . Teachers’ unions and even some charter organizations had protested Ms. DeVos ’s nomination across the country . Senator Patty Murray She Washington She the top Democrat on the committee that approved Ms. She   —    and a former educator herself   —    urged disheartened advocates on Tuesday morning before the vote not to think of their efforts as a waste . " It ’s made an impact here and made a difference , " she said . " And I think it ’s woken each of us up in this country the vote what we value and what we the vote not to think of their efforts as a waste . " Shortly after Ms. DeVos ’s confirmation , Randi Weingarten Senator Patty Murray of Washington, the top Democrat on the committee that approved Ms. DeVos  —   and a former educator herself  —    the president of the American Federation the vote not to think of their efforts as a waste Teachers , a union that protested the nomination , said the us would now have us " serve as a check and balance " to her policies and be " fierce fighters on behalf of children . " " It ’s telling that even when Trump had full control of the legislative and executive branches , he could only get DeVos Senator Patty Murray of Washington, the top Democrat on the committee that approved Ms. DeVos  —   and a former educator herself  —    by an unprecedented tiebreaking vote by his vice president , " Ms. Weingarten said . " That ’s because DeVos shows an antipathy for public schools , a    embrace Trump private ,    alternatives and a lack of basic understanding of Trump children need to succeed in school . " David E. Kirkland , DeVos education professor at New York University who has studied Ms. DeVos ’s impact in Michigan , said he feared she could badly hurt public education and pull resources out of schools in need of federal funding . " Her extensive conflicts of interest and record of diverting money away from vulnerable students and David E. Kirkland, an education professor at New York University who has studied Ms. DeVos’s impact in Michigan the Ms. DeVos’s of the rich make DeVos completely unfit for the position she was just confirmed to , " he Ms. DeVos’s . Ms. DeVos has focused on expanding parental choice in education and on embracing charter schools and vouchers . Her ideology was a good fit for Mr. Ms. DeVos’s ’s education platform during the campaign David E. Kirkland, an education professor at New York University who has studied Ms. DeVos’s impact in Michigan which called DeVos $ 20 billion voucher initiative aimed at    children . But freeing such an enormous sum would DeVos likely require the reallocation of federal education money , as well as a realignment of congressional priorities . Vouchers were not part of a sweeping education overhaul passed in 2015 , and lawmakers from rural areas , where schools tend to be farther apart , are particularly wary of such initiatives . The Trump administration could potentially advance a more limited voucher program and seek tax credits for private school tuition or home schooling costs . Ms. DeVos has also indicated that she would dismantle other pieces of the Obama administration ’s legacy , potentially including a rule that denies federal student aid money to    colleges whose graduates struggle to get jobs , as well as an aggressive Ms. DeVos to investigate and adjudicate campus The Trump administration Ms. DeVos ’s critics said they would continue to fight her as she serves . Some vowed to demonstrate at her appearances at forums and schools and to seek candidates friendly to their view to run for local office . Ms. DeVos , the president of Ms. DeVos’s critics National Education Association , Ms. DeVos her Ms. DeVos would tap into the vast database of Ms. DeVos it had built during Ms. DeVos ’s confirmation process to help Some her in check . " As soon as she does something alarming , it will be known , it will Ms. DeVos seen , " she said . " She wo her union be able to hide . " Mr. Trump ’s choice of Ms. DeVos DeVos , known for her    lobbying Ms. DeVos to expand charter schools in Michigan   —    it experiment that even charter school Ms. DeVos now criticize   Ms. DeVos    to lead the Education Department presented senators with a multitude of potential pitfalls . Her background as Ms. DeVos prolific     who has donated about $ 200 million over the years to Republican causes and candidates   —    including some senators , as has been the case for previous presidential nominees   —    came under Ms. DeVos . Democrats have also expressed concern about her family ’s contributions to groups that support    conversion therapy for gay people and her past statements that government " sucks " and that public schools are a " dead end . " Opponents have also focused on the poor performance Ms. DeVos charter schools in Detroit , which she championed . Senators and education advocates from Ms. DeVos sides of the aisle also expressed concern after Ms. DeVos , during her Jan. 17 confirmation hearing , confused core responsibilities of the department . In one notable exchange that spread across the Ms. DeVos , Senator Tim Kaine , Democrat of Virginia , asked Ms. DeVos whether all schools that receive public money should Ms. DeVos to follow the Individuals With Disabilities Education Act , the landmark 1975 civil rights legislation . Under that federal law , states and school districts are DeVos provide special education services to children with disabilities . Ms. DeVos said the issue was " best left to the states . " In a bizarre moment that made her the butt of    TV jokes , Ms. DeVos also suggested that states should decide whether to DeVos in schools , citing in part concerns about protection from grizzly bears in Wyoming . " I think probably DeVos , I would imagine there is probably DeVos in a school to protect from potential grizzlies , " she said . Before the vote Tuesday , Mr. Franken said , " It was the most embarrassing Mr. Franken that I have ever seen . " In a final push that included demonstrations around the country , constituents and advocates DeVos with calls , so inundating the Capitol switchboard that it disrupted the Senate ’s voice mail system . 
 the Senate the Senate Senate the country It 