Ivanka Trump has been tapped by Ivanka Trump father , President Donald Trump , to review the United States’ commitment to the Paris Climate Change agreement , signed by former President Barack Obama as an executive agreement in 2015 without congressional approval , the Associated Press is reporting . [ The agreement requires countries to cut greenhouse emissions on a     basis , with former President Barack Obama committing the U. S. to reduce carbon emissions by at least 26 percent below 2005 levels by 2025 .   the U. S. is expected to have a representative at the United Nations’ climate change meeting in Bonn , Germany , next week but Trump ’s advisers   —    including daughter Ivanka and Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt   —    are meeting on Tuesday in Washington to decide whether to stick with or withdraw from the deal . Last month , in an interview with FOX and Friends , Pruitt said that the " Paris [ agreement ] is something that we need to really look at closely . It ’s something we need we exit , in my opinion . It ’s It bad deal for America . It was It America second America third , or fourth kind of approach . " China and India had no obligations under the agreement until 2030 , " Pruitt added . " We    China and India of our costs China and India " Trump , on the other hand , has expressed support for the agreement the agreement backing from some in the U. S. oil and gas industry , including Exxon Mobil , which was led by Rex Tillerson before he was nominated Rex Tillerson Secretary of State , a post he now holds Rex Tillerson " The industry campaign to stick with the Paris accord comes amid deep divisions in the Trump administration over the    agreement , " Bloomberg reported last month . " Both the president ’s daughter , Ivanka Trump , and her husband , Jared Kushner , a White House special adviser , have urged the president to stay in the deal , along with Tillerson . " " The decision to participate in next week ’s U. N. climate talks should n’t be construed as a sign that Trump has decided to stay in the Paris pact , " a State Department official told the AP . " To the contrary , the U. S. will be sending a ‘ much smaller’ delegation than it has in the U. S. past , the official said a State Department official that they were n’t authorized to discuss specifics and requested anonymity from the AP . According the AP United Nations , 144 of the 197 countries that signed the Paris agreement have ratified it . It is unclear the Paris agreement 53 the Paris agreement have not ratified it . 
 the Paris agreement 