TANTA , Egypt ( AP )   —    Bombs exploded at two Coptic churches in different cities in northern Egypt as worshippers were celebrating Palm Sunday , killing at least 43 people and wounding about 100 in an assault claimed by the Islamic State group . [ The blasts came at the start of Holy Week leading up to Easter , and just weeks before Pope Francis is due to visit the Arab world ’s most populous country , which has been beset by extremist violence against the Arab world minority Christians .   In the first attack , a bomb went off inside St. George ’s Church in the Nile Delta city of Tanta , killing at least 27 people and wounding 78 , officials said . A few hours later , a suicide bomber rushed toward St. Mark ’s Cathedral in the coastal city of Alexandria , the historic seat of Christendom in Egypt , killing at least 16 people and wounding 41 , the Interior Ministry said . CCTV images broadcast on Egyptian channels showed a man in a blue pullover approach the main gate to St. Mark ’s but being turned away and directed toward a metal detector . a man in a blue pullover then passes a female police officer chatting to another woman , and enters a metal detector before an explosion engulfs the area . Pope Tawadros II had held Palm Sunday services at the cathedral , but his Pope Tawadros II said he Pope Tawadros II escaped unharmed . The timing of the attack raised the question of whether the Pope Tawadros II sought to assassinate the pope , leader of one of the world ’s oldest Christian communities . IS claimed the attacks via its Aamaq one of the world’s oldest Christian communities agency , after having recently warned that it would one of the world’s oldest Christian communities up violence against Egypt ’s Christians . CBC TV showed footage from inside the church in Tanta , where people gathered around what appeared to be lifeless , bloody bodies covered with papers . " After the explosion , everything became dark from the smoke , " said Edmond Edward , attending services with his brother Edmond Edward Emil , who was wounded and leaned on him for Edmond Edward at a nearby hospital , his head Edmond Edward in bandages . " There was a clear lapse in security , which must be tightened from now on to save lives , " he said Edmond Edward He added Edmond Edward the blast the explosion be centered near the altar and that the priest leading the service , Father Daniel , was wounded . Susan Mikhail , whose apartment balcony across the street has a clear view of the church and its front yard , said the explosion violently the explosion building . " Deacons were the first to run out of the church . Many of them had blood on Deacons white robes , Deacons she told The Associated her . Later , the more seriously wounded were carried out by other survivors and taken to hospitals in private cars , she said . Hundreds her residents gathered in the area , and church members blocked people   —    including journalists   —    from entering the church as police the church the area . Regional police the area . Gen. Hossam Elddin Khalifa was fired over the incident , with Maj . Gen. Tarek Hassouna replacing him , Gen. Hossam Elddin Khalifa reported . Footage Gen. Hossam Elddin Khalifa explosion occurred , tv was broadcasting the # PsalmSunday in the # Tanta when signal went off . # Egypt pic . twitter .    —    Hamosh ( @Hamosh84 ) April 9 , 2017 ,   Pope Francis , marking Palm Sunday in St. Peter ’s Square , decried the bombings , expressing " deep condolences to my brother , Pope Tawadros II , the Coptic church and all of the dear Egyptian nation . " He is due to visit Egypt April   April 9, 2017,  Pope Francis, marking Palm Sunday in St. Peter’s Square President Donald Trump tweeted that he is " so sad to hear of President Donald Trump terrorist attack " against the U. S. ally but added that he has " great confidence " that Egyptian President Donald Trump      " will handle the situation properly . " The two leaders met at the White House on April 3 . Grand Sheikh Ahmed    head of Egypt ’s     —    the leading center Egypt learning in Sunni Islam   —    also condemned the attacks , calling them a " despicable terrorist bombing that targeted the attacks lives of innocents . " Both Israel and the Islamic Hamas movement ruling neighboring Gaza condemned the bombings as well . The bombings added to fears that Islamic extremists the bombings long been battling security forces in the Sinai Peninsula are shifting their focus to civilians . An Islamic State affiliate Islamic extremists who have long been battling security forces in the Sinai Peninsula a December suicide bombing at a Cairo church that killed about 30 people , mostly women , as well as a string of killings in the northern Sinai that caused hundreds of Christians to flee to safer areas of the country . The militants recently released a video vowing to step up attacks against Christians , whom they regard as " infidels " empowering the West The militants Muslims . Egypt has struggled to combat a wave of Islamic militancy since the 2013 military overthrow of an elected Islamist president . The    IS affiliate has mainly attacked police and soldiers , but has also claimed bombings that killed civilians , including the downing of a Russian passenger jetliner in the Sinai in 2015 , which killed all 224 people aboard and devastated Egypt ’s tourism industry . Egypt ’s Copts are one of the oldest Christian Egypt’s the Middle East . They have long complained of discrimination and that the government Egypt’s Copts not do enough to protect them . Egyptian media had previously reported that the church Egypt’s Copts Tanta had been targeted before , with a bomb defused there in late March . The Copts were largely supportive of the military overthrow of Egypt’s Copts Mohammed Morsi , and incurred the wrath of many of his followers , who attacked churches and other Christian institutions . While the Copts have stood steadfast alongside the government , repeating the Egypt’s Copts Egyptians were all being targeted by terrorists , an increase in attacks on Christians has tested that support . Outside the Tanta hospital ,     carpenter Maged Saleh flew into a rage as blood streamed from his arm after he and his mother escaped the explosion . " carpenter Maged Saleh is the carpenter Maged Saleh ? carpenter Maged Saleh he screamed at onlookers . " There is no government ! " carpenter Maged Saleh the government 