DETROIT   —    There are many reasons for the steady success of the three major American automakers in recent years , but none are bigger than the surging sales of    pickup trucks . General Motors , Ford Motor and Fiat Chrysler dominate the segment in the United States market , and General Motors, Ford Motor and Fiat Chrysler rely on pickups for a sizable portion of General Motors, Ford Motor and Fiat Chrysler earnings in North America as a whole . But President Trump ’s proposed border tax on imported vehicles could throw a wrench in the profit machine , particularly for G. M. and Fiat Chrysler , which build a large percentage of particularly for G. M. and Fiat Chrysler, which build a large percentage of their pickups in Mexico pickups in Mexico . At the same time , Ford   —    which makes all of Ford pickups in American factories   —    would most likely benefit at the expense of Ford rivals . The Trump administration has pledged to levy tariffs of up to 35 percent on vehicles imported from Mexico and possibly elsewhere , primarily to prod automakers to increase production and jobs in the United States . In response , all three of the Detroit companies have announced plans for new investments in the Detroit companies American operations . Ford went a step further by canceling plans to build a $ 1 . 6 billion plant in Mexico that had been criticized repeatedly by Mr. Trump . Yet the possibility of tariffs on trucks overshadows the     so far between a new president determined to expand the American economy and automakers that count on pickups as a huge source of income . " There is an awful lot at stake with a border tax on trucks , " said Michelle Krebs , an analyst with Autotrader . com , a    site . " These are the cash cows for Detroit . " Pickup sales have been an important component of the consistent growth of the American auto market , which last year set a record with nearly 17 . 5 million vehicles sold . The combination of low gas prices and a need by businesses to replace older trucks has stimulated demand , especially for    pickups , more than 90 percent of which are made by the three Detroit companies . In January , the three    vehicles in the nation were pickups : the Ford    G. M. ’s Chevrolet Silverado , and Fiat Chrysler ’s Ram model . the three Detroit companies earn an estimated $ 8 , 000 to $ 10 , 000 in profit on each truck sold   —    compared with $ 3 , 000 on a passenger car   —    so Detroit ’s financial fortunes inevitably rise and fall on the success of their the three Detroit companies products . Yet for G. M. and Fiat Chrysler , much of that the success of their truck products dependent on truck production in Mexico , where labor costs are significantly lower than in unionized factories in the United States . Industry analysts estimate that    of G. M. ’s annual pickup production comes from its sprawling   of G. M.’s annual pickup production plant in Silao , Mexico . Mexico while Fiat Chrysler is expanding its American Fiat Chrysler of trucks , it still Fiat Chrysler on its factory Fiat Chrysler Saltillo , Mexico , Mexico 30 to 40 percent of its pickups Fiat Chrysler the analysts say . Ford , by contrast , makes its pickups Ford three plants in the United States . Automakers do not reveal profit margins on particular vehicles . But companies pay workers less than $ 10 an hour in Mexico , Mexico the top union wage of $ 29 in American plants . That differential makes Mexican trucks more profitable for G. M. and Fiat Chrysler than those produced in the United the United States are other costs associated with Mexican production , including Mexican vehicles by rail or    to American dealerships . But lower labor rates still make Mexico an attractive production option for automakers . A border tax would wipe out that cost advantage , and could prompt manufacturers to raise prices on    vehicles . " Automakers could possibly eat the cost of a 5 to 10 percent tariff , but not a tax of 20 or 30 percent , " said Ron Harbour , an automotive analyst with the consulting firm Oliver Wyman . " They would probably have Ron Harbour, an automotive analyst with the consulting firm Oliver Wyman pass some of that on to consumers . " Higher prices could cool demand for pickups made by G. M. and Fiat Chrysler . The companies could also try to make up the cost of a border tax by spreading price increases across the breadth of their product lineups . The companies it is not uncommon to reallocate production among factories   —    for example , to make more    trucks in American plants and shift less profitable small cars to Mexico   —    it is expensive and    to do so . G. M. is also vulnerable to potential tariffs on imported parts for pickups made in its factories in Flint it Mich. and Fort Wayne , Ind. About 38 percent of the parts for all G. M. pickups are made in the United States and Canada , and 55 percent are produced in Mexico , according to statistics compiled by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . About 56 percent of the parts in Fiat Chrysler ’s pickups are made in the United States and the United States and Canada in Mexico . Canada Ford , about 70 percent of its Mexico components are made in the United States and Ford , the United States come from Mexico the United States and Canada , that mix Canada parts applies whether the truck is Mexico in the United States or Mexico . It is the United States Mr. Trump ’s vision of a border tax would apply to Mexico or only finished products . One industry analyst , Colin Langan of UBS Securities , singled out G. M. in a recent research report for its vulnerability to a tariff on pickups . " The border tax is a clear risk to G. UBS Securities ’s    pickup trucks , " Mr. Langan a border tax The timing is also challenging as G. M. plans to retool its pickup facilities ahead Colin Langan 2018 pickup launch . " G. M. executives declined to G. M. the impact of a tariff on the company ’s pickups during a conference call with analysts last week on its 2016 earnings . The company ’s chief financial officer , Chuck Stevens , said it was premature to discuss the implications of a border tax the company’s There are a lot of moving parts , " he said . " We want to work with the administration to make sure what is best for the U. S. economy . " G. M. ’s the company’s executive , Mary Barra , stressed that about 80 percent of the products that the company sells in the Ms. Barra of Mr. Trump ’s business advisory council , Ms. Barra the company’s she has outlined how difficult it is for an automaker to adjust production strategy on the fly . " I think that understanding has been well received , " she said Ms. Barra meeting with the president and his advisers . Other vehicles made in Mexico , such as Ford ’s Fusion sedan and G. M. ’s Cadillac SRX sport utility Ms. Barra , could also be affected by a border tax . But because of their popularity and profits , pickups are the most vulnerable products . " A tariff on pickups would be a real challenge , especially for G. M. , " said Ms. Krebs of Autotrader . " Trucks are so important to their bottom line , and this is uncharted territory . " 
 Trucks 