Tuesday on ABC ’s " The View , "    Whoopi Goldberg wondered if   the " values " of Trump administration are " really much different than the Taliban ’s ? "   Whoopi Goldberg said , " We also keep hearing about terrorists hating our American values . We had this conversation yesterday . So let me ask you now —    now , We have had a leader who ’s repeatedly demeaned women , wants to defund organizations that benefit woman , calling on the media to shut up , specifically wants to give preferential treatment based on religion , are these values really much different than the Taliban ’s ? " When asked if she was talking about Trump ’s values , Goldberg continued , " Well no , the values that we are listening to . One of the things that you read yesterday was the piece of the   …     the language in the ban , which was about if you disrespect women . So yesterday I was thinking about this . All of these things that I have been hearing , have our values changed ? What ’s happened ? Are we our fighting   —    She continued , " I feel like , listen , if you ’re saying to the media shut up   —    that ’s what they the media . Maybe they the media n’t start out chopping people ’s heads off , maybe they the media out differently . I ’m asking . It , it It like it It tricky . Because we ’re saying to people , here are our American values , and then we we saying on the same token stuff that sounds exactly like the stuff we we fighting . " She concluded , " That brings me back to this question , it this question me back to the this question So the question this question when you put some of these things side by side —   what kind of religion you ’re supposed to have , you ’re supposed to have one religion   …     When he says there ’s preferential treatment for Christians , forgetting the other religions out there   …     You know here ’s the thing , we have a Constitution that says these are the things that we do n’t we . This is what makes us different from we else . Our media , we tells our media to Our media and just take it . Nobody . That ’s not American . That is the Taliban   …     My question is , what ’s happening ? " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 