The mainstream media are celebrating the ouster of Bill O’Reilly from Fox News , with CNN offering virtually     coverage . But The mainstream media are overstating his political importance . MSNBC ’s Chuck Todd called O’Reilly a " leader " in the conservative movement , which is more wishful thinking than reality . [ In truth , the secret of O’Reilly ’s success was that he was a centrist . he hit the elusive sweet spot that many media outlets covet , but few actually bother to pursue .   Professor Tim Groseclose ( formerly of UCLA , now of George Mason ) who is the best authority on political leanings in the media , used data analysis in Left Turn : How Liberal Media Bias Distorts the American Mind in 2011 to show that not only were most media outlets left of center , but also that public opinion was further left than public opinion would have been were public opinion not for the media ’s effect . On a scale of 0 to 100   —    zero being most conservative , and 100 most liberal   —    the true center of the American public , absent media influence , was around 25 , Groseclose argued . And O’Reilly , on the same objective scale , registered as exactly that : 25 . As excerpted at the time by the Powerline blog , Groseclose wrote :    …      What if we could magically remove the metaphoric glass and see ,     the average American , once his political views are no longer distorted by media bias ? What would we see ? The answer , basically , is Ben Stein .    …      Yes , the actor , author , commentator , and former host of Win Ben Stein ’s Money . More specific , the person whom we ’d see is anyone —   like Ben Stein —   who has a Political Quotient near 25 . The Political Quotient is a device that I construct to measure political views in a precise , objective , and quantitative way . A person ’s PQ indicates the degree to which he PQ liberal . For instance , as I have calculated , the PQs of Barney Frank ( . ) and Nancy Pelosi ( . ) are approximately 100 . Meanwhile the PQs of noted conservatives Michele Bachmann ( . ) and Jim DeMint ( . C. ) are approximately 0 . Two other people whose PQs are approximately 25 are Bill O’Reilly and Dennis Miller . They Two other people whose PQs are approximately 25 significantly more conservative than the average American voter , whose PQ is approximately 50 . But they Two other people whose PQs are approximately 25 significantly more liberal than politicians like Michele Michele Bachmann Jim DeMint . As my results show , if we could magically eliminate media bias , then the average American would think and vote like Stein , Miller , O’Reilly , and others who have a PQ near 25 . Todd acknowledged on Wednesday that O’Reilly was not the most conservative host on Fox News , but that misses the more fundamental fact of O’Reilly ’s O’Reilly . It explains O’Reilly ’s O’Reilly   —    and also explains why he was Todd criticized by conservatives , and often scolded them in conservatives . He was Todd elusive center . Of course , to acknowledge that would be to devalue the media ’s scalp in this case   —    and to admit the media ’s own bias , which they prefer the media ignore . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was Joel B. Pollak one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new Joel B. Pollak , How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Joel B. Pollak at @joelpollak . 
 