Monday on MSNBC ’s " Andrea Mitchell Reports , " the founder and editor at large of The Weekly Standard and " Never Trump " movement figure Bill Kristol said    Donald Trump has " not been thinking as a    for the last two months , " warning Donald Trump tweets are " just popping off . "   Bill Kristol said , " What most startling to Bill Kristol is Bill Kristol ’s president elect of the United States , Bill Kristol ’s going to be sworn in , in four days . Is it wise ? Is it it ? And I ’m not talking even about politics here or a kind of courtesy . Bill Kristol has serious obligations . Should Bill Kristol be denigrating our standing in the world ? That ’s what Bill Kristol ’s doing in this tweet really . NATO , Bill Kristol said NATO NATO obsolete . Bill Kristol may think that . Bill Kristol said it as a candidate . When you ’re president do you want to say the alliance of which you ’re an integral part is obsolete ? Do n’t you say I ’m going to working to change NATO NATO to improve it , meanwhile I ’ll be standing by the treaty obligation . Bill Kristol ’s so far away from behaving the way a president has , the way other presidents have acted . " " They other presidents inherited policies and inherited personnel and disagreed with , " Bill Kristol continued . " The is always pretty transitions rocky as the power gets handed off from one party to another but they other presidents tried to be careful not to damage the NATO they ’re other presidents their own other presidents points . I think that ’s true of President Obama when he was President Obama and President Bush President Obama was    President Obama all the way back . And Trump ’s just , it ’s not even , fine he may make President Obama couple of errors but seems to have no appreciation he should be President Obama this way . I guess that ’s what I find the most unnerving , he ’s not President Obama thinking as a    for the last two months . Hopefully on Friday he starts to President Obama as a president . " He added , President Obama It ’s not very hard , if you put yourself in the mind that I ’m no longer speaking my mind wherever I want , I ’m no longer rallying my base , I ’m no longer shocking people , carefully selected surprises , that ’s one thing but just popping off in this way I mean it really does become damaging , somewhat damaging when you ’re    very damaging I think when you ’re president . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 