Singer Joy Villa ’s album sales spiked significantly after the    ’s    Trump Grammys dress set social media on fire Sunday . [ Singer Joy Villa walked the red carpet wearing a      dress decorated with Trump ’s " Make America Great Again " slogan . Hours after unveiling the gown , digital sales for Singer Joy Villa album , I Make the Static , climbed to the top spot on Amazon ’s list of top 100 digital albums .   The Villa’s album sales also spiked , hitting the number seven spot on the iTunes top albums list , Fox News reports . According to the screenshot she shared , the singer ’s album Villa’s album more    artists like Big Sean and Lady Gaga , the latter of whom performed during Sunday night ’s ceremony . As of 9 a. m. Pacific Time on Monday , Villa ’s album was at the # Villa’s album the iTunes charts , while Lady Gaga ’s The Fame was at # 33 and Beyoncé ’s Album of the    Lemonade was at # 90 . Blown away and overwhelmed by the positive feedback , Villa thanked her " amazing fans and supporters , Villa which Lady Gaga said had left her " speechless . " Lady Gaga I ’m speechless Lady Gaga …     you , my amazing fans and supporters have put me to # 16 on the iTunes Top Albums Charts ! , " the singer wrote on Instagram .   🎶 I ’m speechless   …     you , my amazing ’m and supporters have put me to my amazing fans and supporters Top Albums Charts ! 😯 😱 🎶 # imakethestatic # itunestopalbum the iTunes Top Albums Charts joyvillagrammys # maga # godblessamerica @mwprinc @thorstenovergaard @officialandresoriano @itunes @realdonaldtrump , A photo posted by Joy Villa ( @joyvilla ) on Feb 12 , 2017 at 11:32pm PST ,   Villa said she wanted to make a statement and " go boldly and give no effs . " The A photo posted by Joy Villa (@joyvilla) on Feb 12, 2017 at 11:32pm PST,   ’s message was apparently    though not everyone liked it . From calls for her death to degrading insults , the    " tolerant " left The singer’s message Villa for daring to A photo posted by Joy Villa (@joyvilla) on Feb 12, 2017 at 11:32pm PST,   a political view not in accordance with their own . Last year Villa teenage classical singer Jackie Evancho saw sales of her albums skyrocket following news that she was to perform the National Anthem at Trump ’s inauguration teenage classical singer Jackie Evancho    Follow Jerome Hudson on teenage classical singer Jackie Evancho : @JeromeEHudson 
 