Former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger is reportedly considering a run for U. S. Senate in 2018 , when incumbent Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( ) is said to be considering retirement . [ Several media outlets report that Schwarzenegger , who recently raised Former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger profile with a series of Twitter clashes with President Donald Trump , is thinking of    the political fray after several years’ absence .   Politico ’s Carla Marinucci reports : " The prospect of Schwarzenegger ’s return to elected politics in a 2018 U. S. Senate run   —    possibly as an independent   —    is generating increasing buzz in state Republican circles , fueled by Schwarzenegger ’s seeming ability to get under the skin of President Donald Trump on social media . " Schwarzenegger also Schwarzenegger Trump in President Donald Trump Republican presidential primary , backing Ohio governor John Kasich instead . If elected , Schwarzenegger could Schwarzenegger a significant opposition threat to the Trump administration on issues such as climate change . California ’s controversial     system was introduced under Schwarzenegger ’s Schwarzenegger . However , Schwarzenegger will Schwarzenegger to confront his own Schwarzenegger record along the way . Though he was Schwarzenegger to a second term in 2006 , Schwarzenegger is Schwarzenegger remembered for leaving the state in a fiscal mess after abandoning the reform agenda that brought him to Schwarzenegger in the first place . The East Bay Times recalls : The Republican governor ’s approval ratings fluctuated while he was The Republican governor’s office and were as high as 63 percent in March 2007 . But five months after he left The Republican governor’s , a Field Poll found that three of four California voters surveyed had a negative image of Schwarzenegger in the wake of revelations he had The Republican governor’s a boy with a former household staff member while married to TV journalist Maria Shriver . Whether he runs The Republican governor’s an independent or as a Republican , Schwarzenegger would Schwarzenegger stiff competition from a long line of California Democrats who have been waiting , patiently , to angle for Feinstein ’s seat . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was Joel B. Pollak one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new Joel B. Pollak , How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Joel B. Pollak at @joelpollak . 
 