Thursday , Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) called on Attorney General Jeff Sessions to resign over allegations he met with Russian officials from a Washington Post story published late Wednesday night .   Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) called on Attorney General Jeff Sessions to resign over allegations he met with Russian officials from a Washington Post story published late Wednesday night.   also called for a special prosecutor to be appointed to investigate . Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) called on Attorney General Jeff Sessions to resign over allegations he met with Russian officials from a Washington Post story published late Wednesday night.   said , " Last night , when I read the revelations regarding Attorney General Sessions’ contact with the Russian ambassador and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) called on Attorney General Jeff Sessions to resign over allegations he met with Russian officials from a Washington Post story published late Wednesday night.   decision to mislead congress about those contacts , I felt a knot in the pit of my stomach . I worried about the future of our country with foreign influenceIin our elections . It goes to the very wellspring of our democracy . For weeks I have said that Attorney General Sessions needs to Attorney General Sessions from any investigation into contacts between the president and Attorney General Sessions associates on the campaign and transition and Russia . For weeks , I made clear that I believe Attorney General Sessions’ close relationship with the Trump campaign requires that Attorney General Sessions’ recuse Attorney General Sessions’ from the executive branch investigation into ties between the Trump campaign and Russia . " " It ’s a matter of Department of Justice guidelines that I ’ve read to you several times that are very clear , " Attorney General Sessions’ continued . " The guidelines are clear as day . Yet Attorney General Sessions has demurred . The information reported last night makes The information reported last night clear beyond the shadow of a doubt that Attorney General Sessions can not possibly lead an investigation into Russian interference in our elections or come anywhere near it . With these revelations , Attorney General Sessions’ may very well become the subject of it . it would be of ‘ Alice in Wonderland’ quality of this administration were to sanction Attorney General Sessions’ to investigate Attorney General Sessions’ . Recusal should have been given . But this goes beyond that . Attorney General Sessions’ had weeks , Attorney General Sessions had weeks to correct the record that Attorney General Sessions’ made before the Judiciary Committee . " " But Attorney General Sessions’ let the record the record that he made before the Judiciary Committee " Schumer added . " There can not be even the scintilla of doubt about the impartiality and fairness of the attorney general , the top law enforcement official of the land . After this , it ’s clear this Attorney General Sessions meet that test . Because the justice department should be above reproach , for the good of the country , Attorney General Sessions should resign Attorney General Sessions Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 