Even the New York Times Magazine , a liberal outlet , is convinced that Facebook ’s new manifesto   —    influenced by none other than former president Barack Obama   —    will be considered politically partisan . [ The NYT Magazine notes in NYT Magazine story " Can Facebook Fix Facebook Own Worst Bug ? " that changes Facebook is looking to make , especially to Facebook News Feed , " are bound to be considered partisan . "   But if Facebook pursues the admittedly airy aims outlined in " Building Global Community , " the changes will echo across media and politics , and some are bound to be considered partisan . The risks are especially clear for changes aimed at adding layers of journalistic ethics across News Feed , which could transform the public ’s perception of Facebook , not to mention shake the foundations of its Facebook . According to NYT Magazine , Zuckerberg was " dismayed " that the planned changes might be seen as an attack on President Donal Trump and took the opportunity to " shoot down " rumors that the Facebook CEO plans to run against the President in 2020 . At the time of our second interview , the manifesto was still only a draft , and I was surprised by how unsure Zuckerberg Zuckerberg about it the manifesto person . He Zuckerberg almost as many questions for us   —    about whether we us what he Zuckerberg trying to say , how we us it would land in the media   —    as we us for him Zuckerberg When I suggested that it might be perceived as an attack on Trump , he Zuckerberg dismayed . He Zuckerberg several times that he Zuckerberg been noodling over these ideas since long before November . A few weeks earlier , there was media speculation , fueled by a postelection tour of America by Zuckerberg and his Zuckerberg , that he Zuckerberg laying the groundwork to run against Trump Trump 2020 , and in this meeting he Zuckerberg pains to shoot down the rumors . Nevertheless , as NYT Magazine points out , pressure to change Facebook ’s algorithms and tackle " fake news " came about as a direct response to the election of Trump Trump the popularity of Breitbart News’ election coverage on the social media platform . After studying how people shared 1 . 25 million stories during the campaign , a team of researchers at M. I. T. and Harvard implicated Facebook and Twitter in the larger failure of media in 2016 . The 25 million stories during the campaign, a team of researchers at M. I. T. and Harvard implicated Facebook and Twitter in the larger failure of media in 2016 that social media created a right wing echo chamber : a " media network anchored around Breitbart developed as a distinct and insulated media system , using social media as a backbone to transmit a hyperpartisan perspective to the world . " The findings partially echoed a long held worry about social news : that people would use sites like Facebook to cocoon themselves into people reinforcing bubbles of confirmatory ideas , to the detriment of civility and a shared factual basis from which to make collective , democratic decisions . A week and a half after the election , President Obama bemoaned " an age where there ’s so much active misinformation and it ’s an age where there’s so much active misinformation very well and it looks an age where there’s so much active misinformation same when you see it on an age where there’s so much active misinformation Facebook page or you turn on your television . " Read the full piece at the New York Times website . You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter and add him on Allum Bokhari on Twitter . Facebook tips and suggestions to abokhari@breitbart . com . 
 