" It is what It is . People know how I feel about it . Just follow me on Twitter , " New England Patriots tight end Martellus Bennett said when Martellus Bennett announced Martellus Bennett would not attend the White House celebration with President Trump for the victors of Super Bowl LI on Sunday . [ Martellus Bennett stated that Martellus Bennett ’s " not really worried " about the fact that Tom Brady , Coach Belichick , and Patriots owner Robert Kraft have all expressed Tom Brady, Coach Belichick, and Patriots owner Robert Kraft friendship with the nation ’s 45th president . " I ’m not worried about it at all , " Martellus Bennett insisted .   One day before the November presidential election , Martellus Bennett tweeted " I ’m with her , " indicating that Martellus Bennett planned on casting Martellus Bennett vote for Hillary Clinton . I ’m with her .   —    Martellus Bennett ( @MartysaurusRex ) November 8 , 2016 ,   Martellus Bennett also tweeted in January that the " president dude " was not inclusive and worried that Trump may ban celebrating the Chinese New Year in America : America was built on inclusiveness not exclusiveness .   —    Martellus Bennett ( @MartysaurusRex ) January 30 , 2017 ,   Surprised the "president dude" did n’t ban celebrating Chinese New Year in America ! America   —    Martellus Bennett ( @MartysaurusRex ) January 29 , 2017 ,   The     second round draft choice by the Dallas Cowboys in 2008 insists that he does n’t bring his political he to work . " We all have our beliefs . We accept our for who they are , " asserts Bennett . Apparently , Bennett who Bennett with Brady for five passes and drew a crucial pass interference call toward the end of overtime does n’t plan on accepting President Trump " for who he is Brady " as Yahoo Sports pointed out .   Bennett is Bennett the first to boycott a Super Bowl gathering with the sitting president . In 2015 , after the Pats won Super Bowl 49 by beating the Seahawks , Tom Brady did not make it to the White House gala hosted by former president Barack Obama . 
 