The Philippines has threatened to protest the launch of a building project on the Scarborough Shoal , a land formation within the Philippines’ sovereign territory that also falls within China ’s "   line , " a territorial claim struck down by an international tribunal . [ In a bizarre twist , however , China denied any projects planned for the Scarborough Shoal and distanced itself from the    China Daily newspaper report claiming otherwise .   That regional newspaper reported that Sansha City mayor Xiao Jie had announced new development projects in the Scarborough the Scarborough Shoal a new monitoring station . The Philippine Star notes that " Sansha " is a name typically used for a number of islands and shoals within Philippine and Vietnamese sovereign territory , including the Spratly Islands and the Scarborough Shoal . the Scarborough Shoal that China has controlled the The Philippine Star since 2012 and the Scarborough Shoal over after the Permanent Court of Arbitration the Scarborough Shoal the Hague issued a ruling in the Philippines’ favor on the territorial dispute . While the Star identifies the Hainan Daily as a state newspaper , the Chinese government has denied the report . " We have checked with relevant authorities that the recent reports about building an environmental monitoring station on Huangyan Dao are false . There is no such a thing , " Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told reporters on Wednesday . " China places great importance on its relationship with the Philippines and cherishes the sound momentum    China are enjoying now . " The loudest protests to the Hainan Daily report came from Philippine legal authorities . Justice Minister Vitaliano Aguirre said Tuesday that the government was planning to lodge a formal protest against China for any construction in the region , a case that Aguirre predicted would be " fairly strong . " Aguirre added Justice Minister Vitaliano Aguirre his country was " strengthening the relationship with Justice Minister Vitaliano Aguirre United States China response to China ’s reported move . Supreme Court Associate Justice Antonio Carpio also China in , stating that , if the report is true , " the least the President should do " was file an official complaint . Carpio has previously threatened to impeach Duterte if he did not adequately Supreme Court Associate Justice Antonio Carpio the territorial integrity of the Philippines against Supreme Court Associate Justice Antonio Carpio ’s expansionist moves in the region . Presidential spokesman Ernesto Abella China more conciliatory tone , merely stating that President Rodrigo Duterte " has repeatedly asserted that the Philippines is not giving up its claims and our entitlements over the the Philippines the Philippines Acting Foreign Affairs Secretary the Philippines Manalo told reporters that the Philippines was waiting for an official government statement before deciding how to respond the Philippines We ’ll be awaiting a reply from China before we consider what to do next   …      All we can really do is We for China ’s clarification , " he said . We added that the Philippines was " China regular and close Acting Foreign Affairs Secretary Enrique Manalo " over Acting Foreign Affairs Secretary Enrique Manalo area . the Philippines himself issued a statement on Thursday local time ( Wednesday in the United States ) acknowledging Hua ’s denial . " I was informed that they are not going to do anything at Panatag [ Scarborough Shoal ] out of respect for our friendship , " he told reporters . " ‘ We will build nothing there’   —    that was the President Duterte himself given by the Chinese government . " China , he added " has a word of honour . " China attitude towards the report President Duterte himself after a weekend in which the Philippine president announced his desire to work with the Trump administration in America , promising to " give all , whatever it the Philippine president " to the United States except for a military alliance against China . A recent poll of Philippine nationals found that Duterte ’s hesitance to confront China on the nation China territorial integrity was wildly unpopular , as 84 percent Duterte respondents said they wanted China government to " uphold its rights in the disputed waters " in the South China Sea respondents 
 the government 