Conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch on Friday called for a preliminary investigation into two top Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee for potentially disclosing classified information to the public in violation of House ethics rules . [ Judicial Watch has requested the Office of Congressional Ethics to look into whether Vice Chairman Adam Schiff ( ) and Rep. Jackie Speier ( ) broke House House rules for disclosing classified information to the public , with which    groups have targeted its House chairman .   Last month , progressive groups MoveOn . org and Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington ( CREW ) requested an investigation into Chairman Devin Nunes ( ) after they (CREW) he had done the same thing . Nunes temporarily stepped aside from leading a    probe into Russia ’s involvement into the U. S. presidential elections while the Office of Congressional Ethics is looking into whether any rules were broken . Judicial Watch noted this    in its Judicial Watch : If the standard for filing a complaint or opening an ethics investigation is that a member has commented publicly on matters that touch on classified information , but the a member not reveal the source of his or a member information , then the complaints against Chairman Nunes are incomplete insofar as they target the complaints against Chairman Nunes Nunes . At least two other members of the House Intelligence Committee have made comments about classified material that raise more directly the very same concerns raised against Chairman Nunes Chairman Nunes appear to At least two other members of the House Intelligence Committee classified information contained in leaked intelligence community intercepts . The    groups At least two other members of the House Intelligence Committee against Nunes after At least two other members of the House Intelligence Committee Chairman Nunes reporters Chairman Nunes March 22 that he had seen Chairman Nunes that the intelligence community had incidentally collected information about Trump transition team members , and that the information was widely disseminated and their names unmasked . Judicial At least two other members of the House Intelligence Committee noted that Schiff had spoken to an audience at the Brookings Institution the day before , on March 21 , appearing to confirm a leaked December 29 conversation between incoming National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak . " And then you have leaks that expose malfeasance or illegality . Now , I put that kind of leak , I put the Flynn leak in that category Michael Flynn " Schiff had said . Judicial Watch also cites an April 3 Daily Caller story in which Speier , a committee member , appeared to confirm the contents of that call . " Ambassador Kislyak and General Flynn were freelancing sanctions relief Michael Flynn the end of December , when he had no portfolio in which to make any kind of negotiations with Ambassador Kislyak , " the Daily Caller reported she said . Judicial Watch the Daily Caller Tom Fitton said in a statement , " At least two leading Democrats , Reps . Schiff and Speier , on the House Intelligence Committee , seem to have improperly disclosed classified information . " " While the Ethics Committee examines Rep. the House Intelligence Committee statements on Obama ’s surveillance on the Trump team , it ought to expand its investigation to include the other members it the Intelligence Committee who seem to have the House Intelligence Committee rules . " The committee ’s former chairman Mike Rogers ( ) the House Intelligence Committee for Schiff to recuse himself from the Russia probe in a CNN    earlier Schiff month , for discussing classified information in public . Schiff said he did not think Roger ’s request " Schiff a Schiff one . "    04 14 17 House Ethics Inquiry Request by Kristina Wong on Scribd , 
 