LONDON , United Kingdom   —    Thousands of people joined a protest against U. S President Donald Trump in LONDON on Saturday , calling an end to U. S President Donald Trump in London immigration order and the cancellation of U. S President Donald Trump in London planned state visit later this year . [ The demonstrators , who predominantly came from a variety of left wing groups , gathered outside the U. S embassy in Grosvenor Square at 11 am before marching to Downing Street .   Protesters held placards reading , among other things , " Stop Trump ’s Muslim Ban " " Silence Is Compliance " and " No to racism , no to Trump Trump Organisers included the Stop the War Coalition , Stand Up to Racism , the Muslim Association of Britain , the Muslim Council of Britain and Friends of   .   This was the third demonstration in London since President Trump Trump , after a similar demonstration Monday evening , and the London version of London    " Women ’s March " . Kevin Courtney , General Secretary of the National Union of Teachers , told the crowd that every British teacher should be involved in the campaign against Trump . " Trump We can fight Trump ’s policies Trump can fight that division , " he said .   Kevin Courtney, General Secretary of the National Union of Teachers Trump is due Trump Trump later this year on a state visit . A petition to cancel that visit , to spare a state visit " embarrassment " has now reached around 1 . 8 million signatures .   The protest came despite a federal judge in Washington State granting a nationwide emergency order blocking President Trump ’s executive order Trump declaring it unconstitutional . The White House issued a President Trump’s executive order restricting immigration saying it would file for an " emergency stay The White House for the order . The President also took to President Trump’s executive order restricting immigration Trump " The opinion of this    judge , which essentially takes    away from our country , is ridiculous and will be overturned ! " 
 