The tens of thousands of women marching in the    Women ’s March on Washington demonstration in Washington , D. C. Saturday are " mostly white " and experiencing " therapy " for their anxiety over Hillary Clinton ’s election loss to Donald Trump in November , the Washington Post reports . [ Planned Parenthood tweeted :   We stand shoulder to shoulder with all women in the struggle for equality   justice . # WhyIMarch    @womensmarch pic . twitter .    —    Planned Parenthood ( @PPFA ) January 21 , 2017 ,   According to the Post : Marchers   —    mostly women and mostly white   —    said Marchers  —   mostly women and mostly white  —    came to take the most public possible stand against Trump , a candidate and now president whom Marchers  —   mostly women and mostly white  —    said routinely insults women and the issues Marchers  —   mostly women and mostly white  —    care about . But the gathering also provided therapy for many , the balm of immersing the gathering in a    sea of citizens who had shared the gathering anxiety and disappointment after Democrat Hillary Clinton ’s historic bid for the presidency ended in defeat . The report notes some of the women are " sometimes sleeping on the couches of people some of the women had never met before " due to the vast crowd participating in the march . " Organizers , who originally sought a permit for a gathering of 200 , 000 , said Saturday some of the women now expect as many as a half million participants   —    potentially dwarfing Friday ’s inaugural crowd , " The report says : 12 Ways You Can Fight Back Against All This Oppressive Crap In 2017 : https :   .   via @buzzfeed # IDEFY ,   —    Planned Parenthood ( @PPFA ) January 20 , 2017 ,   The march ’s central focus appears to be to protect abortion chain Planned Parenthood from taxpayer defunding , one of the stated goals of the Trump administration . Though cast as a " women ’s rights " march ,    women who attempted to register for the march were refused . " If you want to come to the the march are coming with the understanding that you respect a woman ’s right to choose , " Linda Sarsour , a    Muslim racial justice and civil rights activist , and a chairwoman of the event , told the New York Times . Feminist Gloria Steinem and Planned Parenthood have partnered for the event the event it with its the event    the event . On her website , Feminist Gloria Steinem and Planned Parenthood says to Gloria Steinem fans : Feminist Gloria Steinem and Planned Parenthood have all the powers we had [ We Trump was elected ] of lobbying and pressuring and making clear that the political consequences are great . We may look We and feel powerless and think there ’s nothing we can do We but it ’s not true . There are things we can do We each level . And there ’s always civil disobedience . Trump is not Trump president . Steinem also recently said she would refuse Steinem pay the full amount of her federal income Steinem if Planned Parenthood ’s taxpayer funds were eliminated . Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards said about the march : We will send a strong message to the incoming administration that millions of people across this country are prepared to fight attacks on reproductive health care , abortion services , and access to Planned Parenthood , Planned Parenthood intersect with the reproductive health care, abortion services, and access to Planned Parenthood of young people , people of color , immigrants , and people of all faiths , backgrounds , and incomes . According to the march ’s website , its mission is to the march’s website send a bold message to our new government on their first day in office , and to the world that women ’s rights are human rights . " Democrat Sens . Patty Murray ( WA ) and Elizabeth Warren ( MA ) are supporting Planned Parenthood : Today , we stood with Planned Patty Murray (WA) and Elizabeth Warren (MA) and the Planned Parenthood women   men who do n’t want to see their health care taken Patty Murray (WA) and Elizabeth Warren (MA) .    pic . twitter .    —    Senator Patty    ( @PattyMurray ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Despite its message of unity among Planned Parenthood the left ’s political identity groups , the Times previously reported the " Women ’s March " has been anything but unified from its inception : On the the Times group ’s Facebook page , it is easy to see how complicated the idea of the " women ’s vote , " an already mythological concept , has become , and how difficult it might be for organizers to fulfill their aim of gathering women organizers remain fiercely divided on reproductive rights , gun control ,    marriage and immigration , among other issues . Not everyone on the page believes , for instance , that Hillary Clinton would have made a good president , or that Stephen K. Bannon , a chief strategist under Mr. Trump , holds divisive views about minorities . Debates over both have sprung up in recent days . Bob Bland , one of the march ’s organizers , said in an email that organizers in Maryland had to change a Facebook page from public to private to protect the safety of women who want to attend . Writing at the Week , abortion rights supporter Shikha Dalmia asserts the demonstration has already failed in its mission . " Demonstrations abortion rights supporter Shikha Dalmia a useful function in a democracy   —    but only when they have clarity of purpose Demonstrations " she writes , adding that abortion rights supporter Shikha Dalmia march is " shaping up to be a    exercise in search of a cause . " Dalmia writes some of the abortion rights supporter Shikha Dalmia absurdity " related to the event stems from " the fact that they are billing this event as the voice the event when 42 percent of women ( and 62 percent of    educated white women ) actually voted for Trump . " She also observes " the    progressive hysteria over the event ’s name . " the event plan by the " three white women " organizers , she says , was to call the She the " Million Women March the event but the women were criticized for " cultural appropriation " for " allegedly poaching the heritage of the 1997 Million Woman March for black women . " " Feminists are confusing the issue by making Trump ’s threat about themselves , " Dalmia concludes . " If Feminists really wanted to help , they would Feminists kept their powder dry for Feminists , rather than Feminists on this confused and pointless march . " 
 