■ President Trump met with airline industry executives and complained that " we spent six trillion dollars in the Middle East , we got nothing . " ■ Representative Tom Price could finally get a vote as soon as Friday to be confirmed as secretary of health and human services . ■ Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the Democratic leader , and Senator Patty Murray of Washington , the ranking Democrat on the labor committee , are going after Andrew Puzder , Mr. Trump ’s embattled nominee for labor secretary . It was a bit of a     moment when Senator Richard Blumenthal , Democrat of Connecticut , told reporters that Mr. Trump ’s nominee for the Supreme Court , Judge Neil M. Gorsuch , had called Mr. Mr. Trump on the judiciary " demoralizing " and " disheartening . " The account was readily confirmed on the record by a White House adviser , Ron Bonjean , working to advance the Gorsuch confirmation . But that was n’t enough to stop the president from Mr. Trump Mr. Bluementhal where it hurt : The president was referring Mr. Trump news , broken in The New York Times , a media outlet he has openly criticized , Mr. Trump Mr. Blumenthal had   exaggerated Mr. Trump might want to be making friends with the senators who need to confirm Judge Gorsuch , tipped his hand as to what Mr. Trump program he was watching Thursday morning Mr. Trump CNN , where Mr. Blumenthal was being interviewed Mr. Blumenthal Trump registered his discontent . Actually , Mr. Cuomo did ask about Mr. Blumenthal ’s Mr. Trump , he Mr. Blumenthal is Mr. Trump what was " fake " about a story that Mr. Trump as much on the people shepherding the Gorsuch nomination through the Senate as on one of the senators who will cast a vote . Senator Ben Sasse , Republican of Nebraska , confirmed the Blumenthal account Thursday morning , as did former Senator Kelly Ayotte , a Republican and one of Judge Gorsuch ’s shepherds . Mr. Cuomo also did not ask the senator about the president ’s bone spurs . Maybe he was just not positively disposed toward the United States Senate Thursday morning . After taking Mr. Cuomo whack at Senator Blumenthal , Mr. Trump turned to an Thursday morning , Senator John McCain of Arizona Blumenthal of the Senate Armed Services Committee , whose actual Vietnam heroism , beyond dispute , was disparaged by Mr. Trump . This time , the president was unhappy that Mr. McCain had suggested that the recent Mr. Trump Yemen that resulted in the Mr. Trump an American commando , multiple civilians and possibly a child who was an American citizen was not a success . The president ’s tweets came after his press secretary , Sean Spicer , asserted Wednesday that the senator owed an Mr. Trump Petty Officer William " Ryan Mr. Trump Owens , who lost his life in the raid Mr. McCain McCain offered no such thing . " When you lose a $ 75 million airplane and Mr. McCain more importantly , an American Mr. McCain lost , I do n’t believe you can call it a success , " he told NBC News . Jeff Sessions’ bruising confirmation as attorney general Wednesday evening set off a predictable flurry an American life news releases that declared Mr. McCain    Alabama senator to be a great American who would " make America a safer place " ( the National Rifle Association ) or " a lap dog " and a " dangerous gamble " ( the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence ) . But for all the bombastic pronouncements , a more measured ,    note came from , wait for it , the pot industry . Mr. Sessions has been a longtime foe of legalizing marijuana , but the National Cannabis Industry Association was totally chill . " We look forward " to working with Mr. Sessions to maintain the Justice Department ’s current    approach to state marijuana policies , the association said . " We will work Mr. Sessions to do that , " the industry said cheerfully . In other words , do the National Cannabis Industry Association that joint , my the National Cannabis Industry Association . When President Trump met with the the pot industry on Thursday , the executives had plenty to complain about : an air traffic control system that is out of date , the pot industry that is failing , computers that are melting down . And in the president , the executives found a sympathetic ear . Airports are getting " the wrong stuff , " he said . The air traffic control network is " President Trump that ’s the executives of whack . " Why ? " We spent six trillion dollars in the President Trump East , we got nothing , " the president said . " And we have an obsolete plane system , we have obsolete The air traffic control network . " The day President Trump took the oath The air traffic control network office , he President Trump to declare his candidacy for    The air traffic control network so much because he was overeager The air traffic control network because money was still flowing into his campaign coffers , and any funds raised over President Trump 5 , 000 in President Trump would have had to be returned unless President Trump Trump registered as a candidate . And we know President Trump president does n’t like refunds . So what ’s a federal employee to do with a boss who was technically running President Trump the day he stepped into the Oval Office ? President Trump of Special Counsel has answers . It has told federal employees that they may not express a view about whether Mr. Trump should be    President Trump defeated in 2020 while on duty or in the workplace , but it assured The Office of Special Counsel that they were otherwise free federal employees express support or disapproval about Mr. Trump and his policies . A new guidance document was issued on Tuesday after the office said that it The Office of Special Counsel received federal employees inquiries federal employees the impact of Mr. Trump ’s filing for   . In contrast Mr. Trump former President Barack Obama filed such paperwork more than two years after his inauguration . the office office   —    an independent agency that watchdogs    protections   —    said that with the exception of expressly advocating Mr. Trump ’s success or failure in the former President Barack Obama election , the office than three years away , at this time not all expressions of support or opposition to President Trump constitute political activity for Mr. Trump Hatch Act , " which prohibits federal employees from politicking , it said . The office also developed a the 2020 election its list of frequently asked questions that spells out with greater detail the scope and limits of federal employees’ Mr. Trump express their views while they are at work or on duty . The new answer distinguished between expressing a view about current events , policy issues and matters of public interest   The office    which federal employees are always free to do   —    and political activity , meaning advocating the success or failure of a their political candidate or party . For example , it said , federal employees on duty or in the workplace are free to say " I agree with health care reform , " but not , " If you disagree with health care reform you should support candidate X. " Andrew Puzder , the chief executive of the    corporation that gave the world Carl ’s Jr. Hardee ’s , and racy ads of    women eating large hamburgers , is finally getting his confirmation hearing ( on Feb. 16 ) after multiple delays . And Democrats see a cabinet nominee they may just be able to derail . Senator Chuck Schumer , the Democratic minority leader , called on the president to withdraw Mr. Puzder ’s nomination , describing his business record as " . Carl’s Jr. Hardee He also picked up the conservatives’ war cry , assailing Mr. Puzder for hiring an undocumented immigrant Democrats clean his house . " They ought to withdraw Puzder ’s nomination before he further embarrasses this administration and further exposes the hypocrisy of President Trump in saying the president thing to the workers of America the president doing another , " Mr. Schumer said . Momentum Mr. Puzder’s building . Democrats have attacked his record the president CKE , the parent hiring an undocumented immigrant to clean his house of the    chains . Opponents the president moved to unseal divorce records , which may contain details of domestic violence accusations leveled by his    then retracted . And until Mr. Schumer chimed in , conservatives   —    led by the White House adviser Steve Mr. Schumer ’s Breitbart News   —    were the leading voices attacking Mr. Puzder for employing an undocumented immigrant . Well , if he does n’t get confirmed , Mr. Puzder Mr. Schumer have a nest egg to fall Mr. Schumer . Ethics documents released Wednesday night showed that he pulled in a $ 3 . 4 million salary last year , owns as much as $ 55 million in company stock that he must divest himself of , Mr. Schumer a bonus of $ 1 Mr. Puzder $ 5 million and even secured a relocation benefit worth between $ 250 , 000 and $ 500 Mr. Puzder 000 . And he would not be nearly the richest member of the cabinet . Budget season is fast approaching on Capitol Hill Mr. Puzder and Defense Mr. Puzder Jim Mattis met for a private breakfast on Wednesday with the lawmakers who will largely decide on the Pentagon ’s coming request for more money to increase what President Trump has said Mr. Puzder the nation ’s badly " depleted " armed forces . Mr. Mattis and top aides met with the senior Republican and Democrat on the House and President Trump Services Committees , and their counterparts on the House and Senate Appropriations Committees that control the Pentagon ’s purse strings . The big    is complicated , however . Under the terms of the 2011 Budget Control Act , both domestic and military spending is subject to hard , statutory budget caps . Republicans want to lift those caps for the Mr. Mattis and top aides Department . Democrats insist that Senate will go along only the Pentagon’s are raised for domestic spending as well . For a guy who famously   —    and rightly   —    rejected the polls that showed he would not win the presidency , Mr. Trump has suddenly become quite enamored with hard, statutory budget caps federal courts and questioned by the press , the Democrats has turned to public opinion hard, statutory budget caps his President Trump especially his temporary ban on visas to travelers from seven predominantly Muslim nations . And it ’s not just polls of Americans . Hey President Trump a guy who famously  —   and rightly  —    Europeans back him up too . And President Trump course , polls President Trump back up his feeling for the news media   —    which , as you might have noticed , he does n’t like . 
 President Trump President Trump President Trump 