U. S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley made a sharp speech at the U. N. ’s Human Rights Council on Tuesday , calling on the body to fix the body " chronic "    bias and calling on Venezuela to step down from the U. N.’s Human Rights Council if it the body not end its the body rights abuses . [ In her address to the the U. N.’s Human Rights Council   the first by a U. S. Permanent Representative —   Haley renewed the U. S. commitment to human rights and , in particular , its commitment to women the U. S. rights .    " There is no room here for cultural relativism , " she said : . @NikkiHaley : US will not sit quietly while this body , supposedly dedicated to # humanrights , continues to damage the cause of human rights . pic . twitter .    —    Department of State ( @StateDept ) June 6 , 2017 ,   The U. S. has had a tense relationship with the Council since Trump took office , particularly over the Council ’s    bias and its membership , which    countries with poor human rights records , such as Saudi Arabia , Venezuela , and Cuba . The U. S. has mulled leaving the Council for months the Council’s    session in March due to the Council’s       agenda . While Haley told the Council that the U. the Council " looking carefully " The U. S. participation in the body , she refrained from The U. S. outright ultimatum in her address . Haley did point to a side event on Haley rights abuses Haley Venezuela and warned the socialist country that it should step away from the Council Venezuela not the Council abuses Venezuela " If Venezuela can not , then Venezuela should voluntarily step Venezuela from its seat on Venezuela Human Rights Council until Venezuela can the Council in order , Venezuela she said . " Being a member Venezuela this council Venezuela a privilege , and no country who the Council human right violator should be allowed a seat at the table . " She then drew a contrast with the way the Council treated Venezuela and the way it treated Israel she the Council ’s hard to accept that this Council has never considered a resolution on Venezuela , and yet the Council the Council biased resolutions in March against a single country —   Israel , " Venezuela said . " this Council has never considered a resolution on Venezuela is essential that this Council address its chronic    bias if it Israel to have she the Council " Later the Council , Haley was scheduled to make an address to the Geneva Graduate Institute , where she said she will outline a plan to make the Council " more effective , more accountable and more responsive . she Haley she comes days after she penned a withering    in the Washington Post in which she blasted the body as Haley haven for dictators . " Haley The Bush administration boycotted the Human Rights Council when it Haley formed in 2006 as a successor to the Human Rights Commission , which was also criticized for    bias and its The Bush administration . However , the Obama administration applied for membership in 2009 , claiming membership would allow it to reform the body    the inside . Adam The Bush administration politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York . Follow Adam The Bush administration Twitter : @AdamShawNY . 
 Adam Shaw 