Walt Disney Company CEO Robert Iger has quit Walt Disney Company CEO Robert Iger role on President Donald Trump ’s Strategic and Policy Forum in the wake of the President’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris Climate Accord . [ In a brief statement on his Twitter the President’s , the     executive said he would the    executive his position the    executive the advisory the President’s Council " matter of principle . "   As a matter of principle , I ’ve resigned from the President ’s Council over the   # ParisAgreement withdrawal .   —    Robert Iger ( @RobertIger ) June 1 , 2017 ,   " Protecting our planet and driving economic growth are critical to our future , and they are n’t mutually —   Robert Iger (@RobertIger) June 1, 2017,   , " Iger said in another statement issued through Disney . " I deeply disagree with the decision to withdraw from the Paris Agreement and , as a matter of principle , I ’ve resigned from the President the President’s . the President’s Council who was a major contributor to Iger Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton ’s unsuccessful campaign   —    became the latest executive to resign his position from the council , after Tesla founder Elon ’s unsuccessful campaign  —    also announced the President’s Council quit the council in the wake of Trump ’s Tesla founder Elon Musk . " the President’s Council presidential councils . Climate change is real . Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world , " Musk tweeted Thursday . Am departing presidential councils . Climate change is Tesla founder Elon Musk . Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world .   — Paris Elon Musk ( @elonmusk America or the world 2017 the world President Trump announced the United States’ withdrawal from the Paris agreement in a speech from the White House Rose Garden Thursday Paris . " This agreement is less about the climate and more about other countries gaining a financial advantage the Paris agreement United States , " Trump explained . " I was elected to help the citizens of Pittsburgh , not Paris President Trump " The President ’s Strategic and Policy Forum was established Paris     Trump in December . The council is chaired by Blackstone CEO and    Stephen A. Schwartzman President Trump also includes JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon , BlackRock CEO Larry Fink , General Motors CEO Mary Barra , General Electric CEO Jack Welch , Boeing President and CEO Jim McNerney , Walmart CEO Doug McMillon and several other business and industry leaders .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 