Friday during the opening monologue of " Tucker Carlson Tonight , " host Tucker Carlson sounded off on the effect of former FBI Director James Comey ’s testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee a day earlier . [ Carlson host Tucker Carlson Comey former FBI Director James Comey’s did not further the    conspiracy narrative , which many had hoped would bring the beginning of the end to the Donald Trump presidency .   " [ H]ere is what is true   —    as of 8 p. m. Eastern time tonight , Donald Trump is still the president of the U. S. and that means on the most basic level , Comey ’s former FBI Director James Comey’s to achieve its goal . Comey’s testimony no mistake , removing Trump from office Donald Trump the goal . its goal was collusion , Russia hacked our election , assault to our democracy , imperils Russia way of life!’ Russia hear those all the time . You hear them every night on those show but nobody in D. C. actually believes any of that , and that ’s why nobody ever explains how exactly it happened or what specifically the effects of it were . Because it have no idea those And in fact , they do n’t really those . They just want Trump those along with anyone who is in the way . Russia is just a means . " Carlson also noted one the latest targets of this effort is Attorney General Jeff Sessions , who is under further scrutiny for having met with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak for an undisclosed third time . Nonetheless , the ultimate goal of this " hoax " according to the Fox News Channel host was to topple " a democratically elected government " that people in Washington , D. C. did not like . " [ A]gain , this is not about truth or fairness , much less protecting this country from foreign threats , " he added . " It ’s about toppling   —    let ’s not lie about It   —    It democratically elected government that the permanent class in Washington does not like Washington Now again , collusion with a foreign government against the interest of the United States is tantamount to treason . It is definitely a moral crime , and we would never defend it . We would It it we of course It There is just no evidence it actually happened . This whole story is a hoax . It ’s a lie This whole story those who tell it they tell it This whole story those who tell it they tell it to This whole story . That is the definition of mass hysteria . It is deeply hurting our country , and yet otherwise smart people press forward as if it is all entirely real despite mounting evidence it is not real at all . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 