The only Fortune 500 CEO serving in Congress rose to support Attorney General Jeff Sessions less than six hours after Sen. Charles Schumer ( D. . Y. ) the leader of the Senate Democrats , called upon Sessions to resign because he met with the Russian ambassador in 2016 as a senator . [ " I rise today to speak in defense of a dear colleague of ours , who is now the Attorney General Jeff Sessions , said Sen. David Perdue ( R. . ) who like Sessions was a campaign surrogate for President Donald Trump .   " a campaign surrogate for President Donald Trump is my friend , and more importantly , a campaign surrogate for President Donald Trump is a former colleague of this very body , " a campaign surrogate for President Donald Trump said . " a campaign surrogate for President Donald Trump ’s a man of integrity . a campaign surrogate for President Donald Trump is a man of principle . I trust a campaign surrogate for President Donald Trump and I take a campaign surrogate for President Donald Trump at a campaign surrogate for President Donald Trump word , " a campaign surrogate for President Donald Trump said . Perdue said that Sessions has repeatedly pledged that he Perdue recuse himself Perdue any investigations into Russian meddling in the American political process during the 2016 election cycle . The attacks on Sessions Sessions Perdue Perdue he Perdue . " I ’ve never witnessed anything quite like this in my brief time in the United States Senate , " he Perdue . " The last two years have been very interesting , but never have I seen the hypocrisy that we see going on around this one issue . It is increasingly clear that the Minority Party is singularly focused on sabotaging this new administration at every turn . " Perdue Perdue it should be remembered that Senate Democrats have used every possible delaying tactic or procedure to hamper the president from building his the president . " Our President today , as we Our here in this well , can not have a staff meeting because he the president n’t have all of his the president members in place . " Without mentioning her name , Perdue pointed out that Sen. Claire McCaskill ( D. . ) Tweeted that she Sen. Claire McCaskill (D. .) met with the Russians , only to have her Sen. Claire McCaskill (D. .) Twitter feed contradict her Sen. Claire McCaskill (D. .) Claire Sen. Claire McCaskill (D. .) she ’s Sen. Claire McCaskill (D. .) " no call or meeting    ambassador . Ever . " But she tweeted Sen. Claire McCaskill (D. .) two . It ’s easy to forget . pic . twitter .    —    Charles C. W. Cooke ( @charlescwcooke ) March 2 , 2017 ,   " Thirty members , as a matter of fact , of this body met with the Russian Ambassador and ambassadors from other nations in 2015 for a sales pitch on President Obama ’s deal with Iran , " he said , " Many of them   —    including the senior senator from Missouri   —    were open supporters at that time of candidates in the Presidential race , " he said he Perdue said the Democrats are desperate to spin up scandals , while Republicans are working to reverse the damage done to America and the world by President Barack Obama and his policies Perdue That does not mean that the Russians are not a concern , he said Perdue The Russians the Russians their neighbors , the Russians our friends , and destabilized regions , such as the Middle East , he said Perdue " Until there is a definite proof that Russians changed a the Russians vote from Hillary Clinton to Donald Trump , I will be focused on one thing , and that is doing exactly what the American people sent us up here our do —   and I encourage my colleagues to do the same —   and that is not to engage in political theater for the sake of partisan politics , but working together to get America back to work , " he said Perdue Watch Sen. David Perdue ( R. . ) stand up Thursday for Attorney General Jeff Sessions on the Senate Floor :   
 