WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    Over 25 Jewish organizations and Republican and Democratic lawmakers convened at the U. S. Capitol Visitor ’s Center on Wednesday to mark and celebrate the 50th anniversary of Jerusalem Day and reaffirm that Jerusalem is Israel ’s eternal capital . [ Jerusalem Day is a national holiday in Israel Israel celebrates the Israel reunification of Jerusalem Jerusalem the Six Day War of 1967 . Jerusalem Jerusalem year is officially celebrated on Tuesday , May 23 , when President Donald Trump will be visiting the city Jerusalem Capital Hill event , dubbed Jerusalem Unity Day , was held six days before .   Martin Oliner ,    of the Religious Zionists of America , organized Wednesday ’s event . He told Breitbart News Martin Oliner,   of the Religious Zionists of America, organized Wednesday’s event " I ’ve brought 25 Jewish organizations together from all over a full plurality of disparate Jewish organizations that often do n’t agree , but we ’ve come here for unity . " He said , " Martin Oliner,   of the Religious Zionists of America, organized Wednesday’s event ’re here to we God and we ’re here to we Congress for the wonderful relationship that we have together . we U. S.   relationship is stronger than ever . We want to keep we strong and we ’re here to we celebrate this wonderful miracle that has occurred . " He said he believes The U. S.   ’s The U. S.   critical this wonderful miracle that has occurred that Trump moves the U. S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem . " This has been our home , our capital for 3 our 300 years since King David founded it . We have been praying our come back to Jerusalem for over 2 Jerusalem 000 years our generation had the our of having that happen during their lifetime . So our generation feel extraordinary and that ’s what we are here to our today . " " As VP of the Orthodox Jewish Chamber of Commerce , one of the    of the event with Martin Oliner , I came to join with other    and over 25 senators and congressmen who came to show support , " Odeleya Jacobs told Breitbart News . " The event created an awareness of the great miracle that God did by reuniting Jerusalem to all of Israel and proclaiming Jerusalem the eternal capital of the Jewish people . " Rep. Ron DeSantis ( ) who has already visited several location in Jerusalem for the potential Jerusalem move , said , " And for me , what better time to finally follow through with our promise if we relocate the U. our Embassy to Jerusalem " than next Jerusalem when Trump is in the Holy Land . " I think there ’s a lot of risk if we do n’t follow our with our word to move our embassy to Jerusalem , " DeSantis Jerusalem . He added that many DeSantis the Arab states respect " strength and decisiveness . " He noted that some DeSantis the Arab world might not like that Trump follows through on his word , " DeSantis , man , they are going to some in the Arab world it . " " Look , I think at this point , not recognizing Jerusalem as the unified Jerusalem indivisible capital of Israel actually hurts the peace process , " he continued , " DeSantis I think Palestinian Arabs still believe that somehow Israel is a transient Israel that will eventually be wiped off the map . So moving the embassy there is a great statement to say Israel is here to Israel . And if you want to act destructively , fine . But we are not going to play these games and act like we do n’t know we the Western Wall is located . " However , DeSantis noted , " I ’m not necessarily predicting that that ’s going to happen , but I think if you ’re ever going to do it , with all the celebrations that are going to be going on next week , just think of how much energy this would add to that not only in Israel , but here Israel the United States , for the millions and millions of Americans who would like to see this happen . " A    poll conducted by Smith Research found that in the absence of a solid vow to move the U. S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem , Israel ’s approval rating among Jewish Israelis has dropped by 23 percentage points since he took office in January . Vice President and Dean of Touro College Dr. Robert Goldschmidt told Breitbart News he came from New he " to celebrate a milestone anniversary with the salute to the reunification of Jerusalem , which I think is a historic event for people of all faiths and all creeds . " Rabbi Marc Volk , executive director of the National Council of Young Israel , told Breitbart News , " Breitbart News the holy center of Eretz Israel , the State of Israel , and moreover the world . We know that so many individuals across the spectrum of religious life invariably go to the Kotel , the Western Wall , to offer prayer . " Volk added , " The Kotel , the Western the Kotel, the Western Wall the Holy Temple that once stood in Jerusalem . We believe Jerusalem Jerusalem part We Israel Jerusalem " Among lawmakers present at Wednesday ’s event were Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee Rep. Ed Royce ( ) Sen. Ben Cardin ( ) Sen. John Barrasso ( ) Rep. Steny Hoyer ( ) Rep. Ileana    ( ) Sen. Joe Manchin ( ) Rep. Lee Zeldin ( ) Rep. Eliot Engel ( ) and Rep. Brad Schneider ( ) . Sen. Ben Cardin said , " Israel is at great Sen. Ben Cardin ( ) Sen. John Barrasso ( ) . We know that there are so many forces around the world that Rep. Eliot Engel ( ) and Rep. Brad Schneider ( ) trying to comprise the legitimacy of Israel . We see that in the effort of the Palestinians to Israel the Rep. Eliot Engel ( ) and Rep. Brad Schneider ( ) with Israel to the United Nations rather than direct negotiations . We can Israel let that happen . " He added , " Rep. Eliot Engel ( ) and Rep. Brad Schneider ( ) is no separation between the United States and Israel . We are Israel ’s only clear ally and friend and Israel must Rep. Eliot Engel ( ) and Rep. Brad Schneider ( ) sure Israel remains solid , bipartisan and that we Rep. Eliot Engel ( ) and Rep. Brad Schneider ( ) stand by Israel . " Cardin also blasted the boycott Rep. Eliot Engel ( ) and Rep. Brad Schneider ( ) divestment and sanctions Israel BDS ) movement against the State of Israel . He stated , " The support for Israel should be Israel in Cardin year ’s budget . Funding the Israel of understanding , funding the Iron Dome , funding the technology that makes Israel safer and the United States safer . " He said America Israel stand by the Jewish state to ensure support Cardin Israel the United States strong and bipartisan Israel Barrasso blasted the United Nations’ abuses Israel Israel . " We , as a Senate , say it is time to Israel rid of what you are doing at the United Nations . " Rep. Brad Schneider began his speech by saying , " b’ruchim habayim , " which in Hebrew means Rep. Brad Schneider welcome " and " blessed are those who come . " Schneider said the " permanent " unbreakable bond between the United States and Israel Rep. Brad Schneider depends on the bipartisan support in this body . " He told Israel gathered that he came to Wednesday ’s event " to make Rep. Brad Schneider Jerusalem remains the undivided Rep. Brad Schneider of Israel . " Rep. Tom Suozzi ( ) told the crowd that he introduced Israel Resolution 328 on the House floor on Wednesday to commemorate the Rep. Tom Suozzi anniversary of the reunification of Jerusalem " and for other purposes . " HR 328 was cosponsored by Rep. Jerusalem Rooney ( ) who served as the former ambassador to the Vatican under President George W. Bush ’s commission . " I want you to know that I ’m 100 percent on the team , " Suozzi said . " I ’ll do whatever I can do be a strong defender of Israel through thick and thin . " Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter . 
 