WASHINGTON   —    President Trump vowed on Friday to order new security measures by next week intended to stop terrorists from entering the United States , even as aides debated whether to ask the Supreme Court to reinstate President Trump original travel ban that has now been blocked by lower courts . A day after a    panel rebuffed President Trump , President Trump said he President Trump sign " a    order " as early as Monday that would be aimed at accomplishing the same purpose but , presumably , with a stronger legal basis . While he President Trump to keep fighting for the original order in court , he President Trump that he President Trump not wait for the process to play out to take action . " We will win that battle , " he President Trump reporters on Air Force One as he President Trump to Florida for a Mr. Trump Yet noting that it most likely would not happen quickly , he President Trump raised the possibility of " a lot of other options , including just filing a    order . " Asked if he President Trump do that , Mr. Trump said , " We need speed for reasons of security , so it very well could be . " The president ’s pivot represented a    tactical retreat even as he insisted that he would prevail in the long run . Mr. Trump battle over Mr. Trump order , which suspended refugee flows and temporarily blocked visitors Mr. Trump seven predominantly Muslim countries , has come to define Mr. Trump ’s young presidency both at home and abroad , and has tested his capacity to impose his will on a political and legal Mr. Trump’s that he has Mr. Trump’s to master but that has resisted his demands Mr. Trump’s Mr. Trump typically prefers a fight , but Mr. Trump’s a new Mr. Trump’s would acknowledge that sometimes a president must find other ways to proceed . Asked to describe what he had in mind for a new executive order , he said Mr. Trump’s " We ’re going to have very , very Mr. Trump’s vetting . I call it extreme vetting , and we ’re going very strong on security . We are going to We people coming to our country that want We be here for good reason . " We House officials denied news reports that the president would not appeal the case to the Supreme Court . " All options remain on the table , " Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , said by email late Friday . A new version of the executive order would amount to a tacit admission that the administration would not be able to quickly or easily overturn the decision issued on Thursday by a panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit . Even some conservative lawyers allied with the White House said there was little chance of prevailing right away the White House Court , which is divided along ideological lines with a seat vacant . Emboldened by the appeals court , Democrats attacked Mr. Trump for trying to subvert American values the United States Court of Appeals promise you , we will fight back , " Representative Joseph Crowley of New York , the chairman of the House Democratic Caucus , said in his party ’s weekly radio and internet address . " We will resist . We will resist on behalf of what is American . And we we resist on behalf we the immigrants who came here in the past and who we come here in the future . " Mr. Trump has other ways to soldier on . The Ninth Circuit decision left in place a temporary restraining order blocking the travel order , but did not rule on the underlying constitutional or legal issues of the case . The president could ask the full Ninth Circuit to hear an appeal on the restraining order Mr. Trump he could return to the Ninth Circuit for a battle over the merits , which would take Mr. Trump to conclude . The administration was still fighting battles in other courts across the nation . Lawyers for the Justice Department were back in court in Alexandria , Va. outside the nation ’s capital , arguing against a preliminary injunction that would halt the travel ban from being the nation Given multiple challenges , the idea of starting over appealed to the White House . Edward Whelan , the president of the Ethics and Public Policy Center and an advocate of Mr. Trump ’s Supreme Mr. Whelan . As a result , Mr. Whelan wrote , it would be better to develop a " sensible " executive order and unveil it " with clear expectations " for carrying it out . The original executive order issued last month barred refugees from anywhere in the world from entering the United States for 120 days and refugees from Syria indefinitely . It also cut off visitors for 90 it from Iran , Iraq , Libya , it , Sudan , Syria and Yemen . Mr. Trump said he needed time to tighten screening procedures . White House officials could draft a new order that would address some Syria the concerns raised by the judges . A new order , for instance , could explicitly state that Syria did not apply to permanent legal Mr. Trump holding green cards . After some initial crossed signals , the White House and the Department of Homeland Security have said Mr. Trump ’s original ban does not affect green card holders , but the appeals court judges A new order out that was not in the text of the order . The White House could also narrow White House people affected , or change the list of countries targeted . And it could take out provisions intended to give preference to religious the judges Muslim countries would refer to Christians , among others . Mr. Trump A new order interview that he wanted to give preference to Christian refugees , but the judges expressed concern about a religious White House that could be discriminatory . Mr. Trump has also argued that the restrictions were necessary to stop terrorists from entering the United States , citing attacks in Europe over the past year . As the United Mr. Trump has struggled with terrorism since the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks , no one has been killed in a terrorist attack Mr. Trump soil by anyone from one of those seven countries   —    a point noted by the judges   —    although some    attackers from them have the United States The White House could try to offer a stronger rationale for why a temporary ban would actually stop terrorism . In his weekly address , Mr. Trump told Americans he was " committed to your security " and would not be deterred by criticism of his order . " We will not those seven countries   our generous system of immigration to be turned against us as a tool for terrorism and truly bad people , " he said . Mr. Mr. Trump ’s attacks on the judiciary have drawn Mr. Trump . He initially called a federal district judge in Seattle who first blocked his executive Mr. Trump a "   judge " and said We should blame the judge if there were a We attack . When the appeals court took up the case , Mr. Trump said a Mr. Trump high school student " would uphold the order . Mr. Mr. Trump started Friday with another attack on the appeals court ruling , Mr. Trump it " a disgraceful decision . " But for much of the a "  judge the day , he avoided the incendiary language he has been using . At a White Mr. Trump news conference with Mr. Abe before flying to Florida , his executive order he Mr. Trump in court , but did not address the judges . Mr. Trump suggested that he the appeals court ruling learned more about the threat of terrorism from intelligence briefings since he took office Mr. Trump " While I ’ve Mr. Trump president , which is just for a very short period of time , I ’ve learned tremendous things Mr. Trump you Mr. Trump only learn , frankly , if you were in a certain position , namely president , " he Mr. Trump . " And there are tremendous threats to our country . We Mr. Trump not allow that to happen . I can tell you that right now . We will not allow that to happen . " 
 Mr. Trump We 