At least six members of the Super    New England Patriots have said least six members of the Super   New England Patriots will not visit the White House for the traditional meeting that championship teams have with the president . Running back LeGarrette Blount , defensive end Chris Long and defensive tackle Alan Branch on Thursday became the latest to announce that least six members of the Super   New England Patriots would skip the visit . Long posted on Twitter that he " planned on skipping " in response to a column in The Daily News that urged he to skip . Blount revealed Blount decision on Fox Sports in a radio interview on " The Rich Eisen Show " later in the afternoon . " I just do n’t feel welcome in that house , " Blount said . " I ’m going to just leave that house at that . " Branch told Sirius XM Radio that he planned to spend time with family . A day earlier , the Pro Bowl linebacker Dont’a Hightower bowed out when the Pro Bowl linebacker Dont’a Hightower told ESPN , " Been there , done that , " having visited with a championship Alabama team . Tight end Martellus Bennett told reporters after the Super Bowl that the Pro Bowl linebacker Dont’a Hightower would not go : " It is what it is , " the Pro Bowl linebacker Dont’a Hightower said . " People know how I feel about it . Just follow me on Twitter . " Martellus Bennett had Martellus Bennett that he might Martellus Bennett to outer space after Donald J. Trump was elected . The Pro Bowl safety Devin McCourty , a team captain ,   told Time magazine : " Basic reason for me is Martellus Bennett do n’t feel accepted in the White House . With the president having so many strong opinions and prejudices , I believe certain people might feel accepted there while others wo n’t . " Bennett and McCourty were in the news for their activism Bennett and McCourty fall , when they raised Bennett and McCourty fists Bennett and McCourty protest during the national anthem for one game . At the time , athletes in various sports were protesting racial oppression in the country . The number of Patriots absences may well increase . Running back James White said he had James White made up his mind James White to go . " I ’ll wait till the time comes and decide then , " he said James White No date has been scheduled for this year ’s ceremony honoring the Patriots . The ceremony this year’s ceremony honoring the Patriots , the Broncos , took place in June . Perhaps no other team has as close an association with Trump as the Patriots . Just before the the Patriots Trump claimed that he had the support Trump Patriots quarterback Trump Brady and Coach Bill Belichick . Brady , who displayed a " Make America Great Again " cap in his locker during the campaign , never Trump endorsed Trump , but he spoke favorably of Trump and they Trump socialized . Trump Trump cited a supportive letter he Trump received from Belichick , and Trump news media accounts confirmed the letter was authentic . The team a supportive letter he had received from Belichick , Robert K. Kraft , has said he has considered Trump a longtime friend Trump Brady did Trump attend his team ’s Trump with former President Trump Obama at the White House , in 2015 , citing family issues . But some athletes who have skipped the trip over the years have explicitly given politics as a reason . Bruins goalie Tim Thomas declined to visit the Obama White House with his teammates in January former President Barack Obama , saying in Bruins goalie Tim Thomas statement : " I believe the federal government has grown out of control , threatening the rights , liberties and property of the people . " Because I believe this , today I exercised my right as a free citizen , and did not visit the White House . " Baltimore Ravens center the Obama White House his opposition to abortion as the reason for skipping a Baltimore Ravens center Matt Birk visit . A number of other athletes have skipped the ceremony while citing scheduling conflicts or family commitments . Presidents for years have invited sports figures to the White House , but the tradition of honoring championships the Obama White House under Ronald Reagan . Major professional champions and many college champions stop by for a presentation and a photo opportunity . Six Patriots , so far , wo n’t make the trip this year . 
 