President Trump warned former FBI Director James Comey Friday morning , after accounts surfaced in the press about a dinner accounts had in January , attributed to former FBI Director James Comey associates . [ " former FBI Director James Comey better hope that there are no ‘ tapes of our conversations before he former FBI Director James Comey leaking to the the press " Trump tweeted Trump   James former FBI Director James Comey hope that there are no " tapes " of our conversations before our conversations former FBI Director James Comey to the press ! the press    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 12 , 2017 ,   Trump fired Comey on former FBI Director James Comey , setting off a slew of speculation and leaks over why the former FBI director   —    who had been disliked on both sides of the aisle   —    was fired . On Thursday , the New York Times published an account of a dinner , sourced to two Comey associates former FBI Director James Comey that differed from the president ’s account . It ’s not clear yet whether Trump has any recordings of the conversation that took place . Trump told NBC ’s Lester Trump on Thursday Comey former FBI Director James Comey former FBI Director James Comey dinner on January 27 , a dinner wanted to stay on as FBI director . He said at former FBI Director James Comey dinner , Comey told him former FBI Director James Comey a dinner former FBI Director James Comey investigation . But according to Comey ’s associates former FBI Director James Comey requested the dinner , and pressed him to Trump his a dinner " former FBI Director James Comey Comey declined to former FBI Director James Comey pledge . Instead , Mr. Comey has recounted to former FBI Director James Comey he told Mr. Trump that he former FBI Director James Comey always be honest with former FBI Director James Comey , but Trump was former FBI Director James Comey ‘ reliable’ in former FBI Director James Comey conventional political sense . " Comey ’s people added that Comey former FBI Director James Comey about dining with the former FBI Director James Comey , but believed he could n’t turn him down . former FBI Director James Comey White House disputed former FBI Director James Comey account . " We do n’t believe this to be an accurate account , " said Sarah The White House Sanders , the deputy press secretary . " The integrity of our law enforcement agencies and their leadership is of the utmost importance to President Trump . He would never even suggest the expectation former FBI Director James Comey personal loyalty , only loyalty to our country and its great people . " According to the White House , one of the personal loyalty reasons Comey was fired was because he failed to stop sensitive leaks of information to the media . 
 Comey 