On Friday , Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) stood on an empty New York stage , reading excerpts from Sen. Elizabeth Warren latest book , This Fight is Our Fight : The Battle to Save America ’s Middle Class , and could hardly restrain Sen. Elizabeth Warren excitement while reading what sounded like a warning for President Donald Trump : " Donald , you ai n’t seen nasty yet . " [ Warren was reportedly reading some of Sen. Elizabeth Warren favorite    signs from the    Women ’s March in Boston , Massachusetts , when Sen. Elizabeth Warren said , " And only one more because I have to discipline Sen. Elizabeth Warren on this . this is a good sign : ‘ Donald , you ai n’t seen nasty yet . ’ " Warren was speaking at The Town Hall , a New York    performance space Friday evening . Those who chose to watch Warren Warren portions from Sen. Elizabeth Warren book and answer questions , instead of attending a rendition of Julius Caesar in which President Trump is killed off , could have paid $ $ 50 per ticket to do so . Another one of Sen. Elizabeth Warren favorite signs was reportedly , " women ’s rights are not up for grabs . " In a video , Sen. Elizabeth Warren can be seen saying , " What Donald President Trump the Republican majority in the House and the Senate want to do to us , is they want Donald Trump and the Republican majority in the House and the Senate deliver the knockout blow to the middle class . " Trump ’s Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin   —    a longtime donor to the Democratic Party   —    has stated that Trump ’s Trump’s is meant to help the middle the middle class free market competition . The    senator and former Harvard law professor went on to say , " The character of a nation is not the character of its president . The character a nation a nation The character of a nation people . " Warren read a paragraph from a nation book that documented her emotion from the Women Warren March in the Warren she represents . " As I marched in Boston Warren tens of thousands of others that day , I had no illusions . I knew it would be a hard fight . I knew there would be dark moments . But I knew that we had tens of millions of people with us , and this fight would be our fight we " Warren , who has said we wo n’t run for president in 2020 , recently said she hopes Republicans would " leave their bodies to she " because she " would Republicans to cut them open . she During a 2010 debate about Republicans about how to fix the financial system , Warren said if a bill for " a stronger consumer agency " was not a possibility , she would choose " no agency at all and Warren of blood and teeth left on the floor . " One year later , in an interview with MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow , Warren said , " And I have thrown rocks Warren people that I think are in the wrong . " She added , " I ’ve done it before Warren I ’ve continued to do it , and I ’m going to do it it the future . " Adelle Nazarian is it politics and national security reporter for Breitbart News . Follow her on Facebook and Twitter . 
 Adelle Nazarian 