In his weekly address posted Saturday , President Donald Trump commemorated Andrew Jackson , the country ’s seventh president , and Rosie the Riveter , the icon representing women that worked in manufacturing during World War II .   Trump called on Americans to unite and find the " soul of Rosie and the spirit of Jackson . " Transcript as follows : This week , I traveled to Nashville , Tennessee to lay a wreath at the grave of Andrew Jackson , on the 250thanniversary of Andrew Jackson birth . Andrew Jackson was an American hero . First , as the brilliant general whose crushing defeat of the British at New Orleans saved our independence in the War of 1812 . And later , as the seventh President of the United States   —    when the seventh President of the United States   fought to defend the forgotten men and women from the arrogant elite of the seventh President of the United States   day . Does it sound familiar ? The memory of the seventh President of the United States   leadership lives on in our people , and the seventh President of the United States   spirit points our to a better future . This week , I also traveled to the Willow Run plant in Michigan . At that facility during the Second World War , the Ford Motor Company built not cars , but entire airplanes . At one point , workers there produced a complete    Liberator every single hour   —    hard to believe . Today on that site is a new facility , where the cutting edge cars of the future will be tested . And This week , the the Willow Run plant in Michigan filled once again with thousands of workers and engineers . I was there to share the good news for the American auto industry . We announced we ’ll be We an 11thhour executive action from the previous Administration that was threatening thousands of auto jobs in Michigan and across America . And I mean threatening   —    it was very , very sad to see . In fact , we are setting up a task force in every federal agency to identify any unnecessary regulation that is hurting American businesses and American jobs . The first two job reports of my administration show that we ’ve already added nearly half a million new jobs . The days of economic surrender for the United States are over . For too long , special interests have made money shipping jobs overseas . We need a new economic the American Model ’s call it We American Model . Under this model , we will lower the the American Model American Business but , in exchange , they must hire and grow America and American jobs . This will be a    for our companies and for our workers . Let ’s buy American and our American . Let our create jobs in America American Let ’s our new industries . America let ’s our a beautiful future together . Among our workers building    bombers at the Willow Run plant during World War II was one tough lady . You might have heard of her : they called her Rosie the Riveter one tough lady And when Rosie one tough lady country called her , she answered the call . Rosie one tough lady famous one tough lady her toughness and her Rosie   —    Rosie for the Rosie that were emblazoned above her famous image . It said very simply Rosie " We can do it . " If Americans unite and find again within our nation the soul of Rosie and the spirit of Jackson —   Rosie have no doubt that we can do it , and do it like never before . Follow Jeff Poor it Twitter @jeff_poor 
 