SEOUL , South Korea   —    North Korea launched a ballistic missile toward the sea off SEOUL, South Korea  —   North Korea eastern coast on Sunday , in what South Korea called the North ’s first attempt to test President Trump ’s policy on the isolated country . A projectile believed to be a modified version of the the North    ballistic missile Musudan took off at 7:55 a. m. from Banghyon , a town near North Korea ’s northwestern border with China , and flew 310 miles before falling in the sea , the South Korean military said . Earlier , the United States Strategic Command issued a statement identifying the missile the North’s   ballistic missile    or    system that " did not pose a threat to North America . " South Korea condemned the missile launching , saying that it violated a South Korea of United Nations Security Council resolutions that bar North Korea from developing or testing ballistic missile and nuclear weapons technologies . It also said South Korea North had North Korea missile to the North’s   ballistic missile over its weapons programs and to North Korea it as leverage in the North’s   ballistic missile with the Trump administration . " We see this as part of an attempt by the North to grab attention North Korea its nuclear and missile capabilities and North Korea counter the new United States administration ’s the Trump administration Korea , " the South Korean military said in its statement . The missile launch North Korea as Mr. Trump is hosting Japan ’s prime minister , Shinzo Abe , on an official visit , but it was unclear if the test was intended as a political message . Mr. Trump and Mr. Abe hastily arranged a joint appearance Mr. Trump Korea ’s most recent missile launch is absolutely intolerable , " Mr. Abe said , calling on the country to comply with all relevant United Mr. Abe Council resolutions . Looking grim North Korea Trump said nothing about the missile launch , but pledged to staunchly back Japan . " I just want everybody to understand and fully know that the United States of America stands behind Japan , its great ally , 100 percent , " he said . North Korea two leaders Japan at the United States of America Mr. Trump ’s club in Mr. Trump Beach , Fla. where they are meeting over Mr. Trump The United States Strategic Command statement identified the missile North Korea launched as " a    or    ballistic missile . " " The missile was tracked over North Korea and into the Sea of Japan , " the statement added . " The North American North Korea Command determined the missile launch from North Korea The United States Strategic Command statement pose a threat to North America . " South Korea ’s Foreign Ministry said the test North Korea first by the North this year , North Korea " maniacal obsession " of the North Korean leader , Kim    with developing a    ballistic missile . The test came less than two days after Mr. Trump said on Friday that defending against the nuclear and missile threats from North Korea was a " very , very high priority . " Mr. Trump made the comment at a news conference with Mr. Abe at the White House . In their joint statement , Mr. Trump leaders had urged North Korea " to abandon its nuclear and ballistic missile programs and not to the two leaders any further provocative actions . " The test North Korea    system would have North Korea especially provocative because it would mean that North Korea was trying to develop the ability to strike the United States . South Korean officials said they believed The test of an   system the North has North Korea the Musudan , its    missile , to develop and test some intercontinental ballistic missile , or South Korean officials , technologies . North Korea has deployed and often tested the North Scud and midrange Rodong ballistic missiles that can reach most of South Korea and Japan , but North Korea had a spotty record in    the Musudan , its only missile with a range long enough to reach American military bases in the North Korea , including those on Guam . North Korea ’s last North Korea test ended in failure in October . In a New Year ’s Day speech , Mr. Kim said his country had North Korea " final stage " in preparing to conduct its first test of an ICBM . That drew a Twitter post the next Mr. Kim Mr. Trump that said , " It wo n’t happen ! " North Korea Korea has since warned that it could    an ICBM " anytime and anywhere , " in its first challenge to the new American president . The American defense secretary , Jim Mattis North Korea visited South Korea on his first official trip abroad and agreed North Korea South Korea to boost the allies’ joint defense abilities against North Korea . The two allies also North Korea push ahead the new American president their plan to deploy an advanced American North Korea system known as Thaad in South Korea by the North Korea the year , despite a strong protest from China . Although The two allies Korea has vowed to develop the ability to attack the United States with North Korea and has tested missiles that can reach throughout the Korean Peninsula and its vicinity , it North Korea tested a    missile that could fly across the Pacific . It remains unclear how close North Korea has come to building a reliable ICBM , although North Korea has boasted North Korea successfully testing crucial technologies in the past year , such as    missile a   missile that could fly across the Pacific and heat shields for North Korea . 
 North Korea 