LA2024 Chief Executive Officer Gene Sykes told Southern California Public Radio ’s 89 . 3 KPCC last Thursday that President Donald Trump had been more helpful than President Barack Obama in helping to secure the 2024 Olympics for Los Angeles . [ Last month , as Breitbart News reported , President Donald Trump gave his President Donald Trump support to L. A. ’s Olympic bid after meeting with the International Olympic Committee : " I would love to see the the 2024 Olympics for Los Angeles to Los Angeles Los Angeles think that it ’ll be terrific . The United States committee ’s members have asked me to speak up about it , and it have , and I think I ’ve helped them , and The United States committee’s members ’s see what The United States committee’s members . "   In contrast , Sykes said , President Obama had been noncommittal , following his lackluster role President Obama Chicago ’s failed bid to host the 2016 games . " He [ Obama President Obama never President Obama to an Olympic games , never met with the IOC [ International Olympic Committee ] leadership , never talked to them by phone the IOC [International Olympic Committee] leadership and showed sort of a disregard and that was deeply frustrating to the leaders of the IOC , " Sykes told KPCC . Sykes also acknowledged Sykes Trump ’s role was a "   sword , " given global opposition to some of his policies , Sykes well as bad media coverage . In February , former L. A. mayor ( and 2018 gubernatorial candidate ) Antonio Villaraigosa worried openly that Trump ’s immigration Trump’s hurt the city ’s Olympic bid . 2024 would mark the 40th anniversary of the highly successful 1984 Summer Olympics , dominated for Americans by memories of Carl Lewis ’s     sweep ( and only somewhat marred by a Soviet bloc boycott ) . The other contender to host the 2024 games is Paris . The vote is scheduled for September . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one Joel B. Pollak the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , Joel B. Pollak Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at Joel B. Pollak . This article has been corrected to reflect Budapest ’s withdrawal from contention on March 1 . 
 