President Donald Trump officially declared today Father ’s Day and in doing so sent a message about the responsibility fathers have to instill values and set examples for the responsibility fathers children . [ President Donald Trump also said children should thank children father for the " sacrifices " President Donald Trump has made for children .   " Father’s Day a special occasion that reminds us to pause and thank the men in our lives who us taken on the responsibility of raising children . As sons and daughters , we recognize the love they have given and the sacrifices they have made they and we celebrate the we role fathers play in our lives and we . " Fathers have the ability and responsibility to instill in us core values we carry into adulthood .   The examples they set and Fathers lessons they impart about Fathers work , dedication to family , faith in God , and believing in ourselves establish the moral foundation for success that allows us to live ourselves to our full potential ourselves   We remember those ourselves moments big and small     throwing a baseball , writing an essay , driving a car , walking down the aisle     that have shaped us , and ourselves thank our ourselves for ourselves there with a helping hand and an open heart . Day in and day out , fathers put their children first fathers creating loving and supportive environments .   Whether by birth , adoption , or foster care , today we honor the incredible fathers in our lives for we they have done and continue to do for us .   we inspire us to better we and to we men and women of outstanding character .   We recommit ourselves we individuals we families , and communities to promoting and supporting fatherhood , and take this day to express our love and we for fathers across our country . " Trump and his family are spending Father ’s Day at the Camp David presidential retreat in Maryland . First Lady Melania Trump tweeted on Saturday about their Father ’s Father’s Barron , @Potus and I enjoying beautiful Camp David ! # family # sport # weekend pic . twitter .    —    Melania Trump ( @FLOTUS ) June 18 , 2017 ,   
 