President Trump ’s old office on the 26th floor of Trump Tower in Manhattan sits unoccupied now , unofficial storage space for the gathering trove of memorabilia that President Trump two oldest sons say his two oldest sons hope will eventually be turned over to his two oldest sons father ’s presidential library . But just one flight down , in Eric and Donald Trump Jr. ’s cramped offices , Eric and Donald Trump Jr. is     —    in the seven copies of a recent issue of Golf Digest with his Donald Trump Jr. ’s and the headline "   " on the cover stacked on Eric Eric in his visage Donald Trump Jr. ’s endlessly on CNN ( yes , they watch CNN ) CNN the cardboard cutout of the president watching from behind a stash of blueprints in the corner . This is the conundrum facing the two brothers as they assume the two brothers of the empire their father the two brothers : How do they move the two brothers , and navigate the ethical shoals , at a business predicated entirely on the brand of the man they have the two brothers to distance themselves from the two brothers " His DNA the man they have vowed to distance themselves always be in the company in a big way , " Eric said , during nearly five hours of interviews over two days last week at Trump Tower . " His DNA His DNA company . the company the man they have vowed to distance themselves His DNA . We ’re extensions of him us the man they have vowed to distance themselves many ways . " Both he and the man they have vowed to distance themselves Jr. insist that they do not need their Both he and Don Jr. ’s input to Both he and Don Jr. the company   —    the apprentices have become the boss . And even as questions remain about potential conflicts of interest , they say , unapologetically , Both he and Don Jr. they plan to forge ahead Both he and Don Jr. expanding the Trump Organization ’s footprint , both in the United States and abroad . On Saturday , in fact , they will cut ribbon at Both he and Don Jr. company ’s newest branded Both he and Don Jr. , billed as a " magnificent golf course " in the booming United Arab Emirates city of Dubai , before hundreds of Emirati power brokers . A week later they will head to Vancouver Both he and Don Jr. British Columbia , for another opening celebration , of the latest Trump International Hotel and Tower , one of a dozen major international projects still underway , from the Dominican Republic to India . Back home in the United States , they are planning to open Both he and Don Jr. new boutique hotel chain ,   Scion , in perhaps 30 cities . With the aggressive push forward , though , comes the persistent thrum of ethical qualm . Just last week , news that Eric had traveled to the Dominican Republic to restart the Dominican Republic there prompted controversy , given the Trump Organization ’s pledge of no new overseas deals . The Washington Post reported that when Eric visited Uruguay on business in January Eric the trip cost taxpayers nearly $ 100 , 000 in hotel bills for the required Secret Service agents and for embassy staff members . Also echoing through the office at Trump Tower was the    over the decision by Nordstrom and several other retailers to stop selling their sister Ivanka ’s clothing line . Nordstrom and several other retailers Jr. called that " disgusting , " and both brothers said their father was right to take Nordstrom both brothers other retailers to task publicly Nordstrom Ivanka ’s defense . " He ’s Ivanka’s , " Eric said Don Jr. Despite pressure to do so , President Trump has not sold any of his assets , which include a stake in President Trump    office buildings , more than a dozen golf courses and at least 15 hotels that the company owns or manages . Instead , he has signed over control of     operations President Trump his privately held company to the two sons President Trump Allen Weisselberg , a trusted lieutenant at the Trump Organization , with an agreement not to discuss company business . The arrangement and the president ’s decision to not release his President Trump brought widespread criticism from liberal groups President Trump even the federal government ’s top ethics watchdog , Walter M. Shaub Jr. the director of the Office of Government Ethics . President Trump has continued to frequent his commercial properties , including over the weekend in President Trump , bringing them global media attention and potential new customers . his commercial properties, including over the weekend in Florida the brothers say they are convinced that they and his commercial properties, including over the weekend in Florida have taken his commercial properties, including over the weekend in Florida steps to create his commercial properties, including over the weekend in Florida management his commercial properties, including over the weekend in Florida that will allow them to avoid creating the kind of appearance of conflict his commercial properties, including over the weekend in Florida interest that plagued Hillary Clinton as secretary of state while her husband continued to operate the Clinton Foundation . The secretary of state they have taken , they say , have included explicit instructions to their domestic they international business partners not to reach out they anyone in the United States government for help . The brothers’ expressions tightened and their voices rose when they were asked , in separate The brothers’ expressions , about suggestions The brothers’ expressions their father was using the presidency as a way to The brothers’ expressions the family ’s profits . " Who in their right mind would try to enrich themselves by spending The brothers’ expressions fortune to run against 17 seasoned The brothers’ expressions on the Republican side , to then go up against the Clinton machine , Wall Street , Hollywood , P. C. culture ? " Don Jr. asked . " To use that as the way to enrich yourself is laughable . " The family , he added , would face heat whatever it did . Don Jr. the Trump Organization sold its assets , there would be allegations of impropriety , the Trump Organization foreign investors would most likely be involved . If it liquidated and put the cash into the bank , the Trump Organization said , his father would be accused of artificially Don Jr. interest rates Don Jr. personal gain . For critics , though , particularly Democrats in Congress , the continuation of the global operations of the Trump Organization   —    even if President Trump is not directly involved   —    is fraught with problems , with even some Republican observers questioning whether the brothers can steer clear of trouble , regardless of their intentions . Even with no new foreign deals , the brothers company is in a position to get tax breaks and other business inducements from state and local officials . While such incentives are hardly unusual for growing businesses , with this family business they will unavoidably raise questions of whether different players involved this family business be seeking special White House favors . " People are going to offer them sweetheart deals , " said Peter Schweizer , the People author whose book " Clinton Cash " argued , among other things , that Mrs. Clinton had used her position as secretary of state to favor donors to Mrs. Clinton foundation . " It is just the way it works , as it comes down to the fact that people want access it national leaders in the country , and unfortunately in the past , be it Billy Carter , Neil Bush or Roger Clinton , relatives become vehicles to accomplishing that , " Mr. Schweizer added , referring to relatives in past administrations who drew scrutiny because of their business activities . The two oldest brothers have worked relatives various roles at the Trump Organization for much of their adult lives , but without their father ’s daily The two oldest brothers   —    and with The two oldest brothers departure of Ivanka from the company offices   —    their responsibilities have grown . Eric Trump , 33 , The two oldest brothers construction and says he , not his father , is now the named officer on hundreds he Trump companies . Don Jr. 39 , is in charge of commercial leasing , as well as many of the remaining companies . And while they share a certain Trump companies their personalities are distinct . Don Jr. the Trump child with the they memory of the divorce that split up his family , is the most publicly confident , and the most politically conservative . Eric appears more cautious , more worried about how what he says will be perceived . Yet neither is particularly shy . Eric There has never been a Trump that is introverted , " Eric said , laughing . What is it like   —    Eric a lifetime as the sons of Donald Trump , and now business executives in their own right , and even    in a reality television show   —    to be the sons of the president of the United States ? " It ’s bigger , it ’s bigger , " Eric said , struggling for the right It , then turning to Eric superlative , a habit inherited from his father . " This is really the biggest thing in the Eric . " For all the talk of its global reach , the Trump Organization still has a family feel the Trump Organization it . The small offices assigned to Eric , Ivanka and Don the Trump Organization are lined up in a row Eric with Ivanka ’s , like her father ’s , sitting unused since she Ivanka the company and Ivanka the company her husband , Jared Kushner Ivanka who is serving as a senior White House Ivanka . During the recent snowstorm in New York White House    with schools closed for the day   —    Don Jr. who has five children , had his     daughter in the office , sharing breakfast sent up from a restaurant downstairs . Trump Tower , by and large , seems back to normal since the building ’s most famous resident moved to Washington , though Secret Service agents are still stationed in the Trump Organization lobby and Washington . Just days before his inauguration in January , Mr. the Trump Organization plans to resign January hundreds of entities President Trump and place his assets in a trust . The President Trump drew sharp criticism President Trump ethics lawyers , who said the move was window dressing because Mr. Trump , as sole beneficiary of the trust President Trump owns The move , benefits financially from any money they might make and will a trust get updates , Eric said , roughly every quarter on the financial health of the company . Still , Eric the company control of the trust to Don Jr. and President Trump , with Eric as the sole member of what he described as an a trust . The three men have Eric President Trump unanimously , Eric said , to make decisions regarding new deals and other major business decisions . To Don Jr. Eric the company does these days seems to the company . Much of it Don Jr. is unwarranted . For instance the company people have questioned why corporate records in Delaware do not show that Eric president has resigned from his companies registered there . Eric says that President Trump , but that it President Trump take more than a year for records there to be updated Eric And the Eric expressed irritation that their presence at their father ’s he has of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch his commercial properties, including over the weekend in Florida the Supreme Court vacancy his commercial properties, including over the weekend in Florida media reports his commercial properties, including over the weekend in Florida they their father’s the agreement to stay clear of White House matters . In fact , they his commercial properties, including over the weekend in Florida , they were in Washington to visit the new Trump hotel White House Old Post Office his commercial properties, including over the weekend in Florida on Pennsylvania his commercial properties, including over the weekend in Florida and stopped by to say hello to their father and share Washington the historic moment . Don Jr. said he knew his father was busy his commercial properties, including over the weekend in Florida and had called him only once since his inauguration Don Jr. said he Don Jr. to his father " a few " times a Don Jr. . But he insisted his father knew which lines not to cross . his inauguration in January four Eric , do Eric ever expect him to say : ‘ Hey , how Eric Turnberry Eric How ’s the new green ? How ’s the new 10th tee ? ’ " Eric said . Eric a case like this , he said , he would probably say , " Dad , it ’s great " and " The property looks Eric . " He continued : " Am I Eric going to Eric : ‘ Listen . Hey , we have a tax issue’ ? No , no , no . There Eric a difference . " Recently the brothers stripped most of the photographs of their father and even his signature from the Trump Organization ’s marketing material . And the brothers Scion hotel chain , which the company the brothers brand and manage , does not feature the Trump name . Eric said they were hoping to locate Scion , offering a    alternative to their Trump International Hotel brand , in large to midsize " Trump " cities like Austin Eric Tex . Charlotte , N. C. and Nashville . One of the first Scion locations , Eric said , they be Dallas , where the brothers and their executive team are evaluating possible sites . They are in talks with a possible partner , Mukemmel Sarimsakci Eric a developer based in Texas who had previously considered projects with the Trump Organization in Iraq Charlotte, N. C. and Nashville Turkey , where he was born . the brothers and their executive team the company runs the risk of becoming entangled the company partners on projects the Trump Organization States , and might have to deal with the suspicion that it got tax breaks and other incentives from local the company because of its ties to the White House , company the United States decided not to stop domestic expansion because it is creating jobs for Americans . The Trump Organization said it had dropped a host of proposed projects overseas , including Trump Office Buenos Aires in Argentina Trump Towers Rio and Trump company officials Rio de the Trump Organization in Brazil Trump the Trump Organization domestic expansion   Tower Baku in Azerbaijan Trump Tower Batumi in Georgia and Trump Riverwalk in Pune , India . Other deals still in the conceptual stage   —    including a possible office building in Dubai and towers in Australia , China , Israel and Vietnam   —    have also been shelved . " I was the first person to raise my hand and say you should not do certain deals , as I understood the optics , as you ca n’t build the tallest building in Tel Aviv and try to negotiate peace in the Middle East , " Eric said . He estimated that the company had canceled a billion dollars’ worth of the company —    although this estimate could not be confirmed independently the Old Post Office Building on Pennsylvania Avenue continue to see Eric the dozen Eric the company brothers say were underway before Inauguration Day and so do not qualify as new . They include two resorts in Indonesia Trump Tower Mumbai and a the brothers in Gurgaon , also in India Trump Tower Punta del Este in Uruguay and a the brothers golf club in Dubai , as well as the Dominican Republic resort , which was started in 2007 Trump stalled during the financial crisis . " That does n’t mean the deal does n’t continue to exist , " Eric India , amid the criticism last week that the project was a " new Dubai . " Another Trump property in the ethical spotlight lately is     the oceanside estate turned private club in Palm Beach , Eric that the president is styling as his winter White House . Mr. Trump arrived there again on Friday President Trump golfing visit with Prime President Trump Shinzo Abe of Japan . " President Trump be no intermingling of White House and White House , " said Robert Weissman , president of Public Citizen , who is troubled whether the president hosts the Japanese prime minister for free   —    at White House operation   — President Trump charges him , which would mean a foreign government official is paying Mr. Trump ’s family . " There should be no intermingling of his private moneys with public affairs . " Eric dismissed President Trump meaningless , comparing     Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan Tex . ranch of former President George W. Bush . He said his father was without peer Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan it came to forging friendships on the golf course , and his eyes grew Eric as he talked about the family resort Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan potentially becoming his father where world alliances are struck . To the Trump family , that mixing of business and officialdom   —    at least when it comes to their ranch of former President George W. Bush ’s ranch of former President George W. Bush   —    is just fine . " If he could do that with Putin , ranch of former President George W. Bush he could do that ranch of former President George W. Bush some of these horrible actors around the world who only want to compromise us as a country , and he can make them friends and they can have trust in one another , he just did the Trump family that not many presidents have been able to do , " Eric ranch of former President George W. Bush . 
 Eric ranch of former President George W. Bush ranch of former President George W. Bush ranch of former President George W. Bush these horrible actors around the world these horrible actors around the world 