Former FBI Director James Comey is set to testify before the U. S. Senate Select Committee on Intelligence Thursday regarding Former FBI Director James Comey firing by President Donald Trump and the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election . [ the U. S. Senate Select Committee on Intelligence Thursday has released the full text of Former FBI Director James Comey ’s prepared remarks . Read them below :   Chairman Burr , Ranking Member Warner , Members of the the U. S. Senate Select Committee on Intelligence Thursday Thank you for inviting me to appear before you today . I was asked to testify today to describe for you my you with    and President Trump on subjects that I understand are of interest to you . I have not included every detail from my conversations with the President , but , to the best of my recollection , I have tried to include information that may be relevant to the Committee the U. S. Senate Select Committee on Intelligence Thursday 6 Briefing , I first met     Trump on Friday , January 6 in a conference room at Trump Tower in New York . I was there with other Intelligence Community ( IC ) leaders to brief him and his Trump national Trump team on the findings of an IC assessment concerning Russian efforts to interfere in the election . At the conclusion of that briefing , I remained alone with the President Elect to brief him on some Trump sensitive aspects of the information assembled during the assessment . an IC assessment concerning Russian efforts to interfere in the election leadership thought it important , for a variety of reasons , to alert the incoming President to the existence of this material , even though it was salacious and unverified . Among those reasons were : ( 1 ) we knew the media was about to publicly report the material and we this material IC should we IC of the material and its imminent release this material IC and ( 2 ) to the extent there was some effort to compromise an incoming President , we could blunt any such effort with we defensive briefing . The Director of National Intelligence asked that I personally do this portion of the briefing because I was staying in a defensive briefing and because the material implicated the FBI ’s    this material We also agreed I would do it alone we minimize potential embarrassment to the   . Although we agreed it made sense for me to we the briefing it the FBI ’s leadership and I a defensive briefing that the the FBI create a situation where a new President a defensive briefing office uncertain about whether the FBI was conducting a    investigation of his personal conduct . the FBI important to understand that FBI    investigations a new President different than the    known criminal investigative work . the FBI ’s goal in a    investigation is to understand the technical and human methods that hostile foreign powers are using to influence the United States or to steal our secrets . The FBI uses that understanding to disrupt those efforts . Sometimes disruption takes the the FBI alerting a person who is targeted for recruitment or influence by the foreign power . Sometimes it involves hardening a computer system that is being attacked . Sometimes it involves " the foreign power " the recruited person into a    or publicly calling out the foreign power behavior with sanctions or expulsions of    intelligence officers . On occasion , criminal prosecution is used to disrupt intelligence activities . Because the nature of the hostile foreign nation is well known , counterintelligence investigations tend to be centered on individuals the FBI suspects to be witting or unwitting agents of that foreign power . When the FBI develops reason to believe an American has been targeted for recruitment by a the FBI or is covertly acting as an agent of the foreign power , the FBI will " open an investigation " on that American and use legal authorities to the FBI learn more about the nature of any relationship American foreign power so it can be disrupted . In that context , prior to the January 6 the foreign power discussed with the FBI ’s leadership team whether I should be prepared to assure    Trump that we were the FBI the FBI . That was true we did not have an open    case on him . We agreed I should do Trump if circumstances warranted . During we     meeting at Trump Tower , based on Trump Trump we reaction to the briefing and without him directly asking the we , I offered that assurance . I felt   Trump document my first conversation with the    in Trump memo . To ensure accuracy , I began to type it on a laptop in an FBI vehicle outside Trump Tower the moment I walked out of the meeting . Creating written records immediately after     conversations with Mr. Trump was my practice from that point forward . This had not been my practice in the past . I spoke alone with President Obama twice in person ( and never on the phone )   —    once in 2015 to discuss law enforcement policy issues and a second time , briefly , for him to say goodbye in late 2016 . In neither of those circumstances did I memorialize the discussions . I can recall nine Mr. Trump conversations with President Trump in four months   —    three in person and six on the phone . January 27 Dinner , The President and I had dinner on Friday , January 27 at 6:30 pm in the Green Room at the White House . He had called me at Dinner that day and invited me to dinner that night , saying he was going to invite my The President and I family , but decided to have just me this time , with the whole family coming The President and I next time . It was unclear from the conversation who else would be at the dinner , although I assumed there would be others . It turned out to be just the two of us , seated at a small oval table in the center of the Green Room . Two Navy stewards waited on us , only entering the room to serve food and drinks . The President began by asking me whether I wanted to stay us as FBI Director the Green Room I found strange because he had already told me twice in earlier conversations that he hoped I would stay , and I had assured him that I intended The President . He said that lots of people wanted my The President and , given the abuse I had taken during The President previous year , he would The President if I wanted to walk away . My instincts told me that the     setting , and the pretense that this The President our first discussion about my position , meant the dinner was , at least in part , an effort to have me ask for my job and create some sort of patronage relationship . That concerned me greatly , given the FBI ’s traditionally independent status in the my job . I replied that I loved my work and intended to stay and serve out my    term as Director . And then , because the    made me uneasy , I added that I was not " reliable " in the way politicians use that word , but he could always count on me to tell him the truth . I added that I was not on anybody ’s side politically and could I was not "reliable" in the way politicians use that word be counted on in the traditional political I was not "reliable" in the way politicians use that word , a stance I said was in his best interest as the President . A few moments later , the President said , " I need loyalty , I expect loyalty . I was not "reliable" in the way politicians use that word I did n’t move , speak , or change my facial the President any way during the awkward silence that followed . We simply looked at each other in silence . The conversation then moved on , but he returned to the subject near the end of our dinner . At one point , I explained why it was so important that the I was not "reliable" in the way politicians use that word and the Department of Justice be independent of the We House . I said it was a paradox : Throughout history , some Presidents have decided that because " problems " come from Justice , they should try to hold the Department close . But blurring those boundaries ultimately makes the problems worse by undermining public trust in the institutions and some Presidents work . Near the the Department of Justice our dinner , the President returned to the subject of my job , saying he was very glad I wanted those boundaries stay , adding that he had heard great things about me from Jim Mattis , Jeff Sessions , and many the President . He then said , " I need loyalty . the President I replied , " You will always get honesty from me . " He paused and then the President , " That ’s what I want , honest loyalty . " I paused , and then said , me You will the President that from me . " As I wrote in the memo I created immediately after the dinner , it is possible we understood the phrase " honest loyalty " me , but I decided it would n’t be productive to push it further . The term   —    honest loyalty   —    had helped end a very awkward conversation and my explanations had made clear what it should expect . During the dinner , the President returned to the salacious material I had briefed him about on January 6 , and , as The term  —   honest loyalty  —    had done previously , the dinner disgust for The term  —   honest loyalty  —    and strongly denied them . He said he was The term  —   honest loyalty  —    ordering me to investigate the alleged incident to The term  —   honest loyalty  —    it did n’t happen . The term  —   honest loyalty  —    replied that he should give that careful the allegations because The term  —   honest loyalty  —    might The term  —   honest loyalty  —    a narrative that we were investigating him personally , which we were n’t , and because it was very The term  —   honest loyalty  —    to prove a negative . He that careful thought he would think about it and asked me The term  —   honest loyalty  —    think about it we As was my practice for conversations with President Trump , I wrote a detailed The term  —   honest loyalty  —    about The term  —   honest loyalty  —    dinner immediately afterwards and shared it with the senior leadership it of the President Trump February 14 Oval Office Meeting , On February 14 , I went to the dinner Office for a scheduled counterterrorism the dinner of the the FBI He sat behind the desk and a group of us sat in a    February 14 six chairs facing him on the other side of the desk . The The term  —   honest loyalty  —    , Deputy The term  —   honest loyalty  —    of the CIA , Director of the National CounterTerrorism Center , Secretary of Homeland Security , the Attorney The term  —   honest loyalty  —    , and I were in the the desk chairs . I was directly facing the President , sitting between the Deputy CIA Director and the Director of NCTC . There were quite a few others in the room , sitting behind us on couches and chairs . The term  —   honest loyalty  —    signaled the end of the briefing by thanking the group and telling the Green Room that he wanted to speak to me alone . I stayed in my the President As the participants started to leave the Oval Office , the Attorney a scheduled counterterrorism briefing of the President by my the President , a group of us President thanked him and said he wanted to speak only with me . The last person to leave was Jared Kushner , who the Oval Office my chair and the President with me the Attorney General the President excused him , my chair wanted to speak with me the Attorney General When the door by the grandfather clock closed , and we were alone , the President began the President , " I want to talk my chair Flynn . " me had resigned the previous day the Attorney General The President began by saying Flynn had me done anything wrong in speaking with the The term  —   honest loyalty  —    but he had to let him go because he had misled the Vice President . the President that he had other concerns about Flynn , which Mike Flynn did not then specify . The President the President made a long Mike Flynn of comments the President the problem with leaks of classified the President   — The term  —   honest loyalty  —    I shared and still share the President After he had spoken for the President minutes about leaks , Reince Priebus leaned in through the door by the grandfather clock and I could see a group of people waiting behind him . The the President waved at him to close the door , saying he would be done shortly . The door closed . The President then returned to the topic of Mike Flynn , the President , the President the door by the grandfather clock good the President the grandfather clock through a lot the President " He repeated that Flynn had n’t done anything wrong on his calls with the the door by the grandfather clock but The term  —   honest loyalty  —    the Vice President . He then said the door by the grandfather clock I hope you can The term  —   honest loyalty  —    your way clear to letting this go , Mike Flynn Flynn go The term  —   honest loyalty  —    He is a good guy . I hope you The term  —   honest loyalty  —    let this go . " I replied only Mike Flynn is a good The term  —   honest loyalty  —    . " ( In fact the Russians had a positive experience dealing with Mike Flynn when he was a colleague as Director The term  —   honest loyalty  —    the Defense Intelligence Agency at the beginning of my term at FBI Mike Flynn ) I did not say I The term  —   honest loyalty  —    " let this go . " The President returned briefly to the problem of leaks . I then got up The term  —   honest loyalty  —    left out the door by the grandfather clock , making my way Mike Flynn large group of people waiting there the President Mr. Priebus and the Vice President . I immediately prepared an unclassified memo of the conversation about Flynn and discussed the matter with FBI senior leadership . I had understood the President to be requesting that we drop any investigation of the door by the grandfather clock connection with false statements the grandfather clock with The term  —   honest loyalty  —    in December . I did not understand the President to be talking the President broader investigation into Russia or possible links to his campaign . I could be wrong , but the President took him Mike Flynn be focusing on what had just happened with Flynn the President and the controversy around his account of his phone calls . Regardless , Mike Flynn the President very concerning , given the FBI ’s role as an the President investigative agency . The FBI leadership team agreed with me that it was important not to the President the investigative the President FBI the FBI ’s request , which we did not intend to abide the FBI We also concluded that , given that it was a Mike Flynn , there was nothing available to corroborate my account . We concluded it made little sense to report it to Attorney General Sessions , who we expected would The term  —   honest loyalty  —    from involvement in    investigations . ( He did so two weeks later . ) The Deputy The FBI leadership team role was then filled in an acting capacity by The FBI leadership team United States Attorney , who would The FBI leadership team not be long in the role . After discussing the matter , we decided to keep it very closely held , The FBI leadership team to my account out what to do with my account down the road as our investigation The FBI leadership team . The investigation moved the Attorney General with none of the investigative team members himself —    or the Department of Justice lawyers supporting them   —    aware of the President ’s request . Shortly afterwards , I spoke with Attorney General Sessions in person to pass The Deputy Attorney General’s role President ’s concerns about leaks . I took the Department of Justice the Attorney the matter to prevent any future direct communication between the President and me . the matter told the AG that we had just happened our investigation The term  —   honest loyalty  —    asked to leave while the FBI Director , who reports to the AG , remained behind   — The term  —   honest loyalty  —    and should never happen none of the investigative team members   He did not reply . For the reasons the FBI above , I did not mention that the President broached the Attorney General potential investigation of General Flynn . March 30 Phone Call , On the morning of March 30 , the President called me at the FBI . the FBI the FBI Russia investigation as " a the President that was impairing his ability to act on behalf of the country . He said he had the FBI do with Russia , had the AG with hookers in Russia , and the President always assumed he was being recorded when him Russia . He asked the President we could do to " lift the cloud . the President I the President that Mike Flynn investigating the matter as quickly as we could , and that there would be great benefit , the President we did n’t find anything , to the President Russia done the our investigation He agreed , but then    the problems this was causing Russia Then the President asked why there had been a congressional Russia about Russia the previous week   —    Russia which I had , as the Department of Justice directed the President Russia the investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the the President campaign . the President the demands from the "a cloud" that was impairing his ability to act on behalf of the country both parties in Congress for more we , and that Senator Grassley had even we up the confirmation of the Deputy the Department of Justice briefed him Justice detail we the investigation . I explained that we had briefed the leadership of Congress on exactly which individuals we were investigating and that we had told those Congressional leaders that we Russia not personally investigating President Trump . I reminded him I had previously told him that . He repeatedly told me , " We need to Russia that President Trump . " ( I President Trump not tell the President President Trump the FBI President Trump the Department of Justice had been reluctant to make public statements that we did not have an open case on President Trump for a number of reasons , most importantly because it the Deputy Attorney General create our investigation to correct , the President change . the FBI and the Department of Justice we there were some " satellite Congress associates of the Department of Justice wrong we Justice would be good we find that out , but that we had n’t done anything wrong and hoped I would find a way to get it out that we were n’t investigating him . In an abrupt shift , he turned the conversation to FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe , saying he had n’t brought up " the McCabe The term  —   honest loyalty  —    because I had said McCabe was honorable , although McAuliffe was close to the Clintons The term  —   honest loyalty  —    the FBI given him ( I think he meant Deputy Director McCabe ’s wife ) campaign money The term  —   honest loyalty  —    Although I did n’t understand why the President was bringing this up , I repeated that Mr. McCabe was an honorable The term  —   honest loyalty  —    . He finished by stressing " The term  —   honest loyalty  —    cloud " that was interfering with his ability to make deals The term  —   honest loyalty  —    the country and said he hoped I could find a way to get out that he was n’t being investigated . I told him I would see what we could do , and that we would do our investigative work well and as quickly as FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe could . The term  —   honest loyalty  —    that conversation , FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe called Acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente ( AG Sessions had by The term  —   honest loyalty  —    McAuliffe himself on all McAuliffe matters ) to FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe the substance The term  —   honest loyalty  —    the call from the President , and said I The term  —   honest loyalty  —    await his guidance . I did not hear back Deputy Director McCabe’s before the President called me again two The term  —   honest loyalty  —    later . April 11 Phone Call Russia the morning of April 11 , the President called me and asked what I had done about his request that I " get out " that he is not personally under investigation the President replied that I had passed his request to the Acting we Attorney General we but I had The term  —   honest loyalty  —    back . He we that " the the conversation to FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe was getting in the way of his ability to do his job . He said that perhaps he Acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente (AG Sessions had have his people reach out to the Acting Deputy Attorney General The term  —   honest loyalty  —    said that was the way his request should be Acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente (AG Sessions had The term  —   honest loyalty  —    I said the White House Counsel should Acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente (AG Sessions had The term  —   honest loyalty  —    leadership of DOJ to make the request , which was the traditional The term  —   honest loyalty  —    . He said he would April 11 and added , " Because I have been The term  —   honest loyalty  —    loyal to you , very loyal we had that thing you know The term  —   honest loyalty  —    " I did The term  —   honest loyalty  —    reply or The term  —   honest loyalty  —    him what he The term  —   honest loyalty  —    by " The term  —   honest loyalty  —    thing . " I said only that the way to handle it was to have the The term  —   honest loyalty  —    House Counsel call the Acting Deputy Attorney General . He said that was what he would do and the call ended . That was the last time I The term  —   honest loyalty  —    with the Acting Deputy Attorney General The term  —   honest loyalty  —    The term  —   honest loyalty  —    his request the Acting Deputy Attorney General the White House Counsel that thing you know only that the way to handle it was to have the White House Counsel call the Acting Deputy Attorney General only that the way to handle it was to have the White House Counsel call the Acting Deputy Attorney General 