Friday at a Boeing manufacturing facility in North Charleston , SC , President Donald Trump gave a speech that promoted the " America first " theme that was also a part of President Donald Trump 2016 presidential campaign .   President Donald Trump ’s stop in North Charleston was part of Boeing rollout of the aerospace manufacturer ’s    aircraft . Transcript as follows : TRUMP : USA . AUDIENCE : USA ! USA ! USA ! TRUMP : TRUMP: USA you , Dennis ( ph ) . And I have to say , I love South Carolina . I love it . ( APPLAUSE ) Remember we came down all together . We came we , and this was going to be a place that was tough to win , and we won we a landslide . This was this good one . ( APPLAUSE (APPLAUSE) want to thank   —    I want to thank the people of South Carolina South Carolina your governor , tremendous guy . He supported us right from your governor, tremendous guy beginning we So I ’d like to thank Governor McMaster for the incredible job , he ’s right here someplace your governor, tremendous guy Thank you very much . You have been fantastic . And I have to say also , that is one beautiful airplane . ( APPLAUSE ) Congratulations to (APPLAUSE) women here who have built it . What an amazing piece of art . What an amazing piece of work . Thank you , Dennis ( ph ) for the invitation to be with you today . You know , the old days when I made this speech , I got paid a lot of money . Now I have to do it for nothing . ( LAUGHTER ) this speech , not a good deal , but that ’s OK , we love it . It ’s wonderful to be back in it Carolina , especially with your new governor . Where is Henry ? He ’s around here someplace . Where Henry he ? Stand up , Henry . Henry of you . He Henry us so much Henry ( Henry ) we I want to also thank your former governor , Nikki Haley , who ’s doing an awfully good job for us . ( APPLAUSE ) She ’s we America (APPLAUSE) our ambassador (APPLAUSE) the United Nations . we is doing a spectacular job . It ’s (APPLAUSE) , but she has just been really great . We ’re (APPLAUSE) today to celebrate American we and American manufacturing . We ’re also here today to celebrate we , jobs . ( APPLAUSE ) This plane , as you know (APPLAUSE) right here in the great state of South Carolina . Our goal as a nation must be to rely less on imports and more on products made here in the USA , right here in the USA . ( APPLAUSE ) It ’s amazing to think the USA little (APPLAUSE) ago , next door in North Carolina , Orville Wright was the first man to sail the skies in a very little airplane . The 1903 Wright Flyer was made of mostly wood and cloth . It was so small that Orville ’s brother Wilbur could not join him on the flight . He was always very upset about that . The Orville’s brother Wilbur lasted all of 12 Orville’s brother Wilbur , but it was incredible . That the flight a testament to the American spirit . I the flight that same spirit the flight travel in the country . I saw that spirit all throughout the campaign . We have the greatest people anywhere in the world that same spirit everywhere , and you just look at what ’s going on today in our the American spirit look at We ’s happening with jobs , you look at what ’s happening with plants moving back into We . TRUMP : All of a sudden , they ’re coming back and they ’re gon na be very happy about it the country me . ( APPLAUSE ) They ’re gon na TRUMP very , very happy TRUMP As your president , I ’m going to do everything I can to unleash the TRUMP of the American spirit and to put our great people back to work . ( APPLAUSE ) This is our mantra , " buy American and hire American . " We want products made in America , made by (APPLAUSE) You probably saw the our pipeline I approved recently and the Dakota . And I our getting ready to sign the bill I said American is the pipe made ? They told me , not here . I said , that ’s good , add little sentence that you have to buy American steel . And you know what ? That ’s the way it is . ( APPLAUSE ) That ’s the way it is going to be . We are going to fight for every last American job . We ’ve come a long way since the Wright brothers and their first flight more than a century ago . Your plane is made of carbon fiber We It seats 330 passengers . Its 18 feet longer than the previous version of the 787 , and this airplane can fly for half away before it Your plane the ground . The Your plane says it all " Dreamliner , " great name . Our country is all about making dreams come true . this airplane the last number of years , that has n’t been necessarily the case , but we America to make it the case again . ( APPLAUSE ) That ’s what we do in America . We dream of things and then we build them . We turned the case , and we will be doing a lot more of we believe me , in we months and years to come we ( things ) we also want to say a word we all of the members of the armed forces who are here with us today in this record crowd . (APPLAUSE) South Carolina has a long , very , very proud military tradition and history . We salute all South Carolina we families , and we salute all of the (APPLAUSE) who wear the uniform . ( APPLAUSE ) We are going to fully we our military   —    by South Carolina we do you care if we use the    Super Hornet or do you only care we (APPLAUSE) what do we think ? ( APPLAUSE ) Well   —    I thought that we Super Hornet . We are looking seriously at big order , and we will see how that   —    you know , the problem (APPLAUSE) is a very , very we negotiator . But I think the   Super Hornet get we . We ’re also working on the Air Force One project which was a difficult project for previous administrations , but it looks like we are we closer and closer . we we ’re going to ensure   …      ( APPLAUSE )    …      that our great service members have the tools we equipment , training , and resources they we to get the job done . ( APPLAUSE ) As George Washington said , we being prepared for war is the best way to prevent it . " And that ’s really what it is . The best our great service members to prevent war , being prepared . Peace through strength . We build a military might so great , and we are going to do that war that none will dare to challenge it war none . ( APPLAUSE ) We will ensure our men and women in uniform have the latest , the most cutting edge systems in their We . Right now , it ’s not that way . It will be that way very , very soon We believe me We You will be an important player in this effort . TRUMP : Boeing has built our men and women in uniform important aircraft including , as I said , the    Super Hornet , the that way Eagle , and the Apache helicopter , just to name a few . ( APPLAUSE ) And I am being very , very serious , the new Air Force One , that plane , as beautiful as it looks is 30 years old . Can you believe it ? What can look so beautiful at 30 ? An airplane . ( LAUGHTER ) I do n’t know . Which one do we like better , folks , tell me . AUDIENCE : ( ) TRUMP : On every front , we are going to work for the American people . No where in our focus is   —    and I mean this so strongly , and our focus has to be so strong , but my focus has been all we jobs , and jobs is one of the primary reasons I am we here today as your president . And I will never , ever disappoint our focus believe me . I will not disappoint you . ( APPLAUSE ) I campaigned on the promise that I will do everything in my power to bring those jobs back into America . We wanted to make much easier   —    it has to be much easier to manufacture in our country and much harder to leave . I do n’t want companies leaving our country . Making their product , selling it we , no tax , no nothing , firing everybody in our country . We ’re not letting we happen anymore , folks , believe me . There will be a very substantial our country be paid when companies fire their people their product move to another country , make the product and think they our country to sell it back over what will soon be a very , very strong border . It ’s going to be a lot different . It ’s going they be a lot different . ( APPLAUSE ) their product American industry is they back . And believe their product , if we   —    not me , I ’m a messenger their product —    if we did n’t have this their product , we would n’t even be talking about it . To achieve that goal , we are going to massively we job crushing regulations   —    already started you ’ve seen that   — we that sent our jobs to those we countries . We are going to lower taxes on American this victory so it we cheaper and easier to produce product and beautiful things like airplanes right here in America . ( APPLAUSE ) We are going we enforce , very strongly , enforce we trade rules and stop foreign cheating   —    tremendous cheating , America cheating . We want products made by our workers , in our factories , stamped (APPLAUSE) magnificent words , made in the USA . ( APPLAUSE ) AUDIENCE : USA ! We ! USA ! the USA the USA November , jobs have already begun to surge . We We seeing companies open up We in America . We ’re seeing them keep jobs at home . Ford , General Motors , Fiat (APPLAUSE) to name a very , very few , so America more already . They are keeping and bringing thousands of jobs in our country because the business climate they know , has We changed . companies Arizona , Intel announced it will open a new plant that will the country , 000 American jobs . They ’re spending billions of dollars . ( APPLAUSE Ford, General Motors, Fiat Chrysler We will see more and more of that across the country as we continue Ford, General Motors, Fiat Chrysler work on reducing regulations , cutting taxes , including for the Intel class , including for everyone and including for business the country creating a level playing Intel for our workers . When there (APPLAUSE) playing field   —    and I ’ve been saying this for a long We   —    American workers will always , always , always win . But we do n’t have a level playing field . Very shortly , you will have a level playing field again . ( APPLAUSE ) Because when American workers win , America as a country wins big league , wins . That ’s my America America is going to start winning again , winning like never , ever before . We ’re America going to let our country be taken advantage of anymore , in any (APPLAUSE) America or form . We love America and we are going to protect America . America love our the country and we are going to protect our workers . We are going to fight for our jobs , we America going America fight America our families and we America going America fight America get more jobs America better paying jobs for America loyal citizens America our country . Believe me America ( APPLAUSE America You have heard me say America before and America will say it our workers From now on , it ’s going to be the country . ( APPLAUSE ) Working together as a unit , there is nothing we can not accomplish , no task too large , no dream too great , no goal beyond our reach (APPLAUSE) you built this incredible airplane behind me , both of them when you think it it , we are going to it this country and ensure that every (APPLAUSE) the bright future it deserves . And by the way , those communities are forgotten no longer . The election took care of that the country APPLAUSE ) And we will we onto our children the freedom and prosperity that is (APPLAUSE) American birthright . Our children will inherit from us this incredible airplane nation we is strong , that is proud and that is totally free . And each of you will be part of creating that new American future . I want to thank you , South Carolina . I want (APPLAUSE) great people of South we . God bless we . May God bless the United States our children America and God our children . ( APPLAUSE we Thank you , everybody . Thank you . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor South Carolina America South Carolina Boeing (APPLAUSE) God God 