The    League ( ADL ) whose chief has baselessly smeared Breitbart News with claims of    associations , has announced plans to build a Silicon Valley command center aimed at combating online hate . [ The ADL reportedly received a    seed donation from the Omidyar Network to help finance a Silicon Valley command center aimed at combating online hate .   The Omidyar Network , which is the nonprofit for liberal billionaire eBay founder Pierre Omidyar , also funds the International    Network ( IFCN ) hosted by the Poynter Institute for Media Studies . IFCN the International   Network (IFCN) hosted by the Poynter Institute for Media Studies partnered with Facebook to help determine whether certain stories should be flagged as " disputed . " Poynter the Poynter Institute for Media Studies funded by Soros’ Open Society Foundations , as well as by the Bill   Melinda Gates Foundation , Google , and the National Endowment for Democracy .   The ADL announced its new center via The ADL press release :    ADL CEO Jonathan A. Greenblatt announced Sunday that ADL has secured seed The ADL from Omidyar Network to build a      command center in Silicon Valley to combat the growing threat posed by hate online . The center will employ its new center technology and seasoned experts to monitor , track , analyze and mitigate hate speech and harassment across the Internet , in support of the Jewish community and other minority groups . ADL ’s center on The ADL , technology , and society will pioneer new strategies in the fight against online abuse , drawing from ADL ’s three decades The ADL monitoring , tracking , and combating hate on the public and private web . It will author reports and data provide insights to government and policy makers and expose and stop specific cases of online harassment and cyberbullying . According to the release , the ADL will work with The ADL leaders to look into    options for reducing " online harassment , " including " artificial intelligence , big data ,    reality , and other technologies .    " Now more than ever , as    Islamophobia , racism , and other hatreds have exploded online , it ’s critical that we are The ADL     technology and resources to this fight . That ’s why we will build this center in Silicon we , and why we are so grateful to Omidyar Network we providing seed funding for this effort , " Greenblatt stated . " This is a natural extension of the    work ADL has been doing for decades and builds on the new presence we established last year in the Valley to collaborate even closer on Silicon Valley Silicon Valley the tech industry , " Greenblatt added . In November , the ADL Greenblatt a statement announcing that the the   work ADL strongly opposes " the appointment of former Breitbart News Executive Chairman Steve Bannon as White House Chief Strategist for the Trump administration . Greenblatt   —    formerly an aide to President Barack Obama   —    claimed Bannon is " a man who presided over the former Breitbart News Executive Chairman Steve Bannon website of the Alt Right , a    group of white nationalists and unabashed    and racists . " Greenblatt ’s statement is entirely false . Breitbart News Greenblatt  —   formerly an aide to President Barack Obama  —    " the premier website of the Alt Right " and has no associations with the     . Indeed , Greenblatt appeared to back off the " premier website " Greenblatt  —   formerly an aide to President Barack Obama  —    during a brief interview in November by Breitbart News’ Adelle Nazarian , while still claiming Breitbart was Breitbart " platform " for the   . Breitbart Following publicity over Greenblatt ’s claims about Breitbart and Bannon , the ADL Greenblatt  —   formerly an aide to President Barack Obama  —    a press release Breitbart , " We are not aware of any    statements from Bannon the ADL " That statement appeared at the bottom of a larger ADL piece titled " Stephen Bannon : Five Things to the ADL . "   Bannon also claimed that under Bannon , Breitbart News " a larger ADL piece titled "Stephen Bannon: Five Things to Know pieces about women , Bannon Breitbart and other groups . " The Omidyar Network funding the ADL ’s online command center , meanwhile , has the ADL Soros ’s Open Society on numerous projects and has given grants to third parties using the    Tides Foundation . Tides is one of the largest donors to    causes in the U. S. The    IFCN recently drafted a code of five principles for news websites to accept , and Facebook announced it will work with "   fact checking organizations " that are signatories The   IFCN the code of principles . Facebook says that if the " fact checking organizations " determine that a Facebook story is fake , it will get flagged as disputed and , according to the Facebook announcement a certain story " there will be a link to the corresponding article Facebook why . Stories that have been disputed may also appear lower in News Feed . " Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend Aaron Klein radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . With research by Aaron Klein Klein . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 