Union leaders and progressives are increasingly worried that President Donald Trump will bring a large number of    union members   —    and some union leaders   —    into President Donald Trump populist Republican Party , according to the New York Times . [ Some unions , even if traditionally Democratic , have aims that align with President Donald Trump stated priorities : building infrastructure , rewriting trade agreements , blocking an exodus of jobs . But union leaders are in many cases scrambling to get in step with members who responded to his    rhetoric   —    and to tap into that energy . The dynamic was on display earlier this week , when some employees at Boeing ’s South Carolina facilities , which Mr. Trump visited Friday , spoke of a rising feeling of empowerment tied to the president ’s posture and cited it as the president’s posture factor in their vote some employees at Boeing’s South Carolina facilities, which Mr. Trump visited Friday a union . ( The union vote failed . )    …       Progressives have groused that some    unions are willing to sell their souls some   unions a few thousand jobs . They say Progressives members who enthuse about the president ’s ostensible victories for workers , like his efforts the president’s ostensible victories for workers block the manufacturer Carrier from sending jobs to Mexico from Indiana , are utterly blinkered . "   economics dressed in populist garb is still    economics , " wrote Robert B. Reich , labor secretary under President Bill Clinton . In November , Trump won large slices of support from the unions membership , especially among the skilled workers in the industries that stand to gain from Trump ’s Trump Buy American , Hire American platform . For example , a union leader with the Communications Workers of America estimated Trump won Trump from a third of the union ’s members .   That ’s great for Trump ’s Trump score , but it also That heartburn for the GOP ’s Chamber of Commerce wing , which is pushing hard for " right to work " laws that reduce the union the union’s are still pushing for    rules with    foreign producers . Read the New York Times article here .      
 