A new survey by Pew Research Center shows a stark divide between what Republicans and Democrats think of the media and A new survey by Pew Research Center role as a watchdog of the federal government . [ The two sides " now disagree more than ever on a fundamental issue of the news media ’s role in society : whether news organizations’ criticism of political leaders primarily keeps political leaders from doing things political leaders should n’t   —    or keeps political leaders from doing political leaders job , " Pew reported about Pew survey .   Nine of 10 Democrats   —    or 89 percent   —    said the news media criticism keeps politicians in line , while only one in four Republicans assess the media that way . " That is a     gap , according to a new online survey conducted March    2017 , among 4 , 151 U. S. adults who are members of Pew Research Center ’s nationally representative American Trends Panel , " Pew reported . Pew noted that this gap is much different than opinions of the media at the start of the 2016 presidential election year , when both parties assessed the media ’s job as holding politicians accountable   —    74 percent of Democrats and 77 percent of Republicans . Pew has been asking this question since 1985 , noting " while Republicans have been more likely to support a watchdog role during Democratic presidencies and vice versa , the distance between both parties has never approached the    gap that exists today . " Until now the widest gap between Democrats and Republicans happened during the George W. Bush administration , when Democrats were 28 points more supportive of the watchdog role of the media than Republicans . Some changes in survey results could be related to the difference in people ’s response to online surveys compared with previous surveys done by telephone , but " even taking possible mode effects into account , though , this year ’s difference is so stark that it this year still be the largest gap in the center ’s polling on this question . " Though not as dramatic a split , the two parties are also divided on whether the media favors one side in its the media coverage , on how much trust they the two parties in national news media , and whether or not national news organizations are doing a good job of keeping them not national news organizations . After Trump won the 2016 election , Pew surveyed voters about what news source they voters on and found : " When voters were asked to write in their voters main source’ for election news ,     Trump voters named Fox News . The next    main source among Trump Trump , CNN , was named by only 8 % of his Trump . " Clinton voters , however , did not coalesce around any one source . CNN CNN named more than any other , but at 18 % had nowhere near the dominance that Fox Fox News among Trump voters . Instead , the choices of Clinton voters Clinton more spread out . MSNBC , Facebook , local television news , NPR , ABC , The New York Times , and CBS were all named by between 5 % and 9 % of her voters . " 
 