Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly were joined by members of the Remembrance Project , a    dedicated to giving a voice to those killed by illegal aliens , at those killed by illegal aliens joint border security event Friday in San Diego . [ Sessions and Kelly joined Sen. Ron Johnson ( ) as they continued they joint tour of border communities to address the crisis in immigration enforcement . The two members of Trump ’s cabinet met privately with delegations including family members of those murdered by illegals and Remembrance Project leaders in recent months .   Maria Espinoza ,    and National Director of the Remembrance Project , was thrilled by the change in direction she heard at the press conference , telling Breitbart News : These joint press conference in indicative of the dedication and commitment America will enjoy with America ’s new era   —    the Trump Era !   We had the high honor of having separate and private meetings with U. S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly .   We went away knowing that We is in excellent hands , and we We encouraged to work with even more vigor to protect our We . Our We meeting with [ former Homeland Security Secretary ] Jeh Johnson and former Attorney General Holder was a stark contrast .   And that ’s a travesty .   But now , Americans are finally the priority in America ! Ruth    is what the Remembrance Project calls an " angel wife , " someone whose husband was killed by an illegal alien . Her Ruth    husband , Police Officer Don Johnston , was shot and paralyzed during a 1990 bank robbery and later died from his Her late husband, Police Officer Don Johnston . She Ruth    attended Friday ’s press conference . " The the Remembrance Project here in San Diego showing our full support , " she Ruth    Breitbart News . She Ruth    was encouraged by the change in leadership , adding : Illegal immigration is a serious issue in the State of California and many American families have lost loved ones to criminal acts committed by illegal aliens and refugees . Many families like mine have suffered in silence , but that is no longer the case with President Trump , AG Sessions and Secretary Kelly we now have a voice ! The joint press conference , the second Kelly and Sessions have held this week , is part of an effort to promote their measures to bring the    southern border under control . At the first conference in El Paso , for example , Kelly reconfirmed that Secretary Kelly border wall will be " essential . " Sessions , for his part , Secretary Kelly the process of withdrawing funds from    " sanctuary " jurisdictions like California . The Remembrance Project delegation , for one , is exuberant at the progress . " I am thrilled to pieces that finally , after eight long years , we finally have an administration that will enforce the law , " said Betty Robinson of Remembrance Project California . 
 California 