A number of iconic fashion designers are reportedly chomping at the bit for the chance to dress future First Lady Melania Trump for Inauguration Day . [ New York socialite and philanthropist and Trump family friend Jean Shafiroff , who sits on the Couture Council of The Museum at New York ’s Fashion Institute of Technology , took a poll to determine how interested designers were when asked their how interested designers on dressing Mrs. Trump .   Shafiroff told the New York Post that Zac Posen , B. Michael America , Victor de Souza , and Zang Toi are among the designers who say they B. Michael America, Victor de Souza, and Zang Toi be willing to dress the First Lady   . " Any designer who dresses her will get enormous press , " Shafiroff Shafiroff the outlet . The news comes after several    designers , including Tom Ford and Marc Jacobs , publicly declined to design clothing for Mrs. Trump . " ‘ I have no interest whatsoever in dressing Melania Trump , " Jacobs Marc Jacobs WWD in November . Shortly after Trump Mrs. Trump victory in November November designer Sophie Theallet urged her Sophie Theallet in the fashion world not to design clothing for or associate with the new First Lady in any way . " The rhetoric of racism , sexism , and xenophobia unleashed by her husband ’s presidential campaign are incompatible with the shared values we live by . I encourage my fellow designers to do the same , " she her . Designer Stefano Gabbana ,    of fashion house Dolce   Gabbana , has proudly posted photos on his Instagram of Mrs. Trump wearing his his . The photos on his Instagram of Mrs. Trump a stir on social media , and Gabbana fired back at critics threatening to boycott his designs . " How many stupid and ignorant people r on Instagram ! ! ! " Gabbana wrote Gabbana in one of several comments taking aim at the negative posters . " Please if you do n’t like my post unfollow me   …      thank you . " Last month , designer Calvin Klein said " of course " he would designer Calvin Klein Melania Trump . " She ’s designer Calvin Klein , " the designer designer Calvin Klein .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 