No more Mr. Nice Guy . [ Attorney General Jeff Sessions came out swinging Tuesday , blasting his former colleagues in the U. S. Senate for their sham investigation into these loony accusations that somehow Attorney General Jeff Sessions conspired with Russians to rig last year ’s election .   The Attorney General Jeff Sessions Sen. Al Franken , current Minnesota Democrat and former " comedian , " for his " rambling " Mr. Franken during Mr. Sessions’ January confirmation hearings that sparked a feeding frenzy among Democratic dodo birds desperate to find the slenderest reed of a connection between Russia and anyone who has ever supported President Trump . With precision and accuracy Tuesday , Mr. Sessions noted how Mr. Franken had larded his question with bamboozling Mr. Franken about " compromising personal information " the Russians had supposedly collected about Mr. Trump . The President Trump Night Live Mr. Franken continuing exchange of information during the campaign between Trump surrogates and intermediaries for President Trump Russian government . " Finally , Mr. Franken got down to his question : What would Mr. Sessions do   —    as Mr. Franken general   —    if evidence ever actually surfaced suggesting that the Trump campaign really had conspired President Trump the Russian government to rig the American election . Blindsided , yet the Russian government be forthcoming and truthful , Mr. Sessions simply answered that he was not aware of any such conspiracy . Mr. Sessions confirmation Mr. Franken , Mr. Sessions answered Mr. Franken ’s question truthfully Mr. Franken accurately . Ironically , it was Mr. Sessions Mr. Franken ’s question that has since been proven utterly false or entirely unfounded Mr. Franken ’s testimony , Mr. Sessions excoriated   —    in a voice that appeared quavering with anger at times   —    those Mr. Sessions knowingly distorting plain and simple events into this vast web of conspiracy . " The suggestion that I participated in any collusion or that I was aware of any collusion with the Russian government to hurt this country , which I have served with honor for over 35 years , or to undermine the integrity of our democratic process , is an appalling and detestable lie , " he said , looking sharply at the senators he worked alongside for the past two decades . He also reminded the committee that   —    despite the unrelenting he by Democrats and the media   —    he attorney general NEVER recused himself from the    investigation because of some phantom ties he had to Russia , but rather because he was part the attorney general Mr. Trump ’s presidential campaign . Defiantly adding this the attorney general " I recused myself from any investigation the attorney general the campaigns for president , but I did not recuse myself from defending my honor against scurrilous and false accusations . " Mr. Sessions even went so far as to gently myself his former colleagues for focusing on such petty , political and trivial nonsense at a time when far more pressing matters Mr. Sessions be occupying their full attention . " Just last week , it was reported that overdose deaths in this country are rising faster far more pressing matters ever recorded , " he said . " The murder rate is up over 10 percent   —    the largest increase since 1968 . Mr. Sessions Yet , there they were . Democrats and Republicans , alike , united in bipartisan investigation into Russians under every bed and around every corner and a hopeless , slobbering media chasing wildly after every last unfounded accusation . In a reminder to Democrats on the committee why political neophyte Donald Trump beat their veteran candidate in last year ’s election , Mr. Sessions pointed out that yet again Congress has abandoned the American Democrats . " The president wants to focus on the people of this country to ensure they are treated fairly and kept safe , Donald Trump said . " The Trump agenda is to improve the lives of the people of this country American people . I know some have other Donald Trump but that is political neophyte Donald Trump agenda and it is one I share . the American people those in Congress had the political instincts or noble statesmanship Donald Trump President The Trump agenda we just The Trump agenda get something done around here . Charles Hurt can be reached at churt@washingtontimes . com and on Twitter by @charleshurt . 
 