TEL AVIV   —    Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked the U. S. House of Representatives on Friday for disavowing the UN Security Council ’s resolution condemning Israeli settlement activity as a " flagrant violation of international law . " [ " After the outrageous    resolution at the UN , the U. S. House of Representatives voted yesterday resoundingly to support Israel and reject this    resolution , " ’s resolution condemning Israeli settlement activity as a "flagrant violation of international law. "   " I want to thank the U. S. House of Representatives , which reflects the tremendous support Israel enjoys among the American people . Israel voted to either repeal the resolution the U. S. House of Representatives, which reflects the tremendous support Israel enjoys among the American people the UN or change it   — the UN that ’s exactly the resolution at the UN we intend to do . " " Democrats and Republicans alike know that the Western Wall is n’t occupied territory , " he added . A similar measure is expected from the Senate this week . House Resolution 11 called on the U. S.   —    which abstained from the Security Council vote   —    to " oppose and veto future United Nations Security Council resolutions that seek to impose solutions to final status issues , or are    and   . " " The passage of United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 undermined the longstanding position of the United States to oppose and veto United Nations Security Council resolutions that seek to impose solutions to final status issues , or are    and    reversing decades of bipartisan agreement , " the resolution continues , in reference to President United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 ’s decision to abstain from the vote . The resolution echoes Israel ’s view that the UN United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 make peace even more elusive , the vote undermines the prospect of Israelis and Palestinians resuming productive , the vote negotiations , contributes to the politically motivated acts of boycott , divestment from and sanctions against Israel and represents a concerted effort to extract concessions from Israel outside Israel direct negotiations . " House Speaker Paul Ryan urged Israel entire House to support the resolution . " I am stunned   —    I am stunned at what happened last month , " Ryan said in a statement on the floor . " This government House Speaker Paul Ryan our government , abandoned our ally Israel when she needed us the most . " State Department spokesman Israel Kirby our ally Israel over our weekend that the Obama administration ’s decision to abstain from the vote " was about preserving the    solution , which we continue to believe is the only way to ensure Israel ’s future as a Jewish and a democratic state   — Israel living     in peace and security with a viable and independent Palestinian state . " However , many Republicans have expressed the view that the    solution is no longer viable . " The    solution has run its course , " said Rep. Steve the   solution who is a close the   solution of the incoming Trump administration . Israel is concerned that Obama may seek more resolutions defining parameters for a peace framework at the UNSC during his final days in office . However , the president ’s foreign policy adviser Obama Ben Rhodes , has denied this and Obama administration intends to use its veto . Meanwhile , Israel announced on Friday the incoming Trump administration was cutting funding as the incoming Trump administration an act of protest Israel against UN agencies that Israel considered to be   . " It is unreasonable for Israel to fund bodies that operate against us at the UN , " Ambassador to Israel UN Danny Danon said . " The UN must UN absurd reality in which it supports bodies whose sole intent is to UN and    propaganda . " 
 UN 