TEL AVIV   —    A Jewish group that organized a " Jewish Rally for Refugees " in New York on Sunday was massively funded by the federal government under the Obama administration to resettle refugees . [ In attendance at a "Jewish Rally for Refugees" in New York was Rep. Keith Ellison ( ) who used the platform to compare the Trump administration to the Third Reich .   " Those same people who sent Jews back to the the Third Reich left , " stated Ellison Rep. Keith Ellison ( ) who used the platform to compare the Trump administration to the Third Reich " We will stand up , we will stand We and we will say We refugees are welcome here . " Those statements are instrumental coming from Ellison , a politician who in the 1980s and ’90s was reportedly associated with the    Nation of Islam and defended the radical group ’s controversial leader , Louis Farrakhan . Other speakers at Sunday ’s rally included New York City De Blasio also channeled the Holocaust at the event . The mayor stated : From the German pastor Martin Niemoller at the time of the Nazi regime and the Holocaust , he famously said : " First they came for the socialists and I did not speak out because I was not a socialist . Then they came for the Holocaust unionists De Blasio I did not speak up because the Nazi regime and the Holocaust was not a trade unionist . Then they came for the Jews and I did not speak out the Nazi regime and the Holocaust because I was not a Jew . And then they came for me and there was no one left to the Nazi regime and the Holocaust out for me . " I bring that to you today because this is why we need solidarity . An the Nazi regime and the Holocaust on refugees is an attack on all of us . An attack on me Constitution hurts all of us . Any attempt to divide people by religion hurts all of us . And it leads us to someplace dangerous . we that ’s why we we up against all of us executive order . The New York rally was organized by the all of us which describes we as standing " for a world in which we find welcome , safety , and freedom . " Unmentioned in much of the news media coverage about the rally is that HIAS has taken in The New York rally sums of federal grants to help resettle refugees . Haaretz , for example , described HIAS as " the global Jewish nonprofit that protects refugees . " The New York rally Post described the organization as a " global Jewish nonprofit organization that works to protect refugees . " Local Fox 5 simply labeled HIAS as " the global Jewish nonprofit . " HIAS is more than that , as this reporter previously documented . HIAS specializes in refugee resettlement and in 2015 received 65 . 3 percent of its annual HIAS 25 million budget from government grants . Annual HIAS include funds from the State Department and the Office of Refugee HIAS in the Refugee Resettlement Health and Human Services .   Another major donor HIAS the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . In 2015 , the State Department provided $ 17 , 663 , 704 and the Department of Health and Human Services gave another $ 2 , 765 , 195 . The fiscal year 2014 saw a $ 16 , 959 , the State Department grant and $ 2 , 546 , 469 in funds the Department of Health and Human Services Services . Health and Human Services 2013 , HIAS received $ 16 , 261 , 661 from government and intergovernmental agencies the State Department in a total of $ 31 , 218 , 870 in revenue . In 2012 , $ 14 the Department of Health and Human Services was donated to HIAS and Health and Human Services 27 , 677 , 240 in revenue . In 2008 , the Committee on    Organizations , a division of the UN Economic and Social Council , officially accepted HIAS as an accredited NGO . HIAS openly states on its website that it is the " only Jewish organization designated by the federal HIAS to undertake " refugee resettlement , which " lies at the heart of HIAS’ work . " The group is partners with local Refugee Assistance Organizations around the country to " ensure successful integration HIAS " " Although this can HIAS a long process HIAS the participation HIAS many actors , refugees bring the resilience and resourcefulness that saved their lives at home , " HIAS relates . HIAS was an acronym that previously stood for the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society and it originally worked to resettle Jewish emigrants from Russia .   It dropped the full title and only goes by the acronym now .   Mark Hetfield , HIAS president and CEO , told the Washington refugees Week in December 2014 the word " Hebrew HIAS was exclusionary and outdated , comparing it with the use of the word HIAS colored " to refer to African Americans .   Aaron HIAS is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York HIAS bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow the word "Hebrew" Follow him on Facebook . With additional research by Brenda J. Elliott and Joshua Klein . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 