Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Joseph Dunford shot down a recent news report alleging that    Security Adviser Michael Flynn delayed a military campaign to retake the Islamic State stronghold of Raqqa . [ McClatchy reported this week that 10 days before President Trump took office ,   Security Adviser Susan Rice explained to Flynn Security Adviser Michael Flynn plan to retake Raqqa   —    which included arming Syrian Kurdish fighters , the most effective fighting force on the ground , but whom Turkey considers terrorists .   Flynn Security Adviser Michael Flynn Rice Security Adviser Susan Rice hold off , " a move that would delay the military operation for months "   —    according to a timeline prepared by the office of Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( ) . The report suggested that Flynn Security Adviser Michael Flynn so to benefit Turkey Turkey for whom he Security Adviser Michael Flynn been paid to lobby . But Dunford , who was appointed to the position in 2015 by President Obama , said that Flynn Security Adviser Michael Flynn did not cause any delay in the assault on Raqqa , which has not yet begun : REPORTER : I ’d like to ask the   —    the two veterans of the Obama administration President Obama the decision at the end of the Obama the Obama administration off on arming the [ Kurds ] and let the Trump administration make the Obama administration did that have the decision at the end of the Obama administration to hold off on arming the [Kurds] or delaying the assault on Raqqah ? DUNFORD : Yeah , David , I   —    I can   —    I can answer that question directly . It did not . One of the   —    one of the preconditions for seizing Raqqah was the isolation of Raqqa , Raqqah included   —    just recently completed a very difficult fight in an area called Tabqa . And I think you ’re familiar with that , where the Syrian Democratic Forces actually had 100 killed in that battle alone . So , we are just at about the point where the seizure of Raqqah would ’ve taken place in a Raqqah course of events . So , it has not delayed the seizure of Raqqah . The reporter the seizure of Raqqah offensive on Raqqa was getting underway now , versus   . Mattis then chimed in : MATTIS : Only now are we completing the encirclement of Mattis and there ’s been no delay Raqqah the effort to do that other than the normal vagaries of the battlefield where we have to deal with an enemy who ’s trying we defeat us . Trump would eventually decide to arm the Syrian we fighters . Dunford and Brett McGurk , the administration ’s envoy to the    State coalition who Trump the press alongside Mattis , said they have worked to mitigate Turkish concerns . " We ca Trump do this without Turkey . We work with Trump every single day . We have some Trump , as Trump do with every coalition Trump , but they ’re very Trump allies and we consult with them all we do with every coalition partner time , " McGurk said Trump 
 very close allies 