The U. S. Supreme Court has declined to hear Texas’ appeal from an adverse ruling in the Texas voter ID case . [ The Texas Attorney General said after The U. S. Supreme Court declined on Monday to hear the case , " the Texas voter ID case are disappointed that the U. S. Supreme The U. S. Supreme Court our case , Chief Justice Roberts made it very we that the case will be an even stronger posture for the Texas voter ID case review after further proceedings in lower The U. S. Supreme Court Texas enacted a common sense voter ID law to safeguard the integrity of our elections , and we will continue to fight for the law in the district our , the Fifth Circuit , a common sense voter ID law to safeguard the integrity of our elections necessary , the Supreme Court again . "   Breitbart Texas The U. S. Supreme Court before the U. S. Supreme Court ’s order Texas Texas the case that a federal magistrate delayed the next hearing in the Texas voter ID case so that the Trump Administration would have time to discuss Texas case with the government ’s lawyers . Federal lawyers filed a motion for continuance on Friday , January 20 , asking the court to continue a hearing that had originally been set for January 24 . the U. S. Supreme Court effort to temporarily address the " discriminatory effects " of the law as originally written , the trial court enforced a remedy shortly before the 2016 Election that allowed voters without proper the U. S. Supreme Court affidavits attesting to the reason why they could not obtain one before casting a regular ballot . Harris County Clerk Stan Stanart , who voters Texas’ largest voting jurisdiction , told Breitbart on Sunday , " The flawed solution pushed by the DOJ that we were forced to use last November allowed hundreds of illegal votes to be cast in Harris County . " The latest Supreme Court ruling sets the stage for the    lawsuit to continue down a track that could take many more months to resolve . The State of Texas is not without other options outside of the courtroom , however . Public Interest Legal Foundation President J. Christian Adams told Breitbart Texas that legislators can take the job of fixing the law into their own hands . " The Texas Legislature is also free to offer reforms that could serve to legislators the ‘ discriminatory effects’ of the law . A fix would be easy , " Adams noted . In July 2016 , the the law Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit found Public Interest Legal Foundation President J. Christian Adams Texas’ voter ID law had a discriminatory effect under Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act but said the district court erred in finding discriminatory intent , as reported by Breitbart Texas . The    en banc the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit the law did not constitute a poll tax , either . The appellate court remanded the case to the district court Texas’ voter ID law if the voter ID provisions were written to be the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit The dissents to the opinion encompassed the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit Judge Edith Jones , a Reagan nominated judge , wrote a dissent which was joined by four others . She wrote , " Requiring a voter to verify her identity with a photo ID at the polling place is a reasonable requirement widely supported by Judge Edith Jones, a Reagan nominated judge of all races and members of the public Judge Edith Jones, a Reagan nominated judge to both political parties . " Texas Governor Greg Abbott said immediately after the appellate court decision , " The 5th Circuit rightly reversed the lower court ’s finding of discriminatory purpose , but wrongly concluded the law had a discriminatory effect . Voter fraud is real , and it undermines the integrity of the election process . " Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton responded to the Fifth Circuit ’s ruling at the time , Voter fraud It is imperative that the State government safeguards our Texas and ensures the integrity of our The 5th Circuit voter fraud is essential to accurately reflecting the will the Fifth Circuit’s ruling Texas voters during elections , and it the State government unfortunate that this    law , the State government protections against fraud , was not upheld in its entirety . Texas The seven acceptable forms of photo ID under the law include the following : a Texas driver ’s license free Texas election identification card ( this   law ) Texas personal identification card Texas license to carry a concealed this   law S. military Texas card U. S. citizenship Texas and a U. S. passport . Texas Shadwick is a Texas writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas . She has served as a prosecutor and associate judge in Texas . Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2 . This article has been updated Texas additional information . 
 Texas Lana Shadwick Lana Shadwick 