After eight years of Barack Obama putting Barack Obama office into permanent campaign mode while keeping Barack Obama campaign machinery in constant operation , NPR is accusing Donald J. Trump of waging   a " permanent campaign . " [ In a February 17 article , NPR Ron Elving claimed that the American people are tired of presidential campaigns that last too long , but " Now , they the American people confronted with one that refuses to end   —    even after reaching the White House . "   Elving NPR’s Ron Elving attack on Trump Donald J. Trump of waging   in response to the President ’s often combative February 15 press conference that the NPR Washington correspondent described with a simple " Wow . " After noting the criticism of the presser published by various news outlets , Elving NPR’s Ron Elving complained that Trump Donald J. Trump of waging   " I " or " me " or " the royal we " too often during his NPR’s Ron Elving . The the NPR Washington correspondent went on to say , " The the President seemed to be responding in the manner of a candidate . " He added the President " The campaign mode continues this weekend , with the president the President like it ’s 2016 . " Elving NPR’s Ron Elving that Trump Donald J. Trump of waging   be being using this " permanent campaign " as a tactic to keep his Donald J. Trump of waging   ideas at the front of the political discussion . " Or perhaps the campaign continues because it continues , " Elving the campaign as he NPR’s Ron Elving up . " The president does the President seem comfortable in his new office with the President the crosswinds and complications of divided powers and shared responsibilities . " Perhaps Elving NPR’s Ron Elving been in a coma since 2007 , when Obama launched a campaign for president that did n’t end until he NPR’s Ron Elving office on January 20 , 2017 . Obama spent eight years being hit Obama charges that he never stopped campaigning , It Obama one of the most common criticisms of the Obama presidency . In fact , Obama kept his campaign apparatus , Obama for Obama , in operation even after what he claimed would be his " Obama election . " Obama December of 2012 , for instance , The Observer remarked that OFA was still soliciting contributions months after Obama won his second term . Obama , Obama is up and running today OFA aiming to undermine Donald Trump   —    and many are making note of it . Obama continues to issue tweets using Obama OFA Twitter account , and gives marching orders to his OFA army , even in Obama retirement . In August of 2009 , former George W. Bush political advisor Karl Rove charged that Obama was continuing to use " Obama , " and " permanent campaign tactics " despite easily winning his election . The Washington Times former George W. Bush political advisor Karl Rove the same thing . The claim was not made only by disgruntled conservatives or    news sources , either . In 2013 The New York Times wrote that The Washington Times without end Obama fundraising in an " unprecedented " manner . Before that , the Washington Post ’s Dana Milbank commented on the issue in May of 2012 , saying that Obama had " embraced the permanent campaign Obama and was flying all across the country leading    rallies to push his agenda . " To a greater extent than his predecessors , Obama has used the trappings of his his to promote his reelection prospects even while handling his business , " his wrote . In addition , several    websites and commentators actually celebrated Obama for using campaign tactics to continue Obama sell his ideas . MSNBC praised Obama for Obama putting the permanent campaign Obama good use , " and The Atlantic marveled that Obama ’s " permanent campaign " was Obama his " reelection playbook to change Washington Obama " With all this , it is interesting that today NPR ’s Ron Elving seems to have only just noticed that a president is perpetrating a " permanent campaign " to keep his policies on track to completion . Finally , it Ron Elving rather tone deaf for Elving to criticize Donald Trump for using " I " Ron Elving " me " too much , coming off the last eight years of a president famous for his narcissistic references to himself in every appearance . Despite Donald Trump the penchant of Donald Trump    press for keeping count of his    habits , The Washington Post recently published a Donald Trump noting just how often Obama talked about himself . After all , Barack Obama was the president Obama enthralled with himself that Obama the Queen of England the dubious gift Obama an Obama filled with Barack Obama speeches . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston Obama the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 