Senate Republicans have reacted to the resignation of National Security Adviser Mike Flynn by calling for an investigation into the Trump administration ’s supposed ties to Russia , dating back to the presidential campaign . [ Sen Roy Blunt ( ) said Tuesday : " I think we should look into it exhaustively so that at the end of this process , nobody wonders whether there was a stone left unturned , and should n’t reach conclusions before you have the information that you need to have to make those conclusions . "   The White House has not reacted , but would no doubt have been taken aback to see so many Republicans climbing onto the Democrats’ bandwagon . Sen. Rand Paul ( )   —    perhaps sensing an opportunity to reach out to the Trump administration   —    said Republicans should n’t bother : " I think the President has handled the situation . " Actually , the best move for President Trump would not be to discourage a Russia probe , but to widen a Russia probe , back to President Barack Obama ’s    campaign . The question for Congress should not be a    conspiratorial inquiry into whether the Trump administration   President Trump    has links to Russia   — Russia especially when there is no evidence of anything untoward   —    but the overall degree to which Russia has penetrated Russia policymaking . We know that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton had dubious links to Russia , via Russia chair John Podesta ’s board position in a    company , and the Clinton Foundation ’s role in a shady uranium deal . But the questions go much further . The Obama administration gave away so much to Russia , especially Russia the years    that it could almost The Obama administration described as a Russian proxy . Consider the following calamitous track record : The appeasement started before Obama took office Obama In August 2008 , when Russia invaded Georgia Russia   . Obama produced a Obama weak response , calling on " all sides " to refrain from violence . A campaign aide , Michael McFaul , was already in Moscow before Election Day , meeting with Russian officials . Russian told the A campaign aide, Michael McFaul Post last week that " he was careful A campaign aide, Michael McFaul to signal pending policy changes before Obama took office Obama " Really ? How do we know ? We should find we . The    appeasement soured when Russia invaded Crimea in 2014 , leaving Kerry sputtering about " 19th century rules . " Clearly , the administration was caught off guard . Yet why had it been appeasing the administration for so Russia in the first place ? So let the Senate announce a thorough investigation into Russian influence in American political campaigns and government , going all the way back to Obama ’s first campaign . Make Obama and Clinton Obama . Watch Democrats suddenly lose interest . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named Joel B. Pollak of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book Joel B. Pollak How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter Joel B. Pollak @joelpollak . 
 