Remnants of both vanquished American political empires , the Bushes and the Clintons , will attend    Donald J. Trump ’s official swearing in as the next president of the United States , a major symbolic victory for the outsider and billionaire businessman who crushed both of them on Donald J. Trump way to the White House . [ Bill and Hillary Clinton —   the former president and first lady , the latter of whom was Donald J. Trump general election opponent on Nov. 8 —   will attend the inauguration , according to a report in New York Magazine .   " Bill Bill and Hillary Clinton decided Hillary Clinton the inauguration of Donald Trump the inauguration the United States , according to two sources with knowledge of their plans , " Bill and Hillary Clinton York Magazine ’s Yashar Ali wrote , adding New York Magazine short piece on Tuesday afternoon : NEW : Pres . Yashar Ali W. Bush   wife will attend " New York Magazine inauguration say they ’re pleased to " witness the peaceful transfer of power "   —    Hallie Jackson ( @HallieJackson ) January 3 , 2017 ,   Former President Jimmy Carter , the failed Democratic president from the 1970s , will also be present —   as will outgoing President Barack Obama , who will officially transfer power to Trump on Jan. 20 . It ’s unclear whether former President George H. Donald Trump’s Bush , the elder Bush who succeeded the late former President Ronald Reagan , will attend . The elder Bush ’s health has been an issue as of late . But the fact that both the Bushes and the Clintons will be present at Trump ’s inauguration is a stunning development , as Trump ’s meteoric rise to the White House went through both dynasties . Trump’s GOP primaries , Trump mocked and ridiculed George W. Bush ’s younger brother former Florida Gov. Jeb Trump’s —   at the time the presumed GOP frontrunner who had millions upon millions of donor class dollars funneled into his campaign —   as " low energy . " Trump ripped Jeb Bush George W. Bush , and blew past the other GOP candidates on Trump’s way George W. Bush winning the nomination to face off against GOP Clinton in Trump’s general election . There , in the general election , Trump described Clinton as " Crooked Hillary " and even called the general election Trump’s at one Hillary Clinton . He threatened to throw her in jail for her email scandal and her Clinton Trump’s scandal —   something that still "Heartless Hillary n’t been ruled "Heartless Hillary in the future "Heartless Hillary   as well as running one of the most vicious campaigns in American political history . He proved to be successful , winning a landslide 30 and a half states Trump’s 306 electoral votes on Nov. 8 —   officially closing the chapter of U. S. history where Americans had dynasties like the Bushes and the Clintons . Trump ’s populist nationalist worldview once and for all defeated the globalist elitist Bushes and Clintons , and now they will witness him officially take power on Jan. 20 as Trump —   the    person the globalist elitist Bushes and Clintons be elected Trump the highest office in the land without Trump having served in government before —   takes the oath of office . 
 