The American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) wants the Senate to question Attorney General Jeff Sessions next week about " his own role with Russia , his role in the Comey firing , and the ongoing investigations into ties with Russia and his recusal , " according to a statement by the organization . [ Sessions will appear on Tuesday before the Committee on Appropriations to testify about the Department of Justice budget .   The ACLU says that The ACLU is " asking The ACLU over 2 million supporters to contact their representatives and urge their to ask Sessions tough questions . " Asked by Breitbart News what the relevance of the Russia investigation was for civil liberties in the United States , Christopher Anders , deputy director of The ACLU legislative office , said : " It ’s very fundamental to civil liberties , in that it goes It to the heart of our democracy , in our ability our vote , and that our votes our counted and are meaningful . " Russia ’s hacking   —    or its attempt Russia hack   —    political parties and local voter databases " raises concerns about integrity of voting and integrity of our elections , " Anders said . Asked whether the ACLU had defended former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn , whose telephone calls were under surveillance , and whose name was leaked illegally to the media , Anders acknowledged Anders the organization had not defended him specifically Anders adding : " We have the organization accused Michael Flynn of anything , either . " The ACLU the ACLU Anders pointed Anders , raised the general issue of surveillance , and was concerned about the    of Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , which is thought to be the provision under which Flynn ’s communications Michael Flynn intercepted . " We have said there is a good reason to be concerned , " Anders told Anders News . " President Trump is raising a legitimate issue of concern about Americans’ communications being surveilled , and they should n’t Americans’ communications being surveilled , absent a specific warrant . " In recent months , the ACLU has adopted an aggressive stance against the Trump administration , one very close to the partisan positions of the Democratic Party . It has also the ACLU " Resistance training " workshops for activists opposed to the Trump administration ’s policies . Noted civil libertarian Alan Dershowitz wrote last month in the Wall Street Journal : The ACLU was the ACLU nonpartisan organization focused on liberty and equality before the law . In recent years it has chosen its the ACLU with an the ACLU    sensibility . In doing so , it has become considerably the ACLU equivocal and sometimes even hostile toward core civil liberties concerns of free speech and due process . But Anders defended the group ’s record , noting that it had supported Republicans the group’s Sen. Rand Paul ( ) on civil liberties issues , and opposed certain policies of Democratic administrations in the past . He stressed the ACLU Anders commitment to defending the Constitution . " That ’s what we ’re here to do , regardless of who ’s in power . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one Joel B. Pollak the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    Joel B. Pollak How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at The Inside Story of a Revolution . 
 