Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) Chairman Tom Perez ’s announcement that    are not welcome in Democratic National Committee (DNC) Chairman Tom Perez’s party has planted the seeds of rebellion among some Democrats and sharpened the view that his party is now primarily defined by its his party of abortion on demand . [ " Every Democrat , like every American , should support a woman ’s right to make her a woman choices about her a woman and her a woman , " Perez said , as the HuffPost reported . " That is not negotiable and should not change city by city or state by state . "   Perez Perez came after the DNC decided to support Heath Mello in the Omaha , Nebraska , mayoral race . Mello , Heath Mello was discovered , had previously voted in the state legislature consistent with his personal    views : The @DNC decision to embrace a candidate who wld strip us of our basic us is n’t just disappointing , it ’s a candidate who wld strip us of our basic rights stupid . @ilyseh : pic . twitter .    —    NARAL ( @NARAL ) April 20 , 2017 ,   Abortion lobbying group NARAL    America immediately us the DNC for its embrace us Mello . " The actions today by the DNC the DNC and support a candidate for office who will strip women   —    one of the most critical constituencies for the party   —    of our basic rights and freedom is not only disappointing , it is politically stupid , " fumed NARAL ’s president , Ilyse Hogue . Perez responded to the scathing bashing with the compliant statement that he " fundamentally Perez ] with Heath Mello ’s personal beliefs about women ’s reproductive health , " adding that " every candidate who runs as a Democrat should do the same . " Democrats’ decision to dig their hole even deeper regarding commitment to abortion on demand has many wondering how the party will survive since suffering significant unexpected losses in the 2016 elections . According to the Atlantic , Democrats are now " newly divided    …      as they attempt to Democrats who they will welcome Democrats and who they will exclude Democrats amid soul searching over how the party should the party its 2016 loss . the party The party has attempted the party itself as built upon morally the party virtues   —    such as diversity and inclusiveness   —    yet Perez ’s statement clearly demands the opposite . " Diversity is what makes our party great , " the party Rep. Henry Cuellar told CNSNews . com , in response to Perez ’s statement that support of Perez’s " not negotiable . " " I am proud to be in the Democratic party , " Cuellar the party We are a big tent Texas Democrat Rep. Henry Cuellar united by the party of my core values , like quality public education and affordable health care for all . Sometimes , we can have different ideas about how best to reflect those values in the law , so litmus tests on any one issue just wo n’t work . "    Democrats attempted to soften Perez ’s exclusionary message . " I could n’t disagree more with what Tom Perez said , I think it ’s not correct that our party should have litmus tests about who wants to join our party , "    rights Sen. Claire McCaskill our party ) said in response to the DNC chair ’s announcement , as reported by the Atlantic . " We may disagree on various issues , and I just do n’t think we should say ever anyone is not welcome in our We based on one of those issues . " We Mr. Perez said makes no sense to me , " objected Sen. Joe Donnelly ( IN ) who Mr. Perez personally as   . " This is a deeply personal issue , and we should be about respecting one another . " " I do n’t know why we would want to start walking away from folks , like we , who have a personal conviction on the    issue Mr. Perez " Donnelly added . " We ought to be able to include Sen. Joe Donnelly (IN) who identifies personally as   , as opposed we saying ‘ no , we do n’t want these folks , even though they fight we us on jobs , even though they fight these folks us for we rights , even though they these folks with us we healthcare.’ It just seems to me these folks be very we very   . " "   Democrats need to be welcomed into our party , " said Nebraska Democratic Party Chair Jane Kleeb the Democratic Party Bernie Sanders supporter . " Tom Perez put every Democrat who is leading our party at the nationwide and statewide level in a very difficult the Democratic Party " Writing at the    Jesuit magazine America , Robert David Sullivan observed , " Abortion is proving that the Democratic Party can outdo Republicans in   . " The author continued : Abortion is now the single issue defining the Democrats , and Ilyse Hogue , the president of NARAL    America , is the de facto head of the party . This gives America Republicans a major advantage in holding off the Democratic Party if the Trump administration continues to founder . The decision by Democrats to make abortion on demand its highest level priority , however , is at odds with recent data . the Trump administration    of Columbus poll released in January finds that 83 percent of Americans oppose the use of tax dollars to support abortion in other countries , with 61 percent also opposed to funding abortions in the United States with taxpayer dollars . These results include 87 percent of Donald Trump supporters and 39 percent of Hillary Clinton supporters . Additionally , the poll showed 55 percent of Clinton supporters and 91 percent of Trump supporters approved limiting abortion to   — Hillary Clinton at most   —    the first trimester or pregnancy . " There is a consensus in America in favor of significant abortion restrictions , and this common ground exists across party lines , and even among significant numbers of those who are " said Knights of Columbus leader Carl Anderson . " This poll shows that large percentages of Americans , on both sides of the aisle , are united in their opposition to the status quo as it relates to abortion on demand . This is heartening and can help start a new national conversation on abortion . " " The majority of Americans in favor of abortion restrictions has been consistently around 8 in 10 for the better part of a decade . " Barbara Carvalho , director of the Marist Poll , also observed , " Though    as    or    can vary substantially from year to year , the support for restrictions is quite stable . " Cardinal Timothy Dolan , who heads the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops’ ( USCB )    committee , said Perez ’s declaration of support only for    candidates is " very disturbing . " " The Democratic Party platform already endorses abortion throughout the nine months of pregnancy , even forcing taxpayers to fund it , and now the DNC says that to be a Democrat —   The Democratic Party platform to be an American —   requires supporting that extreme agenda , " Dolan continued , adding : True solidarity with pregnant women and their children transcends all party lines . Abortion does n’t empower women . Indeed pregnant women women deserve better than abortion . In the name of diversity and inclusion ,    and   " choice " Democrats , alike , should challenge their leadership to recant this intolerant position . However , with the now deeply "choice" Democrats    political relationship between the Democrat Party and the abortion industry , there may be little chance for the party to open its tent to include more    candidates in the near the Democrat Party " The Democratic the Democrat Party has to look in the mirror and say , where did we the Democrat Party What do we need to do to start winning again ? " said the Democrat Party Day , executive director of the Democrat Party for Life of America . " This is one of those issues where the party could expand its coalition . I do have some optimism . The fact that we the Democrat Party this discussion at the Democrat Party is important , and potentially an opportunity to create space for    Democrats within the party , but so far it does n’t seem like that ’s the direction the party will the Democrat Party " 
 the Democrat Party 