When President Obama came into office in 2009 , President Obama held commanding majorities in both houses of Congress . By the time he President Obama , they had hemorrhaged dozens of House and Senate seats , and nearly 1 , 000 seats in State houses around the country . Obama may have beat Romney in 2012 , but voters were sending a clear message about which party they voters passing the laws . [ Still , Obama Obama no intention of " waiting for legislation " when it came to his Obama . " I ’ve got a pen and I ’ve got a phone , " he Obama .   Ignoring the fact that gridlock between the executive and legislative branches is not a defect in America ’s government , but an essential component , Obama Obama the elected representatives of the people would be no match for his Obama orders . Certainly , the executive order is a legitimate constitutional tool at the president ’s disposal . Presidents frequently use them Presidents direct federal departments , and to implement Congressional statutes . Few criticized Obama Obama use of executive orders , or even the number he issued . The problem was always their brazen unconstitutionality . Take for example Obama ’s Obama on immigration . Congress had been debating " comprehensive immigration reform " ad nauseam for decades , with attempts to pass major legislation failing in 2007 , and again in 2013 . Growing restless , Obama issued an Obama order in 2014 that would have delayed deportations of 5 million illegal immigrants .    states filed for injunction , arguing that the order violated an executive order in 2014 that would have delayed deportations of 5 million illegal immigrants Procedures Act . The Supreme Court would deadlock    effectively blocking Obama    executive Obama But the issue raised before the Court was telling . The Supreme Court the first time in American history , the Supreme Court reviewed whether a The Supreme Court the Take Care Clause of the Constitution . Article II , section 3 , reads in part that the president " shall take Care that the the President faithfully executed . " The obscure clause serves as a bulwark against monarchical suspensions of law , while imposing on the President an affirmative duty of faithful execution of the law . Despite campaigning on reversing President Bush law of " trying to bring more and more power into the executive branch and not go through Congress , " it appeared Obama was issuing orders in lieu of legislation . Curiously , now that Obama is no longer president , the left is once Obama interested in executive overreach . In his first few days in office , President Trump fired off a barrage of executive orders . But while Trump ’s orders are worthy of debate as matters of President Trump , they so far have not created new law . Yet , Trump’s orders have been apoplectic . When Trump issued a temporary freeze on travel from seven Middle East President Trump , protesters rushed to the airports to stop this " Muslim ban . " Where were these people when Obama was openly writing his own laws ? Trump ’s order broadly restricts citizens of Obama , Iran , President Trump , Yemen , Sudan , Somalia , and Libya from entering the U. S. for the next 90 days , and suspends all refugees for 120 days . It was the Obama administration that first identified these countries as areas of terrorist " concern . " In 2015 , the administration required persons who had travelled to these countries in the Obama administration that first identified these countries as areas of terrorist "concern 4 years to apply for a visa these countries the United States . Obama also blocked Iraqi refugees for six months in 2011 , Obama discovering Al Qaeda terrorists living as refugees in Kentucky . Trump ’s restrictions are certainly broader than Obama ’s visa restrictions , and many criticized Trump ’s order Obama applied to permanent U. S. residents holding green cards Trump’s that is a question of policy , not constitutionality . For one , the order says nothing about banning Muslims , and it affects the same seven    Trump’s order Obama ’s visa restrictions . It does not Trump’s order    other    Obama . If Trump ’s order singling out these Trump’s order countries amounts to religious discrimination , then so did Obama ’s visa restrictions . other   countries order religiously discriminates because Obama prioritizes refugees of Obama’s religion . But prioritizing classes of refugees is n’t a novel policy . the order 2015 , the Obama administration declared its preference for refugees " deemed to be the Obama vulnerable , " including minorities , " whether that the Obama administration a racial minority or an ethnic minority or a religious minority , or even    …      an LGBT person . " Moreover , the Immigration and Nationality Act expressly authorizes the president to suspend immigration in furtherance of public safety , or national security . Indeed , national security policy is indisputably within the president ’s constitutional authority . In the order , Trump cites national security for these temporary restrictions . As a matter of fact , Obama cited national security when he placed restrictions on visas for these same countries , and when he halted Iraqi refugees . So did Obama Carter in 1980 , when he restricted visas to Iranians . Obama did several other presidents in the numerous other times immigration restrictions were Obama on specific countries . Last Friday , U. S. District Judge James Robart issued a nationwide injunction against the ban . In his brief ruling , Judge Robart does not address any constitutional issues , and merely finds that the State U. S. District Judge James Robart Washington met its U. S. District Judge James Robart U. S. District Judge James Robart Yet , on the same day , a federal judge in Boston reached the exact opposite the State of Washington , ruling against the ACLU ’s similar attempt to block the travel ban . Robart ’s nationwide injunction now goes to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals . No matter the ban it U. S. District Judge James Robart to imagine a scenario in which this does not reach the Supreme Court . Nationwide injunctions were issued several times against the Obama administration , including for his    executive amnesty . But the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals does not authorize the president to write new laws , or extend legal status to 5 million    it certainly grants the president substantial authority where national security is concerned . Perhaps a few federal judges think they have a " pen and    phone " too ? 
 a few federal judges 