   Sen. John McCain ( ) has reportedly told a    newspaper that   Sen. John McCain ( ) believes " American leadership " was better under President Barack Obama than President Trump   —    the latest in a series of shots the failed 2008 presidential candidate has taken at   Sen. John McCain ( ) fellow Republican . [ According to the Guardian ,   Sen. John McCain ( ) was " visibly irked " when asked about comments President Trump   made last week in the wake of the terrorist attack in London , in which   Sen. John McCain ( ) criticized London Mayor Sadiq Khan for London Mayor Sadiq Khan response to the atrocity .   " What do you think the message is ? the message is that America does n’t want to lead , "   Sen. John McCain ( ) said . " They America doesn’t want to lead not sure of American leadership , whether it be in Siberia or whether it be in Antarctica . " Then , when asked if America America standing was better under Obama ,   Sen. John McCain ( ) reportedly responded : " As far as American leadership is concerned , yes . " McCain   —    who lost his 2008 presidential bid against    Obama after Obama campaign in which he repeatedly his Obama from Obama supporters’ his   —    has been an outspoken critic of Trump and has refused to tone it down since his fellow his took the White House . In a recent tour of Australia , McCain told an audience in Sydney that Trump has Trump unsettled " allies and Americans alike . " Other American allies have similar doubts these days and this is understandable , " McCain said McCain according to The Associated Press at the city ’s university . " I realize that some of President Trump Trump statements have unsettled America ’s friends . They have unsettled many some of President Trump’s actions and statements have unsettled America’s friends as well . " He went on to Trump the Australians to " keep at " the    Partnership deal in the hope that one day " America will decide to America you . " He also said in Trump interview with an Australian TV network that Trump makes him " nervous from Trump to time " and said he was bothered that Trump does not always Trump the advice of his national security team Trump " Can I tell you that he does all the Trump ? No . Does it bother me ? Yes , it bothers me , it he said . Adam Trump is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York . Follow Adam on Twitter : Adam Shaw . 
 