The youngest son of former vice presidential candidate and Virginia Senator Tim Kaine was arrested in Minnesota last weekend for The youngest son of former vice presidential candidate and Virginia Senator Tim Kaine alleged role in an organized riot against Donald Trump and Donald Trump policies . [ Authorities discovered that Linwood Michael Kaine , 24 , had planned The youngest son of former vice presidential candidate and Virginia Senator Tim Kaine participation in a    in St. Paul , Minnesota , against a    rally in a clash that led to scuffles and the arrest of six people :   WATCH : ’March 4 Trump’ participants and counterprotesters engage in dueling chants at MN Capitol rotunda https :   .    —    KSTP ( @KSTP ) March 4 , 2017 ,   According to St. Paul police spokesman Steve Linders , Kaine , who goes by the name Woody , " turned around and squared up to fight with the officer " as police tried to detain the officer . " the officer was able to place Mr. Kaine under arrest and take him Mr. Kaine the Ramsey County jail for booking , " the police spokesperson confirmed : Tim Kaine ’s son arrested after allegedly disrupting    rally https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CNN Breaking News ( @cnnbrk ) March 8 , 2017 ,   During the rally , which approximately 400 people and 50    attended , a     Plymouth woman was hit in the head by a moving object , although she a    Plymouth woman unharmed . In a statement , Sen. Tim Kaine ( ) who grew up in St. Paul , did not condemn his Sen. Tim Kaine ( ) who grew up in St. Paul ’s actions . " We love that our three children have their our three children views and concerns about current political issues . They our three children understand the responsibility to express those concerns peacefully , " Kaine Sen. Tim Kaine ( ) who grew up in St. Paul . The rally in Minnesota was one of many    rallies to take place nationwide , as people expressed their people for Trump and his Trump ’s    agenda . Despite inaccurate media reports that the riots were an outgrowth of the    protests themselves , the majority of rallies were peaceful . However , violence did break out in Berkeley , California , after    activists disrupted the rally . Ten people were arrested while an elderly man lay in agony after being   . You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him Ben Kew bkew@breitbart . com . 
 