Wednesday on MSNBC , Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) discussed being reprimanded on the Senate floor Tuesday for Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) comments against President Donald Trump ’s Attorney General nominee Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) .   Several times , MSNBC political correspondent Kasie Hunt asked Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) if Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) invoked Rule 19 to shut her Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) while reading a letter by Coretta Scott King because he Coretta Scott King " sexist . " Partial transcript as follows : HUNT : Let ’s talk about what ’s happened in the intervening hours since this happened on the floor . Your democratic colleagues have gone down to the the floor They ’ve been Your democratic colleagues this a letter by Coretta Scott King loud . Was that something you asked them to do ? Your democratic colleagues : Nope . HUNT : And so far , they ’ve been allowed Your democratic colleagues continue speaking . Some say it was sexist to silence you on the floor last night the floor : You ’d have WARREN ask Mitch McConnell . He ’s the one who Mitch McConnell me down for doing this . But I will tell you what I did . As soon as I was no longer allowed to read , I went outside the senate chamber and I read the whole speech , just did it live on video and the whole speech it on Facebook . I the whole speech everybody reads the speech . I have the whole speech put up as many connections . I want children to read this speech . I want adults the whole speech this speech . I want all people the whole speech particularly , I want the Republicans who are going to vote tonight on whether or not Jeff Sessions becomes the next attorney general of the United States . I want them to read this speech before they vote the Republicans who are going to vote tonight on whether or not Jeff Sessions becomes the next attorney general of the United States HUNT : the whole speech think what the Republicans who are going to vote tonight on whether or not Jeff Sessions becomes the next attorney general of the United States McConnell did last night was sexist ? WARREN : I think what he did was wrong . HUNT : But it Senator McConnell n’t sexist ? WARREN : I think reading the words of Coretta WARREN King on the floor of the United States senate honors the senate . She talks about a very difficult time in our history . And a time and a reminder that even today ,    are often denied access to voting . And she talks about how it happened and why it She . I think it ’s an important it of our history that it can not just push behind our history that we our not just gloss over . our needs to our Coretta Scott King ’s letter . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 