California ’s State Senate passed SB 54 on Monday , rocketing California one step closer to becoming an official " sanctuary state . " [ Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de León ’s sanctuary bill passed on a straight    vote ,       to the Sacramento Bee . Strong pushback from law enforcement led to several amendments before the Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de León’s sanctuary bill .   The bill Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de León’s sanctuary bill introduced as an " urgency " measure , as De León argued the Trump administration presented a threat to those in the country illegally . The Senate President later pulled the " urgency " status to lower the standard for passage , but at the cost of delaying the bill ’s Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de León’s sanctuary bill January 1 , 2018 . President Donald Trump has put sanctuary cities on notice that they could lose federal sanctuary cities if they chose to continue sanctuary cities defy federal immigration authorities . In February the President called California The Senate President state that is " out of control . " De León declared that " half " of his family were in the De León States illegally , and lashed back at Trump during an interview on KPCC 89 . 3 . In the interview he admitted " the vast De León of immigrants " have used fraudulent Social Security numbers . " SB 54 shields child abusers , human traffickers , and elder abusers from deportation and guarantees their return to our communities SB 54 shields child abusers, human traffickers, and elder abusers from deportation and that ’s why our fight must continue , our said State Senator Joel Anderson ( ) in an email to supporters after voting against the bill . " Over 31 , 000 Californians signed our petition and helped force our author to amend SB 54 so that murderers , rapists and child molesters would not be shielded from federal immigration authorities , but as long as felons are protected , we can not stop fighting . " Anderson called the bill " the greatest threat to dreamers , " according to the Bee . Maryland has also been working on passing a sanctuary state law . The made national headlines in recent days on allegations that two illegal alien students had raped a young teenage girl in a school bathroom . Last week , Attorney General . Jeff Sessions warned that sanctuary jurisdictions could lose their portion of $ 4 sanctuary jurisdictions 1 billion in grants from the Department of Justice if they fail to comply with sanctuary jurisdictions immigration law . He said that more than Jeff Sessions jurisdictions had refused to honor ICE detainer requests in just one week . " The charges and convictions against these aliens include : drug trafficking , hit and run , rape , sex offenses against a child and even murder , " said Sessions . SB 54 now moves on to the State Assembly , where it is expected to pass SB 54 be signed into law by Gov. Jerry Brown . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 