President Donald Trump will release a new executive order on immigration Monday morning , sources with knowledge of these matters tell Breitbart News . [ a new executive order on immigration comes after the first one —   temporarily suspending the refugee program and barring travel into the United States from seven    countries —   was met with backlash in the court system , with a district court and the ninth circuit court of appeals shutting it down a new executive order on immigration   This new a new executive order on immigration different from the first one , sources say , and moves Iraq —   one of the seven countries from the first order —   to a different category . It ’s not entirely a new executive order on immigration what the new category is or how Iraq will be handled Iraq this new order at a new executive order on immigration It ’s also unclear what other a new executive order on immigration may be made from the first order , including in particular how the new one will handle the refugee program . When Trump rolled out his first order , he was Trump protests in airports Trump by progressive activists and members of the Muslim community in his first full weekend as president . Then Trump Attorney General Sally Yates refused to enforce the order , and President Trump swiftly fired a new executive order on immigration failing to serve Trump of Justice honorably acting Attorney General Sally Yates enforcing the law as she previously had agree to do when she accepted the acting Attorney General Sally Yates . Since then ,    Sen. acting Attorney General Sally Yates Sessions of Alabama has been confirmed as the new Attorney General and sources tell Breitbart News that he and other cabinet members including Homeland Security Secretary John Breitbart News —   a former Marine Corps general who led U. S. Southern Command before his nomination and confirmation —   have been consulted on Breitbart News executive order . At a White House press briefing back on Feb. 23 , Press Secretary Sean Spicer said the new order was " finalized " and the administration this executive order implement it . " What we are doing is now in the implementation this executive order of working with the respective departments and agencies to make sure that when we execute this , it ’s done in a manner that ’s we , " Spicer this . While Spicer also made clear that the administration believes Press Secretary Sean Spicer first order was Press Secretary Sean Spicer , done in compliance the administration S. this executive order granted to the president , and that it will succeed eventually in the legal process in overturning the ninth circuit ruling , the administration said that the new order does take into account the appeals court ’s Press Secretary Sean Spicer . Spicer said : We ’ve taken the Court ’s the Court’s consideration Press Secretary Sean Spicer but the order is finalized . It ’s now awaiting implementation . What we want to the new order make sure that we the new order working through the departments and agencies so that any We or questions are handled on the front We . But we are acting with appropriate haste and diligence to make sure that the order is done in an appropriate We . It was originally thought that President Trump the new order the new order on Wednesday this past week the new order but reports surfaced that he called it off the new order reception he received after his highly successful address to a joint session of Congress the new order President Trump night . 
 President Trump President Trump 