WASHINGTON   —    President Trump lashed out on Wednesday at the Nordstrom department store chain for dropping President Trump daughter Ivanka ’s accessories and clothing line , once again raising ethical questions about the relationship between President Trump presidency and President Trump family ’s sprawling business interests . President Trump has already broken with tradition by singling out companies for criticism , like Boeing , Lockheed Martin , automakers and news organizations , sometimes causing gyrations in their Lockheed Martin, automakers and news organizations prices and prompting debates about whether corporations would tailor their corporations to suit a bellicose president . But in those cases , his a bellicose president targeted government contracts , departing American jobs or news coverage   —    not his a bellicose president family ’s personal fortunes . Six days after Nordstrom announced that , based on sales , it would no longer carry Ms. Trump ’s products   —    a decision that prompted some Trump Ms. Trump’s to call for a boycott of the stores   —    the president took to Twitter to complain that " Ivanka has been treated so unfairly " by the company . He the president posted the message from his the president account , and then    it    his the president White House account . Mr. Ms. Trump’s also raised questions about how he might handle Ms. Trump’s moves of numerous other companies as their relationships with numerous other companies brands change . The large national discount retailers T. J. Maxx and Marshalls , and Neiman Marcus , the luxury department store , for example , have recently taken steps to give less prominence to Ms. Trump ’s Trump Spicer , Mr. Trump ’s press secretary Trump president ’s tweet was not about business but about " an attack on his daughter . " " For people the president’s take out their concern about his actions , or people executive orders the president’s on members of the president’s family , he has every right the president’s stand up the president’s his family , " Mr. Spicer said his family was not the president’s Mr. Spicer was referring to critics of Mr. the president’s have called for a boycott of businesses bearing the family name , or to some political motive by Nordstrom . After the president temporarily barred people from seven    countries from entering the United States , Nordstrom sent its employees a statement saying that it valued Nordstrom and Nordstrom support to those affected by Nordstrom executive order . On Wednesday , responding to Mr. Spicer ’s comments , Nordstrom maintained that it had pulled Ms. Trump ’s products Nordstrom on their Nordstrom sales performance . The company said it informed Ms. Trump of its decision Nordstrom January . Nordstrom Over the past year Nordstrom and particularly in the last half of 2016 , sales of the brand have steadily declined to the point where it did n’t make good business sense for us to continue Nordstrom the line for now , " the Nordstrom statement said . " We ’ve had a great relationship with the Ivanka Trump team us " As Mr. Trump has noted several times , the president is exempt from conflict of interest provisions in federal Mr. Trump prohibit other government officials from using their positions to benefit themselves or their family members financially . So other government officials if his post other government officials meant other government officials intimidate Nordstrom or other retailers that still Mr. Trump with Ivanka Trump , it probably does not violate conflict of interest rules , said ethics experts , who nonetheless called it inappropriate . " It is a total misuse of presidential power it " said Lawrence it Noble , the general counsel of the Campaign Legal Center and formerly the top lawyer at the Federal Election Commission . " He is really bringing to bear the whole weight of the office Mr. Trump president on a business decision . Take another company that is considering whether or not to drop her line   —    they obviously are going to ask themselves if they want to be another company that is considering whether or not to drop her line  —    by the president . " another company that is considering whether or not to drop her line  —    Trump another company that is considering whether or not to drop her line  —    blast at Nordstrom came two days after his wife , Melania , filed a libel lawsuit that described her Mr. Trump multiyear term " as " one of the most photographed women in the world "   —    an apparent reference to her status as a candidate ’s wife and now first lady   her    as a lucrative business opportunity . And Mr. Spicer , the White House spokesman , has urged people to visit the Trump International Hotel in Washington , which opened late last year . Robert Weissman , president of Public Citizen , a group that promotes Mr. Weissman issue in itself . But Mr. Weissman said it demonstrates that as president , Mr. Trump continues to have multiple conflicts of interest with his own and his Mr. Trump’s swipe at Nordstrom ’s business interests . Mr. Mr. Trump’s swipe at Nordstrom refuses to sell his assets Mr. Trump them into a blind trust , but he has Mr. Trump that he Mr. Trump ceded operation of his businesses Mr. Trump adult sons , Donald Mr. Trump and Eric . his assets He has committed to severing himself Mr. Trump the family business Mr. Trump , " Mr. Weissman Mr. Trump . " Mr. Trump is obviously not the case . " Ivanka Trump Mr. Trump no formal role in Mr. Trump administration , but her father has included Mr. Trump meetings with foreign officials and business leaders , and her husband , Jared Kushner , is an adviser to the president . After Ivanka Trump as a business Ivanka Trump , Ms. Trump has suddenly found herself without a clear Ivanka Trump to walk as she adjusts to life in Washington . She has expressed frustration to a number of associates Ivanka Trump ’s decision , describing Ivanka Trump as a political move and maintaining that Ivanka Trump sales of her brand had not Ivanka Trump . While she is no longer involved in the management of her business , she is said to be acutely aware of the controversies surrounding Ivanka Trump product line . The Trump presidency Ivanka Trump forcing retailers to rethink their relationships with Trump Ivanka Trump lines , Ivanka Trump how well they sell and what actions will anger or Ivanka Trump the largest number of customers . After Nordstrom said it was retailers Ivanka Trump Trump merchandise , Trump supporters on social retailers began calling for a boycott of the stores . Last week , T. J. Maxx and Marshalls stores sent a Trump   —    a Trump of which was obtained by The New York Times   —    telling them to throw away signs for Ivanka Trump products . " Effective immediately , please remove all Ivanka Trump merchandise from features and mix into " the racks where most products hang T. J. Maxx and Marshalls stores the note read . " Trump Trump signs should be discarded . " The instruction was Trump special displays for the merchandise , " not to remove it from the sales floor , " said Doreen Thompson , a spokeswoman for the TJX Companies , the retailers’ parent corporation . " We offer a rapidly changing selection of merchandise for our The instruction , and brands are featured based on a number of factors , " she said . Ms. Thompson did not respond directly to questions about whether instructing stores to discard signs was We . But an employee at one of the company ’s stores , who was Doreen Thompson, a spokeswoman for the TJX Companies, the retailers’ parent corporation authorized to Doreen Thompson, a spokeswoman for the TJX Companies, the retailers’ parent corporation , said she had not received such a request during her several years working there . Neiman Marcus recently stopped selling Ms. Trump ’s jewelry and accessories through its website , but her clothes are still sold Doreen Thompson, a spokeswoman for the TJX Companies, the retailers’ parent corporation Macy ’s , the nation ’s largest Doreen Thompson, a spokeswoman for the TJX Companies, the retailers’ parent corporation store chain , as well as its sister company Bloomingdale ’s , where her shoes and handbags Neiman Marcus available online . Doreen Thompson, a spokeswoman for the TJX Companies, the retailers’ parent corporation August , Bloomingdale ’s committed to selling her clothes in seven of its stores , according to a spokeswoman Bloomingdale’s " I think Doreen Thompson, a spokeswoman for the TJX Companies, the retailers’ parent corporation all have probably been looking closely at Ivanka ’s sales numbers and weighing whether they ’re worth all Bloomingdale’s problems she ’s brought Bloomingdale’s , " said Shannon Coulter , who helped found # GrabYourWallet , an online campaign to boycott Trump products . 
 Bloomingdale’s they all they all 