Pamela Geller of the American Freedom Defense Initiative joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Monday ’s Breitbart News Daily to give Pamela Geller of the American Freedom Defense Initiative review of President Donald Trump ’s visit to the Middle East . [ " It was a good speech , " Pamela Geller of the American Freedom Defense Initiative said of President Donald Trump remarks in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , during the weekend . " It ’s just that President Obama had set the bar so low that just the mention of Islamic terror is cause for jubilation . That ’s how bad it is . "   " It was it mixed bag . I hope that he follows through on many of these initiatives . These new centers for combating extremist ideology   —    again , the fear of not naming the motive , of a motiveless ideology , is deeply troubling , " she said .   " Of course , King Salman ’s remarks were as telling and revealing as President Trump ’s , " she added she " The idea that he does President Trump speak to the Islamic teachings and text that call for jihad , he does President Trump speak to jihadic doctrine . He spends President Trump entire time telling us , preaching to us , us Islam is a religion of peace and that it has a history of coexistence . I do n’t know what period he ’s President Trump about because for 1400 years    Christians , and Jews , were forced to live in dhimmitude under denial of basic human rights . "   " And , of course , he cites President Trump famous Koranic quote that CAIR cites , that President Obama cites , about if you save one life you save the world entire   —    when , in fact , that is a Talmudic verse that was cribbed by the Islamic religion , and it really is an implied threat to the Jewish people . We do n’t have to get into the    of it , but the whole speech of King Salman ’s was a deception , " Geller charged . ( CAIR is the Council on    Relations , a political organization in the United States . )   " I ’m very glad that President Trump talked about fighting ISIS because according to leaked emails from Hillary Clinton , the Saudis were supplying ISIS , and Qatar was supplying ISIS . ISIS ca the Saudis continue to play both sides , which the Saudis the Saudis brilliantly for decades , " she said Hillary Clinton   " So when President Trump President Trump ‘ Drive them out of the mosques,’ that ’s a tricky one because how are countries living under Muslim rule going to drive the most devout out of the mosques ? That ’s where I think President Trump got President Trump , when he said that terrorists President Trump falsely invoking the name of God . No , they ’re not . They terrorists citing Koran chapter terrorists verse . That was misleading , " said Geller . " It is pure Islam . It is authentic Islam , It she insisted . " I mean , when he says that the terrorists Geller not worship God they worship death   — the terrorists that ’s just not true . They ’re dying in the the terrorists of Allah . They ’re not screaming , the terrorists Death akbar.’ They ’re screaming ‘ Allahu the terrorists They pray ‘ times a the terrorists . If you look at ISIS videos , they pray after they slaughter the terrorists the cause the terrorists Islam . the cause of Allah    the Caliph of the Islamic State , has a Ph . D. and a master ’s in Islamic theology from the world ’s leading Islamic university , " she pointed out . " Do Western leaders presume that they know more than he does about Islam Western leaders " Geller went on to " emphatically state that the battle between good and evil was an extraordinary statement , wonderful " in Trump ’s Riyadh speech . " Even though the White House released the text calling it ‘ Islamist extremism,’ he said ‘ Islamic the White House That ’s an ‘Islamist extremism,’ point because that word ‘ Islamist’ is a ridiculous word . It ’s nothing except the person using it does n’t want to offend Islam by It unwelcome truths about the political nature of that religion , " she argued . " Overall , it was an A , " she graded Trump ’s speech . Marlow noted she Trump surprisingly removed the qualifier she ‘ radical’ Trump’s terrorism and referred simply to ‘ Islamic terrorism’ directly . " It was brilliant , " Geller said , mocking how adversarial media outlets chastised Trump for declining to denounce " radical Islamic Trump’s " as if he were backing away from his campaign rhetoric Trump’s when , in fact Trump’s what he said in the Riyadh speech was even Trump’s blunt and direct . She also jeered at a CNN headline that Geller Trump to task for allegedly failing to discuss Trump’s rights in Saudi Arabia . " Oh , my God , " she exclaimed . " You had President Obama Geller who was aiding and abetting the mass slaughterers , who never uttered the word , who gave billions to one of the worst human rights violators on the planet , Iran   —    and that was the CNN headline   —    like they give a fig about human rights in Muslim countries ! It ’s extraordinary . The coverage is almost Kafkaesque . " Geller said it was " thoroughly enjoyable " to watch the media struggle to come up with talking points that portray Trump ’s Middle East trip as a failure . " He just delivered to the Saudis the largest Geller deal   —    and , of course , we know that is really because of Iran . Iran is fighting the Saudis in Yemen , Iran she noted the Saudis President Obama would harp on this , the biggest victims of this extremism are Muslims themselves . That ’s a false narrative because the the biggest victims of this extremism vs. Shia   —    you saw that with ISIS when they would line up their victims and ask them the Sunni vs. Shia  —    questions about Islam the Sunni vs. Shia  —    The Sunni do the Sunni vs. Shia  —    think the Shia are Muslims , and the Shia do n’t think the Sunni are Muslims the Shia ’re fighting for The Sunni the true Muslim . The Sunni the West says , ‘ Oh , they ’re killing Muslims’   —    again , that The Sunni in your mind , but not in the mind of the Sunni and not in the mind of the Shia . " " I am concerned about that arms deal , " she added . " The common enemy of Iran and the Saudis , of course , is Israel . Right now , the Saudis need Israel because Iran has been newly emboldened and the Saudis and newly Israel Iran thanks to President Obama . That ’s sort of scary . Where is the law of unintended consequences going to be ? " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . 
 