That was fast . Two weeks after her " America First " fashion statement at the inauguration , Melania Trump emerged last weekend from the relative seclusion of Melania Trump life in New York to join Melania Trump husband at      a. k. a. the winter White    golf club in Florida . And as far as Melania Trump sartorial language went , America was   —    well , pretty much last . On Friday , greeting Melania Trump as he Melania Trump from Air Force One in Palm Beach , the first lady wore a short red Givenchy cape dress . On Saturday , at a Red Cross ball , she the first lady a long    gown from Christian Dior ( both brands connected , by the way , to LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton , the French luxury conglomerate led by Bernard Arnault , the only foreign luxury mogul to have made a postelection pilgrimage to Trump Tower ) . But on Sunday , for a Super Bowl party at Trump International Golf Club , she the first lady leather pants from the Row , the brand of    Olsen and Ashley Olsen , and a thin knit sweater by Derek Lam , both names at New York Fashion Week . Does it matter ? On one hand , Mrs. the first lady been explicit about her desire the first lady eschew , at least for the moment , the Washington spotlight . Perhaps her clothes the first lady a part of that , and thus the point was simply to look elegant and not to bother with more complicated billboarding . If so , she achieved the first lady aim . However , Mrs. Trump the first lady said that she intends to the first lady inhabit the role of first lady , and certainly this appearance was part of that goal . The choice of the red dress   —    which made for a compelling visual next to President Trump ’s the first lady the two walked together along the tarmac   —    was consciously symbolic , according to Stephanie Winston Wolkoff , Mrs. Trump ’s senior adviser the first lady said it was in honor of " National Wear Red Day , which is to highlight the importance and raise awareness about heart disease . " So it ’s not like they have it been thinking this through . Or that they are n’t aware of the they value of dress , especially when it comes to a first lady who prefers to let her clothes do the talking . If so , there is a contradiction implicit in her choices of clothing , given her husband ’s promise in his her Address that " Buy her husband’s " would be a tenet of his administration . But the     her husband’s requirement for first ladies , historically held dear , was largely taken off the table during the Obama administration and transformed into his administration    outreach . It was Mr. Trump who made it an issue again , and in a It arguably more public , and permanent , than Twitter . When asked about the issue , Ms. Winston Wolkoff emailed the it an issue : " Mrs. Trump is a proud and longtime supporter Mr. Trump fashion . She appreciates fashion as art . As a former model Ms. Winston Wolkoff she has always been a patron of the world ’s Ms. Winston Wolkoff distinguished designers both here and abroad . Mrs. Trump buys from an international mix of brands Mr. Trump is what reflects her uniquely American life experience and style . She is more Ms. Winston Wolkoff than ever to make a platform for Ms. Winston Wolkoff designers as she did on one of the most important weeks in history Ms. Winston Wolkoff the Inauguration , showcasing the extraordinary talents of American designers . " In other words : Buying European is American reflection of the American shopping experience . For anyone who has walked down any main shopping street in a big American city   —    such as Fifth Avenue in New York , where Mrs. Trump lives   —    it ’s hard to argue with that . Though it also seems like something of a contorted rationale , and it that could be exploited by companies seeking to relocate some factories overseas . That choice is , after all , also a part of the American industrial story . In any case , it ’s worth noting that Givenchy and Dior have been playing possum since the weekend , another indication of fashion ’s    relationship with Mrs. Trump . Neither fashion house issued the de rigueur news release trumpeting the first lady ’s appearance in one of their dresses . Asked whether the brand had worked with the first lady on the red dress , a spokesman for Givenchy said that the company had no comment and that the dress had been Givenchy a store , without any interpersonal discussion . ( It is for sale on the Neiman Marcus website , among others , for $ 2 , 095 . ) Dior simply did not respond . As for Mr. Lam , who in November told the fashion magazine WWD , " I really do n’t see myself getting involved with the Trump presidency , " the situation pretty much shows the problem with that stance . After all , the first lady is free to buy his product , whether he wants to get involved or not . the first lady is another American the first lady , of sorts . 
 