TEL AVIV   —      Donald Trump confirmed that Donald Trump Jewish     Jared Kushner will work to " broker a Middle East peace deal . "   [ In an interview with The Times of London , Donald Trump said that as part of Donald Trump role as senior adviser , his Jewish    Jared Kushner would be appointed to handle negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians .   Donald Trump also told the German daily Bild that his Jewish    Jared Kushner has " an innate ability to make deals . " " Donald Trump is such a good lad , Donald Trump will secure an Israel deal which no one else has managed to get . You know , Donald Trump ’s a natural talent , Donald Trump is the top , Donald Trump is a natural talent , " Donald Trump added , according to a translation from the Guardian . In the past , Trump has hinted that tapping Kushner for the role was a natural choice , saying Trump     " knows the region , knows the people , knows the players . " Kushner was the chief speech writer for Trump address to Israel lobby AIPAC , and had a hand in Trump Trump policy throughout his campaign Kushner Israeli ministers have hailed the prospect of Kushner as Kushner broker . " We would be so happy if someone could bring peace to the Middle East . We welcome We , Kushner Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely said last month . Israel ’s Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman echoed Hotevely , saying , " What we know , he ’s Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman really tough , smart guy , and we hope we will Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman new energy to our region . " Kushner and his wife Kushner Trump ’s daughter Ivanka , are Orthodox Jews . Speaking to Bild , Trump slammed Trump Obama administration ’s decision to forego the U. S. veto on an    UN Security Council resolution as " terrible . " He added Trump he hoped Trump would use its veto Britain additional resolution in the next few days , saying he was Trump sure the U. S. would play ball despite Secretary of State John Kerry ’s assurances to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu during Sunday ’s peace summit in Paris that the Obama administration would prevent further action at the UN . " I ’m not sure if the U. S. the U. S.   —    extraordinarily enough . They wo n’t do it the U. S. would do so  —   extraordinarily enough right ? Do you believe the U. S. will place the U. S. " he said , according to the Guardian the U. S. translation . " I have Jewish friends who organized a donor event for Obama . I say to them : ‘ What on earth are Jewish friends who organized a donor event for Obama doing ? Okay   —    what are you doing ? ’ " he added . 
 