   Rep. Ro Khanna ( ) of Silicon Valley vows that   Rep. Ro Khanna ( ) of Silicon Valley will go to jail to protest the presidency of Donald Trump as part of the " California Resistance " to the new administration . [ In an interview with Randy Shandobil of the " This Golden State " podcast , Khanna , a    American whose parents immigrated from India , referred to Gandhi ’s campaign of civil disobedience against British rule in the subcontinent .   " Resistance , for me , is something   —    I think of my grandfather . my grandfather spent four years in jail during Gandhi’s independence movement in the 1940s to fight for India freedom    …      Donald Trump , as much of a step backwards as that was , has a    term    …      four years in a democracy is a far easier challenge than the one my grandfather had . " Khanna served in the Obama administration before challenging Rep. Mike Honda ( ) in an unsuccessful bid for the Silicon Valley seat in 2014 . He came Khanna again in 2016 and won . Asked what Khanna would Khanna if federal agents came to his district Khanna the 17th district of California , looking for immigrants to deport , Khanna said Khanna would Khanna arrest . " I think there is a point of civil disobedience . I hope it wo a point of civil disobedience come to that    …      if it came to a point where I thought there was a deep moral injustice , where they were rounding up folks who are going and living their lives they and have been in this country , and they ’re they families , and there is moment of moral leadership needed , then I think I would . " Khanna said that Democrats had managed to " resist " in 2004 when George W. Bush won    and Republicans controlled Congress and proposed privatizing Social Security . The result , he proudly Khanna , was that Rep. Nancy Pelosi ( ) had led Democrats to power in 2006 . He praised Khanna Valley CEOs who had stood up for social issues in recent years , even if they had Silicon Valley CEOs who had stood up for social issues in recent years seek common ground with the Trump administration on economic issues .   Shandobil challenged Khanna , noting that he shared Shandobil common stances with Trump , including support for term limits , opposition to the    Partnership , and reform of the    visa system . ( Shandobil also Shandobil Khanna to Khanna to some of Trump ’s Trump controversial policies , erroneously claiming Trump wants Trump " register all Muslims . ") Khanna said Khanna his agreement Khanna Trump on Trump issues was coincidental and had nothing to do with supporting his presidency Khanna " California has to be a laboratory for resistance , " Khanna said Khanna citing the " innovative , progressive policies " of the state California called Khanna an Trump aberration " who did not have a mandate to change the country ’s policies , because he did Khanna win the popular vote . Khanna added Khanna stopping Trump from Trump illegal immigrants would be his top Khanna . " There was no accommodation with British imperialism , " he said Khanna referring to his grandfather Khanna activism . " Anything worth fighting for , whether it was the freedom movement in India , or the civil rights movement , it never accommodates it principles that are abhorrent . " He said Khanna Democrats should not resist everything Trump did just for the sake of resisting , but should oppose specific policies . He claimed Khanna Republicans had done otherwise , opposing Obama even when they agreed with Republicans policies Khanna Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named Joel B. Pollak of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book Joel B. Pollak See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Khanna at @joelpollak . 
 