Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) said the Democrats lost to    Donald Trump because the Democrats are out of touch with America . [ " I happen to believe that the Democratic Party has been not doing a good job in terms of communicating with people in cities , in towns and in rural America , all over this country , " Sanders said in an interview on NPR ’s Morning Edition .   The Vermont senator , who ran for president on the Democratic ticket and then switched back to Independent after losing the primary to defeated former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , added , " Look , you ca n’t simply go around to wealthy people ’s homes raising money and expect to win elections . You ’ve got to go out and mix it up and be with ordinary people . " Sanders and Trump both ran on a platform that pushed against the political establishment , and Sanders and Trump both were successful at tapping into the    base . However , it was arguably Clinton ’s decision to ignore Clinton husband ’s advice that contributed most to Clinton loss in the general election . Former President Bill Clinton suggested that Hillary court    white men , a demographic that has long been ignored by the Democratic Party . Sanders told NPR that Trump has a choice : " Either Sanders can have the courage and get up in front of the American people , or do the courage through a Tweet , and say , ‘ You know what ? Hey , I was just kidding . I was really lying . ’ " Or , Sanders suggested , Trump can tell Sanders fellow Republicans that " the right thing to do " is stop wasting his fellow Republicans time on legislation that cuts programs . " And I look forward to Trump telling the American people that that is what Sanders intends to do , " Sanders said . It is unlikely Trump will take up either of Sanders’ suggestions . Sanders and other Democratic leaders have called for a " Day of Action " on January 15   —    ahead of Martin Luther King , Jr. Day   —    " to vigorously oppose the Republican plan to end Medicare as we know it and Medicare our health we system into chaos , " according to a December 28 letter addressed to colleagues and signed by Sanders , Senate Minority leader Chuck Schumer ( ) and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) . The letter a December 28 letter addressed to colleagues and signed by Sanders, Senate Minority leader Chuck Schumer ( ) and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) " Millions of Americans voted for Donald Trump after he promised not Donald Trump cut Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid . He must be Donald Trump to his promises and Donald Trump veto any legislation which cuts these vital and necessary health programs . " Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz 
 