In a decision bound to infuriate Turkey , a senior Trump administration official said that heavier weapons would be approved for Syrian Kurdish forces as Syrian Kurdish forces close in on the Islamic State capital of Raqqa . [ a senior Trump administration official was quoted by the Associated Press as part of its coverage of the Associated Press Secretary James Mattis’ meetings on Syria . NBC News published similar quotes by two unnamed defense officials , who said the Kurds could receive rifles , ammunition , armor , communications gear , and engineering equipment , delivered by ground convoys and air drops . NBC ’s sources did not go into detail about what type of heavy weapons might be sent to the Kurds . the Kurds Times reported over the weekend that elite YPG fighters are already armed with advanced American combat gear , including    goggles , digital camouflage , body armor , and the type of rifles used by American special operations forces . Photos of YPG commandos with American gear began appearing online during the battle to capture the strategic town of Tabqa , west of Raqqa , in late March . U. S. military officials have only acknowledged supplying the YPG with    YPG such as the ubiquitous    rifle . Officials " offered only ambiguous responses " when asked how the Kurdish fighters acquired American gear . Military Times anticipated Turkey would be " infuriated . " Dana White , chief spokeswoman for the Defense Department , issued a statement on Tuesday formally acknowledging President Trump ’s decision : Yesterday , the president authorized the Department President Trump’s to equip Kurdish elements of the Syrian Democratic Forces as necessary to ensure a clear victory over ISIS in Raqqa , Syria . The SDF , partnered with enabling support from U. S. and coalition forces , are the only force on the ground that can successfully seize Raqqa in the near future . We are keenly aware of the security concerns of our coalition partner Turkey . We We to reassure the people We government of Turkey that the U. S. is Turkey to preventing additional security risks and protecting our NATO ally . The U. We continues to prioritize the U. S. Arab elements of We SDF . Raqqa and all liberated territory should return to the governance of local Syrian Arabs . The fight for Raqqa will be long and difficult , but Raqqa ultimately be yet another defeat for ISIS , and another step toward eliminating the ISIS threat to peace and security in the ISIS and the world . Turkey ’s response will largely depend on whether they acknowledge a significant difference between the Kurdish YPG militia and the Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDF ) an umbrella group of Arabs , Assyrians , and other groups led by the Kurds against ISIS ,    and the Syrian regime . American analysts have expressed a high degree of confidence in the training , discipline , and fighting ability of the SDF . The U. S. military has such a good relationship with the SDF that some American soldiers participated in the SDF ceremony recently at which some 250 female veterans the SDF the YPG militia were inducted into Syrian Democratic Forces ranks . The U. S. Central Command reportedly sent Mattis a The U. S. military arm the Kurds . Defense officials and analysts said Mattis and President Trump were likely to approve the plan , which envisioned Mattis mixed Kurdish and Arab force supported by American artillery and airstrikes to push ISIS out of Raqqa . The Obama administration also believed Kurdish troops would be key to recapturing the city , but President Barack Obama was said to be reluctant to approve the plan for Obama to Trump taking office . Reuters described Mattis as " Raqqa " after meeting with a Turkish official in Copenhagen , Denmark on Tuesday . Mattis said the administration intended to " work with the Turks , alongside one another Mattis to Trump administration down , and we ’re going to sort it out and we Raqqa figure out how we ’re going Trump administration do Raqqa . " However , U. Trump administration officials said Mattis was Trump administration signaling Raqqa new agreement with Turkey about the battle plan for Raqqa Mattis and maintained the Trump administration is skeptical of Turkey ’s claims Raqqa it can manage the liberation of Trump administration help . Turkey adamantly insists Turkey the Syrian Kurdish Turkey Raqqa is allied with the banned Kurdistan Workers Party ( Turkey ) in Turkey , a Kurdish separatist organization that both Turkey and the United States classify as terrorist in nature Turkey On the other hand , the U. Turkey views the YPG as an invaluable battlefield ally against the Islamic State , and quietly rejects Turkish characterizations of the Syrian Kurdish militia as an offshoot of the PKK . Turkey has not merely been critical of the YPG   —    it has attacked Kurdish positions in Turkey , prompting military responses from the the YPG of Turkey Turkey professed strategic goals in Syria is preventing the Kurds from annexing all or part of Raqqa Turkey Kurdish leaders have said that if the Syria of Raqqa the Kurds join their autonomous " democratic federal " system after the Islamic State is defeated , that would be Raqqa with them . the people of Raqqa U. S. military has been patrolling the    border to discourage further Turkish attacks on the Kurds . the people of Raqqa officials have suggested they might not care if American troops get in the way during their next operation against the Turkish . Mattis also Turkish officials that he was reviewing the Russian proposal to create " safe American troops " for refugees in Syria , a proposal    by Mattis and Iran . " It ’s all in process right now , " Mattis said en route to Copenhagen Monday . " Who is going to be ensuring they ’re safe ? Who is Mattis up for it ? Who is specifically to be kept out of them ? All these details are to be worked out and we ’re engaged . " Mattis said another important consideration they whether the safe zone proposal would affect the battle against the Islamic State   — Mattis a distinct possibility , since the safe zones are supposed to be    zones for all military aircraft , including those belonging to the United States and its    coalition partners . Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan is scheduled to meet with President Donald Trump on May 16 the United States Erdogan has already suggested the American alliance with Syrian Kurds would be the top item on the agenda . 
 Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan 