Every few years , the botanical garden down on the National Mall proudly boasts the botanical garden down on the National Mall prized " corpse flower . " In years when our federal swamp gets hot and icky enough , the    plant turns a throbbing purple and blooms . [ Like the swollen tongue of a bloated battlefield corpse   —    pressing at the cuffs , seams and Sam Brownes   —    the engorged spadix of the titan arum grows until bursting into a stench that is described as a cross between rotting meat and    garbage . The odor is so repellent that The odor tricks flies into thinking the plant is a decaying corpse , thus the plant name .   This being Washington and the seat of your federal government , such a carnival of putrefaction inexplicably attracts people from all around by the thousands to take part in the jolly rotten occasion . So it is with that other periodic event just up the hill . Every few years , Congress convenes to confirm a nominee to the Supreme Court and , watch out , here come the flies . This year ’s picnic feast will be Neil Gorsuch , a highly respected appeals court judge nominated by President Trump to replace the late legal titan Justice Antonin Scalia . For decades , these confirmations were fairly basic , straightforward affairs . Is a nominee to the Supreme Court qualified ? Criminal background check to make sure he Criminal background not be bribed on the bench . Does he Criminal background the Constitution ? Will she faithfully and honestly adhere to the the Constitution always apply it with the Constitution and equality ? Well , that all changed back in the 1960s when the absurdly named " liberals " and " progressives " finally realized that the electorate would never buy their crazy the electorate bunkum . So they decided the electorate the electorate the electorate be cut out of the deal . That was when they started stacking the electorate courts with people who flat out reject the notion that the Constitution actually means anything . These    neanderthals certainly have no intentions whatsoever of upholding the Constitution or the Constitution fairly . This the Constitution how you wind up with four justices on the high court who embrace the notion that the Constitution means whatever the Constitution it means , including Justice the Constitution Sotomayor , who announced her own constitutional credentials as a " wise Latina . " Seriously . And it is how you wind up with a crazy lunatic on the Left Coast ’s " 9th Circus " who somehow decides that the rights enshrined in the U. S. Constitution extend the Constitution lands . Would n’t it be wonderful if these sleazeballs cared this much about the rights of actual American citizens ? Already , Democrats in the Senate have declared that they have no interest in taking Judge Gorsuch Democrats in the Senate his confirmation hearings seriously . " The high burden of proof that Judge Gorsuch has to meet is largely a Gorsuch the president who nominated him , " said Sen. Richard Blumenthal , a Gorsuch who was elected Mr. Blumenthal it ’s all about politics . Nothing to do with the Constitution . He does n’t like the president , so he will never vote for Judge Gorsuch ’s confirmation . Break out the smelling salts . It ’s gon na be a long , putrid week along the Mr. Blumenthal River . • Charles Hurt can be Mr. Blumenthal at churt@washingtontimes . com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt . 
 Charles Hurt 