In an exit memorandum reflecting on eight years of United States foreign policy , Secretary of State John Kerry enumerated the Obama administration ’s diplomatic accomplishments . But that record may be weakened or overturned by    Donald J. Trump , who has denigrated many of President Obama ’s policies . Here is a look at how the secretary and the    see the major foreign policy issues differently . Secretary of State John Kerry : Secretary of State John Kerry praised the 2015 deal that the United States brokered with Iran to curtail that country ’s ability to produce nuclear weapons . Mr. Secretary of State John Kerry that before the deal the 2015 deal , Iran was less Iran " 90 days away from having the material necessary to produce one nuclear weapon , " but " today they are at the deal was struck, Iran was less than "90 days away from having the material necessary to produce one nuclear weapon a year away . " He wrote Secretary of State John Kerry Thursday , " In reaching and implementing this deal , the 2015 deal a major security threat off the table without firing a single shot . " Trump : Mr. Trump Mr. Trump criticism of the nuclear deal a the 2015 deal of his foreign policy in the presidential Mr. Trump . He has called the agreement " Mr. Trump worst deal ever negotiated . " At a speech to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee in March , he said , " My No Mr. Trump 1 priority is to dismantle the disastrous deal with Iran . " Later , he said he would renegotiate the Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump : The the agreement "the worst deal ever negotiated that the United States tried to reset relations with Russia early in President Obama ’s first term , but that a series of aggressions including " unprecedented cyber intrusions , " " military intervention in Syria , " and the " illegal occupation " of Ukraine impeded that effort . Trump : Mr. Trump has made improved Mr. Trump with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia a cornerstone of his future foreign Russia . After American Mr. Trump agencies provided evidence that Russians hacked Democratic National Committee systems to help tip the election in his favor , Mr. Trump criticized the Mr. Trump of the Mr. Trump . He has praised Mr. Putin and said he Mr. Trump work closely Mr. Trump to combat the Mr. Trump State . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump seemed to upend American nuclear weapons Mr. Trump he declared in December : " Let it be an Mr. Trump race . We will outmatch them at every pass and outlast them all . " Kerry : Mr. Kerry devoted a them of his memo to climate Kerry calling it " not just a Kerry to the future of our planet , but a growing and immediate threat to our national security . " He lauded an agreement struck between President our and President Xi Jinping Kerry China , which bolstered a global climate agreement reached in Paris in 2015 that he called the most " ambitious , inclusive climate agreement ever negotiated Kerry " Trump : Mr. Trump has called climate change a " hoax , Mr. Trump said he would " cancel " the Paris accords and vowed to dismantle Mr. Trump Environmental Protection Agency " in Paris every form . " His nominee to run that agency is Scott Pruitt , the Oklahoma Mr. Trump general and a the Environmental Protection Agency of the fossil fuel industry , who has led the legal battle against Mr. Obama ’s    policies . Kerry : Though the Obama administration never fulfilled a promise to shutter the Guantánamo Bay detention center Mr. Obama Mr. Kerry wrote that " no single action would do more to reaffirm Kerry to international human rights norms and remove a recruiting tool for terrorists than closing " the site . During Mr. Obama ’s presidency , the number of detainees decreased to 59 from 242 , with 20 approved for transfer . Trump : In a message posted to Twitter on Tuesday , Mr. Trump wrote Mr. Trump " There should be no further releases from Gitmo . These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield . " Kerry : " It would be a moral failing of the highest caliber to turn our backs on those in need   —    including and especially from countries like Syria and Iraq , " Mr. Kerry wrote , adding that the United States had a " profound responsibility Kerry refugees . " Trump : After the terrorist attack in San Bernardino , Calif. in December 2015 , Mr. Trump Trump called for " a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States . " Later in the campaign , he said : " We the United States from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting Mr. Trump is in place . " 
 