During a January 7 interview on NPR , Chicago Police Board Chairwoman Lori Lightfoot said Chicago can not end Chicago ’s violence alone   —    they need federal help . [ Chicago Chicago Chicago Police Board Chairwoman Lori Lightfoot " also chairs Mayor Rahm Emanuel ’s Police Accountability Task Force . "   According to NPR , Chicago Police Board Chairwoman Lori Lightfoot said : We need to have more federal gun prosecutions in Chicago Chicago Our We partners from the U. S. attorney ’s office , the ATF , the FBI need to be much more invested in this overall strategy . Chicago Police Department can not tackle this issue by itself Chicago Police Department Lighfoot ’s statement came less than a week after    Donald Trump tweeted : Chicago murder rate is record setting   —    4 , 331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016 . If Mayor ca n’t do it he Mayor ask for Federal help !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) January 2 , 2017 ,   Think about it   —    Chicago Chicago over 4 , 300 shootings for the year and nearly 800 murders , yet the left greeted Trump Donald Trump tweet with disdain . That disdain epitomized by Nicole Gonzalez Van Cleve , who used a CNN    to claim : As with many of the   ’s tweets , we are forced to speculate as to the content of that federal " help , " but certainly Trump Donald Trump rhetoric gives us plenty of we to understand his approach to criminal justice policy and more broadly , his views of his of color . Thus far , he has proposed his crackdown on communities that have suffered gravely from violence as well as a crisis of confidence in policing . This     strategy is fueled by Trump ’s own ignorance of the communities most impacted by violence and his inability to his for the political and social causes that create violence . Maybe Van Cleve should have consulted Lightfoot before belittling Trump ’s offer Trump’s help . Had she done so , Van Cleve would have seen Van Cleve Lightfoot also mentioned the Lightfoot resulting from a lack of confidence in policing . But Lightfoot suggested these problems Lightfoot not the problems resulting from a lack of confidence in policing as an excuse to continue down a path which obviously is n’t working : In our history in this country , the police have been used as a bludgeon against communities of color , particularly black folks in the segregated South and frankly in the North in enforcing Jim Crow laws . We know that history , so this is not an easy and delicate topic . But it ’s one that we this to dive in , we have to embrace because we said before I ’m 100 percent convinced that if we do n’t take steps we each other ’s direction to try to address this strained and fractured relationship , those communities that are most in need , those people that are most desperate for quality and effective policing , they ’re going to be those communities that are most in need, those people that are most desperate for quality and effective policing victimized by the failure in that relationship . A quick aside   —    If Lightfoot and Van Cleve really want to be honest about the past , they should be sure to Lightfoot and Van Cleve out that Democrats were the authors of Jim Crow and the authors of southern segregation . These things , along with gun control , were part of the Democrats’ plan for communities of color . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of " Bullets with AWR Hawkins , " a AWR Hawkins podcast . He is Breitbart News political analyst AWR Hawkins Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . AWR Hawkins him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com AWR Hawkins 
 