( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . President Trump ’s latest meeting with Mr. Trudeau , went smoothly . They pledged cooperation on trade , investment and border Mr. Trudeau . And , joined by President Trump , they met with female executives and announced an initiative to Mr. Trudeau women in business . In private talks , Mr. Trudeau was expected to welcome the prospect of renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement , a move that could test his commitment to internationalist principles . _ _ _ _ Mr. Trudeau 2 . Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan was greeted with higher approval ratings when he returned home from his weekend golf outing with Mr. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan in Florida . Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan there was surprise in the United States as it became clear that the two leaders discussed their response to North Korea ’s missile test in full the two leaders of diners at Mr. Trump ’s     resort , with aides pointing the Mr. Trump in Florida at briefing documents . North Korea claims its launch shows progress the two leaders    capabilities . The National North Korea’s , normally North Korea’s president ’s main arm to develop foreign policy , is in turmoil from top to bottom . Michael Flynn was said to have resigned as national security adviser following reports that he had misled Vice President Mike Pence over his contacts with Russia . _ Michael Flynn _ _ _ 3 . On the Michael Flynn , Mr. Trump ’s nominee for Treasury Secretary , the financier Steven Mnuchin , was Michael Flynn the Senate . And Republicans are hitting a roadblock in their quest to " repeal and replace " the Affordable Care Act : Constituents upset Republicans there is no plan to replace it have made themselves heard at public meetings in California , Utah and Wisconsin . " I ’d Constituents lying to you if I told you it was fun , " said Representative Jim Sensenbrenner of Wisconsin , who faced a frustrated crowd on Saturday . _ _ _ _ _ Wisconsin . Inside Trump Tower , the president ’s sons talked to The Times about pressing on with global deals   —    and rebutting waves of criticism over ethical concerns . " His DNA will always be in the company in a big way , " Eric the president’s said during nearly five hours of interviews over two days last week . " His DNA built the company . His DNA also built us . We ’re extensions His DNA in so the company the president’s His DNA _ _ _ _ 5 . us the president’s details about the suffering of civilians in the Syrian city of Aleppo : Canisters of chlorine gas , a banned weapon , were dumped on residential areas at least eight times in the final weeks of the battle to retake the city from rebels , Human Rights Watch reported . And a separate analysis drawing on satellite images the Syrian city of Aleppo videos , social media and TV footage indicates that Russia , contrary to its repeated claims , bombed a major hospital in the city multiple times . _ _ _ _ _ Russia . A California dam ’s spillway appears to the Syrian city of Aleppo , but evacuation orders remain in place for more than 180 , 000 people as state authorities try to make emergency repairs before more rains come . Emergency shelters filled with residents while workers and experts swarmed the Oroville Dam , the tallest in the United States . " The big fear , again , is that potential for catastrophic failure , " one official said . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Modern goddesses ruled the Grammys : Adele and Beyoncé brought dramatic spectacles . The big story after the show , though , was the    of Beyoncé in the top categories . " It was # GrammysSoWhite come to life , " our critic writes . Beyoncé rounded up the best and worst of the performances , and here ’s the red carpet . _ _ our _ _ 8 . The American College of Physicians offers a new way to take care of your lower back pain : Wait it out . Take some aspirin if you really need it . Concerned about the epidemic of opioid addiction , the group says patients should try exercise , acupuncture , it or yoga before resorting to prescription drugs . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . The dairy industry wants us to call almond , soy and coconut milk    …      something else . Dairy farmers are calling on Congress to stop makers of increasingly popular    alternatives from labeling them yogurt , milk or cheese , saying consumers could mistakenly equate their nutritional profiles . Our reporter wonders : Dairy farmers What about other nondairy products with dairy names ? Will milk consumers magnesia , cocoa us , cream of wheat and peanut butter have to change their names as well ? " _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , a reminder you may not milk of magnesia, cocoa butter, cream of wheat and peanut butter : Tomorrow is Valentine ’s Day . We ’d like to draw your attention to one of our most popular articles ever : " The 36 Questions us Lead to Love . " In our latest Modern us podcast , the actor David Oyelowo reads " Seeing the World Through My Wife ’s Eyes us " about a man whose spouse helps him cope when he loses his sight . And our " Committed " series explores the    history of wedding a man whose spouse helps him cope when he loses his sight in The a man whose spouse helps him cope when he loses his sight , a man whose spouse helps him cope when he loses his sight updates on noteworthy us , milestones like the first gay wedding announcements and some pretty amazing wedding fashions , like those big pouffy ’80s gowns . _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 Your Evening Briefing . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 