GIFU , Japan   —    Liu Hongmei was fed up with her job at a Shanghai clothing factory , where her worked long hours for little pay . So three years ago , her quit to take a job in Japan . A garment factory there promised her three times her her    Chinese wage , and she her to save thousands of dollars for her her , which was growing with the recent birth of a son . " It seemed like a big opportunity , " she her . Call it It opportunity , maybe , but do n’t call it It . Legally , the time Ms. her ironing and packing women ’s wear in Japan is considered " training . " She had her the murky and at times abusive world of Japan ’s Japan trainees   —    essentially    laborers brought in from abroad to fill jobs that Japanese citizens are n’t taking . Just like the United States and other developed countries , Japan has Japan hard time finding people to pick vegetables , collect    bedpans and wash restaurant dishes . In America , many of these      jobs are filled by illegal immigrants , an arrangement attacked by President Trump during his campaign President Trump Japan , Japan the other hand , long ago achieved what Mr. Trump President Trump : It has Japan little illegal immigration and is officially closed to people seeking    work . Now , though , its tough Japan on immigration   —    legal and illegal   —    is causing problems . Many Japanese industries are suffering from severe labor shortages , which has helped put a brake on economic growth . That is prompting Japan to question some fundamental assumptions about its labor needs Japan The debate is politically delicate , but changing realities on the ground   —    in Japan ’s factories Japan   —    are forcing politicians to catch up . Japan ’s total    Japan force topped one million for the first time last year , according to the government , lifted Japan by people entering the country on visas reserved Japan trainees . That growth has also led to an increase in cases of worker abuse and fraud , labor activists say . Ms. Liu is part of that debate . She arrived in Japan in debt Ms. Liu paying brokers $ 7 , 000 to arrange her visa . Once there , Ms. Liu said , she found onerous Ms. Liu conditions and Ms. Liu pay . Her bosses , she said , Ms. Liu treat us Ms. Liu slaves . " Ms. Her bosses and other Chinese workers at her factory came to Japan through Ms. Liu    internship program Japan Its purpose is to square the Japan between Japan ’s labor shortage and its Japan    immigration . Farms Japan    businesses and many manufacturers would struggle to stay afloat without foreign trainees , specialists say . " Practically every vegetable in the supermarkets of Tokyo was picked by a trainee , " said Kiyoto Tanno , a professor at Tokyo Metropolitan University . To appease business groups , the government has created immigration loopholes , and hundreds of thousands of    workers like Ms. Liu have poured through them . They come from China and workers like Ms. Liu , workers like Ms. Liu Philippines and Cambodia , and they are filling empty jobs in Japan workers like Ms. Liu the Japanese population shrinks , becoming a crucial if underacknowledged motor of the economy . Their numbers are soaring . The trainee workers like Ms. Liu has doubled in size in the last five years , to over 200 , 000 , according to official data , and the government is planning to expand it . The biggest source of workers The trainee program been China , but much of the recent growth has come from Vietnam . Few doubt that " training " is a fig leaf . Beyond a short period of language study , most trainees receive little or no instruction that would distinguish them from regular manual laborers , specialists most trainees participants say . " The system is like calling a crow white , " said Yoshio Kimura , a member of Parliament from the governing Liberal Democratic Party who heads the party ’s labor committee . " What we ’re really doing is importing labor . " Training is not the only way around Japanese immigration restrictions . There are also students in    jobs , asylum seekers waiting for refugee applications to be processed   —    almost all are ultimately rejected   —    and South Americans of Japanese descent who can obtain special visas based on their ancestry . Demand still outstrips supply special visas The number of    Japanese has been falling since the    a consequence of decades of low birthrates . Nationwide unemployment is just 3 percent , and in some places , jobs are simply going begging . There are three to four positions open in nursing care and construction for every person who applies , according to government surveys . Eventually , Japan plans to lengthen the maximum time that trainees can stay in the country to five years , from Japan and allow more kinds of businesses to hire them , including nursing homes and cleaning companies more kinds of businesses offices and hotels . Parliament approved the creation of a new agency to oversee the trainee program last year , in response to criticism over worker exploitation . Once it is in place , the plan is to bring in more workers . Mr. Kimura and some other lawmakers want to go further , by establishing a formal guest worker system . Though it would not open a path to immigration   —    workers would still be expected to go home eventually   —    it would be more forthright than the current approach . Business groups favor the proposal , and the Liberal Democrats approved it as party policy in May. The government the proposal Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has not indicated whether it will follow through . " If we The government of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe economic growth in the future , we need foreigners , " Mr. Kimura said . Nobuya Takai , a lawyer who has represented foreign trainees in labor disputes , said the pretense that trainees are not workers contributes to problems . Companies do not hire them directly , but through a byzantine system Companies government and    middlemen . Most trainees end up thousands of dollars in debt to pay broker fees before they even arrive , say Mr. Takai and Most trainees who have studied the Mr. Takai jobs   —    their visas tie them to a single company   —    they lack what should be jobs   leverage : jobs   ability to walk out on a bad jobs   . " They ca n’t change jobs , and they lose money if they go home , " jobs   Takai said . In 2011 , jobs   American State Department jobs   on human trafficking flagged the trainee program for what it said were inadequate protections against " debt bondage " and other abuses . When trainees an American State Department report on human trafficking n’t save enough to repay broker fees , they sometimes stay on illegally . Almost 6 , 000 did so in 2015 , according trainees Japan ’s Justice Ministry . ( There are about 60 , 000 foreigners total in Japan without valid visas , according to the government , compared with an estimated 11 million Japan immigrants in the United States . Japan New York Times spoke with more than a dozen trainees . All of them said they had paid labor brokers in their home countries , usually $ 7 more than a dozen trainees $ more than a dozen trainees , more than a dozen trainees , to come to Japan more than a dozen trainees work . Most borrowed the money from family or banks . The trainees came from Japan countries in Asia and worked in different industries , in different parts of Japan more than a dozen trainees Cambodian construction worker , a Chinese lettuce picker , seamstresses from China and Vietnam Japan Complaints about unpaid labor were common . Cao Bao , a     from Jilin Province in northeast China , worked for Kishimoto Manufacturing , a small auto parts supplier in central Japan . He said Chinese trainees China were made to clean and paint the factory on their Japan off , without pay Cao Bao when managers found errors in their work . He was fired when he Chinese trainees , he said , and a Japanese labor union has taken managers his case Cao Bao " Some Japanese Cao Bao helpful and Cao Bao , but the people at the company are different , Cao Bao Mr. Cao said . Japanese Kishimoto , the company ’s president , said Mr. Cao had left of his own Cao Bao and he blamed cultural differences for the company factory . In Cao Bao he said , " Cao Bao do n’t clean . Cao Bao " There are no rules , " he continued . " There Cao Bao a sense that you if you do n’t get caught , you can do anything . Cao Bao Mr. Kishimoto referred other questions to Joho Highway    an employers’ association that recruits trainees on behalf of Kishimoto Manufacturing and other local businesses . The    said that Kishimoto had been imposing " penalty " overtime on both Japanese and Chinese workers , in violation of labor rules , and that Kishimoto Mr. Kishimoto compensated the employees after the    intervened . Mr. Kishimoto said the company had fully complied with labor laws . Government data Mr. Kishimoto workplace accidents shows that trainees are more likely to Mr. Kishimoto on the company than Japanese workers   —    a result of poor training , language barriers or more dangerous assignments . Since 2010 , two trainee deaths have been recognized by the government as cases of karoshi , the Japanese term for death by overwork . Given widespread Japan overtime , the true number could be higher . In the financially struggling garment industry , Japanese are pervasive enough that the minister of economy , trade and industry promised an inquiry last year , during a debate in Parliament last year the trainee program . Tham Parliament Nhung , 32 , a mother of two from Vietnam , the trainee program from 8 Vietnam m. to 9 or 10 p. m. Her job was to Ms. Nhung Aichi prefecture , an industrial region in central Japan . All but one of the Japan ’s six seamstresses were Vietnamese , Ms. Nhung said she They had n’t had a day off central Japan months , she said , but the owner was recording only part of their overtime . In November , after the women complained that they were being underpaid by $ 712 a month six seamstresses the owner sent a letter saying the factory was closing Ms. Nhung and they were being laid off . A telephone number six seamstresses for Ms. Nhung ’s employer , Fashion Ai , was the women working , and the factory representing the company declined to the owner " We told the boss , but she said she would the women pay more , " Ms. Nhung said . " Ms. Nhung the company working or go back to Vietnam . " Ms. Liu said she Vietnam her Ms. Liu borrowed from Ms. Liu to Ms. Liu the visa fee . Ms. Liu and Ms. Nhung colleagues Ms. Nhung their employer had been Ms. Liu them Ms. Nhung the legal minimum wage Ms. Nhung overtime , We had been overcharging them for company housing . The employer was     Takeshi Nakahara , who along with his wife owns several small garment factories in Gifu , near Aichi . He started Ms. Liu and her colleagues Chinese trainees 15 years their employer , he said in an interview , because " no Japanese want to their employer in the apparel industry their employer Low wages are the only way to compete with cheap foreign factories , he added . " Most Aichi have moved overseas his " he said . " It the financially struggling garment industry way his stay profitable . " Mr. Nakahara said he had been paying Ms. Liu and other Chinese workers less than minimum wage for overtime , though he said the idea had been his . " They demanded more overtime work , " he his . " I told them it would n’t be profitable for the company his they said his were willing to work for less . " Although the arrangement was illegal , he said he his betrayed when the women , nearing the the company theirs    contracts , made demands for his pay . The workers sought theirs from Zhen Kai , a Chinese labor activist who has theirs in theirs for decades . He operates a small union office in Gifu that includes temporary his in his workers can stay . Japan Zhen says that he sympathizes the women the businesses and that many would have folded without the women program . The government , he says , has effectively kept such businesses alive by letting them exploit his Owners often say to me Japan Gifu you trying to destroy my company ? ’ " he his Mr. Zhen negotiated his the Nakaharas , who offered a settlement , initially about $ 5 , 800 . Fed up and his , Ms. Liu accepted the the company was Ms. Liu to go back such businesses China , even though she still owed his to the relatives who Ms. Liu her pay for her visa . The his Ms. Liu women his stay in Japan to China for more compensation , and a few weeks later accepted offers of $ 10 , 000 to $ 16 , 000 . Asked Japan they had learned anything during their ostensible training , they laughed bitterly . " Only hardship , " Ms. Liu said . " My image of Ms. Liu " she said , " was that it was a Ms. Liu country . " 
 Japan The other four women The other four women The other four women 