While Americans are applauding President Trump ’s    turn from the immigration and border security policies of the Obama years , President Trump should take time to correct a grievous     mistake from the Bush dynasty as well . [ I am speaking about the Justice Department ’s prosecution   —    and I would add , persecution   —    of two Border Patrol agents , Jose Compean and Ignacio Ramos . The case is a good lesson in how the vast powers of the federal government can be deployed for narrow political purposes , not the ends of justice .   In February of 2005 , Border Patrol officers Ramos and Compean were patrolling the Rio Grande border near Fabens , Texas . They Border Patrol officers Ramos and Compean a van near the river that was behaving suspiciously , so they Border Patrol officers Ramos and Compean chase . The driver abandoned the vehicle and its The driver    load of drugs and fled on foot toward the river . Agent Compean caught up with him Agent Compean and a fight ensued , but the Agent Compean and continued running toward the border . Agent Ramos arrived on the scene , and both of them pursued the fleeing smuggler . When they saw them man Agent Compean wave " a shiny object " which they thought was them gun , they opened fire them him . Both Agent Compean said them did not realize them the time that a shot had hit the smuggler in the the fleeing smuggler the man kept Agent Compean disappeared into Mexico .   Weeks after the shooting occurred and as result of demands from the Mexican government , a Homeland Security Department ’s inquiry was launched , and soon after that Ramos and Compean were put on trial . They were both found guilty of Ramos and Compean a Ramos and Compean during the commission of a violent crime ! Compean received a    sentence , Compean Ramos got 11 years .     Ramos smuggler was a Mexican named Osvaldo Aldrete Davila , who was portrayed in court testimony as not a career drug smuggler but someone who had merely consented to smuggle this single load to get money to pay his mother ’s medical bills . The smuggler fairy tale was adopted not only by the smuggler and his family but also by the prosecuting U. S. Attorney to paint the drug smuggler as the innocent The smuggler Patrol brutality and criminal behavior . And get this . In exchange for his testimony against the two agents who shot him , the smuggler was given a visa his let The smuggler easy entry into the U. S. He The smuggler used the visa to help him deliver The smuggler second load a visa ! This The smuggler it was over 750 pounds of Marijuana , and he was armed when he was caught .   The smuggler arrest was never The smuggler to be admitted into the    trial . Two Texas congressmen , Ted Poe and John Culbertson , told CNN in 2007 that the truth of the matter was that Ramos and Compean had been the victim of a    by the Border Patrol ’s parent agency , the Department of Homeland Security , and that the DHS Inspector General had admitted lying to them about the case . I followed the trial closely at the time and later visited personally with Ignacio Ramos after his incarceration in a federal prison in Ohio . Earlier Ignacio Ramos in a Mississippi federal facility , he had been beaten by five Hispanic inmates who recognized Ignacio Ramos from news accounts of the trial .   In Ignacio Ramos of 2007 , both the trial House committees investigated the matter .    Senators Diana Feinstein and John Cornyn asked Bush for a commutation to time served and release from prison . He refused .   On the last day of his Presidency Bush Bush agreed to the calls for commutation . Bush course commuting Bush sentence does not wipe out the crime . Only a pardon can do that . And that is what is needed for these two men whose lives , and the lives of their families have been shattered by being held as political prisoners these two men whose lives, and the lives of their families have been shattered by being held as political prisoners after a kangaroo court trial a kangaroo court trial .   The whole scandalous story of the malicious treatment of Ramos and Compean by U. S. government prosecutors was revealed by Congressman Dana Rohrabacher in a speech on the House floor on March 19 , 2007 . I am asking you to join in the effort to persuade President Trump to grant that pardon . We can start with letters and calls to the White House and sympathetic Members of Congress . Jose Compean and Ignacio Ramos are not " dreamers " and do not have the mainstream media and the entire Democrat Party arguing their case they are Americans who deserve   a huuuge " the mainstream media and the entire Democrat Party are the mainstream media and the entire Democrat Party and apologize for what happened to you . Jose Compean and Ignacio Ramos 
 