On Thursday , Fresno State University canceled lecturer Lars Maischak ’s scheduled classes for the next week . The cancellation comes amid a Secret Service investigation that followed a Breitbart News report on Maischak ’s " Trump must hang " tweet . [ On April 8 , Breitbart News reported that the tweet , which has since been pulled , said :   To save American democracy , Trump must hang . The sooner and the higher , the better . # TheResistance#DeathToFascismhttps :   .    —    Lars Maischak ( @LarsMaischak ) February 18 , 2017 , Later that same day , the Fresno Bee quoted Maischak dismissing a Breitbart News report on Maischak , saying , " The function of articles like the one produced by Breitbart and affiliates is to whip up a digital    of people sending threats and insults to my email and Twitter accounts , with the ultimate goal of silencing dissenters . " On April 10 , Maischak emailed Maischak Bee to say that university president Joseph Castro was " allowing himself to university president Joseph Castro instrumentalized for a    smear campaign " if he took university president Joseph Castro Breitbart News report to heart . On Wednesday , Maischak closed Maischak Twitter university president Joseph Castro . He also university president Joseph Castro to the university , and president Castro university president Joseph Castro apology was a " good first step . " But Castro indicated an university president Joseph Castro into Maischak ’s Maischak ongoing . On April 12 , the Bee reported that the FBI and Secret Service were " probing " Maischak ’s tweets Maischak And Castro said he had university president Joseph Castro been university president Joseph Castro frequent contact with the FBI , Secret FBI Homeland Security Secret Service Saturday . " On April 13 , the Bee reported that the Bee the Bee cancelled Maischak ’s Monday Maischak Tuesday classes for next week . Maischak teaches history Maischak specializing in the 19th century United States . He also teaches Maischak course on intellectual history , called " Marx and Hegel for Historians . " AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins , a Breitbart News podcast . He is also Breitbart News analyst for AWR Hawkins American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach AWR Hawkins directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com . AWR Hawkins 