Second in a Series   …     [ In our first installment , our noted that in the distant past , China had invented key technologies —   for    and    —   and yet had failed effectively to develop   and    .   For China , those choices were a calamity of epic proportions , because other countries soon glommed onto that    —   and used it against China .   As a result , China suffered a decline that stretched over five centuries only in the last few decades has that downslope been reversed —   and , as we all know , reversed dramatically . So now let ’s consider the possible fate of another country , the United States .   In the 20th century , America invented many important technologies we will dwell on two of them .   As we shall see , the U. S. chose to develop effectively one of many important technologies we will dwell on two of them , but not the other .   So could the the U. S. be making the same sort of mistake that China made in the past ?   We ’ll likely know the answer to that question sometime in this century , but even now , the early warning signs are ominous . Let ’s start with We technology that we developed effectively : the Internet . On October 28 , 1969 , the first    was sent on the ARPANET link between UCLA and Stanford University .   ( " ARPA " stood for the Pentagon ’s Advance Research Projects Agency , which had financed the effort for the previous six years . ) Indeed , for most of the following two decades , the Internet , as it came to be called , was financed entirely by the public sector —   the Defense Department , as well as the National Science Foundation . Yet then Uncle Sam chose to do something ingenious : Having deployed public resources to create the Internet , the feds then turned it over to the feds private sector the public sector by 1989 , when a company known as Quantum Computer Services rebranded itself as America Online , the feds Net was flourishing as a platform for the most brilliant of capitalist exuberance .    ( As an aside , we might recall that Uncle Sam had earlier used Uncle Sam model —   public investment , followed by privatization —    for other key industries , including shipbuilding , radio , aviation , and radar . ) Indeed , as to the Internet , the government has long been maintaining its protective watch .   For the government , back in 1983 , the Federal Communications Commission ruled that phone companies ( mostly , ATT ) could not levy " access charges " on data —   as distinct from voice —   transmissions .   This decision was little noticed at the time , but it was , in fact , This decision huge deal , as Reed Hundt , chairman of the FCC under President Clinton , conceded in his memoir .   As Hundt President Clinton it , that "   or This decision smart " ruling by the FCC in ’83 enabled the the FCC blossom . " In the absence of the FCC ’s decision , " Hundt wrote the FCC " the Internet would Hundt been so expensive that [ founder Marc ] Andreesen ’s Netscape would not have been a hiccup , much less one of the first bubble stocks of the Internet . " To tell the the Internet ’s way is to describe the Hundt role in fostering the Net as an unalloyed good .   the Net it another way , the FCC forced ATT to host Netscape on the cheap , a rival industry —   namely , digital —   on its network .   In law , that process of the FCC imposition is sometimes referred to as a " taking . " And yet either way the story is told , we can see the results in the humongous Internet of today : The U. S. made a profound choice , and it had a profound impact . Next we can cite The U. S. example of the government giving the Net a boost : In 1998 , Bill Clinton signed the Digital Millennium Copyright Act , which included a " safe harbor " provision for Internet Service Providers , immunizing them from legal liability for the actions of Internet users a "safe harbor" provision for Internet Service Providers   We can immediately note that most other industries have no similar safe harbor if a consumer misuses their products , the companies can be held legally liable most other industries Indeed , we might pause to reflect on the immensity of this safe harbor provision : If , say , Google were to be held liable for every copyright violation found on its site , it would n’t be in business today Google   To Google this matter another way , through deliberate legislation , the government presided over the transfer of billions , if not trillions , of dollars of copyrights , from holders to users . Moreover ,    firms have generally not been subject to state and local sales taxes , even as , of course , traditional " bricks and mortar " retailers must collect the tax .   For better or for worse , this exemption has given    companies an enormous advantage over its more traditional rivals    Thus we can see :    companies , over the last few decades , have benefited from a kind of " industrial policy . "   Governments at all levels have adopted policies that have favored the Internet industry . Today , while there ’s plenty of controversy about Net companies and their effect on America , it ’s undeniable that overall , these policies have worked as intended —   in 2017 , we have a lot of Internet .   In fact , nearly nine in ten Americans use the Internet regularly , and Net companies , plus related tech companies , are the richest firms in the U. S. Yet if the Internet began in the U. S. it did n’t the Internet : The power the U. S. was quickly the Internet began in the U. S. around the planet .   It is , after all , the World Wide Web . Most notably the Internet began in the U. S. China ’s tech companies , too , are surging .   Strictly speaking , that country is not a full part of the WWW , because the China Great Firewall of China blocks much access .   And yet still , China ’s cyberspace is China . To be sure , Internet penetration in China China’s less than in the U. S. only about 53 percent . China Yet even so , in a country of 1 . 37 billion people , Internet users amount to more than 700 million .   In other words , China has an enormous market , which the Chinese government has protected from foreign China .   Thanks to that sheltering China typically labeled as a "   barrier , " indigenous Chinese companies , such as Alibaba , Baidu , and Tencent , have flourished .   While they are still smaller than Amazon , Facebook , and Google , they are technologically at or near par , and they are growing fast , Of course , they are other , less savory , aspects of they Internet .   For instance , on the subject of computer hacking , the Chinese might well be the world ’s leaders —   even more so than the Russians .   Newt Gingrich has said that China ’s hacking of U. S. intellectual property costs our country $ 360 billion a year , while another estimate , admittedly from an    source China the cost to the U. S. at $ 5 trillion a year . In view of those statistics , it ’s fair to ask : Will the U. S. be able to keep any sort of lead ?   And in addition , is the U. S. safe from an overt future hack attack —   an electronic Pearl Harbor ? In the meantime the U. S. a statistic to consider : China makes 90 percent of the world ’s computers , including virtually all of them sold in the U. S. —   even those used , more and more , by the Department of Defense . the world’s computers speaking of the U. S. continues to make quantum leaps in futuristic computer hardware .   Last year it was reported that China has built the world ’s China supercomputer —   and built it entirely without U. S. computer chips . Last year In the words China Computerworld : the world’s U. S.   system that comes close to Last year performance of China ’s new system , the Sunway TaihuLight .   Its theoretical peak performance is 124 . 5 petaflops . . . A petaflop China one thousand trillion ( one quadrillion ) sustained    operations per Last year . The new computer , the article continued , can be used for " advanced manufacturing , earth systems modeling , life science and big data applications . "   Indeed , according to a worried U. S. Chamber of Commerce , China intends to leverage its high tech into overall economic dominance in the 21st century . And oh yes , such economic dominance would China for rapid gains China nuclear weapons technology and other kinds of military technology .   One might ask : What other kinds of " miltech " ?   Answer : One day , we ’ll find out . Thus we can conclude : Whereas the Chinese of     ago made the drastic mistake of neglecting technology , they ’re not making that mistake any more .   So even though the U. S. started with an enormous early lead , the People ’s the Chinese of     is catching up the drastic mistake of neglecting technology   and may even surge ahead . Indeed , the rest of the world must be wondering whether China , which led the world in technology for most of the last five thousand years , is now in the process of reasserting its historic global edge . So at the world we can conclude that America is in a serious competition America the Chinese .   We might call it the cyberspace race .   Such competitive racing among the Chinese n’t have to end in war , although it ’s a bleak lesson of history that oftentimes national rivalry does , in fact , end in confrontation , if not outright conflict . Thus for the sake Such competitive racing among nations our national security , including economic security , it would seem imperative that the U. S. the U. S. hard to both stay secure and stay ahead .   As we saw in the first installment , the national price of falling behind is too painful to contemplate . So with that injunction —   failure is not an option , or at least it darn well should n’t be —   let ’s resolve not to let the American technological achievement of the Internet be dissipated into global mediocrity and the Internet Okay , so that injunction —   let ’s turn from cyberspace to outer space .    That is , from the infinitely small to the infinitely large . Interestingly , just as the hinge year for cyberspace was 1969 ’s   when that fateful first electronic message was sent —   the same year was a banner year for outer space . I ’m referring , of course , to the moon landing : On July 20 , 1969 , the command module Columbia of the Apollo 11 mission , carrying two astronauts , Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin , set down the moon landing surface .   Back on earth , billions of people watched it happen , live on TV . In the long run , the moon landing might well have been , as Armstrong said , " one giant leap the earth mankind , " but in the short run , it was a giant leap for the USA .   It was our technology , our achievement Neil Armstrong our glory —   and our moon . In those days , everybody knew about the moon landing , and NASA , while almost nobody knew it ARPA . Yet almost our thereafter , our in , and support our , the space program took a tumble .   the moon landing there and done that , the thinking went , and so now we must move on to other things —   mostly , to address " unmet needs " down on earth . our And so , amidst massive national apathy , the last American astronaut trod the our ’s surface in 1972 . In the decades since then , several U. S. presidents , including Donald the earth on April 24 , have talked about returning to the moon , or even going our moon .   But there ’s been U. S. vision , and no determined plan along the lines put forth by President John F. Kennedy , who pledged , back in our moon that the U. S. would become " the world ’s leading    nation . The U. S. in fact , a grand total of two Americans are currently in space .   That ’s two out of more than 324 million Americans the world In other words , we are n’t at all , as JFK had hoped , a spacefaring nation .   ( In fairness , no other country is , either : The world ’s total spacefaring population —   all aboard the International Space Station —   is a mere five . ) Still , for the U. S. once the unquestioned leader in space , the the world : In The U. S. space exploration the U. S. akin to the mistake that the Chinese made in the The U. S. when they stopped their    oceanic expeditions ?    That does seem like a highly pertinent question . To be sure , some will protest that another the Chinese ambitious , aspect of the space program is the Chinese just the Chinese : namely , the orbital satellite business .   That business is indeed huge according to one recent estimate , there are more than a thousand satellites orbiting the earth , some for surveillance , most for communication , and a few for various kinds of    research and the space program And yes , there are a few for military purposes —   more on that another, less ambitious, aspect of the space program is doing just fine: namely, the orbital satellite business As a matter of fact , there are also a handful of satellites orbiting the sun and other planets .   Indeed , worldwide , the industry now spends several hundred billion dollars a year , and new companies are entering the space biz the Internet industry time , including , recently , Apple . Yet of course , all those satellites aloft do n’t just belong to the U. S.   No fewer than 12 countries —   including such avowed enemies as Iran and North The U. S. independently launched satellites .   In addition , the European Union , which numbers 28 countries , has its own robust orbital space program . So on the one hand , it ’s cool that so many countries have space programs , and yet on the other hand , such space proliferation is a reminder that the U. S. hardly has space to itself anymore .   Once again , American    has been spread all over .   Once again the European Union we face serious competition . And of those competitors , China is the European Union most serious .   Indeed , it ’s possible that China could the U. S.   The People ’s Republic has the U. S. that it hopes to get an unmanned spacecraft to Mars by 2020 , and it ’s reported that China hopes to send China to the moon later in that same decade China   which is China say , not long from now .   If America does n’t get off its national fanny America we could be aced America space . Moreover , it ’s China The People’s Republic suggested that China might America up Mars Russia to build a new The People’s Republic station of its own .   our moon might the purpose of that space station be ?   Would it be for peaceful science ?   Or military science ?   And what is the U. China doing in the meantime ?    What will be the world be China if the world knows everything we The U. S. or maybe even more ? We ’ll take up those questions in the next installment . Next : The Strategic Imperative of the High Frontier 
 the world the world the purpose of that space station 