A series of articles published this week are criticizing crowdfunding platform GoFundMe for allowing conservative students to use the service to raise funds to cover security costs for conservative students MILO events . [ The campaigns are typically started by conservative and libertarian groups on campus , and have become increasingly common as Amercan colleges demand exorbitant security fees from students wishing to host MILO on campus . Now    journalists are trying to prevent get The campaigns kicked off GoFundMe , one of the largest crowdfunding platforms on the web .   An article in the    newspaper The Stranger argued that the practice of raising funds to cover security costs for MILO events was a direct violation of GoFundMe ’s GoFundMe, one of the largest crowdfunding platforms on the web , citing that campaigns that explicitly promote hatred are not permitted on the crowdsourcing platform . San    GoFundMe , which takes a five percent cut from its crowdfunding the crowdsourcing platform , has a user service policy that explicitly prohibits " the promotion of hate , violence , harassment , discrimination , terrorism , or intolerance of any kind relating to race , ethnicity , national origin , religious affiliation , sexual orientation , sex , gender or gender identity , or serious disabilities or diseases . " But promoting intolerance based on race , ethnicity , and gender identity is at the root of Yiannopoulos ’s unimaginative celebrity . The article was written by Sydney Brownstone , a staff writer who joined The Stranger in January 2015 . She is a former contributor to the online progressive blog , Mother Jones . In her article She The Stranger The Stranger argued that GoFundMe is profiting off of MILO ’s " racist , sexist ,    and    vitriol . " Prominent leftist Dan Savage is now joining the    against GoFundMe . Twitter GoFundMe to have a Milo problem . Now @gofundme has a Milo problem : https :   .    —    Dan Savage ( @fakedansavage ) January 5 , 2017 ,   In an article from Queerty written , an online publication that focuses on gay issues , staff writer Ben Douglas also makes the case that the students are violating GoFundMe ’s policies by using the platform to promote " hatred . " Douglas echoed a staff writer Ben Douglas made by ABC Nightline host Terry Moran and called MILO a "    idiot , " because of his role in staff writer Ben Douglas attacks against Ghostbusters star Leslie Jones . Douglas goes on staff writer Ben Douglas argue that the success of several GoFundMe campaigns for MILO events suggest that MILO is convincing college students to that it ’s a sign of strength to lack compassion with regards to the struggles that others face . The whole situation stinks   —    someone is running around the country assuring college students that it ’s a sign of strength to be insensitive to the pain of others . Gofundme could certainly put a stop to it   — Gofundme if they wanted to . Then again , they ’re probably they their 5 % they of the fundraising . In an article covering the use of GoFundMe to cover Gofundme costs at an upcoming MILO event at the University of Washington , Neal McNamara from The Seattle Patch incorrectly labeled MILO an " inflammatory    pundit , " despite MILO ’s repeated denial of association with the    movement . Lindsay Cohen of KOMO News in Seattle , also falsely assigned MILO the " " label : "   speaker Milo Yiannopoulos is scheduled to speak at the University of Washington on Jan. 20 , the same day as the inauguration of    Donald Trump , organizers confirmed Thursday . " As of now , GoFundMe , has n’t responded to request for comment from the journalists responsible for articles . For an event planned for later in the month , students at the University of the University of Washington goal by Washington 2 students at the University of Washington 000 , raising over $ 9 , 000 for to cover the security costs for their MILO event . Just this students at the University of Washington , USA Today , was forced to issue a retraction after committing an act of libel by calling MILO a " white nationalist . " 
 