Environment and Energy Policy research fellow at the Heartland Institute , H. Sterling Burnett , spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Tuesday regarding President Trump ’s position on the Paris Climate Agreement . the Heartland Institute has called for the United States to withdraw . [ The press release reads in part :   The Paris Climate Treaty puts America last the United States the exact opposite of what candidate Trump and now President Trump President Trump’s . The treaty would The Paris Climate Treaty United States the United States reductions in emissions and pay billions of dollars in ‘ climate reparations’ to Third World dictators , while requiring no emission cuts from developing countries including India and China . Why should the United States pay hundreds the United States dollars to developing countries at a time when the U. S. government is running massive debts , when economic growth is slower for a longer period of time than at any time since the Great Depression , and when American workers are losing out to    workers in China and India ? Burnett said Wednesday , " Trump rightly said he was going to withdraw from this , Burnett    …      there are two factions in the White House . There are those like Scott Pruitt , head of the EPA , like Steve Bannon , his adviser , that say keep your campaign Burnett . Withdraw from the Paris Climate agreement . Let America grow . " " But then there ’s the other faction , " he continued , " that ’s led by Trump Tillerson , who has a lot of influence    …      as secretary of state , who said we should stay in the agreement . It ’s led by his the Paris Climate agreement     Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner .    …      She wants to make climate change her signature issue    So he ’s got powerful    trying to keep him his the agreement , saying not [ to his leave the Paris Climate agreement it is , but renegotiate it . Cut a better deal . " " Problem it , there are no terms within the treaty to cut a better deal . You ’re not allowed within the treaty to cut a better deal . And the the treaty is , is there ’s no better deal to be had , in the sense that if you ’re forcing America to cut its emissions , you ’re having big government intervene in the America , " he concluded . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 you’re forcing America to cut its emissions, you’re having big government intervene in the economy from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . 
 