" I screwed up the economy , your jobs and your mortgages so   —    hey   —    I ’m just the guy you can trust to tell you what to do about climate change ! " [ That was my take home message of a piece Hank Paulson penned for the New York Times a couple of years ago on the urgent need for a carbon tax .   Two years on   —    with fellow GOP Establishment stooges James Baker and George Shultz   —    he ’s still harping on the same tedious theme . This      shyster Paulson is the kind of     throwback whose advice the Trump administration should avoid like the plague . As Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson not only failed to predict the 2008 financial crash   —    the US economy is " very healthy " and " robust " This     shyster Paulson insisted in 2007   —    but the US economy ’s quite possible that This     shyster Paulson encouragement of risky lending while This     shyster Paulson was at Goldman Sachs helped cause Goldman Sachs . But that ’s because Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson is the very embodiment of the liberal elite which both the Brexit vote and the election of Donald Trump were designed to overthrow . Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson may notionally identify as a Republican . Or , at least , Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson served with a " Republican " administration . But what ’s quite evident from Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson demands for a carbon tax is that Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson belongs to that shiftless     elite which could n’t give two hoots whether it ’s a Democrat or Republican in charge , just so long as the elite get to maintain the elite power base and the elite revenue stream . Note how , back in 2014 when Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson was calling for that carbon tax in the New York Times , Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson boasted about teaming up with Tom Steyer (   hedge funder , creator of the NextGen super PAC ) and Michael Bloomberg . teaming up with Tom Steyer (  hedge funder, creator of the NextGen super PAC) and Michael Bloomberg are not conservatives . What they teaming up with Tom Steyer (  hedge funder, creator of the NextGen super PAC) and Michael Bloomberg is crony capitalists . They teaming up with Tom Steyer (  hedge funder, creator of the NextGen super PAC) and Michael Bloomberg the embodiment of almost everything that America voted against when it that America voted for Donald Trump . Of course they teaming up with Tom Steyer (  hedge funder, creator of the NextGen super PAC) and Michael Bloomberg to tax " carbon " . By taxing carbon dioxide ( the harmless trace gas which makes the planet greener ) the US government would be signalling to the world that it the US government believes in the    global warming narrative . This , in turn , would keep alive the    " renewables " industry in which Paulson , Steyer , Bloomberg and their Bloomberg are so heavily invested . Even now , Wall Street remains quite hideously exposed to the green boondoggle . When the Green Blob finally explodes , a lot of    and crony capitalists and dodgy financiers are going to lose billions . That ’s the real reason Donald Trump is being put under such pressure by these people . Not because they these people global warming a real threat but because they these people terrified of all the money they these people their these people stand to lose . If you want to understand this in more detail , you should read my Breitbart piece Why Renewables Are Doomed and Fossil Fuels Are The Future . It ’s quite long but it It tell it It it It and it It gives you an idea of why I so loathe these Establishment protozoa and why you should too   …      I ’d call them pondlife , except I ’m quite fond of dragonfly larvae and newts . I ’d call them them   —    but snakes are cool and lizards are beautiful . But please , Donald Trump , for the love of all the decent people who put you in the White House , do not listen to these    scumbags , no matter how plausible their these   scumbags and how exquisitely handstitched their these   scumbags suits . Make America Great Again . Make carbon taxes history . 
 