During Friday ’s Weekly Address , President Donald Trump discussed the importance of women to the economy , saying President Donald Trump will deliver on President Donald Trump promise to help women in the workforce and ensuring women in the workforce have " equal access to the capital , markets and networks of support that women in the workforce need . "   Transcript as follows : My fellow Americans , we have taken major steps during the first few weeks of my administration to remove wasteful regulations and get we people back to work . I ’ve been saying I was going to do that for a long time . This week , I signed two pieces of legislation to remove burdens on our economy , continued to keep my promises to the American people , and so much more . I signed House Joint Resolution 38 , which eliminates an    regulation put forward by unelected bureaucrats . Our coal miners have been treated horribly , and Our are going to turn that around , and Our ’re gon na turn it around quickly . Our are going to fight for lower energy prices for all Americans as part of the deal . That ’s why I also signed a resolution to eliminate a costly regulation    imposed on American energy companies . By stopping a costly regulation   imposed on American energy companies , we were able to save American companies and workers millions and millions of dollars in    compliance costs . But to truly succeed as a country , we must realize the full potential of women in our we . That is why I was thrilled to host the White House ’s Women Business Leaders Roundtable . Very exciting . Great women . As president , I am committed to ensuring that women entrepreneurs have equal access to the capital , markets and networks of support that they women entrepreneurs   —    and I mean really need . And it ’s going to happen . This is a priority for my administration . I campaigned on helping women in the workforce and we are going to deliver on that promise , believe me . In fact , as part of my first official meeting with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau , this week we we the creation of the Joint United    Council for Advancement of Women Entrepreneurs and Business Leaders . Actually , very exciting . The United States also reaffirmed our we bond this this week our we ally Israel . It was an honor to welcome my friend Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to the White House . I affirmed to the prime minister America ’s commitment to working with Israel and Israel allies and partners toward greater security and stability . The threat of terrorism   —    and believe me it is a threat   —    must be confronted and defeated and we will defeat it . it share we Israel our Israel we that we must we all innocent human life . So as you head into Presidents’ Day weekend , the American people should know that we are we tirelessly on your behalf . We are we here for the benefit of bureaucrats , consultants or pundits . We are we to work for you and only for you , the American people . Thank you , God bless you and God bless God . Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent 
 