BuzzFeed ’s Mitch Prothero traveled all the way to Hungary to dig up dirt on White House foreign policy advisor Dr. Sebastian Gorka   —    and discovered that BuzzFeed’s Mitch Prothero is neither a Nazi or an antisemite , but merely a    conservative . [ BuzzFeed’s Mitch Prothero did BuzzFeed’s Mitch Prothero best to smear Gorka . BuzzFeed’s Mitch Prothero describes the former Breitbart News editor ( inaccurately ) as having " failed BuzzFeed’s Mitch Prothero way upwards " ( a description that could apply equally to the career paths of many of BuzzFeed ’s own crack reporters ) .   But in the search for evidence of Gorka ties to BuzzFeed’s Mitch Prothero came up short , despite contacting Gorka ’s former Gorka Hungary and members of the Hungarian counterintelligence service . Gorka ’s Hungarian critics Gorka not shy to attack him , either : Hungarian describe him rather viciously . Hungarian so , they say that Gorka Gorka’s Hungarian critics not a Gorka or an antisemite . " Sebastian Gorka is not Gorka or a security threat Nazi he is some sort of Gorka British agent , " said a member of the Hungarian counter intelligence service , who has reviewed the files a security background check on Gorka from 2002 . " Gorka is , how do Gorka say in English   —    a peddler of snake oil . "    …      Gorka ’s rejection for a Gorka Hungarian ] security clearance to serve on the committee was a devastating blow to his reputation in Hungary . He had come to be his as a    the intelligence official said , while the minor ties to the British government that had been established were enough to alienate him from much of the his nationalist right .    …      This chimes with the views of some of those who knew him in Hungary , who his Gorka Hungary    and keenly    but whose views set him outside the   . his …      " Within the context of historical Hungarian fascism , Gorka never appeared to be Gorka interested in these [ extreme ,   ] movements , having always been a supporter of the    Atlantic alliances and an advocate for Hungarian integration into the West , " he said . " So Gorka do n’t think it ’s fair to characterize him as a Nazi , Gorka he ’s more of a Gorka . "    …      " The charges that Gorka supports    movements " Gorka —    such as Jobbik , which has been roundly criticized by human rights groups across Europe   —    " does n’t seem consistent with his attitude or background when Gorka was here in Hungary Gorka " said Horvath , citing Gorka ’s loud    stance Gorka " While all    seem to be Nazis , not everyone in the Hungarian right is a racist because there ’s a lot of diversity in thought . " When asked about the controversy over Gorka ’s use of his Gorka ’s Order of Gorka medals and title , Molnar first dismissed the complaint , arguing that the Order was fairly common in Hungarian political circles , and is associated with nationalism rather than ideology . Porter also confirms what was first reported here at Breitbart News   —    that the medal Gorka wore at the inauguration , which was awarded to his father for his anticommunist Porter by an Porter called the Vitezi Rend , had nothing to do with the historical Vitezi Rend that had ties to the    Hungarian regime in the Second World War . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was Breitbart News   of the Joel B. Pollak most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of How Joel B. Pollak Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak 
 The Inside Story of a Revolution 