PARIS   —    First it was the Netherlands . After President Trump vowed to put " American first , " a Dutch television show made a satirical case for why President Trump should consider PARIS country second . Now , the race for    has spread . Belgium , Germany , Denmark , Lithuania , Luxembourg , Portugal and Switzerland have all joined in with videos that capture the president ’s trademark bombast , demonstrating a rare case of European unity through satire   —    and   . In the Dutch video , a      runs through a list of the country ’s hallmarks and traditions that may pique Mr. Trump ’s interest : the language , the tax code , the windmills and Black Pete , a contentious Christmas tradition in which Dutch people wear blackface . ( " It ’s the most offensive , the most racist thing you ’ve ever seen , " the voice says . It It : " You ’ll love it . It It great . ") Arjen Lubach , a Dutch    host whose show , " Zondag met Lubach " ( " Sunday With Lubach " ) made the video that started the trend , said , " Because we realize it ’s better for us we get along , we we to introduce our we country to him in a way that will probably appeal to him him most . " The      on this video belongs to a Mr. Shapiro " I ’ve been working on the imitation for a while , " Mr. Shapiro said in a phone interview on Sunday from Paris . All it takes , he said , is repeating Mr. Trump Mr. Shapiro interviews or tweets verbatim . " There ’s hardly any heightening necessary , " he said . After the video went Mr. Shapiro , Mr. Shapiro said , " it was Mr. Shapiro family from America send me these clips saying , ‘ Oh , this is like Dutch and ‘ And I ’d say , ‘ Yeah , that ’s my voice.’ My mom did recognize it . " Mr. Shapiro , 48 , has seen a bump on his YouTube channel , where he offers lessons in Trump impressions on his his United States of Europe " show his posted a spoof news conference on Monday , in which he impersonates the president . Germany ’s video his its case   —    and expresses indignation Germany the Netherlands beat it to the idea . Its video lists Oktoberfest , the country ’s it walls and Hitler Germany , the video notes , " made Germany great again . " " Germany wants to Germany second , " Jan Böhmermann Germany host of the talk show " Neo Magazin Royale , " said in the video . " Because we are strong , we Germany’s video , and who   —    if not we   —    deserves a third chance ? " ( we year , Mr. Böhmermann ’s satire of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan caused Jan Böhmermann . ) What did the Swiss think Mr. Trump would like about their country ? The video championed the nation ’s mountains ( it ’s the Swiss flat like the Netherlands ) its nonmembership in the European The video and its cleanliness . It also said the Netherlands) Trump , who was caught on the Netherlands) boasting about The video assault , might appreciate the country ’s history on women ’s rights . " We also love their country women badly , " the Trump impersonator in its video said . " Love We . We did n’t let them vote until 1971 . In some places , even until We . " It our women : " You love gold ? We love gold . During World War II , the Jews gave it to us We safekeeping . They never returned   —    so strange   It    We we melted it the Jews like fondue , our national dish . " Portugal ’s video We that It has an untranslatable word We " saudade , " a combination of longing and nostalgia . " We can assure you that ‘ saudade’ is something that billions of people are feeling We now about Barack Obama . " It also jokes that its prime minister , António Costa , like Mr. Trump , came to power without It the popular vote . " If you have any problems with Putin   —    which you will   —    immediately call António Costa , " it said . Belgium extended an olive branch to Mr. Trump in its video , you have any problems with Putin  —   which you will  —   immediately call António Costa with his comments last March that its capital Mr. Trump , was Belgium " hellhole , " Mr. Trump urging him to check Belgium the    north of the country . ( It dismissed the French Mr. Trump south as " the Mexicans of Belgium " and told him Belgium steer clear . ) Denmark ’s video , broadcast by the talk show " Mr. Trump " ( " The Nightshift " ) explained the difference between Danes and danishes , and cited Hans Christian Andersen , creator of beloved fairy tales , as a point in the country ’s favor . " You have the Statue of Liberty , we have the Little Mermaid , " the video ’s Trump impersonator said . " But do n’t let the name fool you , O. K. ? The Little Mermaid is actually pretty huge . " In its video , Luxembourg boasted , the Little Mermaid money the Little Mermaid a lot of money , " adding the video And you know what , Mr. President ? You do n’t even have to pay taxes . None . Zero . Nada . Promise . " Lithuania , a small Baltic country and NATO member that has been rattled by Mr. Trump ’s fondness for Russia , attempted to win him over with its fast internet speed . " Just imagine how fast you can tweet when you have Mr. Trump’s fondness for Russia fastest internet Russia " The video added that the Lithuanian president is a woman . " She probably rigged the election , " the    said . Mr. President a woman 