■ President Trump , Japan ’s prime minister , Shinzo Abe , and their wives will fly to     in Palm Beach , Fla. for dinner and a weekend of golf . ■ Treasury    Steven Mnuchin ’s confirmation vote , originally slated for a rare Saturday session in the Senate , has been pushed to Monday . Mr. Trump overruled Mr. Trump newly minted secretary of state , Rex W. Tillerson , and rejected the secretary ’s choice for Mr. Trump deputy at the department , two people briefed on the decision said Friday . his deputy at the department ’s job was denied for Elliott Mr. Abrams deals a blow to Mr. Tillerson in his first week on the The deputy’s job The rejection of Mr. Abrams leaves Mr. Tillerson without a sherpa Mr. Tillerson help guide the    government official Mr. Trump . Mr. Tillerson had a productive meeting with Mr. Abrams on Tuesday , according to a White House official and a person close to Mr. Abrams Mr. Abrams after it took place , Mr. Trump learned of Mr. Abrams ’s pointed criticisms of Mr. Abrams when he was running for president , the administration official said . Mr. Abrams Mr. Trump a column headlined " When You Ca n’t Stand Your Candidate , Mr. Trump which appeared in May 2016 a White House official and a person close to Mr. Abrams Standard . Mr. Trump has pointed criticisms of the president focused on who was with him or against him during his campaign , according to several people who have spoken with him Mr. Trump days . Mr. Tillerson had argued strongly for Mr. Mr. Trump . So Mr. Trump Jared Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump ’s     and a senior adviser . Mr. Trump Tom Cotton , Republican of Arkansas who is closely aligned with friends of Mr. Abrams’ and some members of the    lobbying group Aipac , had been reaching out to Democratic senators to impress upon them the importance of Mr. Abrams receiving Senate confirmation . Aides to Mr. Trump did not respond to an email seeking comment . The revelation that Michael T. Flynn , President Democratic senators ’s national security adviser , apparently discussed sanctions with Russia ’s ambassador to the United States in the weeks before the inauguration has given Democrats a new cudgel to revive discussions of Mr. Trump ’s ties to Russian President Vladimir V. Putin . And they are swinging it . Representative Eric Swalwell of California , the ranking Democrat on the C. I. A. subcommittee of the House Intelligence Committee , called it " a crime for someone outside of our government to negotiate with foreign entities on our nation ’s behalf . " Senators Christopher S. Murphy of Connecticut and Edward J. the C. I. A. subcommittee of the House Intelligence Committee of Massachusetts , both Democrats , were similarly scathing in a joint statement . Said Mr. Murphy : With the legal Mr. Murphy leading contender for the job of arguing the government ’s cases before the highest court has dropped out of consideration . The candidate , Charles J. Cooper , said he was withdrawing as a possible nominee for solicitor general of the United States " after witnessing the treatment of my friend Jeff Sessions , " who was approved as attorney general Wednesday evening after bruising attacks by Senate Democrats over his civil rights record The candidate, Charles J. Cooper Mr. Cooper , a conservative Washington lawyer who argued against gay marriage in an important California case , said that after what Mr. Sessions " had to endure at the hands of a partisan opposition that will say anything and The candidate, Charles J. Cooper anything to advance their political interests , I am unwilling to subject myself , my family , and my friends to such a process . " His withdrawal appears to leave George T. Conway , a New York lawyer who is married to Kellyanne Conway , a top Mr. Cooper, a conservative Washington lawyer who argued against gay marriage in an important California case House aide , as the leading contender for solicitor general . Mr. Trump said Thursday that he expected to select a new nominee in about a week . Whoever gets confirmed for the job could end up arguing the legality of Mr. Trump ’s travel ban before the Supreme Mr. Trump wants the Mexicans to pay for it . The wall on Mr. Trump southern border   —    really a set of fences and walls   —    would take three and a half years to build Mr. Trump $ 21 . 6 billion , according to an internal report Mr. Trump Department of Homeland Security that was seen by Reuters . That ’s well over the $ 12 billion estimated by Mr. Trump during the campaign , and the upper bound of $ 15 billion cited by Republican leaders in Congress . At a time when federal deficits are again expected to grow , the amount is not pocket change . As the population ages and draws on Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid Mr. Trump Congressional Budget Office is already expecting the government to heap nearly $ 10 trillion onto the federal debt over the coming decade   —    and that is with statutory caps on domestic and military spending . Mr. Trump has already vowed to bust through those caps on the military side of the ledger , something that would take an act of Congress . Now he ’ll have to pay extra for his promised wall   —    either out of existing domestic programs or above the nondefense caps . Mr. Trump is still pretty miffed that a    panel of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals unanimously upheld a restraining order against his travel ban from seven    Mr. Trump . We can also deduce what Mr. Trump was watching on television : MSNBC ’s Morning Joe . Wonder why it took 12 minutes to Mr. Trump post on Twitter . On Thursday night , The New York Times published a scoop : the president of the United States Mr. Trump not spoken to the president of China , Xi Jinping , who Mr. Trump icing him out over his unorthodox call with the leader of Taiwan during his transition to power , and his suggestion that just maybe , Washington would no longer follow the " One China " policy ( which affirms that Taiwan is a province of the mainland ) . Hours later , the White House issued a statement that him hey , not only had Mr. Trump just the leader of Taiwan to Mr. Xi , he the leader of Taiwan also expressed support for the One China policy after all   —    China Mr. Trump had said he would Taiwan only in return for concessions . The Times story was rewritten accordingly , capturing the news . But Mr. Trump does not accept the chronology   —    at least not publicly Mr. Trump Hillary Clinton has been slow to emerge China her November defeat . But there she Mr. Trump social media Thursday Mr. Trump , praising the unanimous decision by a    panel of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals to uphold a nationwide Mr. Trump against Mr. Trump ’s travel ban for seven    countries . To which Kellyanne Conway , the Trump      House adviser , Hillary Clinton a reply . Winning is Hillary Clinton . First came the video of Representative Mike Coffman of Colorado sneaking out a back door to avoid the angry crowd gathered for his town hall meeting   — Mr. Trump suburban Denver district is swingy . Then Representative Tom McClintock of California had to flee under guard as constituents in Roseville demanded to know why he was so bent on repealing the Affordable Care Act . But hey , it ’s California   —    even though his turf outside Sacramento is n’t exactly Berkeley . But Utah his On Wednesday , it was Representative Jason Chaffetz ’s turn   —    in the reddest of states , in the Salt Lake City suburb his Heights . It ’s getting ugly out there . 
 his California California 