While Democrats derided Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions , calling him a racist , Sen. Ted Cruz reminded America that the " Klan was founded by a great many Democrats . " [ " The Democrats are the party of the Ku Klux Klan , " Sen. Ted Cruz ( . ) said in an interview on Fox News on Wednesday . " You look at the most racist . You look at the Dixiecrats The Democrats were Democrats who imposed segregation , imposed Jim Crow laws , who founded the Klan . the Klan was founded by a great many Democrats . Now , the a great many Democrats accuse anyone they disagree a great many Democrats of being a racist " :   . @tedcruz : " Democrats are the party of the Ku Klux Klan . " pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) February 9 , 2017 ,   Indeed , Sen. Sessions , President Donald Trump ’s newly confirmed U. S. attorney general , faced a ceaseless barrage of personal attacks from    activists and his Democratic President Donald Trump in Congress . Immediately after Trump picked President Donald Trump for attorney general , the left launched a concerted campaign to cast the Alabama senator as a bigot unfit to head the Justice Department . Senator Cruz ’s defense of Sessions puts the Democratic party ’s pernicious past in the national spotlight . Cruz accused Senator Cruz’s of imposing " Jim Crow " laws . Every former Confederate state ( including Kentucky , Kansas , Wyoming , Missouri , Ohio , Utah , and Oklahoma ) had enacted Jim Crow Jim Crow which prohibited everything from interracial marriage to racially integrated public school systems . While Democrats lost the war to keep blacks in slavery , Jim Crow laws Jim Crow in the    " Solid South " served to place blacks back on a virtual plantation . Democrats supported slavery and nearly a hundred years of segregation : Indeed , the closer one looks across the arc of black history , the more ironic it seems that voters would associate civil rights with the Democratic Party . Founded as the    party , the Democratic Party was responsible for the Democratic Party the 13th , 14th , and 15th Amendments , the Ku Klux Klan Act of 1871 , the Reconstruction Acts , and the 1866 , 1875 , 1957 and 1960 Civil Rights Acts . In fact , had Democrats not overturned the 1875 Civil Rights Act , the strikingly similar 1964 Civil Rights Act might the 1875 Civil Rights Act no coincidence that more than a hundred years of history are missing from the Democratic party ’s official website . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson . 
 