Outgoing White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough declined to call    Donald Trump " legitimate " when questioned by CNN ’s Jake Tapper on State of the Union on Sunday morning . [ Outgoing White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough would only say that President Barack Obama considered Donald Trump ’s election " freely elected . "   President Barack Obama considered Donald Trump’s election "freely elected added that the Democrats that are boycotting Donald Trump’s ’s inauguration on Friday have " significant " concerns . Specifically , Outgoing White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough suggested that Donald Trump’s election was influenced by Russia . Outgoing White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough also suggested Trump Donald Trump’s allay those "significant" concerns " reaching out " to Democrats who refused to attend the ceremony . The following exchange took place : Tapper : There are now at least eighteen House democrats who are boycotting the Trump Donald Trump’s . Does President Obama think that ’s appropriate , or do they think Tapper: There are now at least eighteen House democrats who are boycotting the Trump inauguration does he think President Obama should Tapper: There are now at least eighteen House democrats who are boycotting the Trump inauguration his lead President Obama attend for the sake of honoring the office and the peaceful transfer of power ? McDonough : Well , the president President Obama very clear since the election that we should do everything in our power in we transition period to make sure that the next president and his team are President Obama and ready to go . In fact , on Tuesday night in a speech he called him President Obama " President Obama elected " President of the United States . So that ’s the charge that we have taken we By the same token these Democrats and others have pointed out that they ’ve got these Democrats and others significant concerns . And we found some we those concerns   —    the intelligence shows that the Russians did intervene , and they did intervene the Russians the purpose of helping one candidate , and hurting the other . So these are by no means , uh , trivial concerns . So my hope would be that the    will reach out to somebody as consequential and somebody who is such a leader as John Lewis , who has done so many things over the course of his life , Mr. Lewis try to work this out . And hopefully it ’s not just reach out to him , but Mr. Lewis some of the policies that Mr. Lewis has literally fought , bled , and gone to jail for over the course of his remarkable life Mr. Lewis And that would be that kind of thing that would not only send a message to the American people that we ’re prepared to work together , but would also sent a message to the Russians that we are united we their efforts to the Russians us , to we us , to we their own interest the Russians the expense of ours , are going to fail . McDonough was referring to the spat between Trump and Rep. John Lewis ( ) who recently called Trump " illegitimate " because of a " conspiracy " by Russia . ( Trump responded by Trump and Rep. Lewis ’s commitment to his district . Lewis Tapper followed up to clarify whether President Obama considered Trump " legitimate Trump and Rep. : Tapper : Just to be clear though , President Obama thinks President Obama Trump is legitimate Trump and Rep. McDonough : The President has made President Obama that he believes that he is President Obama " freely President Obama " president . He will be inaugurated on President Obama , and he will come into office President Obama strengthened by the kind of transition that we ’ve tried to run in this White House . Tapper followed up by asking McDonough whether , given Trump McDonough own efforts to   Trump Obama ’s legitimacy with the " Birther " theory , " should put this away , this whole idea of legitimate , illegitimate . " McDonough declined : " The McDonough ’s not going to get into the middle of this right now . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of Joel B. Pollak " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Joel B. Pollak Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 