Democratic U. S. Sen. Sherrod Brown of Ohio finds Democratic U. S. Sen. Sherrod Brown of Ohio in serious political trouble after Democratic U. S. Sen. Sherrod Brown of Ohio inaccurately accused Breitbart News Network and chief White House strategist Stephen K. Bannon of being    last week . chief White House strategist Stephen K. Bannon is Breitbart . [ Last Tuesday , Democratic U. S. Sen. Sherrod Brown of Ohio appeared at a Zionist Organization of America ( ZOA ) event in Washington , D. C. and bashed President Donald Trump ’s White House and Breitbart News Network . He spoke after Dr. Sebastian Gorka President Donald Trump’s a former Breitbart News national security editor who Breitbart News a senior White House aide . Now , Brown White House fire as both the head of ZOA and the Republican candidate for U. S. Senate in Ohio in 2018 —   Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel —   are calling Ohio out publicly as he continues to refuse Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel apologize and correct Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel inaccurate statements .   " I listened Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel the words of Mr. Gorka , I ’m not going to engage in a political debate but a conversation I had with the Prime Minister of Israel in a small group —   a bipartisan group —   about a month ago , I told the Prime Minister ‘ I know you ’re the Prime Minister of Israel new president standing up on Israel . I know you ’re happy with his support Israel QME [ Qualitative Military Edge ] . this new president standing up on Israel know you ’re happy with his support on sanctions legislation as I am but,’ I this new president standing up on Israel , ‘ there are a whole lot of members of the Senate in both parties and a whole lot of people in my state that are very concerned about the bigotry and the    in the White House,’ " Brown said when he took the stage at ZOA . " And I this new president standing up on Israel , I know that does n’t necessarily play well with this group but you invited me to speak my mind . I know that the beginning of Donald Trump ’s career in politics was continuing to insist that year after year after year on something that I know the Jewish tradition found abhorrent and that is that this president of the United States [ Barack Obama ] was n’t born here . I know that Mr. Gorka mentioned Stephen Bannon —   I even saw some people cheer when he mentioned Stephen Bannon —   I think we know Mr. Gorka history of Breitbart . " The audience at ZOA —   the oldest    advocacy group in the United States —   began loudly booing Brown ’s the United States Brown thought the audience might have been booing Bannon . " I Brown not The audience at ZOA —  the oldest   advocacy group in the United States —   those cheers are for Stephen Bannon or cheers are for me , they may be more for Stephen Bannon and I ’m okay Stephen Bannon that , those cheers are for Bannon or cheers Brown said . Stephen Bannon But I also know that —   I also Brown —   I also know I could come in here and say what I believe about Israel and you would like that and I will always stand strong on Israel . But I also feel it ’s my duty to speak out Israel I see what is more and more common in this country , whether it ’s issues of race , issues of religion Israel bother me . it grew up in a Lutheran family where my faith is important to me . I also grew up having a number of —   a good bit of exposure to the Jewish faith . I know the history of Judaism . I know the history of the belief and fight for social justice that your faith teaches better than perhaps any of us are exposed to . I am very , very appreciative of that . I am very worried about this president ’s attitudes towards people who are a little bit different and that ’s why I say that . " Almost immediately , ZOA denounced Brown for making the inaccurate insinuation that Breitbart News , Bannon and Trump are somehow   . ZOA external adviser Arthur Schwartz told Axios’ Jonathan Swan that the comments were unacceptable ZOA " We were deeply disappointed by Senator Brown ’s attacks on President Trump , Steve Breitbart News, Bannon and Trump , Sebastian Gorka and Brown in this White House , " Schwartz said . " We work closely with Mr. Bannon and Dr. Gorka they are true ZOA external adviser Arthur Schwartz of the Jewish Breitbart News, Bannon and Trump of Israel . The same can not be Mr. Bannon and Dr. Gorka of Senator Brown , a supporter of the catastrophic Iran Deal . " This weekend on Breitbart Sen. Brown , Breitbart News offered Sen. Brown the opportunity to appear on the radio program for an hourlong special on these comments —   and the ability Breitbart News the inaccurate comments and apologize . Brown did not make an appearance on the show . Instead , ZOA president Mort Klein and others including Brown ’s GOP opponent in next Sen. Brown ’s Ohio U. S. Senate race did appear to denounce Brown further . " This was the Zionist Sen. Brown America , ZOA , mission to Washington lobbying for strong U. S.   relations , " Sen. Brown told Breitbart News Sunday . " That ’s why we were there . That was the focus . That ’s all we wanted to talk about Mort Klein In fact , when I was sitting with him at the table before he went up , I said ‘ Sen. we this is a great opportunity to let our people —   hundreds of people from all over the him —   know that Democrats are also   .’ Too many people think it ’s only Republicans . Even though the Democrats are not as strong for Israel , there are many good Democrats who are good on Israel . I said ‘ this is the time to let people know you are a strong supporter and you are a Democrat.’ I told him that Israel yet all he did when he came up was when he got up to speak was attack Donald Trump , attack the administration as filled with bigots and    him attack Steve him . Steve Bannon , him has never had a    or racist or David Duke type article ever . I ’ve never seen it . The articles I Steve Bannon articles him    and articles telling the truth about the    war against Israel and promoting Israel . But I ’ll a   or racist or David Duke type article you where this phony image comes from , when Steve Bannon said that ‘ Breitbart is a platform for the ’ Steve Israel meant a platform for those who are      mainstream people . Too many people Steve Bannon [ when him said that ] that ‘ ’ meant    Steve Bannon Dukes . Frankly , I ’ve urged him to make it clear that he never meant that and that Steve Bannon where this distortion of meaning about Steve Bannon came . But what ’s shocking to me is Steve Bannon even if this were true Steve Bannon we were there about Israel and not there about Donald Trump or Steve Bannon . So it showed to me the intense enmity that Sherrod Brown and many Democrats have toward the Trump administration —   a really irrational enmity that makes no Steve Bannon In fact , Breitbart —   me you mentioned —   hired an Orthodox Jew to be head of Donald Trump Jerusalem station in Israel and he has hired two other Orthodox Jews to work with you over the years . Joel Pollak is still working with you , who is an an Orthodox Jew Jew .    rarely hire an Orthodox Jew Jews . " LISTEN TO MORT KLEIN OF ZOA ON BREITBART NEWS SUNDAY : Klein said that Brown furthering inaccurate accusations against Breitbart News , Bannon , Gorka and the Trump White House hurts efforts to hold real    accountable . " It makes charges about MORT KLEIN OF that are    not as believable , BREITBART people see that these charges against people who are the opposite —   " Klein said . " In fact , the ADL —   after attacking Steve Bannon —   the    League , and after I defended Steve Bannon saying this is absurd and he is      they came out and said ‘ the truth is we do not know of anything he has written or said that is Steve Bannon So they actually told the truth Steve Bannon , but never said anything again . It ’s really painful they see this extraordinary lie continue Steve Bannon and they ’ve done the same with Sebastian Gorka they calling him the truth and   . I know both Steve Bannon and Sebastian Gorka . I ’ve met with them at the White they . I have n’t met more    two people who Sebastian Gorka more supportive of Jewish people and Israel Steve Bannon two guys . Sebastian Gorka they were in any way shape Steve Bannon and Sebastian Gorka form hostile to Israel or hostile to Jews , I would be all over them . I am a child of Holocaust survivors , the head of the oldest those two guys group . I would be all over them . Israel Klein wrapped the interview discussing President Trump ’s recent trip those two guys Israel President Donald Trump’s the first sitting U. S. President to visit the Western Wall . He said the trip was a great MORT KLEIN OF Holocaust survivors, the head of the oldest   group called on the administration to follow through on moving Israel U. MORT KLEIN OF embassy in Israel to Jerusalem . He also praised Breitbart News as a MORT KLEIN OF force in the media , President Trump’s recent trip to Israel is " one of the media beacons of the world , " and that " I Breitbart News Jerusalem for Israel . " Ohio State Treasurer Josh Mandel , the Republican candidate for Ohio S. Senate against Brown in next year ’s midterm U. S. Senate elections , appeared on Breitbart News Sunday on SiriusXM Patriot on Sunday evening as well . Mandel nearly defeated Sen. Brown in the 2012 next year Senate Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel , coming up just short of victory Breitbart News former Brown Sunday Obama U. S. Senate of Ohio and dragged Brown back into the Senate on Ohio U. S. Senate race different story is Brown Ohio after Trump ’s landslide Brown in 2016 in the U. S. Senate makes a second run at Brown in 2018 . The Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel between Brown and Mandel is expected to be one of the Brown Senate races Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel the U. S. Senate midterms Brown offers Republicans one of many national opportunities for pickups in the upper chamber of Congress . In his appearance on Breitbart News Sunday , Mandel lambasted Brown for his inaccurate attacks on Bannon , Gorka Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel Breitbart . " Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel think he ’s Brown to pander to his Stephen Bannon base , " Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel Breitbart News Brown ’s inaccurate Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel . him This Sunday Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel voted with Elizabeth Warren 97 percent of the Brown and this is him Ohio . The fact that he is falsely Sen. Brown , Ohio falsely accusing Breitbart , Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel this is in my mind grotesque and also he lacks courage because he wo n’t even come on to Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel about it . Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel can say it behind a microphone but when he is Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel on a show him this to actually discuss Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel my guess is he did n’t have the time to come on . It Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel pure politics . I ’d rather him sticking up for the people of the state of Ohio Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel this than doing what ’s this by the people Ohio our state , he ’s just playing politics and trying to pander this his Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel base . Like I said , he has voted Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel Elizabeth this 97 percent of the time Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel part of his base is out there in the state of Ohio coastal Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel and part of his base is on the West Coast in California the state of Ohio Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel coastal elites as well . " LISTEN TO JOSH MANDEL ON his   base : Mandel wonders how Brown Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel he supports Israel when he Elizabeth Warren Iran deal from the previous Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel . " his   base " Mandel replied when Breitbart News raised the question about how Brown could Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel his   base Israel Sunday backing a deal BREITBART NEWS SUNDAY of cash get dropped off Brown Iran but Brown Israel end the the administration nuclear Breitbart News " And how is it   ? Iran is funding terrorism in different parts of the globe and it ’s a radical Islamic regime there Israel Iran and I believe it threatens people here in the United States and    people in other parts of the globe . You know , it ’s interesting how he as ranking member Iran the Banking Committee he voted and opposed Iran sanctions . As you mentioned , he the Islamic Republic’s nuclear program one of Iran people who supported the president ’s Iran deal where they Iran American money —   the money of Iran citizens throughout Ohio Iran the country , paid to our government —   Ohio it over to this the globe regime in the Middle Iran . " Mandel pointed to the protests around America this weekend against he law Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel Iran said that if Brown wants to the country he   as he says he does —   then Iran he should Brown standing up against these components of Sharia Brown not Brown people who are America our country at the highest levels in the land , not against journalists like yourself who are trying to hold public officials accountable . It just rings intellectually hollow and it does n’t make much sense , but , again , knowing him   the country as we do here in Ohio   —    he ’s Brown wants to fight bigotry —  as he says he does —   pandering to his liberal Ohio on the coastal elites . " Cuyahoga County , Ohio , GOP chairman Rob Frost also appeared on the program Ohio call out Brown for his inaccurate attack on Bannon and Breitbart . LISTEN TO ROBERT FROST ON BREITBART NEWS SUNDAY It 
 Brown Sunday him Steve Bannon MORT KLEIN OF ZOA ON BREITBART NEWS SUNDAY BREITBART NEWS SUNDAY the Islamic Republic’s nuclear program him him 