Following an exposé by James O’Keefe ’s Project Veritas , organizers of plans to disrupt Donald Trump ’s inaugural ceremony have reportedly decided to dramatically scale back earlier plans for massive road blocks and other mischief . [ An organizer for extremist group DisruptJ20 now insists that recent undercover videos showing members of extremist group DisruptJ20 planning all manner of illegal acts do n’t really reflect their illegal acts . An organizer for extremist group DisruptJ20 says its An organizer for extremist group DisruptJ20 were " intentionally overstated " on the video , according to US News and World Report .   Indeed , organizer Legba Carrefour is attempting to sell the idea that his group organizer Legba Carrefour in what might be considered a "   " play by wildly overplaying its plans for organizer Legba Carrefour videographers and other news outlets in order to sow chaos through disinformation . " By virtue of us making those claims , it whips people organizer Legba Carrefour into the kind of panic that accidentally ends up causing the chaos we want . us can say ‘ all of Metro is being blockaded’ and people will stay home , " the anarchist now says . Videos of the group ’s plans were unveiled by Project Veritas over the last few days . O’Keefe ’s videos added detail to an earlier story by the Washington Examiner ’s Ryan Lovelace , whose article , " How protesters plan to wreck Donald Trump ’s inauguration , " revealed the plans of # DisruptJ20 to cause trouble during the inaugural ceremony . Reporting and the O’Keefe videos ’s videos as shutting down D. C. ’s Metro mass Carrefour caustic chemical bombs among people attending the day ’s events . But now Carrefour is claiming their plans have changed . " The reason a lot of our plans are pared down is that stuff we wanted to blockade is already being shut down , " Carrefour said . " This our definitely a different beast in the amount of the city Carrefour is being shut down . " Carrefour even tried to take credit for the street closures , saying that the only reason Carrefour were closed down was because of their threats . The anarchist leader also claimed he is n’t bothered by being outed by they O’Keefe videos . " They have nothing The anarchist leader me that I would not feel comfortable talking about in front of they police . Do The anarchist leader care , " he claimed .   Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at The anarchist leader . com . 
 