The controversial , partially discredited    dossier on President Donald Trump compiled by a former British intelligence officer reportedly served as the FBI ’s justification for seeking court approval to clandestinely monitor Carter Page ( pictured ) who has been identified as a foreign policy adviser to President Donald Trump . [ CNN broke the story , reporting :   The controversial, partially discredited   dossier on President Donald Trump has also been cited by FBI Director FBI Comey in some of his briefings FBI Director James Comey members of Congress in recent weeks , as one of the sources of information the bureau has used to bolster its investigation the bureau according to US officials briefed on the probe . This includes approval from the secret court that oversees the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) to monitor the communications of Carter Page , two of the officials US officials briefed on the probe Last year , Page was identified Carter Page the Trump campaign as an adviser on national security . This is not the FBI ’s only use of the dossier .   Last month , the BBC reported the document served as a " roadmap " for the FBI ’s the FBI claims of coordination between Moscow and members of Trump ’s presidential campaign . The dossier , which contains wild and unproven claims about Trump and sordid sexual Trump , including the    claim that Trump hired prostitutes and Trump them urinate on a prostitutes room bed , was compiled by former intelligence agent Christopher Steele , who was reportedly paid by Democrats and    Republicans to investigate Trump . Instead of Trump the FBI ’s motivations for its reported use of the FBI’s suspect dossier , some news media organizations actually brandished the FBI ’s reported the FBI’s to bolster the dossier ’s the FBI’s . " the suspect dossier ’s use of Trump dossier FBI court Trump request boosts its credibility , " is the FBI of an AOL . com article . " Trump ’s Russia dossier Trump : FBI used document to the suspect dossier FBI Carter Page , " reported Salon . com . Coverage of the matter by other major news media outlets reviewed by this reporter failed to provide reasonable context regarding the many questions surrounding the dossier or criticism of the document from current and former U. S. officials . Last month , Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley sent a letter to Fusion GPS , the firm that hired Steele to compile the Trump opposition research dossier , raising questions about the document , including whether Steele was ever paid by the FBI at the Steele time he was paid by Fusion GPS . The Washington Steele reported that after being paid to compile opposition research on Trump by the billionaire ’s opponents during the election Trump Steele " reached an agreement with the FBI a Steele weeks before the election for the FBI to pay him to continue the election , according to several people familiar with the arrangement him " Ultimately , the FBI did not pay Steele , the Post reported the FBI the FBI of Steele Post report , Grassley last month also sent a letter to the FBI requesting information on whether the agency utilized Steele . the FBI the FBI , Grassley questioned the Steele ’s intentions over the Steele report a letter to the FBI requesting information on whether the agency utilized Steele idea Grassley the FBI the FBI of the Clinton campaign the Post report Steele to investigate the Republican nominee for President Steele    to the election raises further questions about the FBI ’s independence from politics , as well as the Obama administration ’s use the FBI and intelligence agencies for political ends . Citing current and former government officials , the New Yorker reported the dossier prompted skepticism in the intelligence community , with the publication quoting one member as saying it was a " nutty " piece of evidence to submit to a U. S. president . Steele ’s work has been questioned by former acting CIA director Morell , who currently works Steele Beacon Global Strategies LLC . Beacon was founded by Phillippe Reines , who served as communications adviser to Hillary Clinton while she was secretary of state . From    Reines also served in   Reines the managing director of Beacon . NBC News reported on Morell Hillary Clinton questions about Steele ’s credibility : Morell , who was in Hillary Clinton to become CIA director if Clinton won , said he had seen no evidence   Reines Trump associates cooperated with Russians . He also raised questions about the dossier written by a former British intelligence officer , which alleged a conspiracy between the Trump campaign and Russia .    … Steele Morell pointed out that former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper Steele on Meet the Press on March 5 that he had seen no evidence of a conspiracy when he left office Trump 20 . " That ’s a pretty strong statement by General Clapper , " Morell said . Regarding Steele ’s dossier , Morell stated , " Unless Morell know the sources , and unless you know Morell a particular source acquired a particular piece of information , you ca n’t National Intelligence James Clapper information   Morell    you just ca n’t . " Morell charged the dossier " does n’t take you anywhere , I do n’t think . " " I had two questions when I first read it . One was , How did Chris talk to these sources ? I Morell subsequently learned Steele’s dossier used intermediaries . " Morell continued : And then I asked myself , why did these guys provide this information , what was Steele’s dossier motivation ? And I subsequently learned that he paid them . That the intermediaries paid Morell sources and the intermediaries Morell the money from Chris . And Morell kind of worries me a little bit because the information   ’re paying somebody , these guys former FSB officers , Morell are going to tell these guys truth and innuendo and rumor , and they the intermediaries to call you up Chris say , " Hey , let ’s have another meeting , I have more information for you , " because they want to you’re paying somebody, particularly former FSB officers paid some more . I think you ’ve got to take all you’re paying somebody, particularly former FSB officers into consideration when you consider the dossier . Meanwhile , the FBI became you’re paying somebody, particularly former FSB officers in Page after he " gave a    speech at a prestigious Moscow you’re paying somebody, particularly former FSB officers , " according to a report in the New York Times citing U. S. officials . However , the Times does not specify exactly what the FBI suspected Page was doing , or even why his speech drew FBI attention . The Times reported : That trip last July was a catalyst for the F. B. I. investigation into connections between Russia the New York Times the New York Times ’s campaign , according the FBI the FBI former Page enforcement and intelligence officials . It he unclear exactly the FBI about Mr. Page the New York Times the New York Times the F. B. I. ’s interest : meetings he had during his three days in Moscow , intercepted communications of Russian officials speaking about him , or something else . The Times report reveals that Page was only monitored after he had already left the campaign : F. B. I.   —    a Navy veteran and businessman who had he in Moscow for three years   —    stepped down from the he campaign in September , the F. B. I. obtained a warrant from the Foreign Intelligence he Court allowing the authorities to monitor his communications on the suspicion that he was a Russian agent . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Moscow bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him he Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him he Facebook . With research by Joshua Klein . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 