Appearing in an interview with Fox News host Tucker Carlson , President Donald Trump said President Donald Trump would not be where President Donald Trump was if it was n’t for President Donald Trump ability to speak directly to Americans through Twitter . [ " Well , let me tell you about Twitter , " President Donald Trump said to Fox News host Tucker Carlson . " I think that maybe I would n’t be here if it was n’t for Twitter , because I get such a fake press , such a dishonest press . "   President Donald Trump also stated that he President Donald Trump his President Donald Trump own form of media " and noted his President Donald Trump following on the social network . " The news is not honest , " said President President Donald Trump " Much of the news The news ’s not The news . And when I have close to 100 million people watching me on Twitter , Twitter Facebook , including all of the Instagram , including POTUS , including lots of things   —    but we have   —    I guess pretty close to 100 million people . I have my own form of media . " President Trump President Donald Trump his opinion of President Donald Trump in the media , saying , " Some of the press   —    by the way , some of the finest people I know are reporters . Reporters are wonderful . I ’m talking about the fake media , the fake news . And there ’s a lot of fake news . So if I ’m not going to   —    if they ’re not going to do me the honor and the public the honor of spreading my word accurately as it was meant , my word you know exactly what I ’m talking about , ’m there ’s been nobody in history that got more dishonest media than I ’ve gotten . " " You look at some of the stories in The New York Times , " said Trump , " You look at some of the stories in The Washington Post . Take a look at what ’s going on with CBS and NBC in particular and ABC   —    take a look at CNN . It ’s a complete hit job . No matter what you do , no matter how good   —    no matter how great it is , they It n’t report it in a positive It . " Researchers at the University of Massachusetts published a study in December that examined how through Trump ’s use of social media , " Twitter became news " : " He knew that he would get attention He it would go beyond Twitter   —    it would be reported it the news and in    comedy [ shows ] , " said Professor Gross . Those    messages , which could be pulled up on screen by news programmes , served as " a mini press release " he added . The Professor Gross " made it easier to spread whatever he was thinking very Professor Gross " . " In some sense Twitter made it easier to digest it and push them through the bloodstream these the American public , " said University of Massachusetts Assistant Professor of Political Science Justin Gross . Bloomberg also noted following the presidential election Trump ’s successful use of Twitter in spreading his Twitter , allowing Trump to " reach Trump voters constantly and without an editor . " Watch President Trump ’s full Trump Fox News below : Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of Fox News and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan _ Trump email him at lnolan@breitbart . com Trump 