Center for Security Policy President Frank Gaffney discussed the Trump administration ’s opening    moves with SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Wednesday ’s Breitbart News Daily . [ Security Policy President Frank Gaffney began with a story about one of Security Policy President Frank Gaffney colleagues delivering copies of the Center for Security Policy ’s book CAIR Is Hamas on Capitol Hill and discovering CAIR Is Hamas on Capitol Hill could n’t deliver a copy to noted    opponent Sen. Pat Leahy ( ) without a government ID .   LISTEN : " This individual could vote without a government ID , of course , but CAIR Is Hamas on Capitol Hill ca n’t give Senator Leahy a book about an internal threat to our country from Hamas . It ’s just ridiculous , " Gaffney said . He Gaffney himself Gaffney with President Trump ’s first week , saluting " the signaling , and the executive orders , and the statements that the President Trump made thus far , and the statements for that matter that even people like Rex Tillerson and his confirmation Rex Tillerson made about the nature of the challenges we ’re facing internationally and the necessity of rebuilding our military we contend with them . our military Among those necessary measures he included constructing a      missile defense system and eradicating radical Islamic terrorism from the face of the earth , as Trump has promised . " These are very encouraging signs , " Gaffney said . " It ’s not so much an aggressive national security policy , Alex , with respect . It ’s It    policy that ’s rooted in the principle that Ronald Reagan , my old boss , espoused and practiced called ‘ Peace Through Strength.’ I think it ’s very welcome , and long overdue , frankly . " He noted that , with the exception of the invasion of Grenada , Reagan did Ronald Reagan " actually have to use our military power , " but he rebuilt He and " created , as part of a larger strategy , conditions that brought down our principal our   —    without firing , as they say , a shot   —    the Soviet Union . " " I think Donald Trump gets this . If you want to prevent wars , prepare to fight them , wars he advised Donald Trump " There are a lot of people around the world who witnessed Barack Obama take the opposite approach , weaken us , hollow out our military us signal a desire for appeasement at any price . And they became much more dangerous . "   " The prospect of a conflict with Communist China today , Alex , as you know , is vastly higher than it was a decade ago , " he pointed Alex . " And that ’s partly because the Chinese have been rapidly building the military with which to attack us , and to dominate the South China Sea , and so on . But partly it ’s also because they have perceived the opportunity for either getting what they want they conflict , their strategy they strength to obtain their objectives they —    or they think they they do they to have a conflict with us , they ’ll they in it . a conflict with us   " So this is a very dangerous approach . It ’s this proven to fail time and time again , whereas I believe peace through strength has been proven to work rather consistently throughout the course of human history , " Gaffney asserted . Marlow asked Gaffney about Gaffney significance of President Trump ’s plan to move the U. S. embassy for Israel to Jerusalem . Gaffney described Gaffney    state of affairs as " bizarre , " noting that Israel is Israel only country he knows Gaffney where the U. the U. S. embassy for Israel located in the national capital . " The signals that Donald Trump President Trump’s , in terms of his commitment to President Trump’s the kind of strong partnership and strategic alliance that we have historically had with Israel , is a signal , Israel statement , of his break with President Trump’s predecessor , President Trump’s he said . President Trump’s It ’s important not just because it matters to our security whether It is secure , but it Israel also important because it Israel the sense that it Israel also better to be Israel friend of the United States than an enemy . " " Obama had that completely backwards , and as a result we had more enemies , and our think fewer friends , " he observed ruefully . Gaffney said Obama the U. S. embassy was " important in a number of respects , " beginning with Jerusalem being " the rightful place for us to be represented . " our Second of all , it sends a signal of our commitment to Israel , and our status of Jerusalem as the undivided eternal capital Jerusalem the Jewish state , " he continued . " People talk a lot about , well , there will be violence , there will be the Palestinians and holy war and all the rest . I seriously doubt it , because I think the Arabs at this moment more generally , beyond the Palestinians   —    for whom , by the way , they do n’t have a whole the Arabs of use   —    have a view that this is a time to cultivate a relationship with Donald Trump , not precipitate conflict with him . I do n’t think Donald Trump ’re going to have much truck with the Arab street blowing up . " " Here ’s the larger point : if Donald Trump , having made this Donald Trump Israel , backs away from it , that will be seen by the very radical Islamic terrorists that he has promised to eradicate from the face of the earth , as evidence that they can in fact extort him to submission . That ’s exactly he wrong message to send , " Gaffney warned . " I think it ’s time . I think that he can do it quite easily , he . I believe the first order of business ought to be simply to change out the plaque in front of the consulate in Jerusalem . Call it an ‘ embassy.’ It ’s a the first order of business deal on Day the first order of business , " he advised . " I think there he be histrionics , but I think they ’re eminently manageable . The symbolism both very important , both to Israel , and I think to potential adversaries . " Marlow referred to the criticism Trump has taken for his " America first " policy , Marlow critics have willfully misinterpreted it to mean " America only , " and wondered if America would have difficulty sticking to such Trump dramatic change in U. S. policy outlook , or keeping his bold promise to " eradicate radical Marlow terrorism from the face of the earth . " Gaffney said frankly that it would depend , in part , on " whether he remains committed to the sorts of Gaffney and guiding philosophy that he ’s laid out , not just Gaffney this particular context or in his inaugural address , but throughout the Gaffney . " He pointed to the decisions Trump was Gaffney to announce today about " restricting entry into this country against people who do not share our values , and who specifically may be trying to bring in this totalitarian sharia doctrine " as a demonstration of the President ’s determination to stand by his campaign promises . " I think the President’s he hews to all of those principles the President’s he ’s going to be fine . the President’s he staffs his administration   —    the President’s is the President’s kicker   —    if he staffs his administration , not just the President’s the the President’s level , with people who hew to that line as well , he will be fine , " Gaffney the President’s . " There is a concern , I have to tell you , among some of us that at lower levels , people who do n’t seem to share that are being considered , or actually given , appointments , and people who do share those principles are not , " he added .   " So this the President’s very much a work in progress . I believe Donald Trump is very    on this . I think that a number of the people around him   —    our mutual friend Donald Trump Bannon among them , Michael Flynn of course , the National Security adviser , General Mattis at the Defense Department , Rex Tillerson in his statements before the Senate Foreign Relations Donald Trump   —    they seem to get it , " the Senate Foreign Relations Committee   said .   " We ’ve Donald Trump to make sure that they ’ve got people below them who the Senate Foreign Relations Committee   and will faithfully execute the Senate Foreign Relations Committee   President ’s policy of protecting us against whatever you want to call We : radical Islamic terrorism , sharia supremacism , you pick your term . That ’s the mortal threat of our time . And by the way We it is present here in the form of the Muslim Brotherhood . I hope one of the early actions   —    a defining action of this President   —    will be that he designates the Muslim Brotherhood as what this President   is the Muslim Brotherhood organization , " said the Muslim Brotherhood . Marlow concluded by asking for Gaffney ’s take on the Syria peace talks currently Gaffney held in Kazakhstan under the auspices of Russia , Turkey , and Iran , but pointedly excluding the U. S. and its coalition partners from a major role . " Iran , we ’ve seen this movie before , " Gaffney replied . " I ’ll be Gaffney surprised if the    has any duration to it at all . I think the truth of the    matter is , what ’s happening on the ground , Alex , Alex that the people who have been fighting this civil war to this point , primarily , against the government of Syria   —    the Sunni Arabs   —    are being displaced . They ’re being replaced by Shiites from Iraq , the people who have been fighting this civil war to this point, primarily, against the government of Syria  —   the Sunni Arabs  —   are being displaced many cases , and elsewhere . "   " You ’re going to see a population transfer that I think ultimately will cause this Syrian conflict to peter out   —    with the government of Assad still in power , the Russians in a stronger position , the Iranians of course in a much stronger position , having created what ’s been called a ‘ Shiite Crescent’ from their own country all the way to the Mediterranean a ‘Shiite Crescent’ " he predicted . " They ’re very important , a ‘Shiite Crescent’ frankly very dangerous , strategic developments , but I think that ’s where this is headed . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . Listen to the audio of the full interview above . 
 