Senator Rand Paul ( ) an outspoken critic of the House Republican replacement for Obamacare , joined SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Friday ’s Breitbart News Daily . Senator Rand Paul ( ) an outspoken critic of the House Republican replacement for Obamacare revealed Senator Rand Paul ( ) an outspoken critic of the House Republican replacement for Obamacare has been in constant contact with President Donald Trump about the issue , including a phone call Thursday night , and said President Donald Trump is " very open to negotiation . " [ Raheem Kassam asked if House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) was correct to argue that repealing Obamacare without an immediate comprehensive replacement plan is impossible , and the plan his House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) has put on the table is the closest to repeal they his caucus get .   " I ’ve always been for repeal and replace at the same time , but not necessarily in the same bill , " Senator House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) . " The reason why I think you need ‘ replace’ is we need to offer hope , and we need we offer an insurance product that is inexpensive , and something that will fix the marketplace so everybody can get access to health insurance . " " The problem with putting replace and repeal in one bill is that we all tend to agree on the repeal aspect , Republicans , but we tend we all disagree on the replacement aspect , " he said putting replace and repeal in one bill " My idea of replacement is trying to let the marketplace work , encouraging people to join    and healthcare associations so they can healthcare associations prices down , and    the sale of all kinds of insurance . " " Some of those things we actually agree with Paul Ryan on . The problem is Paul Ryan Paul Ryan lot of Obamacare Lite stuff that he wants to Paul Ryan in there , " Paul said . Paul Ryan He wants to Paul Ryan the Obamacare subsidies . He calls them Paul Ryan credits the Obamacare subsidies refundable tax credits . He wants to Paul Ryan the Obamacare taxes , all of the taxes , the Obamacare taxes year   —    and then he wants to Paul Ryan the Cadillac tax , the tax on good insurance , forever . " " He also has Paul Ryan individual mandate in there , which is curious , because if you ’ve listened to the debate for the last six , seven years , one of the things Republicans have hated the worst is the individual mandate , " Paul added . Paul Ryan He keeps the Paul Ryan mandate . the individual mandate n’t pay the government you have to pay the insurance company . I think if you talk to customers and patients across the country and talk to doctors , there ’s not a great deal of difference in dislike between the government and the insurance companies . You ’re not going to make a lot of us happy if we have to pay the insurance us a penalty instead the insurance company . "   " But there ’s also insurance company bailouts in there . This gets to the fundamental heart of the problem . The problem with Obamacare is they tell people the problem what ? You can wait to buy insurance until after you ’re sick.’ When they do that , nobody buys insurance until they ’re sick insurance and the price of the insurance goes insurance . Ryancare does n’t fix that . insurance do not fix that , the premiums will continue to skyrocket , but we ’re going to be blamed for it , " the senator warned his fellow Republicans .   " the premiums repeal is voted on , the senator even if it ’s an incomplete repeal or Obamacare Lite , Republicans will own repeal . So we ’ve got to get it right before we do this . We have to understand fundamentally this if you we to this people we insurance until after they ’re sick , they will , " he said . " people interesting thing about people individual mandate in the Ryan plan is that let ’s say you do lose your job , or let ’s say the Ryan plan ca n’t buy insurance for a while . Now the Ryan plan know that when you buy it again , you have a 30 percent penalty . You do n’t get the penalty until you buy it . So why would you buy a 30 percent penalty You ’re going to a 30 percent penalty to buy it until you get a 30 percent penalty . So once again , as the adverse a 30 percent penalty gets worse , the death spiral of Obamacare continues after Ryancare , " Paul argued . Kassam noted that the White House is making a push for the House bill on Paul ’s home turf in Kentucky and asked if the situation had devolved Paul "   war " between Senator Paul and the executive branch . " Actually , I think the president is very open to negotiation , " Paul replied . " I talked to him again last night by phone Paul I ’ve talked to him twice Paul week , which is quite a bit for anybody to Paul to the president that ’s not in the administration . " " I talked to him again last night . He said he ’s open to negotiation , Paul I last night him Paul Paul Paul went on TV for 45 minutes yesterday with a Paul conference , and he said , ‘ The response to this , the choices are binary.’ Paul , binary means there are two choices : either we take it or leave it . Either we take Obamacare Lite or we get nothing . That is it sitting well with conservatives , and I we you , the more we hear Paul Ryan say , ‘ Take it or leave it,’ the less we ’re willing to take it Paul Ryan " he said . " Also , we are concerned that if it vote for Paul Ryan Lite , and insurance premiums we continue to go through we roof , Obamacare Lite year from now , insurance companies are going bankrupt the same way they ’re going bankrupt now , people will say , ‘ What did you guys insurance companies ? You had six years to figure this out , and you could n’t get it right,’ " Paul said . When Kassam asked if opponents of the Ryan bill had the votes Paul Ryan keep it from passing , Paul replied , " The proof ’s in the pudding . the Ryan bill " There are Paul Ryan members of the House Freedom Caucus . They will make their decision . So far , their leadership and their voting has 40 members of the House Freedom Caucus that they 40 members of the House Freedom Caucus for clean repeal . I 40 members of the House Freedom Caucus they voted 40 members of the House Freedom Caucus percent to take a 40 members of the House Freedom Caucus of clean repeal . And that ’s 40 members of the House Freedom Caucus position : separate repeal from replace , " he said .   " You a position of clean repeal . I do replace it on the same day . We ’re not completely unable to vote on more than one thing in a day , " he pointed out .   " We should put the repeal forward that we voted on he year ago , and that We unanimously . Put it on , We the same day , let ’s put up replacement , " Paul recommended . " Now the same day leadership will tell you it , you probably he n’t get to 60 votes . I ca n’t guarantee 60 votes . All I can guarantee is what we ’re for . We should put it forward , and if Democrats block replacement , they still own the whole thing we " Paul agreed with Kassam that many Republicans do not seem Democrats understand they hold the high he on Obamacare repeal and could make Democrats pay a political price for interfering many Republicans vitally needed measures to deal with the failing program . " I do n’t think they understand that yet . I ’m still trying to get that through to them , " said many Republicans . " I am for replacement . I do want to pass replacement many Republicans — he but if they do n’t , instead of Republicans fighting with each other , why do n’t we make sure many Republicans the Democrats still are responsible ? If they choose to block replacement , they ’re still responsible . " " I think we could pass the Democrats , though . I think the Democrats actually are some Democrats who will come around we " he predicted . " Some of these ideas are really reasonable . For example , what if we replacement up the individual idea that every patient in America should be allowed to join a healthcare association ? We expand healthcare associations in one vote . That ’s a tough vote for Democrats to say they ’re against the consumer to join a buying group to get a lower price and to get Democrats issue . " " This is the other thing nobody understands , " he elaborated . " They think you have to mandate guaranteed issue   —    you know , that you can buy insurance after you ’re sick by law . The other way you do it is you let people get group insurance . You join a    you join the health buying group , and when you buy it , you have group insurance . Group insurance is protected , and if you get group insurance a    you will not be let go group insurance prices will not go up . "   Paul predicted such a reform would " completely transform " the     company relationship . " Let ’s say you ’re part of a    buying group . Now you have enormous leverage , so instead of us kissing the boots of the insurance executives , it ’ll be the opposite . The insurance executives will be begging to talk to our person , whoever ’s in charge of this , the insurance executives . " And I promise you us whether you make $ 30 , 000 or you make Paul 100 , 000 in our country , people do n’t like the way they ’re being treated by the health insurance companies . " He said that under Ryancare , insurance companies would " people to lose money , but Ryan ’s going Paul give them a backstop , a bailout . "   " The chronic insurance company bailout that was in Obamacare is still insurance companies this new Obamacare Lite bill , " Paul said . He also expressed strong support for tort reform as part of a plan Obamacare bring medical Paul down . Paul I ’m a physician , " he reminded the audience . " We ’ve got to try to stop the frivolous lawsuits , not only Paul the expense of them , but everybody orders about a million too many test , because they ’re afraid of being sued . We the audience to fix that . "   " Unfortunately   —    or the audience , depending on how you look at it   —    that probably has to be done at the state capitols , because people get sued at the state courts , and the state courts are under the purview of state law , " he added . " Some states have fixed this the state courts or made it a lot better . They have review panels . They have caps on damages . I do n’t know if any have    but I like the Some states aspect also . " Some states News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 