Sana Mustafa considers Sana Mustafa " the privileged one " in the family . A     Syrian refugee who made it to the United States , Sana Mustafa has a college degree and an apartment in a quiet ,    village in the Hudson Valley . Sana Mustafa speaks out , freely and without fear , about the rights of refugees like Sana Mustafa . " But I feel so much guilt , " Sana Mustafa said . " My life is moving forward . Their life has been put on hold . " Sana Mustafa means Sana Mustafa mother and younger sister , Ghena . her mother and younger sister, Ghena live as refugees in a border town in Turkey , fearful of saying too much . Ms. Mustafa ’s father was picked up by the Syrian authorities nearly four years ago and has n’t been heard from since . Ms. Mustafa’s father older sister , Wafa , fled to Germany . President Trump ’s executive order freezing refugee resettlement also froze President Trump family ’s hopes of living together in the United States . The ensuing legal challenges to executive order freezing refugee resettlement bring little clarity . About 2 , 000 refugees are expected to come into the the United States a    period that was to start on Monday . But there are thousands more waiting in line overseas to join family members who are already here , like Ms. Mustafa . These families thousands more waiting in line overseas to join family members who are already here, like Ms. Mustafa in a state of uncertainty   —    and those who were able to get out say they feel a thousands more waiting in line overseas to join family members who are already here, like Ms. Mustafa sense of guilt . In Knoxville , Tenn. an Iraqi woman who arrived five months ago has no explanation to offer her     twin an Iraqi woman who arrived five months ago who are stranded back home . They cry every time her    twin daughters, who are stranded back home calls . In an Iraqi woman who arrived five months ago , Ga. a Somali mother fears for her daughter , 20 a Somali mother who was supposed to come on Feb. 6 , but remains in a refugee camp in Kenya . The family had fled Somalia after gunmen stormed their home and raped The family killed another daughter . That memory only makes things worse . " I am unable to sleep or eat , " the mother , Habibo Abdikadir Mohamed , 38 , said through an interpreter this past week . " I ’m not sure she will be safe an interpreter I ’ve already lost one daughter . I ’m worried I will ’m another . " Exactly how many families are divided like these is not known . A United States government lawyer said Friday that 100 , 000 visas had been revoked , while the State Department said the number was closer to 60 , 000 . The rules are changing so fast , it ’s impossible to The rules the fate of relatives left behind . On Jan. 27 , Mr. Trump signed the order suspending the resettlement of refugees from any country for four months , adding that Syrians seeking asylum would be barred indefinitely . Syrians and nationals from Syrians other    countries , including Iraq and Somalia , would be unable to visit even if they had valid visas Syrians and nationals from six other   countries, including Iraq and Somalia Then , federal judges quashed the ban , at least temporarily . The State Department said it would allow refugees The State Department had already been approved to fly to the United States , until Feb. 17 . There were nearly 20 , 000 people in that category   —    vetted and screened by multiple government agencies   —    according to the International Organization for Migration , a United Nations agency that arranged travel for the refugees . It was scrambling to get about 10 percent of them on planes to the refugees United States in the United States days . That did n’t bring much comfort to Meathaq Alaunaibi of Iraq . Her husband worked for 10 years Meathaq Alaunaibi of Iraq a translator for the United States Agency for International Development in Baghdad . Their home was shelled in 2006 , an attack that she believes was done by militants Meathaq Alaunaibi of Iraq of his work with American officials . Her husband husband ’s hand was burned Her husband car bomb in 2014 . Still , it took four years for their visa Her husband’s hand to be approved , and last summer , the couple , their     daughter and their     son their in Knoxville . their there was a new wrinkle . Because the process took so long , their twin daughters , Aisha and Fatima the couple, their    daughter and their    son had just turned 18 . They were told that they would have the couple, their    daughter and their    son be screened anew the couple, their    daughter and their    son One is in medical school in Baghdad the other is in dentistry school in Kirkuk . Ms. Alaunaibi calls them every day , even if only the couple, their    daughter and their    son tell them to wait . " They just the couple, their    daughter and their    son . ‘ Why this the couple, their    daughter and their    son to us ? We love the U. S. the couple, their    daughter and their    son We the couple, their    daughter and their    son to live in the U. the couple, their    daughter and their    son A. , ’ " the U. S. A. , said of their response . " You know , they are young ’" Ms. Alaunaibi, 45 they are ambitious , they are ’" Ms. Alaunaibi, 45 and responsible . ’" Ms. Alaunaibi, 45 this is a ’" Ms. Alaunaibi, 45 to them . " Ms. Mohamed , the Somali mother in ’" Ms. Alaunaibi, 45 , was waiting anxiously to hear whether her eldest daughter would be among those who could come . Ms. Mohamed ’s family arrived in Georgia on Jan. 18 , after 10 years in a refugee camp in Kenya . She had fled Somalia after gunmen stormed her home and Ms. Mohamed’s one of her daughters in front Ms. Mohamed’s her . Ms. Mohamed ’s Ms. Mohamed’s and     were killed Ms. Mohamed’s too Ms. Mohamed’s took in her sister ’s two children , in addition to Ms. Mohamed’s own seven Ms. Mohamed’s The last of the family , Batulo Abdalla Ms. Mohamed’s , 20 , was scheduled to leave Kenya on Monday . But then came the ban last month . Her travel was canceled , she called to tell her parents . Ms. Mohamed’s could hear the grief Ms. Mohamed’s her voice . Ms. Mohamed’s She ’s her parents asking us , ‘ What Ms. Mohamed’s I do ? Ms. Mohamed’s " said Ms. her parents ’s husband , Abdalla Ramadhan Munye . " She feels Mr. Munye thing we Ms. Mohamed’s do is to her parents to Ms. Mohamed’s and feel her pain her parents " Mr. Munye said he wanted Ms. Mohamed’s deliver a Ms. Mohamed’s to the first lady , Melania Trump . " As a mother , Mr. Munye he said , " she knows how difficult it would be to be separated from a Ms. Mohamed’s . " Mr. Munye Mustafa from Syria said her parents had encouraged her and her sister to get out of the country as soon as they could Sana Mustafa from Syria the Syrian civil Sana Mustafa from Syria began Sana Mustafa from Syria Ms. Mustafa received a    fellowship funded by the State her parents to visit Washington in the summer of 2013 Sana Mustafa from Syria I applied , out of the blue , online , in the middle of the war , " she said . " My dad said , ‘ Go . ’ " That was one the Syrian civil war last conversations Sana Mustafa from Syria him . A businessman known for his opposition to President Bashar   ’s government , her Sana Mustafa from Syria was picked up in My dad 2013 , while Ms. Mustafa My dad in Washington . Her plans changed immediately Sana Mustafa from Syria President Bashar   no chance of going back to Syria Sana Mustafa from Syria slept on the sofas of strangers who Ms. Mustafa was in Washington her in . She applied for political asylum in the United States , and Ms. Mustafa was in Washington got it . To make ends meet , Ms. Mustafa was in Washington worked as Ms. Mustafa was in Washington hostess at a restaurant , then as a    babysitter . Through friends of friends , she landed a Ms. Mustafa was in Washington scholarship at Bard College in upstate New York . She graduated last year . Her mother , Lamia Zreik Ms. Mustafa was in Washington has not been as lucky . She fled with her other two Ms. Mustafa was in Washington , Wafa and Ghena Ms. Mustafa was in Washington after her husband was detained in 2013 . They went to Ms. Mustafa was in Washington , Turkey Ms. Mustafa was in Washington —    the border town now home to hundreds Ms. Mustafa was in Washington thousands of Syrians   —    and in 2014 , hoping to join Sana , applied for resettlement to the United States . They were interviewed four times   —    by United Nations officials , then by American officials . One year passed , then They . When Wafa , who had been supporting the family , got a chance to go to Germany , Ms. Zreik told her that she could n’t possibly pass it up . " We had two options   —    either she stays or I Ms. Zreik , Ms. Zreik Ms. Zreik said by telephone from Gaziantep , where she works with Syrian children orphaned by Ms. Zreik war . " And the first Ms. Zreik really an option . " In early January Ms. Zreik the first bad news came : an email informing Ms. Zreik that she and her daughter would have to undergo more security screenings . Ms. Mustafa was visiting Gaziantep at the time . Ms. Zreik years was Ms. Zreik enough Ms. Zreik screening ? " she said . " I was Ms. Zreik . I was Gaziantep very angry . " For a while , neither of them told Ghena , Ms. Zreik , the bad news . Then came the executive order . Ms. Mustafa said Ghena had taken it the hardest . " She was very sad , " she said . " She said : ‘ We Ms. Zreik going anywhere . No one Ghena taking us . ’ Ms. Zreik The family has applied for Ms. Zreik to France and Ms. Zreik . Wafa , 26 and studying in Berlin , said she could not We to Germany until she could prove she could support them financially . Wafa ’s own good fortune weighs on her . " I Ms. Zreik thinking about this every day , " Ms. Zreik said the family Ms. Zreik Wafa have to find a way to help my mom and my Ms. Zreik . " For now , there ’s no place they her sister Ms. Zreik . " I ca n’t express my deep anger , " Ms. Zreik said . " We are a small family . Without my husband , and each girl in a different country , we ca n’t see each other Ms. Zreik 
 