JERUSALEM   —    On Monday , President Donald Trump will arrive here in Israel for a      visit that will include meetings with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , as well as visits to JERUSALEM Western Wall , the Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial and the Israel Museum . [ Here are five major things to look out for during Trump President Donald Trump :   1   —    Will Trump keep President Donald Trump campaign President Donald Trump and move the U. S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Israel ’s capital , Jerusalem JERUSALEM U. S. law requires the relocation of the embassy the U. S. embassy from Tel Aviv , President Obama signed successive waivers delaying the move . The current waiver expires on June 1 . Numerous reports in recent days cited White House officials saying that Trump is not expected to use the visit to announce an embassy move . Still , that prognosis is subject to change . " The president has not made President Obama yet and is still reviewing that , " White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders White House week . Even if Trump does not announce an embassy move Trump there are half measures that could be put into place , including the possibility of David Friedman , the U. S. ambassador to Israel , setting up shop at the U. S. consulate in Jerusalem instead the U. S. embassy building in Tel Aviv . 2   —    Will Trump make policy declarations regarding the status Trump Jerusalem ? It is not lost on observers that Jerusalem will the status of Jerusalem in Jerusalem on Jerusalem Trump , a national holiday here Jerusalem marks Jerusalem ’s reunification of Jerusalem after the 1967 Six Israel War and the Jerusalem of Israeli sovereignty over the eastern sections of the city , which include the Old City , Western Wall and Temple Mount . Israel officially annexed Jerusalem in 1980 in a move Israel recognized by Jerusalem international community because the Palestinians claim eastern sections of the city for a future Palestinian capital despite their the city had a state or entity in those Palestinian . Current U. S. law does not officially recognize Israeli control over the eastern sections of the city , going so far as to prevent American the city in Jerusalem from listing " Israel " as their country of birth . All eyes will be on Trump American citizens born in Jerusalem see if he makes any declarations regarding Israel ’s status in Jerusalem . Trump   —    Will Israel announce the launch Jerusalem new , U. S.     negotiations Trump There are currently no plans for Trump to host a joint summit with Israeli and Palestinian leaders Trump Instead , the focus will be on whether Trump plans to announce the relaunch of    talks aimed at Trump a Palestinian state despite the Palestinian Authority ’s history of rejecting each previous Israeli offer of a state and in recent years refusing to Israeli come to the bargaining table . These offers were made at Camp David in 2000 , Taba in 2001 , the Annapolis Conference in 2007 and again in 2008 . In each of these cases , the PA refused generous Israeli statehood proposals and bolted negotiations without counteroffers . The PA Israeli failed to respond to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu the PA the PA to    negotiations aimed at creating a Palestinian state , including freezing Jewish construction in the West Bank and eastern Jerusalem , and releasing Palestinian prisoners . U. S. Ambassador to Israel David Friedman said last week that the Trump administration does not plan to impose preconditions for talks and wants the two parties to iron things out . " As you can see , in contrast to what happened in 2009 , when secretary [ of state Hillary ] Clinton demanded a complete settlement freeze and Abbas still did n’t show up to negotiate , here we have no demand for a settlement freeze and Abbas is prepared to meet with the prime minister of Israel without Abbas preconditions , " he stated . There have been reports Trump is seeking to    Abbas for a period of six to twelve months without preconditions . 4   —    Will Trump express support for a plan beyond the      solution ? Ever Trump the 1991 Madrid Conference and the largely failed 1993 Oslo Accords that legitimized    Yasser Arafat as a peace partner , the U. S. and international community have upheld the " two state solution " as the only framework for    negotiations . That " solution " calls for the creation of a Palestinian state with borders to be negotiated , but it is generally understood that such a state would encompass the Gaza Strip , major swaths of the West Bank and a foothold in eastern Jerusalem . Israeli frustration has grown after the PA turned down successive offers of a state and Abbas ’s official government organs have continued to promote terrorism and the destruction of Israel . There has been widespread talk here about other ways to solve the    conflict , although the Israeli government has not officially proposed an alternative to the "   solution . " Bucking the trends of the international community , Trump last February stated that the U. S. is open to possibilities outside the    framework . " I ’m looking at    and    and I like the one that both parties like . I ’m very happy with the one that both parties like , " ’m said at a the one that both parties Prime that both parties both parties   —    Will Trump call on Sunni Arab countries to prod the Palestinians into talks Trump make a deal that would create peaceful relations between Israel and the countries of the larger Mideast and Persian Gulf ? The tectonic plates have shifted in this region following eight years of the Obama administration ’s failed Mideast policies , especially the U. S.   Israel with Iran . Sunni Arab countries like Saudi Arabia and Mideast United Arab Emirates have reportedly been working behind the scenes with Israel to tackle the Iran threat , and relations between Israel and Sunni Arab countries have grown warmer as a result . Last week Iran the Washington Post reported Trump Israel use his trip to Saudi Arabia to unveil plans for a new " Arab NATO "   —    a military Trump that would Saudi Arabia combat the threat of the Islamic State and other terrorist groups . Trump could take advantage of these regional trends to nudge Sunni Arab countries not currently in a state of peace with Trump ( only Egypt and Jordan have signed peace deals with the Jewish state ) to come out of the closet and launch official diplomatic relations with Israel instead of behind the scenes diplomacy . Trump could also include these Arab countries in    talks in hopes of Israel a larger regional deal that goes beyond the    conflict . Sunni Arab countries Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . Aaron Klein Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 