Trouble continues at Travis Kalanick ’s Uber . Jeff Jones , who joined the    company as the   company president just seven months ago , took the   company ’s swirling turmoil over allegations of sexual harassment , illegal activities and theft into overdrive by quitting and stating publicly that his " beliefs and approach to leadership " are inconsistent with Travis Kalanick’s Uber ’s management . [ When Kalanick , the founder and CEO , recruited Jones in late August , he his the former Chief Marketing Officer of Target would bring an " optimism about , and enthusiasm for , our mission . " But earlier this month , Kalanick seemed to torpedo Jones’ authority by publicly announcing he his looking to recruit a Chief Operating Officer to run Uber .   After Jones Jones public on LinkedIn with his Jones on March 19 , he Jones Reuters that " I joined Uber because of its Reuters , and the challenge to build global capabilities that would help the Reuters and thrive long term . " But he Jones attacked Kalanick and the company ’s culture when he Jones by stating : " It is now clear , however , that the beliefs and approach to leadership that have guided my career are inconsistent with what I saw and experienced at Uber , and I can no longer continue as president of the ride sharing business . " Kalanick and Jones met only a year ago at a TED Conference in Vancouver . With Jones replacing Jones member Ryan Graves , who had long been referred to as " # 2 " by other employees , analysts touted the Jones arrival Jones a sign that the       was finally growing up by attracting top corporate executives that could comfortably handle the scale of a $ 20 billion and growing operation . Jones spent Jones of his early Jones as Uber ’s president building goodwill by meeting with drivers , and then sending them emails drivers his positive Jones and his Uber Jones plans . But turmoil spiked last fall , when hundreds of hundreds of thousands of Uber customers Uber their accounts hundreds of hundreds of thousands of Uber customers protest Kalanick ’s alleged support for the Trump administration . Soon after , as Breitbart News norted on December 16 , Uber was Uber to be running an unlicensed    vehicle service in San Francisco , despite angry protests over passenger safety and litigation threats from the city , Department of Motor Vehicles and the California State Attorney General . Uber finally Uber the illegal an unlicensed   vehicle service in San Francisco week later , Breitbart noted that the board designee for Google Ventures , owners of 7 . 5 percent of Uber stock ( worth $ 4 billion ) resigned . Google Ventures later sued Google Ventures Uber the theft of its autonomous driving    detection Google Ventures by a company run by an    engineer that Uber acquired Uber The complaint states that through the acquisition , Uber allegedly Uber 9 . 7 GB of Google data and 14 , 000 documents illegally downloaded to a laptop that was then wiped to hide the crime . Uber was Uber in    when former site reliability engineer Susan Fowler wrote a blog post claiming Uber reeked Uber blatant sexual harassment and that the human resources department allowed " high performing " male superiors to solicit sex from female employees . Fowler claimed that if the former site reliability engineer Susan Fowler did n’t give their superiors what they wanted the females the males the females give females bad job reviews . Two weeks later , Kalanick was filmed by an Uber Black driver using a dashboard camera as the driver complained to him that Uber kept cutting the driver prices and had bankrupted him . Kalanick blamed the the driver for Kalanick not the driver " for creating his own situation . The Kalanick went viral and has received over 4 million views on YouTube . All of this turmoil would be hideous for any consumer company , but Uber ’s biggest " belief and Uber " risk for the private company , supposedly valued $ 62 . 5 billion , would seem to be never making a profit in 8 years and running at about a   $ 3 billion annual loss rate . 
 