Paul Nehlen , a Republican businessman from Wisconsin ’s first congressional district , has just launched his 2018 congressional campaign against the    Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan . [ This is the second time Nehlen is challenging the   Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan , after coming up short in the 2016 GOP primary in Wisconsin ’s first congressional district .   " the   Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan did n’t help Mr. Trump defeat Hillary Clinton , and even pledged not to defend the president , " Nehlen Nehlen in his the president . " But I have a message for Speaker the   Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan The American people are not done fighting for President Trump Mr. Trump agenda . That ’s why I am announcing my second challenge to Paul Ryan the   Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan nomination in Wisconsin ’s first congressional district . " Nehlen ’s comment Nehlen audio unearthed by Breitbart News of Ryan during a the   Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan call with House GOP members in which he not only abandoned    Donald Trump during the most crucial month of October of the 2016 presidential campaign but pledged to never defend the president again . " I am not going to defend Donald Trump —   not Donald Trump not in the future , " Ryan said in the   Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan audio of the conference call with House GOP colleagues , which House after the Access Hollywood tape of Trump emerged . Ryan ’s comments Donald Trump notable because he did not the   Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan he specifically would the   Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan defend Trump on the Access Hollywood tape Donald Trump His comments meant the   Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan would not the   Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan the man who is now president of the United States on anything . Ryan refused to the   Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan with President Trump at all until the Donald Trump the campaign , but did appear with    President Mike Pence . At the time , Ryan spokesman Brendan the   Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan said things have changed since Trump won the election . " The Donald Trump is well aware of this history , " Buck said of the audio tape of Ryan spokesman Brendan Buck throwing Trump the   Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan the bus . " And Donald Trump a lot has happened since then . As everyone knows , " Buck also said , adding in a Ryan spokesman Brendan Buck comment that " of course they were " when asked if these comments were specifically about the Access Hollywood tapes , even though Ryan did not the   Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan his abandonment of the   Trump House Speaker Paul Ryan in the conference call . " Donald Trump was in response to that , but as everyone knows , they came together toward the end of they campaign and the Speaker vocally supported him and even campaigned with Pence , the Speaker Buck said . Buck has not responded to a request Buck comment in response to Nehlen ’s announcement he is running again against Ryan . Buck Nehlen appears to be coming straight at Nehlen out of the gate , more Ryan a year before the primary against Ryan . That extra time will give Ryan an ability to build his name Nehlen in the district , Nehlen , and gain steam against the Speaker of the House . Nehlen continued in his statement . Last Nehlen in my Nehlen challenge to Speaker Ryan , we managed to kill Ryan and Obama ’s    deal , Ryan    Partnership . But Paul Ryan apparently has n’t gotten the memo Ryan of Americans voted for President Trump , and they expect Paul Ryan to work to repeal Obamacare Millions of Americans bad Ryan trade deals close the border and back the President ’s strong , America First agenda . But President Trump n’t happened . But unbelievably , Paul Ryan has fully funded the dangerous refugee resettlement racket Ryan is not what we voted for . Nehlen is correct that he successfully forced Ryan to oppose the Trans Pacific Partnership ( TPP Nehlen which Ryan Trump has since gone on to officially kill once and for all . He also forced Ryan to campaign on bended knee in front of President Trump factory Ryan in Wisconsin . But he did come up short , winning less than 20 percent of President Trump vote in the primary against Ryan . Nehlen concluded in his Friday statement by saying that Ryan is a " career politician President Trump who must be drained Ryan the swamp of Washington , D. C. Nehlen said : Paul Ryan is a career politician who Nehlen D. Ryan nearly two decades . He may have been a nice Wisconsin boy when he left Janesville Ryan but now Ryan is working for special interests Ryan industry bosses , working to Ryan Wisconsin ’s jobs to Mexico and Asia . Ryan is working     with multinational corporations Wisconsin their costs by Ryan them access to    immigrant labor . And it is decimating WIsconsin multinational corporations economy . Wisconsin multinational corporations to drain the swamp last November , so that ’s Wisconsin ’m going to Wisconsin . During the primary last year , Trump —   then officially the GOP nominee for President —   Tweeted out support for Nehlen . After significant backlash in the media and inside the Republican Party , Trump eventually officially endorsed Ryan for Congress in the name of GOP unity —   something Ryan , of course , reneged on in October . But Trump ’s endorsement , which he famously read off a piece of paper , was viewed as Trump hollow one by many Trump Trump supporters , almost as though he had to do it . Trump went on to win Trump in the general election — Trump adding the rust belt state Trump its 10 electoral votes to others like Ohio , Pennsylvania , Iowa , and Michigan to his Trump total , carrying him into the White House —   without Ryan ’s support . Trump , according to some Trump , Trump is more popular in Ryan ’s own district than Ryan —   something Nehlen will surely be banking on in the Ryan’s campaign he ’s Ryan against Ryan . 
 Ryan Nehlen 