American Conservative Union President Matt Schlapp hosted a conversation with White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and White House strategist Steve Bannon on Thursday at CPAC 2017 . [ Priebus began by declaring that President Trump , who will also speak at CPAC CPAC 2017 would become known as " one of the greatest presidents that ever served this country . "    Schlapp noted that Trump will also be the first president to address CPAC CPAC 2017 his Trump year in office since Ronald Reagan in 1981 , and he Schlapp Trump Trump assembling " the most conservative Cabinet we ’ve ever seen , according to our we CPAC 2017 . " When Schlapp Schlapp for the " biggest misconception about what ’s going on in the Donald Trump White House , " Priebus replied : " In regard to us we , I think the biggest misconception is everything that you ’re reading . " Priebus Priebus Bannon said that contrary to media reports about friction between them Priebus and Bannon they Priebus and Bannon working very well together . " It ’s actually something that you all helped build , " Priebus Priebus the audience . " When you bring together , and what this election showed , and what President Trump showed   —    and let ’s this election kid ourselves , I mean I can talk about data and ground game , and Steve can talk about big ideas , but the truth of the matter is , Donald President Trump President Trump President Trump the party and the conservative movement . " The President ’s President Trump went on to say , prompting a burst of applause : And I ’ve got to tell you , if the party and the conservative the party and the conservative movement similar to the conservative movement   — Steve it ca n’t be stopped . And President Trump was the one President Trump he was the one person   President Trump    and I can say it after overseeing 16 people kill each other   —    it was the one person   Trump that was able to President Trump party and this movement together . Steve and I know that , and Steve live it the conservative movement . Our job is to get the agenda of President Trump through the door , and we pen and paper . Bannon , formerly a Breitbart News executive , argued that the mainstream media has been consistently wrong in how it portrayed the Trump campaign , the transition , and now the administration during its the mainstream media months . President Trump If you remember , the campaign was the most chaotic the mainstream media by the media ’s description , most chaotic , most disorganized , most unprofessional , had no earthly idea what they were doing   —    and then you saw them all crying and weeping the campaign night on the Eighth , " he recalled . Bannon agreed with Priebus that President Trump ’s ideas , energy , Bannon vision were the key to galvanizing a President Trump of supporters around him . " A lot of people have strong beliefs about different things , but we President Trump that you can come together to win , and we understood that from August 15th , " Bannon said . " We never had a we , and Donald Trump never had a doubt that he was we to win . " Priebus and Bannon both emphasized how much of Trump Donald Trump agenda is clearly laid out in his speeches Bannon going all the way back Donald Trump his appearance at CPAC 2011 . " Donald Trump all of us were starving for the whole Donald Trump , because we ’re so sick of politics and politicians   —    in spite of the fact us we love being here , we actually hate politics   —    but what we were us for was somebody real us " Priebus contended . " Somebody genuine , us that was actually who he said he was . " " If you want to see the Trump agenda , Somebody ’s Somebody simple : it was all in the speeches , " said Bannon . the Trump agenda He went around to the Trump agenda rallies with those speeches that had a tremendous amount of content Bannon them . I happen to believe , and I think many others do , he ’s these rallies the greatest public speaker in those large arenas since William Jennings Bryan . Bannon " Remember , we did n’t have any money , " Bannon pointed out . " Hillary Clinton and these guys had over $ 2 billion . Bannon had a couple of hundred million dollars . It was those rallies and those speeches we All he ’s doing right now is he ’s laid out an agenda with those speeches , Bannon the promises he made , Bannon our job every day is just those speeches on that , to Bannon get a path we how those get executed . " Bannon testified that President Trump ’s response to advice that he should deviate from his agenda for    political benefit has been , " No , I President Trump the American people President Trump , and this is the plan we ’re going to execute on . " " That ’s why you ’ve seen the executive orders , the way he ’s gone through the Supreme Court , and by the way the other 102 judges that President Trump ’re eventually going to pick , " he said . " It ’s just methodical , and that ’s what the mainstream media wo President Trump report . Just like they were dead wrong on the chaos of the campaign , and just like they were dead the mainstream media on the chaos of the transition , they are absolutely dead wrong about the mainstream media ’s going on today , because we have a team the mainstream media ’s just grinding it through on what President Donald Trump promised the American people . The mainstream media had better understand something : all of those promises are going to be implemented , " Bannon promised . Priebus said the most urgent task for the administration was confirming Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court . He explained : Number One , we ’re not talking about a change over a    period Priebus We ’re talking about a change of potentially forty years of law . But more important than we , it established trust . It established that President Trump is a man of his word . We a change of potentially forty years of law knew that . a change of potentially forty years of law when he said here ’s twenty names on President Trump piece of we back in July , remember , President Trump he said , ‘ I ’m going to pick my judge out of these twenty people that President Trump on this piece of paper,’ and he did it   —    that ’s number one , because Neil Gorsuch represents a conservative President Trump represents this piece of paper,’ type of judge that has the vision of Donald Trump , and it fulfills the promise that he made to all of you , and to all Americans across the vision of Donald Trump country . Priebus said President Trump second item on the president ’s agenda was deregulation . He argued that Trump has n’t been given enough credit for imposing a consistent process of deregulation Priebus ordering that " for every regulation presented for passage , that Cabinet secretary has to identify two that that person would eliminate . " The third priority identified by Priebus was immigration   —    " protecting the sovereignty of the United States , putting a Priebus on the southern border , making sure that criminals are not part of our process . " " These are all things that eight percent of Americans agree with , and these are all things that President Trump is doing within thirty days , " he declared . These divided the White House agenda into three categories : national security , economic President Trump , and President Trump deconstruction of the administrative state . He said : I think one of the most pivotal moments in modern American history was his President Trump withdrawal from TPP . Got us out of a trade deal and let our sovereignty President Trump back to ourselves . The people in the mainstream media do n’t get this us but we ’re already us in consultation with the Hill , people are starting to think through a us raft of amazing and innovative bilateral relationships , bilateral trading relationships with people that will reposition America in the world as a fair trading nation , and start to bring jobs   —    high value added manufacturing jobs   —    back to the United States of America . " The rule of law is going to exist , when you talk about our America and you talk about immigration , " he stated , linking the president ’s trade positions with national security . He said the defense Bannon and Secretary of Defense James Mattis ’s plan for defeating ISIS would Bannon be part of that imperative . Bannon made the interesting point that business leaders have been telling the White House that slashing regulations is at least as important as cutting taxes to get the economy moving faster . " If you look at these Cabinet appointees , they were selected for a reason , and that is the deconstruction   —    the way these Cabinet appointees progressive left runs is that if they ca n’t get it passed , they ’re just going to put it in some kind these Cabinet appointees regulation in an agency . That these Cabinet appointees all going to be deconstructed it and that ’s why I think this regulatory thing is so important , " he said . Schlapp brought the conversation back to media coverage of the new administration . Priebus said he thought there was hope for improvement . " I"m personally the administration hearing about why Priebus Trump Priebus n’t going to win President Trump why a controversy in the primary is going to take down President Trump I lived through it as chairman of President Trump , " he said , recalling his time as chairman of the Republican National Committee during the primary 2016 election .   " It really Priebus me because it Priebus maybe the summer of 2015 , and you remember the media was constantly pounding President Trump , and the polling It getting better and President Trump President Trump . But it was when I went home and President Trump of this town , and I went back to Kenosha , and I talked to my neighbor . And I said , ‘ Bob , what do you think?’ He goes , ‘ Man , I really love that Trump.’ I said , ‘ Sandy , what do you think?’ ‘ We ’re think?’ Trump . ‘ " " You all lived through it too , President Trump ‘ all had different people you were for , but you kept running into your neighbors , and you kept running into people that you know , and what did they keep telling you ? They kept telling you , ‘ Trump , Trump , Trump,’ " he said , unintentionally sparking a chant you all had different people you were the president ’s name you all had different people you were the audience . He said it was clear the country was ‘Trump, Trump, Trump,’ for something much bigger than a single the president’s or a modest course correction from the ‘Trump, Trump, Trump,’ administration . the country took his turn at the microphone to disagree with Priebus about whether media coverage of the Trump administration the administration He argued that it was likely President Trump Bannon " Bannon Priebus corporatist , globalist media that are adamantly opposed to an economic nationalist agenda like Donald Trump has , Bannon Bannon argued , recalling how that message resonated everywhere President Trump CPAC appearances by Trump to small town hall meetings . He predicted media coverage would therefore get worse as Trump continues Bannon " press his agenda , Donald Trump as economic conditions get better , more jobs get better , they ’re going Bannon Donald Trump to fight . " Bannon warned : If you think they ’re Bannon to give you your country back without a fight , you are sadly mistaken more jobs Every day it is going to be a Bannon , and that is what more jobs ’m proudest about the country . All the opportunities he had to waver off this , all the President Trump have come to him and President Trump , ‘ Oh , you ’ve got to moderate.’ Every day in the President Trump Office he tells Reince and I , ‘ I commited this to the American people , I President Trump this when I ran , and I ’m going to deliver on this.’ Priebus stressed the importance of Republicans sticking the American people coming years . " I think what you ’ve got is an incredible this to use this Priebus President Trump and all of us , and you , and everyone that made this happen put together , and work together , continue to communicate , " he said , adding : Some of the core principles of President Trump are very similar to those of Ronald Reagan . When you look at peace President Trump and building up the military   —    I President Trump and all of us, and you, and everyone that made this happen put together , how many times have you heard President Trump say , ‘ I ’m going to build up the military , I ’m going President Trump care of the vets , I ’m going to make sure that we do n’t have a Navy that ’s decimated and planes that are nowhere to be found?’ Peace through strength . Deregulation . You think about the economy and the economic boom that was created . Some of it is going to take a little time   —    to get the jobs back , to get more money in people ’s pockets . Those things are going to happen . In the meantime , we have to stick together and make sure that we ’ve got President Trump for eight years . He ’s somebody that we know that we ’re going to be President Trump of as these things get President Trump . But we ’s going to take all of us working we to make it happen . Bannon saw a " new political order we continuing to we shape , noting that populists ,    conservatives , libertarians , and economic nationalists could be found in the CPAC audience we " We have wide it sometimes divergent Bannon , but I think the center core of what we believe   —    that we ’re a nation with an economy , not an economy just in some global marketplace with open borders , but we are a nation with a culture and a reason for being , We he said . " I think that ’s what unites us , and I think that is what ’s going to unite this movement going forward We " " We ’re at the top of the first inning on this . It ’s going to take just as much fight We just as much focus , and just as much determination , and the one thing I ’d like We leave you guys today with is that we want you to have our back    …      but more importantly , hold us accountable . Hold us accountable to what we promised , hold us accountable for delivering on what we promised . " Modertor Matt Schlapp We in acknowledgment of the We nature of their joint appearance , asked the Honorable We what they appreciated We one another . We lauded Bannon for We " very dogged in ensuring We every day , the promises that President Trump has made are the promises that we ’re working on , " for Priebus " their loyal President Trump and for being " extremely Bannon . " " As you can imagine , there are many things hitting the president ’s ear and desk every day , different things that come to the president that want to move him off his agenda , and Steve is very consistent and very loyal to the agenda , and is a President Trump the president’s is very important to have in the White House , " he said . He added that he thought of Bannon an economic nationalist agenda like Donald Trump dear and cherished friend . " I can run a little an economic nationalist agenda like Donald Trump occasions , " Bannon allowed . " And Reince is indefatigable . It the White House , but it ’s determination . Steve thing I Steve most Bannon Steve the only way this thing works , is Reince is always kind of steady    …      President Trump job is by far one of the toughest jobs I ’ve ever seen in my life . " It Reince Reince 