Elaine Chao , Donald Trump ’s nominee to head the Department of Transportation , could collect up to $ 5 million in Wells Fargo preferred stock after assuming Chao new role in the Trump administration . [ According to financial disclosure forms , Chao will receive a " cash payout for my deferred stock compensation " upon Chao confirmation as Secretary of Transportation . The annual payouts will begin in July 2017 and would continue through 2021 .   " This is a golden parachute for government services that the large banks are now increasingly famous for offering . It is not illegal yet , but It does provide the former employee with substantial financial rewards from Wells Fargo , potentially creating a sense of indebtedness from the government official toward the bank , " ethics expert Craig Holman told The Intercept after reviewing Chao ’s disclosure forms and Well Wells Fargo executive compensation agreement . " These golden parachutes for taking government positions are either a massively corrupting incentive structure   —    effectively a backdoor bribe to incoming government officials   —    or an abject waste of shareholder resources , " Kurt Walters , campaign director for Demand Progress , told the outlet . Chao , who served as labor secretary under George W. Bush , sailed through her Elaine Chao hearing last week without scandal . " Elaine Chao Gets Cozy Reception at Confirmation Hearing " is how the New York Times described her her confirmation hearing Chao , the wife of Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell , served on Wells Fargo ’s board between 2011 and 2015 and made an estimated $ 1 . 2 million for her Elaine Chao to the San Francisco ,    bank . Coincidentally , 2011 was the same year the Obama    Consumer Financial Protection Bureau says Wells Fargo began forcing its employees Consumer Financial Protection Bureau " secretly open unauthorized accounts to hit sales targets and receive bonuses . " Nevertheless , Chao Elaine Chao she Elaine Chao committed to avoiding even the appearance of a conflict of interest should she Elaine Chao Transoprtion Secretary   —    citing her Elaine Chao to submit a waiver or seek exemption if she Elaine Chao in any matter that directly affects Wells Fargo . To be sure , government    golden parachutes are nothing new . But they are government   golden parachutes the kind of    shenanigans Trump promised to stomp out . Indeed , many of Obama ’s top appointees came from financial firms that allocate six and    payments to senior executives who accepted government jobs . Secretary of the Treasury Jacob Lew left Citigroup with $ 500 , 000 stock options guarantees . Obama ’s Obama to the Secretary of the US Treasury Antonio Weiss was set to receive $ 20 million in preferential stock and deferential payments from his previous Counselor to the Secretary of the US Treasury Antonio Weiss , Lazard , upon entering government . The news of Chao ’s corporate payday comes on the heels of reports that Trump nominee for Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will receive a retirement payout worth at least $ 180 million , should he be Chao’s . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 