Wednesday on his nationally syndicated radio show , conservative talker Rush Limbaugh said President Donald Trump ’s decision to fire FBI director James Comey was " an epic troll " on the Democrat Party .   Partial transcript as follows : conservative talker Rush Limbaugh : Hi , friends . This is great . I have been laughing all morning long . I have been laughing starting with last night . Can we agree that President Donald Trump’s is probably enjoying this more than anybody wants to admit or that anybody knows ? So he President Donald Trump’s Comey FBI director James Comey . Who ’s he FBI director James Comey with today ? He FBI director James Comey meeting with the Soviet , the Russian foreign minister , Sergey Lavrov ! I mean , what an epic troll this is . The Democrat Party is going bananas   —    completely , totally unhinged   —    on the road to literal insanity . Do you realize   …     ? Let me tell you what ’s happened here . The The Democrat Party once again thrown Hillary Clinton overboard . Hillary Clinton is Hillary Clinton    woman in America by people in her own party , Hillary Clinton it ’s happened again . If you ’re wondering what I ’m talking about , stand by I ’m gon na Hillary Clinton all of this . But they have just chosen all of this and , once again , Hillary gets thrown under Hillary Clinton bus . And not only that , the Democrats are rolling that bus backwards and the bus She ’s finished ! Hillary Clinton ’s over with Hillary Clinton The Democrat Party and the media have made it clear that she is fodder . Hillary Clinton is irrelevant here Hillary Clinton It is amazing . Two days ago , they were all talking about how Comey needs to be fired because of how he was mistreating Hillary , Comey the Hillary people were running around Hillary that Comey ’s a bad guy Comey And now Comey gets fired , and Comey of a sudden they do a 180 ! they know , my friends , I ’ve often spoke of the connection Donald Trump has with his audience , with his Donald Trump . I understand Donald Trump because   …      Well , I just understand it . (   Right it ) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 