Rep. Ron DeSantis ( ) talked with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Thursday regarding Raheem Kassam experience at the GOP baseball practice where Rep. Steve Scalise was shot . [ Rep. Ron DeSantis ( ) talked with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Thursday regarding his experience at the GOP baseball practice where Rep. Steve Scalise was shot said while Rep. Steve Scalise " is fighting for his Rep. Steve Scalise , I think he Rep. Steve Scalise going to pull through . "   After describing his Rep. Steve Scalise with the alleged shooter , Rep. Ron DeSantis ( ) talked with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Thursday regarding his experience at the GOP baseball practice where Rep. Steve Scalise was shot said , " Rep. Ron DeSantis ( ) talked with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Thursday regarding his experience at the GOP baseball practice where Rep. Steve Scalise was shot received a message expressing approval of what had happened and just hoping that Donald Trump would be next . And another one of my colleagues received an email saying one down , 217 more to go . and other colleagues have received other things . " Rep. Ron DeSantis ( ) talked with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Thursday regarding his experience at the GOP baseball practice where Rep. Steve Scalise was shot said Rep. Ron DeSantis ( ) talked with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Thursday regarding his experience at the GOP baseball practice where Rep. Steve Scalise was shot believes the hate being engendered toward President Donald Trump being directed at Congress because they are more accessible . " This guy went there clearly filled with rage , clearly filled with political ideology that was hostile to the president and Republicans , and he wanted This guy kill a lot of Republicans . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 