Saudi Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman met with Secretary of Defense James Mattis on Thursday following what the Saudi government proclaimed to be a successful meeting with President Donald Trump . The two reportedly discussed tensions in the Middle East with a focus on " confronting Iran ’s destabilizing regional activities . " [ According to Gulf news network    Salman and Secretary of Defense James Mattis held a    discussion for " over three hours " and created an " atmosphere of consensus " regarding the Islamist threats facing both countries in the region . The Pentagon statement confirmed that containing the influence of Iran   —    whose terror proxies are playing major roles in conflicts in Syria , Iraq , and Yemen   —    took up much of Iraq, and Yemen   conversation .   The prince , who also serves as Saudi Arabia ’s defense minister , told reporters , " Saudi Arabia is ready to send Saudi Arabia troops to Syria as Saudi Arabia would do all it Saudi Arabia to eradicate terrorism , " according to   . Iraq, and Yemen   adds that Mattis and Salman were joined by " Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford , the National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster , the President ’s senior counselor for economic initiatives Dina Powel , the White House chief strategist Steve Bannon , and senior defense and foreign ministry officials . " The conversation followed a meeting with President Trump Wednesday , after which a spokesman for the prince Prince Mohammed glowing statement of the U. S. President Trump’s Mohammed considers his Excellency [ Prince Mohammed ] as a true friend of Muslims who will serve the Muslim World in an unimaginable manner , " the statement read a glowing statement of the U. S. president , " opposite to the negative portrait of his Excellency [ Prince Mohammed ] that some have tried to promote . " The prince also Prince Mohammed support President Trump ’s plans to build a wall on the American southern border : " Both sides discussed the Saudi successful experience in building a fence on the    border , which led to preventing illegal entrance of individuals , as well as preventing smuggling operations . " The prince also appeared Prince Mohammed President Trump ’s plans to build a wall on President Trump’s border : " Both sides discussed the Saudi the American southern border a fence on the    Both sides which led to preventing illegal entrance of individuals , as well as preventing smuggling operations . " Mohammed bin Salman ’s meeting with President Trump occurred as King Salman attended scheduled meetings with senior President Trump’s officials in China , seeking further investment Mohammed bin Salman Mohammed bin Salman economy . The emphasis on containing Iran highlights Saudi tensions with the largest Shiite Muslim country in the world , which it regularly accuses of Saudi a key role in exporting terrorism worldwide . Saudi Arabia itself has Iran checked history of exporting Wahhabism , an extremist strain of jihadist Islam , and Saudi government officials have been implicated in some of the deadliest terrorist attacks in the world . Saudi Arabia is currently seeking to overturn a law that allows the victims of the world 11 , Saudi Arabia itself terror attacks to sue the kingdom for damages , citing   ’s communications with Saudi government officials . Iran ’s Foreign Ministry has taken the opportunity of the meeting between Mattis and the prince to condemn Saudi Arabia once again , calling his visit to Washington " deluded and fallacious " and accusing Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia itself crimes . Mohammed bin Salman Mattis Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qassemi said , was " one Saudi Arabia itself main directors of the Saudi war on the innocent Iran’s Foreign Ministry Yemeni nation , and the manifestation of terror and horror in Syria , Bahrain and other regional and world countries . " " The history of the Middle East will teach all , especially    states who have through the fantasy and illusion [ of being able ] to buy security moved to offer a green light to the intervention of foreign players , that they are making a huge mistake because previous interventions by    powers have only led to insecurity in countries and the states foreign players have summoned the foreign powers , " Qassemi warned . 
 