WASHINGTON   —    The White House on Thursday " counseled " Ms. Conway , in an unusual show of displeasure after she urged consumers to buy fashion products marketed by Ivanka Trump , the president ’s daughter . Legal experts said Ms. Conway might have violated a federal ethics rule against endorsing products or promoting an associate ’s financial interests . " Go buy Ivanka ’s stuff is what I would say , " Ms. Conway said in a Thursday morning interview with Ms. Conway , speaking from the White House briefing room . " I ’m going to give a free commercial here : Go buy it today , everybody you can find it online . a free commercial Sean Spicer , the president ’s a free commercial secretary , would not elaborate on what the counseling entailed . Jason Chaffetz , the Republican chairman of the House Oversight Committee , said Ms. Conway ’s comments were " wrong , wrong , Ms. Conway and there ’s no excuse for it . " Mr. Chaffetz   —    who so far had not acted Jason Chaffetz, the Republican chairman of the House Oversight Committee . Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington and Public Citizen , nonprofit advocacy groups , sent their own requests to the ethics office to investigate whether Ms. Conway ’s comments went over the line . The director of the office , Walter M. Shaub Jr. has said publicly that the president needs to do more to separate himself from his businesses . Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington and Public Citizen, nonprofit advocacy groups ethics rules state the Office of Government Ethics of the government ’s executive branch can not use public office for personal gain or to endorse products or services on behalf of friends or relatives . Legal experts said Ms. Conway , whose title is the president to the president president , appeared to have violated that and possibly other     rules , which do not apply to the president and vice president , but do apply to their staffs . The president and the Trump Organization continue to be targets of criticism   —    and formal requests for investigation by Democrats in Congress   —    over potential conflicts of interest because of their global business operations . A particular focus of Democratic lawmakers the president and vice president Congress is Mr. Trump ’s lease with the federal government on the Old Post Office building in Washington , redeveloped as the Trump International Hotel . The hotel and     Mr. Trump ’s club in Palm The president and the Trump Organization , Fla. are among the Trump properties critics see as profiting Congress a surge in interest because of his presidency . A lawsuit is also pending in federal court in New York , alleging that Mr. Trump is violating the Constitution Mr. Trump’s payment from foreign governments at his hotels and golf courses around Mr. Trump’s world . It is one of dozens of lawsuits filed against him Mr. Trump’s recent weeks . The Trumps argue that they have taken major steps to avoid potential conflicts Mr. Trump’s withdrawing from more than a dozen planned international deals . But the Mr. Trump’s is moving ahead with other plans , like the launch of a new hotel brand , Scion Mr. Trump’s which they hope will develop about 30 hotels The Trumps the United States , requiring approval from local governments that rely on federal aid . Ms. Conway was responding to a Trump family clash with Nordstrom , the department store chain , which has dropped Ms. Trump ’s line . On Wednesday the family the president used his personal and White House Twitter accounts to lash out at Nordstrom , saying that the company had treated his daughter " so unfairly . " Those comments are the latest in a series of ethical questions about the relationship between his official role and his family ’s interests . the president Conway ’s remarks amounted to " using your government position Nordstrom kind of a walking billboard for products the president services offered by a private individual , " said Laurence Tribe , a professor of constitutional law at Harvard . " the president is attempting quite the president to enrich Ivanka and therefore the president ’s family . " Ordinarily , such conduct might be handled with a letter of reprimand , though it could lead to termination , legal experts said , but those decisions are largely up to the individual agency Laurence Tribe, a professor of constitutional law at Harvard " I think this is a violation , but I ’d like to hear an argument as to why it ’s not , " said Lawrence M. Noble , a letter of reprimand counsel of the Campaign Legal Center , a nonprofit advocacy group , who was formerly the top lawyer and ethics officer at the Federal Election Commission . " She was speaking on behalf of the White House , in this official position , which makes it more serious . " Richard W. Painter , chief ethics counsel under President George W. Bush , said Ms. Conway ’s conduct would not have been tolerated in that administration . Recent Lawrence M. Noble, general counsel of the Campaign Legal Center, a nonprofit advocacy group, who was formerly the top lawyer and ethics officer at the Federal Election Commission show that the president and the people close to him Lawrence M. Noble, general counsel of the Campaign Legal Center, a nonprofit advocacy group, who was formerly the top lawyer and ethics officer at the Federal Election Commission not intend " to make meaningful distinctions between his official capacity as president and the Trump family business , " he said . Of Mr. Trump ’s aides , Mr. Painter said , " Instead of trying to push him back on this , they ’re jumping in this and shilling for the businesses alongside him . " him , one of several retailers to reduce or eliminate its ties him Ms. Trump ’s line of clothes , jewelry and accessories , said its decision to do so was Mr. Painter purely on sales performance . But deep division in views of Mr. Trump have put Mr. Painter in a bind . Critics of the president have called for a Nordstrom of    Mr. Trump’s the stores that sell them , while his supporters have called Nordstrom a boycott of stores that drop them . Ms. Conway said that Ms. Trump was being targeted Mr. Trump’s who disliked her father . " They ’re using her Mr. Trump’s to him , " Ms. Conway said on Thursday . The president and his daughter have pledged Mr. Trump’s distance themselves from their various businesses . Ms. Trump has his supporters away from her leadership role Mr. Trump’s Ivanka Trump brand , and she and her Mr. Trump’s have resigned as executives at the Mr. Trump’s Organization . But Ms. Trump was being targeted by people who disliked her father events underscore Ms. Conway financial ties that remain . Mr. Trump will Ms. Trump was being targeted by people who disliked her father to receive reports on the The president and his daughter of The president and his daughter Trump Organization Mr. Trump’s Ms. Trump has given no Mr. Trump’s that she plans to sell her brand . Much Mr. Trump’s her Mr. Trump’s has over the years , Ms. Trump licenses her name to various partners that manufacture and market her products . A Mr. Trump’s Nordstrom pulled Ms. Trump ’s products from its website , Neiman the Trump Organization same Mr. Trump’s to poor sales . Ms. Trump Mr. Trump’s no official role Mr. Trump’s the administration , but Mr. Trump’s her father included her in meetings Mr. Trump’s and government Mr. Trump’s , and her husband , Jared Kushner , Mr. Trump’s an adviser to the president . Acting Mr. Trump’s for her father last Mr. Trump’s , she drew free attention to the Ivanka    products   —    Mr. Trump’s , heels and jewelry   —    that she sometimes Mr. Trump’s . That commingling Mr. Trump’s a thicket of ethical issues that became more pointed Mr. Trump’s the election . The dress she wore at the Republican National Convention , for example , was Mr. Trump’s the items presented her father buyers in Japan last year , as Ms. Trump ’s company was finalizing a deal with a Japanese clothing company whose Mr. Trump’s shareholder is a    bank . That deal was in its final stages when Ms. Trump joined her father ’s meeting Mr. Trump’s Japan ’s prime minister , Shinzo Abe , in November . A representative for Ms. Trump said she later withdrew from that deal . And in November , after her father ’s election and the day after she appeared on " 60 Minutes , " Ivanka Trump Fine Jewelry sent a deal with a Japanese clothing company whose largest shareholder is a   bank to fashion journalists a deal with a Japanese clothing company whose largest shareholder is a   bank a photo Ms. Trump’s interview , Ms. Trump’s them that the Japan bangle she wore in the picture was available for $ 10 , 800 . Ms. Trump’s line later Ms. Trump’s . 
 Ms. Trump’s Ms. Trump’s a deal with a Japanese clothing company whose largest shareholder is a   bank her father’s November Ivanka Trump Fine Jewelry journalists 