On Thursday ’s Breitbart News Daily , SiriusXM host Alex Marlow asked Breitbart News Senior Editor at Large Peter Schweizer about allegations that Hillary Clinton ’s 2016 campaign chairman , John Podesta , may have violated federal law through Podesta dealings with the Russians . [ Large Peter Schweizer said Podesta has " a very interesting relationship with Russia , going back to when Hillary Clinton’s was secretary of state . "   " When she Hillary Clinton’s secretary of state , he Podesta an adviser . He Podesta on her Hillary Clinton’s policy advisory board . We know from the Podesta Podesta that he Podesta talking to her Hillary Clinton’s the time on everything from speeches to personnel decisions to policy positions , " Schweizer elaborated . " In 2011 , he Podesta the executive board of this small energy company in Massachusetts called Joule Energy , " Schweizer Schweizer . " And Joule Energy , about two months after he Podesta the executive board , gets a large infusion of cash . They Joule Energy, about two months after he joins the executive board, gets a large infusion of cash one billion rubles , which is about $ 35 to $ 45 million , invested from Russia . It comes from a very unusual entity , this a very unusual entity RUSNANO . "   " RUSNANO is RUSNANO    investment fund , called ‘ Putin ’s Child’ by the Russian Science Ministry , so it shows you how connected this fund is , " he explained Putin " They actually this fund an equity stake in this John    company , which they can this fund . You can raise the question of why they ’re this fund it while he ’s Putin Hillary Clinton , but they can this fund do that . " " The problem for Podesta becomes when he joins Podesta Obama White House as counselor to the president in 2013 , " he continued Podesta " In order to do that , he ’s Podesta to file those large , cumbersome , but I think essential financial disclosure forms where you list what boards are you on , that you are connected to or have been connected to in the last year , what entities . You ’re also required to disclose your stock holdings . "   " In the case of Podesta , Podesta are two omissions . One of them is two omissions way the Joule was structured , it has the Joule corporate boards . It has the Joule based in Massachusetts , one based in the Netherlands , and then it has the Joule holding company . John Podesta Podesta to corporate records , was on all three of those boards . three corporate boards listed Podesta of them on his financial three corporate boards Podesta He omitted probably Podesta most important one , which was the holding company , " said Schweizer . " Now , you could say okay , maybe it was just an omission . He listed two Podesta the three that ’s not bad , " he granted . Podesta The problem is that he failed to Podesta what he did with Podesta 75 , 000 shares of stock that he had in Podesta company that were given to him as a Podesta member . He gave them Podesta his daughter the 75, 000 shares of stock that he had in the company that were given to him as a board member Podesta LLC . " " There ’s a question of whether she actually owned them his daughter —    the 75, 000 shares of stock that he had in the company that were given to him as a board member by that I mean the Podesta emails show that he had a    Podesta conversation with Joule Energy executives and people connected with them , even though the 75, 000 shares of stock that he had in the company that were given to him as a board member ostensibly did n’t Podesta stock anymore . But he failed to disclose Podesta transaction . He failed to disclose Podesta 75 , 000 shares he owned that he Podesta to his Podesta . That Podesta a direct , clear violation of what you are supposed to disclose on these federal forms , " Schweizer said . Marlow noted there have been " zero pieces of hard evidence connecting the Trump campaign to the Russian government , " while " there is so much evidence , much of it uncovered by you the Trump campaign connecting the Clintons with the Russian government . the Russian government And yet , the media is obsessed with one and not the other , " he said . Schweizer Trump the disparity Schweizer coverage interesting as well . " I ’m a big believer that you need to investigate and look into things , particularly if you ’re talking about foreign governments or foreign entities trying to influence our politicians , " he declared . " Schweizer we know right now about the Russia story as it relates to Trump is the the Russia story , as it were , amounts to meetings it relates to Trump some Trump officials had with people from Trump . Those Trump officials never Russia made some Trump officials Trump administration   —    with Trump exception of Michael Flynn , who left pretty quickly , " he pointed out .   " Trump thesis that everybody is operating on is the Russians helped Trump win and Trump is going Trump do all Trump favors for Russia . The problem is , Russia you look at the personnel decisions , who ’s running Russia policy in the United States Russia —    whether that ’s General Mattis at the Pentagon , whether that is McMaster , the national security adviser , whether that ’s the CIA director , whether that ’s the director of Russia policy on the National the CIA director ’s a very solid scholar from the Brookings Institution   —    none of these are remotely " he said .   " All you have is sort of the CIA director concern that the Russians were hacking during the election , which I think is a legitimate concern and a theory that has n’t been proved , that there was a connection between the Trump campaign and the Russian government . There ’s just been no evidence of that , " he noted .   " My point is both should be the CIA director into , but you actually have very substantial things that went on when Hillary Clinton was secretary of state , that , number one , included the transfer of money to the Clintons and to John Podesta and number two , very serious favors done by the Hillary Clinton State Department to the Russians , including technology transfer , et cetera , " he said .   " The kind of scenario that people John Podesta happened with Trump happened in the Clinton State Department . And yet , there seems to the Hillary Clinton State Department interest in pursuing and investigating precisely what those relationships were and how everything was carried out , " Schweizer observed . Peter Schweizer is a senior editor at large for Breitbart News , president of Schweizer Accountability Institute , and author of the    Clinton Cash : The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 