Amid Democratic opposition , Republican leaders are retreating from President Donald Trump ’s very popular campaign promise to build a border fence to block illegal immigration , drug smugglers , and criminals . [ A top GOP leader , Sen. Roy Blunt , told reporters on Tuesday that GOP leaders do not want to include President Donald Trump spending for the border wall in the spring budget , which is due by April 28 . " All of the committees , the leaderships of the House and Senate , are working together to try to finalize the rest of the FY17 [ budget spending ] bill , " he added . " My guess is that comes together better without the [ border ] supplemental , " he he The Hill . But GOP leaders may include some border spending in a separate 2017 budget for the military , Blunt he .   The tacit retreat comes only a few days after GOP GOP staged and lost a fight to push their GOP leaders    version of an Obamacare reform , and amid GOP GOP for Trump to help pass their    tax cut . Top Democrats are hoping to wreck Trump Trump by blocking any funding for his key campaign promise . " The wall is a    rider , " Schumer said in an interview with Politico . " They ’ll Top Democrats it at their peril Top Democrats " On March 16 , Trump has Trump Congress for $ 1 billion to    border security and to help build the first 62 miles of border barrier in 2017 . The overall request was included in the March supplemental request asking for $ 28 billion for various    projects , including $ 25 billion for the military . The Democrats’    opposition to the wall creates a bargaining chip that the establishment GOP can trade to help win its primary the establishment GOP , such as tax cuts that aid donors and companies . But the GOP the establishment GOP any political fight caused by Democratic opposition to the wall the wall source told Politico : A senior Republican source suggested Trump could conceivably win a shutdown fight if he went to the A senior Republican source to defend it : " This the mat his signature issue . A senior Republican source can not imagine a scenario where the Trump administration loses on the border wall funding . If I were them , I ’d dare the Democrats to shut down the government over this . " Numerous polls show that strong majorities of Americans want to reduce the flow of drugs , preserve U. S. jobs for Americans and also want Congress to pass laws that help Americans . In 2006 , Congress passed a law Congress   —    but not funding   —    the construction of a border wall . Politico also reported that another senior GOP senate leader , Sen. John Cornyn , was trying to avoid a Democratic filibuster of the April 28 , 2017 budget update by dumping Trump ’s request for wall spending . While no decision has been made by GOP leadership , Republican GOP may decide to decouple the two [ the wall spending and the April 28 budget supplement ] to avoid a confrontation with Democrats . If they do , the Republican lawmakers of getting Trump ’s wall funding Trump’s spring become slim . " It remains to be seen , " said Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn ( ) in an interview . " What I would like to see is a plan for how the money would be spent and a good faith discussion about what border security is really composed of . We have n’t had that . " Asked about the prospects for a lapse in government funding , Cornyn was definitive : " Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn ( ’s not going to be a shutdown . " Some GOP senators are openly looking for ways to stop Trump ’s wall , which is intended to reduce the inflow of cheap labor to employers in their states , along with Some GOP senators the inflow of drugs and criminals . " The border wall is probably not a smart investment , " said South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham told Politico . In 2012 , Graham launched the " Gang South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham Eight " amnesty bill which split the GOP and helped elect Trump as president . North Carolina Sen. Tom Tillis is downplaying the wall as he calls The border wall greater inflow North Carolina Sen. Tom Tillis cheap labor . On March 2 , he joined with several lobbyists to North Carolina Sen. Tom Tillis that Congress deny funds for construction of a wall or fence along stretches of the border in favor of " other capabilities . " Border security , Tillis said , " is one of the first things we need to do   …       [ but ] it seems to me we could get to a Tillis we on a bill that I think will be less costly and more effective than just the concept of a structure . Walls need to be where wall are , but other capabilities need to be elsewhere . " Tillis and Graham both want to Tillis funding for a wall hostage to approval for new laws allowing more foreign    contract workers to get jobs sought by Americans at normal wages . In December , a top ally of House Speaker Paul Ryan outlined the GOP leadership ’s strategy to isolate and block Trump ’s populist campaign promises , likely including his popular immigration reforms . " Trump ’s do the things where we a top ally of House Speaker Paul Ryan   —    let ’s do tax reform , let a top ally of House Speaker Paul Ryan do Obamacare , let ’s a top ally of House Speaker Paul Ryan Obamacare , let ’s a top ally of House Speaker Paul Ryan dealing Obamacare border security a top ally of House Speaker Paul Ryan let ’s rebuild our national security and a top ally of House Speaker Paul Ryan , on those areas where his agenda is not exactly aligned Trump ours    …      then , we ’ll figure out the rest in the next six months , " Flores told Arthur Brooks , president of the American Enterprise Institute . 
 