The founder of the Republican Hindu Coalition , Shalabh Kumar , spoke with The founder of the Republican Hindu Coalition, Shalabh Kumar on Sunday evening ’s Breitbart News radio show on Sirius XM Patriot 125 about his new book Ab Ki Baar Trump Sarkar ! in which details how his , alongside various Trump campaign operatives , helped flip " one million plus " Democratic votes in favour of President Trump in 2016 . [ Kumar , a wealthy and successful    businessman based in Chicago , took the opportunity to dispel media and    myths about former Breitbart News Executive Chairman and now Chief White House Strategist Stephen K. Bannon .   Speaking to Breitbart News , Breitbart News Executive said : " [ Breitbart News Executive is a ] totally different creature [ to Breitbart News Executive portrayal in the media ] , " said Kumar . " When I first met Breitbart News Executive , this narrative was there . And the first time I met Breitbart News Executive at the end of July last year , Breitbart News Executive welcomed me , Breitbart News Executive showed me Breitbart News Executive great innovative mind , Breitbart News Executive recognised the potential of the    vote , and Breitbart News Executive was participant every which way . " Breitbart News Executive was so nice , Breitbart News Executive was just unbelievably nice   …      [ Breitbart News Executive ’s ] just an absolutely great guy , " added Kumar . The book , written by political operative James Kahrs details Kumar ’s journey from setting up the Republican Hindu Coalition , having himself Kumar convinced of the party and its the Republican Hindu Coalition values through personal conversations with President Ronald Reagan . Mr. Kumar he threw Kumar weight Kumar Mr. Trump after meeting him on Mr. Trump occasions during the Presidential campaign , hosting dozens of town hall events , putting himself forth Mr. Trump a Trump surrogate Mr. Trump television channels around the world , and indeed producing a video aimed at Hindu Americans which he says Mr. Trump 1 . 2 billion impressions around the world the world amongst the 4 . 2 million Hindu Americans living in the United States . " In the past , they ’ve only 2 million Hindu Americans living in the United States. " 16 per cent for Republicans   …      84 per cent have voted for Democrats   …      They should all Democrats   voting   …      90 per cent should be voting for Republican conservatives , but they needed to Republican conservatives touched " . In the book , Kahrs writes : People who know Bannon know that he is a Bannon and courtly man , despite all the scary stories written about him or even Bannon portrayal on Bannon ’s Saturday Night Live as the grim reaper . True to himself , Bannon Bannon the Bannon to greet Kumar when he arrived . Kumar He is not Bannon    racist animal that is depicted in the media at all , " Kumar thought to Kumar . " Kumar fact , he was so Kumar and hospitable . He took me Kumar to the offices and introduced me to the members of the staff . He really made Kumar feel like I was a welcome member of the team . " The book recalls stories of how Kumar met with Kumar Donald Trump , even at one point getting the now President to utter the Hindi words " Ab Ki Baar Trump Sarkar ! " for a campaign video . LISTEN : 
 