CNN senior White House correspondent Jim Acosta tweeted a false report that said President Donald Trump did not visit with House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( ) in the hospital after Wednesday ’s shooting , fueling fake news allegations . [ After reports confirmed the news that President Donald Trump had visited Scalise at MedStar Washington Hospital Center on Wednesday evening , Jim Acosta tweeted the exact opposite per a White official , " WH official on hospital visit : " President President Donald Trump not meet with Scalise and Scalise not go into the room where Scalise is Scalise treated . "   Jim Acosta quickly deleted Jim Acosta original Tweet but not before it was his original Tweet by several Twitter users many of them accusing several Twitter users CNN reporter of spreading fake news . Fake news @CNN reporter , @Acosta tweets a complete lie    @POTUS that gets almost 1200 more RT ’s than the correction . # ScaliseShooting pic . twitter .    —    No One 🇺 🇸 ( @tweettruth2me ) June 15 , 2017 ,   Jim Acosta . CNN you people are truely FAKENEWS   first you tweet President Trump did not go to see Rep Sclease and then you re make a tweet ,   —    michelle ( @mibashful ) June 16 , 2017 ,   CNN should CNN you for reporting fake news . A regular person gets fired if they mess up at the level that you did .   —    Ross Johansen ( @rossjohansen ) June 15 , 2017 ,   CNN and CNN Acosta are Very Fake News ! 👎 🏻   —    Paula Ikerd ( @IkerdPaula ) June 16 , 2017 ,   The never ending joke known as @CNN   …      # FakeNews # KneepadJournalism # AcostaStooge pic . twitter .    —    James Woods ( @RealJamesWoods ) June 15 , 2017 ,   Acosta tweeted a White House Press Corps email , where he says he based he original he on . Here ’s a screen grab of the TV pool report that incorrectly stated that POTUS did not see Scalise at the hospital . WH later said POTUS did POTUS pic . twitter .    —    Jim Acosta ( @Acosta ) June 15 , 2017 ,   But social media users were , again , quick to point out that Acosta had originally based his report Acosta word from a White House official and not a TV pool report . Stop making excuses ! You had wrong info . Delete the original tweet and stop trying to justify the error ! This is why I do n’t follow you .   —    Jen Smith ( @JenSmith230 ) June 15 , 2017 ,   Your original tweet said " WH official " . It did Your original tweet reference WH pool WH But once caught out , oh , well , it ’s Your original tweet pool WH pool . pic . twitter .    —    Jeff Dobbs ( @jeffdobbs ) June 15 , 2017 ,   The entire episode dredged up memories of a February exchange between Acosta and Trump that saw the president changing President Trump description of President Trump from " fake news " to " very fake news . " " Real news , Mr. President , real news , " Acosta replied . Acosta , President Trump did visit at his hospital bedside , President Trump he and three others President Trump shot Wednesday morning practice for the annual Congressional Baseball Game . Scalise ’s Capitol Hill Police officer detail shot the attacker James T. Hodgkinson , who later died of his injuries . The President Trump , who has undergone three   surgeries , remains in critical condition . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 