Angelina Jolie defended internationalism and the United Nations in a lengthy speech Wednesday at the United Nations headquarters in Geneva , where the actress and humanitarian warned of a " rising tide of nationalism " in the West " masquerading as patriotism . " [ In a nearly 20    speech , Angelina Jolie —    who serves as a U. N. Special Envoy   —    honored the life of the late UN the United Nations Sergio Vieira de Mello , who was killed in Iraq in 2003 , and praised the United Nations as a vital forum where countries could come together to seek peace and unity .   But Jolie Angelina Jolie sounded a warning note , saying that as an American citizen , she Angelina Jolie a global environment " more troubling and uncertain " than at any time in her Angelina Jolie . " We are grappling with a level of conflict and insecurity that seems to exceed our We and capabilities , " Jolie Angelina Jolie , " with more refugees than ever before , and new wars erupting on top of existing conflicts , some already lasting decades . " " We see a rising tide of nationalism , masquerading as patriotism , and the    of policies encouraging fear and hatred of others , " she Angelina Jolie .   The Angelina Jolie appeared to criticize President Donald Trump without mentioning his name President Donald Trump referring to leaders who talk " as if some of our proudest achievements are in fact our biggest our   —    whether it is the tradition of successfully integrating refugees into our societies , or the institutions and treaties we have built rooted in laws and human rights . " Describing herself as Jolie " proud American " and an " internationalist , " Jolie called for reform at the United Nations so as not to " bequeath a darker and more unstable world to all those who come after us . " " The challenge is how to restore that sense of balance and hopefulness in our countries , while not sacrificing all we have learnt about the value and necessity of internationalism , " Jolie said Jolie " Because a world in which we turn our back we our global we will be a world that produces greater insecurity , violence and danger for us and we our children we " Read the full transcript of Jolie ’s Jolie here .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 