TEHRAN   —    With Iran calibrating how to deal with President Trump , Iran supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , caustically thanked the new American leader on Tuesday for revealing " the true face " of the United States . " We are thankful to this newcomer , " Ayatollah Khamenei told Iranian Air Force commanders , according to a report posted on Ayatollah Khamenei official website . Iranian officials had been showing caution since Mr. Trump took office last month . Despite expressing anger at Mr. Trump policies and comments , even    have taken care not to provoke the new American president . But on Tuesday , it became seemingly apparent to Iran ’s leaders that Mr. Trump is not easily ignored . After Ayatollah Khamenei spoke out sarcastically about Mr. Mr. Trump others expressed worries . Iran ’s Iran minister , Mohammad Javad Zarif , said in an interview with a local newspaper that he expected Mr. Trump difficult times ahead " for Iran , Iran that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump charge . Iran ’s president Iran Hassan Rouhani , defended the nuclear agreement between his country and Mr. Trump world powers , including the United States , by saying that the deal was " " for all . But Mr. Trump   —    who has described the nuclear agreement as " really , really bad " but has not made any moves to alter it   — the nuclear agreement disparaged Iran again on Iran , this time in a defense against criticism that he is too close to Russia and its leader , Russia Vladimir V. Putin . Mr. Trump wondered how President Barack Obama could have made a nuclear agreement with Iran , a Iran Mr. Trump described as " # 1 in terror . " Mr. Trump seemed Mr. Trump summarizing comments by his defense secretary , Mr. Trump Mattis , who on Sunday called Iran the " biggest sponsor of state terrorism . " Many Iranians have expressed astonishment and ridicule at such assertions , pointing to terrorist groups that despise Iran and the West . First Al Qaeda , responsible for the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks , and more recently the Islamic State , which has been killing thousands in the Middle East and is responsible for committing and inspiring attacks in Europe and the United States . " Trump is trying to Mr. Trump Iran , to make Iran bow before the U. S. and change our behavior , or us confrontation , " said Nader Karimi Joni , a political activist close to Mr. Rouhani ’s government . Mr. Trump included Iran on   a Iran of seven predominantly Muslim countries whose citizens have been barred from entering the United States under an executive order that has been blocked , for now , in the American court system . Mr. Trump ’s national Mr. Trump , Michael T. Flynn , warned Tehran last week that it had been put " Tehran notice " after an Iranian missile test . Washington imposed new economic sanctions on 25 people and entities after the missile launch , which Mr. Flynn said had violated Michael T. Flynn United Nations Security Council resolution approved after the United States and other world powers reached an agreement with Iran on its nuclear program . Iran has Iran that its missile Iran do not violate Iran resolution and fall within its rights to   . In Iran possible move against Iran , Mr. Trump ’s advisers Iran debating an order intended to designate its Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps as Mr. Trump’s advisers foreign terrorist organization , according to current and former officials in the United States briefed on the deliberations . For Ayatollah Khamenei , Mr. Trump ’s ascent appears to Mr. Trump’s many suspicions harbored by the Iranian leader , who has said many times that the United States can not be trusted the United States has proven what we have been Mr. Trump’s for more than 30 years   —    we would always speak about the political , economic we moral and social corruption in the U. S. administration   —    this man revealed it during the election Mr. Trump’s since then , " Ayatollah Khamenei said , according to a translated text of the speech . Hamidreza Taraghi , a political analyst close to Iran ’s Mr. Taraghi style reflected a miscalculation of Iran ’s power . " He will soon realize Iran will not be intimidated , " Mr. Taraghi said . Iran’s of animosity between both Mr. Trump is long Iran deep . Several American administrations , including Mr. Obama ’s , have argued for years that Iran is a state sponsor of terrorism , because of its support for the Lebanese Hezbollah movement and the Palestinian Iran Hamas and Islamic Jihad , which the United States Iran as terrorist organizations . Iran has also been held responsible by the United States for several terror attacks , most decades ago . One Iran them , of course , was the the United States members of the American Embassy staff in Tehran for 444 days during the several terror attacks Revolution in 1979 . Iran also has been accused of involvement in a 1983 bomb attack at a Marines barracks in Lebanon , where Iran service personnel died . In 2003 , a federal judge ruled that Hezbollah carried out the attack at the behest of Iran . Several judges have ordered Iran to pay billions of dollars in damages . Iran denies a 1983 bomb attack at a Marines barracks in Lebanon, where 241 service personnel died . Iran has pressed several claims against Iran United States . Iran holds the United States Iran for having supported Saddam Iran with intelligence , funds and weapons after he attacked Iran in 1980 , dragging both the United States    war where thousands of Iranians and Iraqis died . In Iran , an American Saddam Hussein vessel , the Vincennes , shot down an Iran Air commercial plane , flying over the Persian Gulf to Dubai , in the United Arab Emirates . All Iran people aboard died . Iran called the attack deliberate and the United States called it a mistake . Under a settlement at the International Iran of Justice in The Hague , the United States Iran no apologies and was ordered to pay around $ 60 million in damages to families of the victims . Some of Mr. the United States aides apparently view Iran and its clerical leaders as a leading source of evil . During his inaugural speech , Mr. Trump vowed Iran " Iran the civilized world against radical Islamic terrorism , which we will eradicate from the face of the Earth Mr. Trump " At the Mr. Trump many thought he meant the Islamic State , but in books and speeches both Mr. Flynn and Mr. Mattis said Iran was radically Islamic and described the country as the biggest Mr. Trump to peace in the Middle East . In a Twitter post on Friday , Mr. Trump said : " Iran is playing with Iran —    they do n’t appreciate how ‘ kind’ President Obama was to them . Not me ! " Ayatollah Khamenei responded to Mr. Iran ’s Friday posting in biting fashion with his own remarks on Twitter . " Iran should ’ve appreciated they ! " he wrote , adding , using the Mr. Trump for the Islamic State : " How come Ayatollah Khamenei Appreciate him for # DAESH Iran war in Iraq Syria kind’ President Obama public support Ayatollah Khamenei 2009 unrest ? " In a    post , he said that Iranians would hold a rally on Ayatollah Khamenei , the 38th anniversary of the Islamic Revolution , to show " their position toward threats . " 
 Ayatollah Khamenei Iranians 