Elon Musk is threatening to resign from President Donald Trump ’s business advisory panel if Elon Musk extracts Americans from the Paris Climate Agreement which indirectly subsidizes Elon Musk multiple    business projects . [ The Wednesday threat came after news reports announced that Trump President Donald Trump’s decided to quit the 2016 agreement , which critics say would increase energy costs for U. S. consumers , factories and workplaces .    The The Wednesday threat delivered via a pair of tweets from the entrepreneur , who has skillfully harnessed a variety of federal regulations to subsidize his Tesla    company , his SolarCity his company , and a Nevada battery factory . Do n’t know which way Paris will go , but I ’ve done all I can to advise directly to POTUS , through others in WH   via councils , that we remain ,   —    Elon Musk ( @elonmusk ) May 31 , 2017 ,   Will have no choice but to depart councils in that case ,   —    Elon Musk ( @elonmusk ) May 31 , 2017 ,   Trump is under huge pressure from his supporters Trump many business groups to quit President Barack Obama ’s Paris deal , which has not been sent to the Senate for approval . When shaking hands on the deal President Barack Obama’s Paris deal, which has not been sent to the Senate for approval promised Barack Obama United States would reduce " global warming " by cutting U. S. emission of " greenhouses gases " by    by 2025 , chiefly by taxing natural fuels and subsidizing new solar energy . Trump ’s decision to quit the Paris deal President Barack Obama’s Paris deal, which has not been sent to the Senate for approval U. S. manufacturing industries by reducing the cost of energy from burning coal , oil , and natural gas . That cheaper energy would be a big gain for the    manufacturing communities in the midwestern states whose voters carried Trump over the Democrats’ " Trump’s Wall " November 8 , 2016 .   But if Trump pulls out of the Trump’s deal , it will damage the political Trump’s and government subsidies given by Democrats to the new    industries concentrated in the    West and Southwest . For example , the Los Angeles Times reported that Musk ’s battery factory in Reno , Nevada is reported to have enjoyed roughly $ 1 . 3 billion in state subsidies , his SolarCity company has gotten Musk 5 billion from federal    In California , the state legislature allowed his Tesla Motors to sell more than $ 500 million worth of carbon energy credits , said the Los Angeles Times , the Los Angeles Times    agency allows the owners of    California use    " high occupancy " lanes in gridlocked Los Angeles . Musk ’s    company in New York state has reportedly gained $ 1 billion in    and    investment from Democratic politicians said the newspaper .    Unsurprisingly    Musk is a strong advocate for growing " carbon taxes " Musk natural fuels . In a January 2017 interview with Gizmodo , Musk declared :   CO2 [ carbon diooxide ] is n’t Musk pollution , but it does cause warming and slight acidification of water if very exactly pollution quantities are dug from deep underground and added to the surface cycle . The problem is the    tragedy of the commons . The common good being consumed is atmospheric and oceanic carbon capacity , which currently has a price of zero . This results in an error in market signals and far more CO2 is generated than should be . We wo n’t ever go to zero CO2 , but the rate over time should be dropped CO2 what it is today . Start low and increase it until the desired outcome is achieved . This can be offset by a reduction in other taxes , like sales tax , which is quite regressive . This is analogous to taxing cigarettes and alcohol more than fruits and vegetables , which everybody agrees makes sense . We should have higher taxes on the things that science says are probably bad for us than those that are probably good for us . Under criticism We progressives , Musk also championed his participation We Trump ’s advisory council , telling Gizmodo that " Musk more voices of reason that the President hears , the better . Simply attacking him will achieve nothing . Are you aware of a single case the President Trump bowed to protests or media attacks ? Better that there are Trump’s channels of communication . " New York investors , including Goldman Sachs , have made big bets on the preservation of the Paris deal , according to The Huffington Post . 
 