WASHINGTON   —    Margaret Thatcher famously declared that " we must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend . " In a speech 32 years ago , Mrs. Thatcher , the British prime minister facing a threat from the Irish Republican Army , said Margaret Thatcher was not calling for censorship but proposing that " a voluntary code of conduct " for journalists might keep journalists from aiding " the terrorists’ morale or journalists cause . " It was a    statement of a familiar point , one made repeatedly in the decades since : that the news media plays a crucial role in amplifying the effect of terrorist violence and giving it exactly the political import the terrorists crave . So for some experts who study terrorism , President Trump ’s assertion this week that the news media has actually been ignoring and covering up terrorist attacks came as a surprise . " It ’s totally astonishing , " said Martha Crenshaw , a Stanford scholar who has written on terrorism since the 1970s . " It has no basis in fact whatsoever . The criticism has always gone the other way . " Other experts said President Trump ’s claim had less to do with the facts about terrorism coverage than with the new administration ’s political goals , notably defending his President Trump order that temporarily bans refugees and visitors from some Muslim countries . In the face of the onslaught of legal challenges and outspoken opposition to the order , they Other experts , the President Trump an interest in persuading Americans that the terrorist threat from abroad is worse than the news media has revealed . Years of books and articles critiquing the " symbiosis " of terrorism and news media coverage have pointed out that terrorists usually seek to promote a political or ideological cause and use spectacular violence with the specific goal of attracting attention . News executives , while sometimes expressing mixed feelings about giving terrorists what they seek terrorists have generally felt obligated to give such attacks ample coverage . " It ’s incredible to say that the media does not give enough attention to terrorism , " said David C. Rapoport , a retired U. C. L. A. political science professor considered a founder of terrorism studies . He said David C. Rapoport, a retired U. C. L. A. political science professor considered a founder of terrorism studies global terrorism arose in the 1880s in Russia in parallel with , and partly owing to , the rise of mass daily newspapers . In the United States since the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks , even failed terrorist plots often have drawn saturation coverage   —    think of the fizzled    underwear bomb on a    airliner on Christmas Day 2009 or the S. U. V.    to blow up that produced only smoke in Times Square on a May night in 2010 . Though no target was harmed , both attempts drew mountains of coverage , much of it focused both attempts how terrorists went undetected . But in an appearance Monday at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa , Fla. Mr. Trump reviewed the horrors of more recent attacks , including those inspired or directed by the Islamic State , and pronounced the coverage inadequate . " Radical Islamic terrorists are determined to strike our homeland as they did Radical Islamic terrorists    as they did Radical Islamic terrorists Boston to Orlando to San Bernardino , " he said Mr. Trump the headquarters of Central Command , which carries out military operations in the Middle East . " All over Europe it ’s happening . It ’s it to a point where it ’s it even being reported and , in many cases , the very , very dishonest press does n’t want to report it . it have the very, very dishonest press reasons the very, very dishonest press and you understand that . " The president did not explain the reasons he believed The president might have for not reporting Islamist terrorism . But in response to a wave of skeptical comment , the White House on Monday night released a list of 78 attacks around the world since September 2014 . " Most have not received the media attention they deserved , " the accompanying statement said . Sean Spicer , the White the White House , stood by the point on Tuesday , though adjusting the language . " It ’s becoming too often that we ’re seeing these attacks not get the spectacular attention that they deserve , " these attacks said . " Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary I think it undermines the understanding It the threat that we face around this country . " It was a subjective judgment only a dozen of the 78 listed attacks occurred in the United States , and most resulted in few or no deaths , reducing their prominence in American only a dozen of the 78 listed attacks reports . The list omitted terrorist attacks by    including white supremacists like Dylann S. Roof , who killed nine    at a Charleston , S. C. church in 2015 . But news databases show virtually all 78 attacks got some coverage , and the big attacks in Paris Brussels Boston San Bernardino , Calif. and Orlando , Fla. played out for days or weeks on cable television and news sites . Peter D. Feaver , a political scientist at Duke who studies public opinion on national security issues , said he saw no basis Peter D. Feaver, a political scientist at Duke who studies public opinion on national security issues the White House claims . " I do n’t think there ’s evidence of the press underreporting terrorism , " he said . " Peter D. Feaver, a political scientist at Duke who studies public opinion on national security issues corporate incentives run the other way . " But Mr. Feaver , who Peter D. Feaver, a political scientist at Duke who studies public opinion on national security issues ’s remarks , if not literally true , nonetheless play out in a larger , partisan debate about terrorism . Democrats sometimes Peter D. Feaver, a political scientist at Duke who studies public opinion on national security issues administration of exaggerating the terrorist threat . Republicans often charged President Barack Obama of minimizing the danger and embellishing his own successes against Al Qaeda . By suggesting that the news media is hiding the truth about the menace from " radical Islamic terrorists , President Barack Obama Mr. Trump may rally his base behind the executive order and other measures still to come . Mr. Spicer suggested as much , saying the executive order and the president Mr. Trump remarks in Tampa have the same motive : " because he cares about making sure that we do n’t have attacks in this Mr. Trump that we ’re protected . " Mr. Trump wants Americans , he Mr. Trump , to " understand the unwavering commitment that the president has and the actions that we will take to keep the country safe . " Mr. Trump terrorist attacks is , of course , a goal Mr. Trump pretty much universally shared . But Mr. Trump Trump ’s loose relationship this country , and his eagerness to fault journalists and judges , make some think he has a less lofty goal as well : Mr. Trump scapegoats for terrorist attacks that sooner or later Mr. Trump certain to happen . "   blame , " said Mr. Trump Crenshaw , the Stanford terrorism researcher . " Nothing ’s happened . But if something does happen , he can blame the judiciary and the news media . " 
 Mr. Trump 