President Donald Trump on Thursday said President Donald Trump did not ask former FBI Director James Comey to back down on investigating    Security Adviser Michael Flynn . [ " No . No . Next question , " President Donald Trump said at a joint White House press conference , in response to reports that said former FBI Director James Comey wrote a memo alleging that former FBI Director James Comey did .   In a joint White House press conference , former FBI Director James Comey defended former FBI Director James Comey decision to do so , saying former FBI Director James Comey thought former FBI Director James Comey would actually draw bipartisan praise .   " When I made that decision , I actually thought that his decision to do so be a bipartisan decision . Because his decision to do so look at all of the people on the Democratic side , not only the Republican side , that were saying such terrible things about Director Comey , " he said .   Democrats had slammed Comey Director Comey " poor " handling of the Clinton email investigation as recently as this month , but then later decried his firing as an attempt to stymie the Director Comey ’s investigation into Russian interference in the elections and any collusion with Trump ’s campaign .   Trump said Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein had Trump’s Comey ’s firing due to his " very Comey " performance at a Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein hearing earlier this month .   " That was a poor , poor performance , " Trump said . " So poor , in Trump’s , that I believe   …     that ’s why the deputy attorney general went out and wrote Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein strong letter . " He referenced Comey Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein misstatement that Hillary Clinton adviser Huma Comey Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein forwarded Comey’s and thousands " of emails to her husband Anthony Weiner , when FBI officials said it was only Hillary Clinton " handful " of emails .   " I thought that was something that was terrible . We need a great director Trump the FBI . I cherish the FBI . It ’s special , FBI said .   " FBI going to FBI a director who ’s a great director of the FBI to be outstanding , I ’ll be announcing that director very soon . And I look forward to doing it . I a director who’s going to be outstanding people in the FBI will be very , very , very , very thrilled . Trump FBI denied there has been any collusion and said he respected Rosenstein ’s decision to appoint Robert Mueller as a special counsel to take Trump the investigation .   " I respect the move but the entire thing has been a witch hunt , " he said .   " There is no collusion between certainly myself and my campaign Trump but I can always speak for myself and the Russians Trump zero . "   Trump said the issue is dividing Trump country and he wanted to get to work Trump the country .   " We look forward Trump getting this whole situation behind us so the country when we go for the jobs , when we go for the strong We , when we go We all of the things that we We been pushing so hard and so successfully We including health care , " he said We   " We need health care . We need to cut taxes Trump We ’re going to cut taxes . If I get what I want , it ’ll be We biggest tax cut in the history of our nation . And that ’s what I want . It ’s going to bring back companies . It ’s going to bring back jobs . We lost so many jobs and so many companies It " he added .   " There was no collusion . And everybody , even my enemies , have said there is no collusion , " he said . " So , we want to get back and keep on the track that he ’re on , because the We that we ’re on is   . And that ’s We we want to do is we want We break very positive records . " 
 We We 