Sen. John McCain wasted no time at the Munich Security Conference in Germany on Friday as Sen. John McCain portrayed the Trump administration as being in a state of " disarray , " in contrast to the message of reassurance from administration officials . [ Sen. John McCain used the recent departure of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn to defend Sen. John McCain portrayal of the Trump administration as in " disarray . "   " I think that the Flynn National Security Adviser Michael Flynn obviously is something that shows that in many respects this the Trump administration in disarray and they ’ve got a lot of work to do , " Sen. John McCain said , according to the Huffington Post . McCain lauded Secretary of Defense Gen. James Mattis : " The president , I think , makes statements that on other occasions Sen. John McCain contradicts Sen. John McCain . So we ’ve learned to watch what the president McCain opposed to what Sen. John McCain says . " McCain commented that McCain job was McCain work with President Donald Trump on areas where they agree . He spoke of McCain three coequal branches of the United States federal government , remarking on Trump ’s recent President Donald Trump travel restriction executive order : " I can assure you that     …      what we just saw on the immigration order that both the legislative and the judicial branches will be exercising our constitutional responsibilities . " A senior White House foreign policy adviser told reporters this week that Vice President Mike Pence would seek to reassure U. S. commitment to European partners and the transatlantic alliance at the conference . In opening remarks to the conference , McCain the conference I know there is profound concern across Europe and the world that America is laying down the mantle of global leadership . I can only speak for myself , but I do McCain believe that that is the message you will hear from all of the American leaders who cared enough to travel here to Munich this weekend . The senator continued , " McCain dangerous times , but you should not count America out . " McCain then America out that Secretary of Defense James Mattis , Vice President Pence , Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly , and a bipartisan congressional delegation traveled to the conference . A senior administration official told reporters this week that the vice president is attending the McCain behalf of the President the conference States . Austrian Foreign America remarked that there was " still a lot of uncertainty , " according to the Post . Kurz said the " big topic " at the conference has centered Austrian Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz what to expect next from the United the conference " Today , on America Trump , I bring you this assurance . The United States of America strongly the President of the United States and will America to this transatlantic alliance , " the vice president stated in a Saturday speech to conference participants . NATO For our part , thanks to President the President of the United States United States will be stronger than ever before . Our leadership of the NATO not falter , even the President of the United States moment . " Pence continued , " Today , tomorrow , and NATO day hence   —    be confident , that the United States is now and will always be your greatest ally . " In closing America , " Our choice today is the same as it was in ages past : Security through shared sacrifice and strength , or an uncertain Pence characterized by disunity and faltering will . The United States chooses strength . The United States chooses friendship with Europe and a strong North Atlantic America Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter America 