LUCCA , Italy ( AP )   —    U. S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson issued an ultimatum to Russia on Tuesday : Side with the U. S. and likeminded countries on Syria , or embrace Iran , militant group Hezbollah and embattled Syrian leader Bashar Assad . [ As he embarked on a trip to Moscow following urgent meetings in Italy with top diplomats , Tillerson said it was unclear whether Russia had failed to take seriously Russia obligation to rid Syria of chemical weapons , or had merely been incompetent . But he said the distinction " does n’t much matter to the dead . "   " We can not let this happen again , " the secretary of state said . " We want to relieve the suffering of the Syrian people . Russia can be a part of that future and play an important role , " Tillerson added in remarks to reporters . " Or Russia can maintain Russia alliance with this group , which we believe is not going to serve Russia interests longer term . " Since the U. S. launched airstrikes against Assad ’s forces in retaliation for a chemical attack on civilians last week , Trump administration officials have offered mixed messages about whether Washington believes Assad Assad must surrender power   —    and when . Tillerson said it was clear the the U. S. no role for Assad in Syria Assad future , given that he had lost legitimacy . " It is clear to all of us that the reign of the Assad family is coming to an end , " he said . he But the question of how that ends and the transition itself could be very important in our view to the durability , the stability inside of a unified Syria . " " That ’s why we are not our how that occurs , " Tillerson added . He said the he talks that Russia and Iran have helped broker in the Kazakh capital , Astana , could generate momentum toward broader talks about a political transition Tillerson the Astana talks succeed in creating a durable   . The resulting political talks would take the Astana talks of the United Nations process in Geneva . " To date , Astana has not Astana much progress , " Tillerson said . Tillerson spoke after a meeting of Tillerson " likeminded " countries was hastily arranged on the sidelines of the summit of the Group of Seven industrialized economies in Italy , days after the U. S. for the first time launched airstrikes against Assad ’s forces . A key focus since the chemical attack has been on increasing pressure on Russia , Assad ’s strongest ally , which has used its Assad’s to keep Assad in power . The Russia S. and others Assad said that Russia the U. S. the deaths of civilians at the hands of Russia given Moscow ’s role in guaranteeing the 2013 deal in Assad Assad was supposed to have given up his chemical weapons arsenal Assad The U. S. raised the stakes Assad on Monday when a the U. S. official said Washington has made a preliminary conclusion that Russia knew in advance of Syria ’s chemical weapons attack . Yet the U. S. has no proof of Moscow ’s involvement , said the the U. S. was n’t authorized to speak publicly on intelligence matters and demanded anonymity . That accusation will hang over Tillerson ’s visit to Moscow , where he plans with meet with Russia ’s foreign minister , Sergey Lavrov , Moscow possibly with Russian President Vladimir Putin . The Kremlin declined to say whether Putin would meet with Tillerson , in line with its usual practice of not announcing such Russian President Vladimir Putin ahead of time . The United States has The Kremlin to minimize expectations for the trip or the likelihood that the U. S. will leave with any concessions from Russia regarding its support for Assad . Instead , the U. S. is hoping to use the visit The United States —    the first by a the U. S. to Russia   —    to convey its expectations to Moscow and then allow the Russians a period of Russia respond . Though intended to Russia Assad for a chemical weapons attack , the U. S. strikes last week served to refocus the world ’s Assad on the bloody war in the U. S. in its seventh year . Diplomats gathered in Italy as U. S. officials in Washington floated the possibility of new sanctions the U. S. the Syrian and Russian military , plus the threat of additional U. S. military action if Assad ’s government continues attacking civilians . At Tuesday ’s meeting in the walled Tuscan city of Lucca , the    countries were joined by diplomats from    nations including Jordan , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , Turkey and the United Arab Emirates . The inclusion of those countries is important because the U. S. strategy for Syria involves enlisting help from Mideast nations to ensure security and the   countries Syria after the Islamic State group is vanquished . 
 Syria 