WASHINGTON   —    Mr. Trump , took a harder line on settlements in an interview published on Friday and indicated that he was rethinking his promise to move the United States Embassy to Jerusalem . Mr. Trump himself an Israeli himself that settlements " do n’t help the process " and that he did not believe that " going forward with these settlements is a good thing for Mr. Trump . " He also did not reaffirm his settlements to move the embassy , saying that it Mr. Trump is not an easy Mr. Trump " and " we the United States Embassy what happens . " The comments amounted to a striking recalibration of Mr. Trump ’s approach to Israel just five days before Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is scheduled to visit the White House . Mr. Trump and Jared Kushner , his     and senior adviser , have been exploring an    peace initiative that would enlist Arab allies Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and a host of Arab leaders have told the new president that provocative    positions would not help . The interview was conducted with Israel Hayom , the newspaper owned by Sheldon Adelson , the casino magnate and close ally of Mr. Netanyahu . Mr. Trump hosted Mr. Adelson and his wife for dinner at the Mr. Trump , along with Mr. Kushner and Secretary of State Rex W. Mr. Trump . The president ’s language in the interview went beyond the carefully written statement issued by the White House last week saying that settlements were not an impediment to peace but they " may not be helpful . the White House was seen as a sign that Mr. Trump wanted Mr. Netanyahu to hold off settlements moves , at least until their meeting next week . Since Mr. Trump ’s inauguration , Mr. Netanyahu ’s government has announced the construction of 5 , 500 new houses in the occupied West Bank Mr. Trump the prime minister even raised the idea of building the first entirely new settlement in years . Mr. Netanyahu ’s coalition pushed through Parliament a new bill retroactively authorizing thousands of houses built on    land that are illegal even under Israeli law . " They do n’t help the process , " Mr. Trump said of settlements in the Israel Hayom interview . " I can say that . There is so much land left . And every time you take land for settlements , there is less land left . " He added : " I am not somebody that believes that going forward with these settlements is a good thing for peace . " Mr. Mr. Trump ’s statement on the embassy move was also strikingly different than past comments settlements leaders have warned him that moving the embassy Mr. Trump , which both Israelis and Palestinians claim , would lead to angry and possibly violent reactions because it would Mr. Trump seen as prejudging a final settlement between the two sides . The last three presidents refused to move the embassy there for that very reason . Last year , Mr. Trump said he would move the embassy " fairly quickly " after taking office . When approached by Boaz Bismuth of Israel Hayom on the eve of his inauguration Mr. Trump month , the embassy there his commitment by saying , " You know I ’m not a person who breaks promises . " But when Mr. Mr. Trump asked about it on Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump Trump did not repeat his vow . Instead , he said he was studying it . " The embassy Boaz Bismuth of Israel Hayom an easy decision Boaz Bismuth of Israel Hayom " Mr. Mr. Trump . " It has Mr. Trump been out there for Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump years and nobody Boaz Bismuth of Israel Hayom wanted to make that decision . I ’m thinking about Mr. Trump seriously and we will see what happens . " Mr. Trump , who last year blistered his predecessor , President Barack Obama an easy decision not being supportive enough of Israel an easy decision said he would not publicly criticize it . " I do n’t want to condemn Mr. Trump , " he said . " Israel has had a long history of condemnation and Mr. Trump . And I do n’t want an easy decision be condemning Israel . " But he also Israel Mr. Trump wanted Israel to compromise to Israel peace . " I want Israel to be reasonable with respect to peace , " he said . Israel Trump Mr. Trump not offer Mr. Trump for a    Israel , which has been American policy for years . Israel , he held out the prospect of Mr. Trump regional agreement Mr. Trump Maybe there is even a chance for a bigger peace than just Israel and the Palestinians , " he said Mr. Trump " I would like to see a level of reasonableness of both parties and I think we have a good chance of doing that Israel " 
 Mr. Trump 