President Donald Trump gave President Donald Trump first commencement speech at Liberty University on Saturday , encouraging " dreamers " to ignore critics , take risks , never quit , and remember that " in America we do n’t worship government , we worship God . " [ President Donald Trump told the graduates that they the graduates " graduating to a totally brilliant future . "   " Each of you should take immense pride in what you have achieved , " he President Donald Trump them Each of you Trump President Donald Trump recognized graduates who have served in the military , " It is truly a testament to this university and to the values that you embrace , that your graduating class includes so many patriots who have served our country in uniform . " He President Donald Trump thanked Liberty University President Jerry Falwell Jr. and members of the Falwell family . " You are about to begin the greatest adventure of your life , " said Trump who remarked how blessed the graduates are . Ask yourself , with all of those blessings and all of the blessings that you have been given , what will you give back to this our country indeed to the world , what imprint will you leave in the sands of history ? What will future Americans say we did Americans our brief Americans right here on earth . Did we take Americans ? Did we dare Americans defy expectations ? Did we challenge Americans wisdom and take on established systems ? I think I did , but we all Americans we ’re all Americans it . Or did we just go Americans with convention , swim downstream , so easily with the current and just give in because it was the easy way , it was the traditional way or it was the accepted way ? Remember this : nothing worth doing ever , ever , ever came easy . Following your convictions means you must be willing to face criticism from those that lack the same courage to do what is right and they know what your convictions right but they do n’t your convictions the same courage or guts or stamina to take it and to do it . It it called it road less traveled . Trump said that he knows each Trump will be " a warrior for the truth " " a warrior for our country and for your family . " He encouraged them Trump they your family do your family is right even when it is n’t easy , " You will be true to yourself , your family , your beliefs . " The President then referred to what he has seen The President far in his short time The President in Washington , D. C. : I ’ve seen firsthand how the system is broken . A small group of failed voices who think they know everything and understand everyone want to tell everybody else how to live and what to do and how to think , but you are n’t going to let other people tell you what you believe , especially when you know that you ’re right . Trump remarked that those graduating have given half a million hours of charity in just the past year . " We do n’t need a lecture from Washington on how Washington lead our lives , We he followed . Trump said he Trump standing Trump front of leaders , one or two future U. S. presidents could be in the crowd . " America has always been a land of dreams because America is a America of true believers , " said Trump who then referred to the pilgrims landing at Plymouth . He remarked that Trump who then referred to the pilgrims landing at Plymouth pilgrims prayed and , later , America ’s Founding America Creator God four times in the Declaration of Independence . " Because in America we do n’t America government , we worship God , we he said . He Trump who then referred to the pilgrims landing at Plymouth that United Trump who then referred to the pilgrims landing at Plymouth currency bears the phrase , " In God We Trust " God referenced " One nation under God " in the God of Allegiance . " The story of America is the story America an adventure that began with deep faith , big dreams , and humble beginnings , " said Trump who said Liberty University began in the same way . Trump remarked that many Trump who said Liberty University began in the same way told Liberty University founder Jerry Liberty University . that his vision of such Trump who said Liberty University began in the same way Christian university was n’t possible . He recognized Christian evangelical Trump who said Liberty University began in the same way and their effect on the 2016 Christian evangelical voters and their effect on the 2016 Presidential election election , thanking them for voting . " Christian evangelical voters and their effect on the 2016 Presidential election one has ever achieved anything significant without a chorus of critics standing on the sidelines explaining why it ca n’t be done No one Nothing is easier or more pathetic than being a critic because they ’re people that ca n’t get the job done , " said Trump . " The future belongs to the dreamers and not to the critics , " he added . He spoke Trump the university Trump initiative to have a " world class " sports program and football team . " From the most humble roots you ’ve become a powerhouse in both academics and sports , " said Trump . President Trump went Trump to Trump class of 2017 , " Never , ever give up , there will be times in life you ’ll want to quit , you ’ll want to go home   …     Just never quit . " He said he has seen brilliant Trump top Trump their class people who gave up as well as those who did n’t have the same talent or ability , but are among the most successful people in the world now because they never gave up . " their yourself with dignity and pride , demand the best from yourself and be totally unafraid to challenge entrenched interests and failed power structures , " he said , adding a parallel Trump his own path with the words Trump " does that sound familiar by the way ? " " The more people tell you it ’s not possible , that it ca n’t be done , it more you should be absolutely determined to prove them wrong . Treat the word The more people as nothing more than motivation . Relish the opportunity to be an outsider , " said Trump . " It ’s the outsiders who change the world , " he declared . " The more Trump broken system tells you that you ’re wrong the more certain you should be that you must keep pushing ahead , you must keep pushing forward . " " Most importantly , you have to do what you love , " he counseled the graduates . Trump Trump football Hall of Famer Trump Kelly as an inspiration to the commencement crowd . " He beat cancer not once , Trump twice , " said Trump . He recalled seeing Kelly Trump his Trump Jill at Famer Jim Kelly very Trump moment , but that they fought and Kelly pulled through Kelly and his wife Jill Kelly ’s Famer Jim Kelly Erin was also Famer Jim Kelly as she graduates from Liberty University the Famer Jim Kelly day . " You are a living witness of the gospel message , of faith hope and love , " Trump told the graduates . " America is better when they put their faith into action America As America as I am your president no one is going to keep you from practicing your faith or from preaching what ’s in your heart . " " Pray to God and follow his teachings , " encouraged Trump God Trump also recognized     Trump veteran Trump Rogers . Once a POW and survivor of the Bataan Death March , he was just 85 pounds when Trump was recovered . Rogers formerly Trump as Liberty University WWII veteran George Rogers and Vice President . " If anyone ever had reason to quit , to give into the bitterness and anger that we all face at some point , to lose hope in God ’s vision for his life , it was indeed God’s Rogers , but that ’s WWII veteran George Rogers he did , " said Trump . God’s He defended civilization against a tide of God’s , the kind of barbarity we are seeing today and we ’ve been witnessing over the past we of years . " Trump said America is countering this barbarity Trump very well and that America ’s generals would have something to America the coming week regarding U. S. efforts . He described Rogers’ faith in God , return U. S. to America , and investment in Liberty University . America encouraged the graduates in their futures Trump leaders in all aspects Trump life . He added , " You will have Trump faith to replace a broken establishment with a government that serves and protects the people . " " We must always remember that we share one home and one glorious destiny We " said Trump . Whether we are brown , Trump , or white We we all bleed the same red of patriots , we all salute the same great American flag and we are all made by the same almighty we all . As long as you remember what you have learned here at Liberty , as long as you have pride in your beliefs , courage in your convictions , and faith in your God , then you will not fail . And as long as America remains true to its values , loyal to its citizens , America devoted to its Creator America our best days are yet America come , I can promise you that . Trump was presented with an honorary Doctorate of Laws degree ahead of his speech . Ahead of the speech Liberty Trump President Jerry L. Falwell his speech in Lynchburg . Trump , Stephen Trump , and Dina Powell traveled with Trump aboard Air Force One . President Trump thanked the families and thanked Liberty Liberty University wishes of God ’s blessing on the Trump aboard Air Force One 2017 God’s United States of America , America all gathered there America commencement message as President of the United States . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 Trump aboard Air Force One Trump aboard Air Force One 