The chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee told Breitbart News the new Border Adjustment Tax is the way for Capitol Hill conservatives to support President Donald Trump ’s efforts to reform the tax code and reverse American trade disadvantages , as well as unleashing trillions of dollars currently sitting on the sidelines . [ " We know what We competitors do to beat We , " said Rep. Kevin Brady ( R. ) who took over one of the House ’s most powerful committees from Speaker Paul Ryan ( R. . ) upon Ryan ’s taking up the gavel .   " China , Canada , Germany , Mexico , and these others , China, Canada, Germany, Mexico, and these others beat us on low rates , but not anymore , " Brady said . " China, Canada, Germany, Mexico, and these others border adjust . " Brady said virtually every other country in the world has a system in place , where they virtually every other country in the world major taxes off of a product as it virtually every other country in the world exported to the United States and they virtually every other country in the world a tax on products coming into their virtually every other country in the world from the the United States Brady Brady the Brady deeply involved with the chairman Brady effort , because it lines up with his campaign the chairman’s tax reform effort . Brady President Trump gets it , " he said . " He knows President Trump is not a President Trump playing field and American workers and American communities are really getting hurt by this , so we are having very good discussions about how to end the ‘ Made in America Tax’ , " he said . " I am President Trump encouraged with our talks with President Trump , we Brady added . Helping Brady ’s cause is the popular Brady for what he promises the Border Adjustment Tax cause . According to a confidential poll by Trump campaign pollster Tony Fabrizio and President Trump partner David Lee that is Tony Fabrizio Capitol Hill offices and was made available to Breitbart News , 58 percent of the voters in 14 states key support the BAT , and 29 oppose it . Among Republicans , 80 percent support the BAT with Democrats split : the BAT oppose and 39 percent support . The poll asked : " ( According to a confidential poll by Trump campaign pollster Tony Fabrizio and his partner David Lee that is circulating Capitol Hill offices and was made available to Breitbart News, 58 percent of the voters in 14 states key support the BAT, and 29 oppose it say that they would prefer a tax code that incentivizes people goods imported and sold in American stores for lower prices . ( ) People say that they would prefer a tax code that incentivizes People manufacturing of goods to be sold in American stores and exported throughout the world . "    percent chose to incentivize American goods , and 13 percent chose to incentivize foreign goods . The poll was conducted among 1 , 000 registered voters from Feb. 20 to Feb. 22 in 14 states and the District of Columbia .    percent of the calls were made over landlines , and 44 percent were made on cell phones . The poll carries a 3 . 1 percent The poll error with a 95 percent level of confidence . Brady ’s BAT is not a small piece of the puzzle it is the puzzle . It is estimated that BAT tax the puzzle a BAT tax burden by roughly $ 1 trillion , or about    of federal revenues . The legislative lift alone is massive , given that this is the most significant restructuring of the tax code since President Ronald Reagan ’s 1986 reform . That reform reduced the individual tax code to three brackets President Ronald Reagan’s 1986 reform the rates , and eliminated hundreds if not thousands of tax breaks . The BAT ’s $ 1 trillion haul then allows conservatives to achieve long overdue items on their agenda , such as the full repeal of the tax conservatives estates , lowering the tax rates on personal and business taxes , and elimination of the tax code ’s infestation of tax loopholes written in for special interests . Brady said the estimates vary , but it is safe to say that American businesses are sitting on the estimates 6 trillion in cash that they were unwilling to use to hire new workers or invest American businesses " Because of President Obama ’s constant attack on the free enterprise system , businesses did n’t feel comfortable unleashing that investment , " he said . " Under the Republican blueprint , we allow Brady to immediately write off from their taxes all their new investment , new buildings , new businesses , new businesses , and new software , " the Texan said . " We ’ll bring all that investment off the sidelines and inject it right into the US economy , " he said . the sidelines That ’s where you are going to the Texan lots of growth as well . " Under the current system , low American trade barriers and the tax rebate other countries offer on exports means that American companies have a solid incentive to move manufacturing overseas and then send their products into the United States as our competitors do . American companies said the BAT equals out that disadvantage and fosters an environment where businesses are comfortable hiring and investing . During the campaign , Trump promised to lower the business tax to 15 percent from its current 35 percent . This rate is one of the Trump in the world and creates the conditions for lawmakers to give their friends tax breaks . Were Congress to lower the business lawmakers from 35 percent , there would be less the business tax lobbyists to secure a tax loophole . One other advantage of lowering the business tax rate is the estimated $ 2 . 5 trillion parked overseas by companies unwilling to pay 35 percent off the top when they bring those profits home —   those funds suddenly become reasonable to repatriate , he said . " Those profits , stranded overseas , we want them The chairman in America in new jobs , new research , and new Those profits, stranded overseas . " The chairman said his goal is to have the bill marked up out of committee by The chairman end of spring and signed into law before the end of 2017 . " You want to give the Senate plenty of time to act on their tax reform as well , " he said . " After 30 the Senate , the prospects of getting tax The chairman done this year are the best they have ever looked . " 
 