President Donald Trump made a dramatic display of executive power at the Environmental Protection Agency , as President Donald Trump signed an executive order to begin ratcheting back the    the Environmental Protection Agency regulations . [ " My administration is putting an end to the war on coal , " President Donald Trump said in a speech prior to signing the executive order . President Donald Trump was joined by the Environmental Protection Agency administrator Scott Pruitt , Secretary of Energy Rick Perry , and Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke .   " Our nation ca n’t run on pixie dust and hope , " Zinke said during his speech Zinke " The last eight years showed that . " Vice President Mike Pence was also present for the event . " President Trump digs coal , " Pence said Vice President Mike Pence he introduced President Trump . " The war on coal is over . " Several coal miners were also present at the event the event at one point Trump left the President Trump in the middle of his speech to President Trump all of their hands . Several coal miners We ’re with you 100 % , " he said , President Trump his campaign promise President Trump put them back to work . Trump said that President Trump executive order President Trump focused on giving power back to the states and back to the people to restore American energy jobs . " We ’re going his executive order was focused on giving power back to the states and back to the people to restore American energy jobs have safety , we ’re going his executive order was focused on giving power back to the states and back to the people to restore American energy jobs have clean water , we ’re going his executive order was focused on giving power back to the states and back to the people to restore American energy jobs have clean air , but so many are unnecessary and so many are job killing , we ’re getting his executive order was focused on giving power back to the states and back to the people to restore American energy jobs of the bad ones , " he said . President Trump his focus on President Trump miners , Trump also praised EPA employees . " You ’re doing important work to protect our health and public resources , so important , " he said . President Trump also recognized Trump Shelley Moore Capito ( ) who joined the event . After signing the executive order , Trump reached back Trump one of the signature pens and gave it to the the executive order . " Only a miner , c’mon fellas you split it up , the executive order he said , President Trump the crowd laughed . After signing executive order at the EPA , Trump double taps Trump desk pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) March 28 , 2017 , 
 