President Trump has turned into quite the promotional tool for Mexican sports fans . [ First , the Mexican national soccer team used President Trump in a promotional ad to rile the fan base prior to a game against Team USA . Now , boxing legend Oscar De La Hoya will use President Trump , and the wall boxing legend Oscar De La Hoya would like to build , in order to promote an upcoming boxing match .   The fight will take place over the Cinco de Mayo weekend , and will feature Saul " Canelo " Alvarez versus Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. The ad will show both fighters crashing through a wall , specifically President Trump ’s proposed wall along the southern border with Mexico . The ad will run on DirecTV and Dish Network . According to the Washington Post , De La Hoya explained the reasoning behind the The ad a phone interview , " The idea of a wall was a direct hit to Donald Trump President Trump’s , given what’ taken place , and given the comments that Trump has made President Trump’s really impacted a lot of people and have rubbed many people the wrong way . " This is letting him know that not every Mexican is what he ’s stated him are . Mexicans are hard workers . " Here , De La Hoya references comments made by Trump when he President Trump’s his him for him in the summer of 2015 . Trump pointed out President Trump’s correctly , that Mexico has allowed rapists , drug dealers , and other kinds of criminals to cross the border into the U. S. However , Trump did n’t President Trump’s that all Mexicans coming over the border were the border drug dealers . Instead , he pointed out President Trump’s there are " good people " among them as well , a fact conveniently omitted by De La Hoya . Nevertheless , we get it : Trump says things President Trump’s American politicians are n’t willing to say . It makes him a lightning President Trump’s , a focus of anger , and a    source when you need to gin up instant national angst . But , why do you need to gin up instant national angst or anger in a fight between two Mexicans ? The Mexican national team wanting to use Trump in an President Trump’s to fire people up before playing Team USA is understandable , given that was a game against America . But how does the America figure into America America fact , not only are neither of the fighters American , but Cinco de Mayo has nothing to do with the United States either . America ’s hard to get people excited about a game or a fight involving France . Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter : @themightygwinn 
 