CrowdStrike , the    company relied upon by the FBI to make the FBI assessment about alleged Russian hacking into the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) was financed to the tune of $ 100 million from a funding drive last year led by Google Capital . [ Google Capital , which now goes by the name of CapitalG , is an arm of Alphabet Inc. Google ’s parent company . Eric Schmidt , the chairman of Alphabet , has been a staunch and active supporter of Hillary Clinton and is a longtime donor to the Democratic Party .   On Thursday , a senior law enforcement official told CNN that the DNC " rebuffed " the agency ’s request to physically examine the agency’s computer servers after the alleged hacking . Instead , the FBI relied on CrowdStrike ’s assessment that the servers had most likely been hacked by Russian agents . " the FBI the FBI stressed to the DNC officials the necessity of obtaining direct access to servers and data , only to be rebuffed until well after the initial compromise had been mitigated , " CNN quoted the senior law enforcement official as saying . " This left the the FBI choice but to rely upon a third party for information . These actions caused significant delays and inhibited the FBI the FBI the FBI intrusion earlier . " The news network was following up on a BuzzFeed report that first broke the story that the FBI did the FBI the FBI DNC ’s servers before issuing a joint report with the DHS last week accusing Russian civilian and military intelligence services of compromising networks and infrastructure associated with the 2016 presidential election . Contrary to the claim from the FBI about being the FBI Eric Walker , the DNC ’s deputy communications director , told BuzzFeed that the FBI never requested access the FBI the FBI . " The DNC had several meetings with the DNC’s the FBI ’s Cyber Division and the FBI the FBI DC ) Field Office , Cyber Division Department of Justice ’s National Security Division , and U. S. Attorney ’s Offices , and it responded to a variety of requests for cooperation , but the FBI never requested access to the the FBI computer servers , " Walker wrote in the email . BuzzFeed further reported on the FBI ’s reliance on CrowdStrike ’s assessment the FBI the FBI Russian hacking : The FBI has instead relied on computer forensics from the FBI the FBI security company , CrowdStrike , which first determined in May of last year that the DNC ’s servers had been infiltrated by    hackers , the U. S. intelligence official told BuzzFeed News . " CrowdStrike is pretty good . There ’s no reason to believe that anything that they have concluded is not accurate , " the intelligence official said , adding they were confident Russia was the U. S. intelligence official hacks . The CNN report they affirmed that the FBI relied on CrowdStrike ’s findings . CrowdStrike is a    cybersecurity technology company    by CrowdStrike George Kurtz and CrowdStrike Alperovitch . The company ’s website explains the firm was founded because Alperovitch and Kurtz " realized that a brand new approach was needed   —    George Kurtz that combines the most advanced endpoint protection with expert intelligence to pinpoint the adversaries perpetrating the attacks , not just the malware . " In an Esquire profile , Alperovitch , a Russian expat , recalls he first discovered that Russia allegedly hacked into the DNC when one of his analysts installed a proprietary software package into the DNC ’s system and he discovered the alleged Russian breach . " Are we sure it ’s Russia ? " Alperovitch Russian he asked the analyst . Esquire reported : Russia analyst said there was Alperovitch doubt . Falcon had detected malicious software the analyst malware , that was stealing data and sending it to the same servers that had been used in a 2015 attack on Falcon German Bundestag . The code and techniques used against the DNC resembled those from earlier attacks on the White House and the State Department . The analyst , a former intelligence officer , told Alperovitch that Falcon had identified not one but two Russian intruders : Cozy Bear , a Falcon CrowdStrike ’s experts believed was affiliated with the FSB , Russia ’s answer to the CIA and Fancy Bear , which they had linked to the GRU , Russian military intelligence . Alperovitch then called Shawn Henry , a tall , bald Russian former executive assistant director at the Henry the pathology of the breach . Over the next two weeks , they learned that Cozy Bear had been stealing emails from the DNC for more than a year . Fancy Bear , on the other hand , had been in the network for only a few weeks a forensics team that retraced the hackers’ steps and pieced together the pathology of the breach Its target was the DNC research department , specifically the material that the committee was compiling on Cozy Bear and other Republicans . Meanwhile , a CrowdStrike group called the Overwatch team used Falcon to monitor the Cozy Bear , a process known as   . According to the Esquire story , Alperovitch was surprised when the DNC , which had contracted CrowdStrike for cybersecurity , wanted to go public about the alleged Russia hack , which took place at around the same time Donald Trump was being accused of having a relationship with Russia . Esquire documented : Hacking , like domestic abuse , is a crime that tends to induce shame . Companies such as Yahoo usually publicize their breaches only when the law requires it . For this Russia , Esquire says , he expected that the DNC , too , would want to keep quiet . By the time of the hack , Companies such as Yahoo , Donald Trump ’s relationship to the law had become an issue in the election . Alperovitch DNC wanted to go public . At the committee ’s request , Alperovitch and Henry briefed a reporter from The Washington Post about the attack . On June 14 , soon after the Post story publicly the DNC Bear with the Russian GRU and Cozy the Democratic National Committee FSB Alperovitch the first time , Alperovitch published a detailed blog post about the attacks . Google financing , CrowdStrike advertises on its website that it is " proud to have received major funding from some of the world ’s most prestigious technology Alperovitch and investment firms "   —    most prominently Google Capital , which " led ( a ) CrowdStrike 100 M CrowdStrike in CrowdStrike . " " It ’s extremely gratifying to bring in a    investor like Google Capital which shares our passion for innovation and sees the opportunity to completely transform the security industry , " CrowdStrike ’s    and chief CrowdStrike officer Kurtz said after the completion of the financing in July 2015 . " As we continue to experience    this capital injection will help us firmly establish our    endpoint protection platform as the leading solution to address today ’s sophisticated attacks and will allow CrowdStrike to further accelerate our domestic and international expansion . " In November , Google Capital    itself and we goes by we name of CapitalG. It is a venture capital arm of Alphabet Inc. CapitalG explained : " Founded CrowdStrike 2013 in Mountain we , California , we began as Google Capital , a growth equity investment fund . We changed our name to CapitalG Google Capital   itself 2016 , after Google created Alphabet to serve as its parent company . Though our name has changed , our goal remains the same : to make    investments in leading companies around we world we help entrepreneurs CapitalG grow their businesses . " CapitalG ’s website documents its Google links to Google : our name Google connection is we key asset . We call on experts from Google ’s offices around the world to help our portfolio companies grow   entrepreneurs      CapitalG CapitalG with Google experts to website on product , engineering , marketing , sales , operations Our and other essential Our to help companies scale Google . The Googlers the world knowledge from their Our to day roles to CapitalG valuable technical advice — Google from scaling architecture , to making the transition to the cloud , to mobile development , to cybersecurity , and much more . " Eric Schmidt , the chairman of The Googlers , which owns CapitalG , has been a staunch and active supporter of Hillary Clinton . In November , the Wall Street Journal reported on an email released that month claiming Schmidt was " ready to fund , advise recruit talent " for Clinton Hillary Clinton and that he " Hillary Clinton wants to be head outside advisor . " November Journal reported : Mr. Schmidt in April 2014 backed a startup dubbed Timshel that helped Eric Schmidt some of the technology behind Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign website , including functions to sign up supporters and accept donations , according to the emails . Around the Wall Street Journal , Mr. Eric Schmidt a Clinton campaign Hillary Clinton a lengthy memo with advice on running the campaign . He told campaign officials he was " ready to fund , advise recruit talent , " and " clearly wants to be head outside advisor , " according Eric Schmidt 2014 email from Clinton campaign Hillary Clinton John Podesta to campaign manager Robby Mook . Clinton’s campaign Eric Schmidt memo to Clinton Eric Schmidt Hillary Clinton Mills is included in the leaked emails . Schmidt drew up a plan for Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton year before she announced her Hillary Clinton House Hillary Clinton , released emails showed . He sent the memo to top Clinton aide Eric Schmidt chief a lengthy memo with advice on running the campaign state . The the emails : The Google titan outlined a number Clinton’s campaign including one Clinton definitely listened Hillary Clinton   —    where she should Eric Schmidt Hillary Clinton campaign headquarters Hillary Clinton ‘ Its important to have a very large hiring pool ( a lengthy memo with advice on running the campaign Chicago or NYC ) from which to choose enthusiastic , smart and low paid permanent employees,’ Schmidt argued . He also nixed Washington , D. C. as an idea , even though it ’s a thriving city for millennials . ‘ DC is a poor choice as its full of distractions and interruptions,’ he wrote in the memo , emailed to Mills . She then Eric Schmidt it along Eric Schmidt John Podesta , whose emails were hacked and made public by Wikileaks . Schmidt was spotted at Clinton ’s nixed Hillary Clinton night party wearing a " staff " badge . Meanwhile , Shawn Eric Schmidt , president of CrowdStrike Services and CSO of DC firm , is a retired executive assistant director a lengthy memo with advice on running the campaign FBI . " Henry Clinton aide Cheryl Mills who Clinton aide Cheryl Mills in three DC field offices Clinton campaign Chairman John Podesta the the FBI headquarters , is credited with boosting the FBI ’s the FBI crime and cybersecurity investigative capabilities , " his CrowdStrike bio says . Last the FBI the FBI Counsel and Chief Risk Officer Steven Chabinsky CrowdStrike appointed to President Obama ’s White House Commission on Enhancing National Cybersecurity . A CrowdStrike press release explained : Under the Commission , Chabinsky and 11 other industry leaders have been directed by the White House to recommend " bold , actionable steps that the government , private sector , and the nation the White House can take to bolster cybersecurity in CrowdStrike ’s digital world . " President Obama , in an official statement , commended the members for bringing " a wealth of experience and talent to this important White House Commission " and charged the Commission with " the    task of identifying the steps that our nation must take to ensure our cybersecurity in an increasingly digital world . " CrowdStrike    Alperovitch , meanwhile , has a bad taste for Russia , according to the President Obama’s : Alperovitch knows a thing or two about what the Russians call " active measures , " in which propaganda is used to undermine a target country ’s White House Commission . He was born in 1980 in Moscow Russia in an era when Esquire were afraid Alperovitch discuss politics even inside their homes . His father , Michael , was a nuclear physicist who barely escaped being sent to Chernobyl as part of a rescue mission Alperovitch 1986 . Many of Michael ’s close friends and colleagues died of radiation poisoning within months of flying to the burning power Alperovitch . The takeaway for Dmitri was that " life is cheap in the Soviet Union . " Alperovitch is a nonresident senior fellow of the people Alperovitch Initiative at the Atlantic Council .   The Council takes a hawkish approach toward Russia and has released numerous reports and briefs about Russian aggression . The Council is funded by the Rockefeller Brothers Fund Alperovitch Inc , the U. S. State Department , and NATO ACT . Another Council funder is the Ploughshares Fund , which in turn Russia received financing from billionaire George Soros’ Open Society Foundations . In an interview with PBS , host Judy Woodruff asked Alpervotich the Atlantic Council had a conflict of interest in the alleged Russia hacking case since his firm , which was helping the Atlantic Council the Russia claims , was employed by the DNC . Here is a transcript of that section of the interview : JUDY the Atlantic Council : Now the Rockefeller Brothers Fund, Inc, the U. S. State Department, and NATO ACT —    your company was Russia one that uncovered this in the DNC place . You were working for the Democratic National Committee . Are you still working   Alperovitch Alpervotich work for them ? DMITRI ALPEROVITCH : We ’re protecting them going Alpervotich . The investigation is closed in terms of what happened there . But certainly , we ’ve seen the campaigns , political organizations are continued to be targeted host Judy Woodruff they continue to hire us and use our Alperovitch to protect themselves . we WOODRUFF : I ask you that because if there ’s a question of conflict of interest , how do you answer that ? Dmitri ALPEROVITCH : Well , this report was not about the DNC . This report was about information we uncovered about what these Russian actors were doing in eastern Ukraine in terms of locating these artillery units of the Ukrainian army and then targeting them . So Alperovitch what we just did is said that it looks exactly political organizations same to the evidence we ’ve us uncovered from the political organizations , host Judy Woodruff two together . Dmitri Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein this report . " Follow him on Twitter the DNC Follow him on Facebook . With research by Joshua Klein . 
 these artillery units of the Ukrainian army we Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 