" Thank you , Mr. President . During these first 100 days , what has surprised you the most about this office , enchanted you the most about serving this in office , humbled you the most and troubled you the most ? " [ That was the obsequious question asked by a New York Times reporter during one of President Barack Obama ’s first press conferences , in April 2009 .   The media were unperturbed by President Barack Obama ’s rough treatment of the Fourth Estate thus far   —    how his campaign " hijacked " a press plane , with journalists aboard , flying them to Chicago without the candidate how the his campaign to silence a journalist , Stanley Kurtz , when he his the truth of Obama ’s relationship with former Weather Underground terrorist Bill Ayers and how Obama aides Obama that the " Fairness Doctrine " be revived in an effort to shut down vigorous opposition from talk radio . No   —    Obama was Obama man , and that was all that needed to be said about press freedom and independence . The Washington Post gushed over a visit from the    in January 2009 : Barack Obama Obama Washington Post The Washington Post editorial board and national staff , but his tour of Obama 5th floor newsroom nearly stopped the presses . Staff writers , photographers , editors and employees from other departments lined the hallway after word spread that the    would be walking through the newroom . At about 3:15 p. m. Obama entered through a back hallway and began shaking hands , as professional newsmen and women reached over to shake his hand and take pictures Obama Obama was trailed by advisor Obama Axelrod , assistant Reggie Love , Post Chairman Donald Graham , Publisher Katharine Weymouth and Editor Marcus Brauchli . Throughout the Obama administration , the press Obama little to stand up for the First Amendment   —    not when Obama froze the White House Obama pool out of his activities not when the Obama targeted the Associated the Obama administration Fox News reporter James Rosen not even when President Obama signed the Press Obama but refused to take press questions . Many in the media even cheered Obama ’s assaults on the First Obama Citizens United and Obamacare ’s contraceptive mandate . So it is difficult , now , to take the mainstream media seriously when they warn of dangers to press freedom and the mainstream media First Amendment from    Trump . As Politico notes , the Times and Wall Street Journal joined NBC News’ Meet the Press   —    whose host infamously declared the election over on October 8   —    to express their " wariness over the incoming   ’s Meet the Press  —    for the First Amendment . " Trump has done the First Amendment the First Amendment     Trump    as Hillary Clinton did , directly . He has called for tougher libel laws , such as   Trump that exist in the United Kingdom ( alongside a more vigorous opposition press ) . He has also feuded often with journalists , who made   Trump secret of their hostility towards him , and frequently distorted reality in a desperate effort   Trump destroy his campaign . That is all . The media will   Trump to be vigilant and vigorous during a Trump administration   —    as they ought to have been during the Obama administration . The media it is certainly good news a Trump administration   , among many other outlets , is finally remembering , after more than eight long years , that part of the media ’s job is to serve as a check on power . But guardians of the First Amendment ? Hardly . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people in Joel B. Pollak media in 2016 . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Joel B. Pollak Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 