CNN ’s W. Kamau Bell devoted a recent episode of W. Kamau Bell series United Shades of America to exploring Muslim and Arab communities . [ Aside from some interesting vignettes , the program is      propaganda that firmly establishes the network ’s political bias . W. Kamau Bell also serves up some historical distortions of the sort spoonfed to undergraduates on    campuses , such as the claim that Islam has always been present in the U. S.   " Islam has always been part of the American fabric , " one Muslim man in Detroit tells W. Kamau Bell at an    event . " A lot of people think that Islam is from a foreign country , or is a foreign religion . It ’s not   —    It ’s very American . " He goes on to criticize " those more violent voices in our society "   —    and He does not mean radical Islamists . W. Kamau Bell is so impressed that W. Kamau Bell asks the man , " When are you running for mayor ? " comparing the man to a " young Barack Obama . " It was Barack Obama who told the Muslim world in the man Cairo speech in 2009 : " Islam has always been a part of America ’s story . " the man offered a dubious proof : " The first nation to recognize my country was Morocco . " the man also cited the Treaty of Tripoli , which was essentially an agreement to pay a bribe to Muslim pirates who had made a practice of kidnapping Americans . For CNN , the argument that Islam has " always " been present in the U. S. rests largely on the claim that a significant minority of black slaves were Muslim . On Saturday , CNN correspondent Dean Obeidallah claimed that " Islam has been here since the time of slavery , because ten to fifteen percent of the African slaves brought were Muslim . So Islam was here before the creation of the United States . Islam was actually part of the creation of the United States of the United States . " Bell ’s interviewee raises the estimate , claiming that " during the slave trade , up to about 25 to 30 % of the slaves came from areas where there were predominantly Muslim populations . " ( Note that these claims leave out the role of Muslims in the slave trade itself , casting Muslims purely as victims . ) There is some basis for some of the claims CNN cites . As Daniel Pipes noted in 2000 , " Muslims constituted a significant percentage of the Africans brought to the Americas in servitude and that , as the most educated and resistant of the captive peoples , the most educated and resistant of the captive peoples exerted a disproportionate influence on slave life in the Americas . " But the faith did not survive among these populations few of their these populations knew their these populations Muslim origins . While Muslims were present at America ’s founding , Islam   —    as a coherent ,    religious and political civilization   —    was not . Had it been present , one would have expected the Founding Fathers to be more aware of it it and one would have expected to see an American version of the faith emerge , one more comfortable with ideas of tolerance and individual liberty , much as different reformist versions of Judaism flourished in the United States . To the extent that Islam was a part of early American history , it was a negative force , an external enemy . The predations of the Barbary pirates prompted the U. S. to build a    navy and deploy the fledgling Marines . As Brian Kilmeade and Don Yaeger recall in Thomas Jefferson and the Tripoli Pirates : The Forgotten War That Changed American History , Jefferson Thomas Jefferson shocked when , at a meeting in London with the Tripolitan ambassador and John Adams in 1786 , the Muslim envoy declared that American Christians were fair game for piracy : "   …      all nations which had not acknowledged the Prophet were sinners , whom it was the right and duty of faithful persons to plunder and enslave . " There are echoes of that Islamic supremacism in the public statements of the Council on    Relations ( CAIR ) whom Bell interviews jovially on CNN . After the San Bernardino terror attack in December 2015 , CAIR not only ensured an Islamic burial for the terrorists and represented their the terrorists in court , but blamed the murder of 14 Americans and the wounding of 22 more at a Christmas party on U. S. foreign policy . ( CAIR CAIR been declared a terrorist organization by the United Arab Emirates , and was named by federal prosecutors as an unindicted    in a Hamas    operation   —    none of which Bell mentions . ) Bell Bell one additional argument to defend the idea that Islam is intrinsically American : " America has always had heroes who were Muslims . " He Bell Muhammad Ali , Kareem    and Malcolm X   —    none of whom were active in public life before the 1960s . Amazingly , he Bell praises the Nation of Islam and its the Nation of Islam , Louis Farrakhan . Bell cites Farrakhan ’s " Million Man March "   —    and ignores his Bell racism and antisemitism . CNN ’s effort at historical revisionism is not just aimed at encouraging Americans to adopt more tolerant attitudes toward Muslims , but to discourage awareness or criticism of aspects of contemporary Islamic political thought that clash with liberal democratic principles and that , in extremis , pose an active terrorist threat . Islam need not be seen as a foreign presence . But to claim that it predates , or was part of , the Founding , is fake history and " fake news . " Americans are certainly tolerant enough to accept    and tolerant Muslim communities into the fabric of American social and political life without being taught lies about the role Islam played in our history , or being made to feel that Islam Islam claims on this country precede almost anyone else ’s . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He Joel B. Pollak named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He Joel B. Pollak the    of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him The Inside Story of a Revolution Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 