The last time we saw John Oliver on " Last Week Tonight , " the weekly comedy series John Oliver hosts for HBO , John Oliver was blowing up a giant 2016 sign in a soccer stadium , bidding farewell to a year that seemed unmatchable in its capacity for tumult and    news events . Then 2017 came along . As John Oliver prepares for the    premiere of " Last Week Tonight " on Sunday , he John Oliver to an arena where President Trump , the bête noire of the    shows , has been in charge of the country for nearly a month . During that time , the Trump administration has already made the picture more complicated for many issues that Mr. Oliver has addressed in his Mr. Oliver segments , like net neutrality , voter fraud , torture and nuclear weapons . Now , who wants to hear some jokes ? In an interview on Monday at HBO ’s New York offices , Mr. Oliver , 39 , said that despite some clear challenges to his Mr. Oliver of looking at the world , he Mr. Oliver not believe his Mr. Oliver work had been in vain . " I ’m not a complete nihilist , " he Mr. Oliver with a laugh . " I have n’t quite got to the point where I ’m ’m , ‘ What ’s the point in anything ? Burn it the point in anything . ’ " Though he Mr. Oliver mum on the subject of Sunday ’s episode , Mr. Mr. Oliver " Last Week Tonight " would continue to resist the impulse to go " all Trump , all the time , " and instead try to focus on subjects not addressed by his    Mr. Oliver . " It ’s a lot of people feeding on the same carcass , " he said Mr. Oliver " We try to pick a different carcass because of how many different beaks have already gotten to it . a different carcass The    Mr. Oliver did talk about how his    The   Mr. Oliver and    experiences have informed his takes The   Mr. Oliver the presidential election , the Brexit vote and Mr. Trump The   Mr. Oliver ban why you ’d have to be a " sociopath " to think    comedy programs helped Mr. Trump win The   Mr. Oliver relationship between his show and what The   Mr. Oliver considers real journalism The   Mr. Oliver These are edited excerpts from that conversation . How did you spend your election night ? I just watched it at home , but it was the same muscle memory as the Brexit vote , as those early returns came in   —    I think I know what ’s going to happen here . You ’ve been living in the United States for about a decade . Do news events in Britain still have a visceral impact on you ? I had n’t left much of a career behind in England   —    I pretty quickly had flipped the switch in my head . This is my home . But Brexit was awful because it reminded me of Brexit certain blatant ugliness in the country that I the United States in . I ’d just had a baby , so I liked the idea that he ’d have a British a baby as well   —    which is a European passport , meaning he can live and work a baby in Europe . From that vote , you realize his horizons have been contracted a baby , and that becomes a physical manifestation of what is true for a lot of people . I ’m very happy that he does n’t understand anything a baby ’s happened in the last year . You ’re a    holder and the husband of a former United States Army medic . Do you fear any personal ramifications from the travel ban , which created widespread complications for immigrants and residents ? Practically speaking , I should be O. K. but it ’s kind of scary in a way . That pales into insignificance next to the    trauma of other people . My wife ’s been in Iraq . She had a translator . My wife I know IRAP [ the International Refugee Assistance Project ] very well . They were there the whole IRAP [the International Refugee Assistance Project] at J. F. K. I know some of the people who have bled for this country and are now not being let in . When I was still on a visa , I remember the third or fourth time I landed back in J. F. K. from England J. F. K. thinking , Oh , great to be home . And then realizing , that is a dangerous thought when there is someone behind a glass panel deciding whether this is your home or not . I still have the basic immigrant ’s crush on this country . I like the point this country , that it is diverse   —    not a reactionary idea of an America that happened after the fact . When America say , you do a long segment on " Last Week Tonight " about the importance of the    fiduciary rule , and then Trump signs an executive order that could put a halt to it , does that frustrate you ?   Trump , but it hurts more . We ’ve spent so Trump looking at those stories , we know how important it is . Even We like the fiduciary rule , which can seem like a luxury issue   —    that , in very meaningful ways , affects people ’s lives down the line . Our researchers have been looking at the [ hiring freeze on federal workers ]   —    there ’s a lot of veterans who are going to be adversely affected and they do n’t even realize it yet . Our researchers some of these E. O. s [ executive orders ] it ’s like a tsunami warning . You ’re in real trouble and you do n’t yet know because the sea looks calm . Do you accept the argument that    comedians helped Trump win , either by insulating Clinton voters from the possibility she could lose or egging on his supporters Clinton vote for him ? That Clinton just a stick to Clinton someone with , knowing that it ’s something that could hurt someone . What ’s a thing that you like ? I ’ll attach something you do n’t like to it . " Pancakes   —    this is why Trump won . " But I like pancakes ! I ’m not saying that comedians are not , by their nature ,   . But if you comedians as a comedian , think you got Donald Trump elected , you ’re a sociopath Trump election and its aftermath have brought attention to the problem of fake news . Do you think shows like " Last Week Tonight " contribute to this problem ?   The phrase " fake news the problem of fake news now been used so liberally , it ’s meaningless . The problem with aggregation is that The phrase "fake news" very act of the problem of fake news information assumes that somewhere along the line , there was a level of   . We are very , very strict about making sure that every piece of information that we pass along , we    independently . I do not , for We second , say that our sourcing is transferable across other political comedy shows . Mr. Trump has We criticized the media   —    news outlets as well as comedy shows like " Saturday Night Live . " Do you fear he might actually try to retaliate against his critics ? What he says Mr. Trump journalists is a serious , lasting Mr. Trump . He has Mr. Trump these threats are not entirely empty . They ’re sometimes Mr. Trump . But " S. N. L. " is a these threats show . What would he do , get " S. N. L. " taken off the air Mr. Trump " S. N. L. " is something he cares about . We are a "S. N. L. " he barely hears buzzing by "S. N. L. " ear . There is a nonzero chance that he "S. N. L. " do anything . There "S. N. L. " a nonzero chance you and I are taken "S. N. L. " the border this evening and deported as Mexicans . That ’s probably not going to happen , but it ’s not zero . [ laughs ] Do you feel as if you were That more TV journalists use some of the basic techniques " The Daily Show " developed , like juxtaposing video clips of an administration official contradicting himself ?   What you ’re describing just seems like basic    to expose hypocrisy . I always find it pretty dispiriting if ever I see journalists trying to tell a joke . This is not your concern . Pick a lane . You do n’t need to do this . Also , almost 100 percent of the time , you ’re less funny than you think you are . Although , you could absolutely apply that to most comedians . [ Laughs . ] In all my working years at " The Daily Show , " whenever [ a TV journalist ] said , " I wish we could do what you guys do "   —    you can . Just do n’t tell jokes at the end . Because you ca n’t , and you should n’t . Have you been approached about hosting the White House Correspondents’ Association dinner ? Oh , no . God , no . That is just such a noxious concept . I have such contempt for that , as an evening . It would seem really [ awful ] to go and say , " This whole thing is a horrendous farce . " I do n’t need to go and ruin their unearned evening of celebration . Any of that commentary , I can do on my own show . 
 