The mother of an American man wrongfully imprisoned in Venezuela says The mother of an American man wrongfully imprisoned in Venezuela is hopeful the Trump administration may soon secure the release of The mother of an American man wrongfully imprisoned in Venezuela son after the return of     student Otto Warmbier to the United States this week from North Korea . [ " [ Warmbier ’s release ] means that the Trump administration is working hard on these cases , " Laurie Holt told Fox News . " Anything they the Trump administration do to further the process along would be great because if we the Trump administration n’t get him her son soon , I do n’t think we the Trump administration see him her son again . "   Holt Laurie Holt come after Secretary of State Rex Tillerson announced that North Korean authorities had released Warmbier , despite having sentenced the student to 15 years of hard labor for " hostile acts " after stealing    propaganda signs from his hotel . Warmbier had Warmbier fallen into a coma in March 2016 , shortly after his arrest his and U. S. officials demand his release his humanitarian grounds , which Pyongyang conceded . In a press briefing on Wednesday , Deputy White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said that securing Warmbier ’s Warmbier been a " big priority for the president . " Joshua Holt , a former Mormon missionary from Utah , was arrested in Venezuela last June along with his wife Thamara Deputy White House press secretary Sarah Sanders after officials claimed to have found a small weapons arsenal in their apartment . Joshua Holt, a former Mormon missionary from Utah remain imprisoned Joshua Holt, a former Mormon missionary from Utah eyewitnesses revealing they had seen Joshua Holt, a former Mormon missionary from Utah planting the weapons beforehand . In December , Venezuelan authorities repeatedly denied Holt ’s attorney the right to see him , as Holt’s attorney pressed charges against him and Caleño Holt’s attorney terrorism and illegal possession of arms . According to a report from the Miami Herald earlier this week , President Donald Trump has now taken a " personal interest " in his case . President Donald Trump report also a report from the Miami Herald earlier this week Holt has become " depressed and angry " in prison and " has no hope whatsoever that he will ever be Holt from there . " Since entering the jail , Holt ’s health has Holt , having lost 50 pounds and developing kidney stones , bronchitis , and internal bleeding , with his family claiming his life Holt at risk Holt " The hardest part for me is that he told his     to Holt me Holt go on with my life and forget about his life he feels like Holt is Holt going to Holt out , " Laurie Holt said . " But I ’m not going to do that . " She also says her son has Laurie Holt routinely tortured Laurie Holt Venezuelan authorities , who force him to perform gym exercises naked her son the prison ’s hallways , which required Holt to violate Mormon practices of Laurie Holt around others . Venezuela enjoys alliances with some of America ’s most vocal enemies , including the rogue nations of North Korea and Iran , who have routinely imprisoned Americans in search of government ransoms . North Korea is currently holding three North Korea citizens following Warmbier ’s release . Iran is holding at least two U. Iran citizens , while a third U. S. the country years ago . The Trump Iran prioritized securing the release of U. S. prisoners abroad . So far , at U. S. such detentions have successfully concluded : American businesswoman Sandy    who the Chinese government accused of spying , and Aya Hijazi , an American aid worker freed from Egypt after she was cleared of child abuse and human trafficking charges . You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . com 
 Ben Kew 