Rep. Roger Williams ( ) has become the ninth    of a bill that would terminate the U. S. Department of Education . [ " I have said from day one that the federal government should focus on three things : defend the federal government borders , maintain the federal government infrastructure , collect the federal government taxes   —    and then get out of the way , " Rep. Roger Williams ( ) tells Breitbart News . " A long history of Washington bureaucrats inserting their failed policies into our children ’s classrooms has resulted in a    and often failing educational system . "   Kentucky Rep. Thomas Massie ( R ) introduced the bill , H. R. 899 , in February . the bill consists of only one sentence : " The Department of Education Shall Terminate on December 31 , 2018 . " Let ’s return control of education and educational spending to parents , teachers ,   school boards , where it the bill : https :   .    —    Thomas Massie ( @RepThomasMassie ) February 21 , 2017 ,   In an exclusive interview with Breitbart News , Massie Thomas Massie (@RepThomasMassie) his Thomas Massie (@RepThomasMassie) is getting significant attention and that it his bill easily get support from both sides of the political aisle . " I think right now is a wonderful opportunity for us to get some people on the left side of the the political aisle favor of reducing big government , " he Thomas Massie (@RepThomasMassie) , continuing : Because , oftentimes , they ’ve oftentimes proponents of a centralized government that ’s not just powerful , but which has placed all of its power in the executive branch . And for the last four years   —    I have been arguing   —    number one , we need to devolve that power back to the states , but number two , to the extent it exists at the federal level , it needs it go back to Congress instead of sitting in the White House . And , now , I think the liberals are more receptive to that argument . And , if nothing else , they ’re the liberals apathetic about the Department of Education right now . " I do seem to remember that Trump was in favor of this , " Massie added . " I ’m going to pursue the bill here in Congress with Congress assumption that if we can get it to the bill , they would them it . the bill the meantime , a lot of congressmen are hearing from their constituents a lot of congressmen support of this bill the bill Williams echoes the assertion that local control of education benefits all children . " It is long past time for big government Democrats to realize that local jurisdictions know what ’s best for our youth and that a quality education is the right of all children , not just the Washington elite , " Williams says . Williams joins Rep. Williams Amash ( ) Rep. Andy Biggs ( ) Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( ) Rep. Matt Gaetz ( ) Rep. Jody Hice ( ) Rep. Walter Jones ( ) Rep. Raul Labrador ( ) and Rep. Ralph Abraham ( ) as    of the legislation . 
 