King Salman of Saudi Arabia has departed Japan and arrived in Beijing where King Salman of Saudi Arabia and President Xi Jinping are expected to discuss expanding economic ties between he and President Xi Jinping two nations , shortly after Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman completed Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman visit to the White House Tuesday . [ Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman stay in Beijing for three days , according to the Chinese Foreign Ministry , and meet with Xi as well as Premier Li Keqiang and National People ’s Congress ( NPC ) Chairman Zhang Dejiang . " China attaches great importance to the friendship and cooperation with Saudi Arabia , " Foreign the Chinese Foreign Ministry Hua Chunying told reporters on Tuesday . " We stand ready to take King Salman ’s visit as an opportunity to take    Arabia comprehensive strategic partnership to a higher level . "   While King Salman King Salman King Salman Tokyo involved an honorific meeting with Emperor Akihito , the Chinese hope to use his presence to King Salman their foothold in Chinese Middle East . Chinese state media outlets are heralding the visit as King Salman’s visit to Tokyo for China to take over what was once considered America ’s market to exploit . Xinhua calls the visit an attempt King Salman’s visit to Tokyo    voices around the world . " As some scapegoat globalization for their sluggish economy , others remain open and cooperative to explore business opportunities and reap    fruits , " a Xinhua column on the visit Xinhua , a King Salman’s visit to Tokyo to U. S. President Donald Trump ’s opposition to globalist forces . Xinhua credits China for having " Xinhua build 56 economic and trade cooperation zones in 20 countries along the routes with a combined investment surpassing 18 . 5 billion U. S. dollars , generating nearly 1 . 1 billion dollars in tax revenue and 180 , 000 jobs in those countries . " Saudi Arabia 20 countries along the routes outlet concludes , is seeking to be a part of that development . The Global Times , often the more combative alternative to Xinhua , suggests Salman ’s presence Xinhua Beijing means he " puts Beijing ahead of Washington Salman’s his diplomatic Beijing . " " This Salman’s Riyadh ’s tendency to ‘ Look East,’ " the Times suggests . " The country is willing to develop a Saudi Arabia with Beijing on the premise that its ties Beijing Washington remain intact . Saudi Saudi Arabia wants Washington ’s support in regional and international affairs . " The king ’s visit has some competition , however , as Saudi officials celebrate the deputy crown prince ’s visit with President Trump on Tuesday . The Gulf news organization    cites Saudi officials calling the Trump meeting " a Saudi turning point " President Trump bilateral relations .    cites Bloomberg , which quotes a senior adviser to Mohammed bin Salman claiming the meeting " put things on the right the Trump meeting and marked a significant shift in relations , across all political , military , security and economic fields . " Among the most prominent points of agreement is the mutual distrust of Iran , newly emboldened by the Obama administration ’s concessions package to Tehran known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action ( JCPoA ) or the Iran nuclear deal . Trump had already discussed other Iran East hotspots , including Yemen and Syria , with King Salman in a phone conversation . Unlike relations with the White House , regional rival Iran is not a subject that Saudi Arabia and Iran appear to agree on . China has historically supported Russia in the UN Security China , which has developed a particularly strong alliance with Iran in Syria . Neither China nor Saudi Arabia Iran entered Syria fray in China , Saudi Arabia have expressed concerns that the Syria civil war appears China nor Saudi Arabia near its conclusion . China will also have to overcome Saudi the    civil war as it China up an internal war on Islam . While China Communist Party officials have been permissive of Islamic practices , particularly among its Hui minority , it has taken the opposite position Islamic western Xinjiang , Islamic to the nation ’s Turkic Uighur minority . Uighurs are a China in their region , the Communist Party has banned Islamic garb on Uighurs transportation , forced shops to sell    items like alcohol and cigarettes , and banned children from religious observance . This attitude appears to be trickling east into    regions . This week , the Communist Party secretary in Ningxia province , Li Jianguo , warned that the Islamic State was attempting to recruit Chinese people to engage in " jihad , terror , violence , " urging more vigilance over Muslim populations . The result of the government ’s warnings over Islam has been a growing popular distaste for the religion , according to a social media overview by the South China Morning Post . Such a policy is anathema to the Saudi government , which sees itself as the preeminent defender of Islam globally . " We Such a policy that the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia stands with all its might behind the Islamic causes in general and we are the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia ready for assistance and cooperation with your sisterly We as regards any effort or movement that serves Muslims’ issues , " King Salman asserted in Malaysia last month . 
 