Activists in 45 states and the nation ’s capital are rallying Saturday to urge Congress and President Donald Trump to eliminate taxpayer funding for Planned Parenthood   —    the nation’s largest abortion business . [ It ’s their turn now :    march against Planned Parenthood Planned Parenthood     —    https :   .   @washtimes # protestPP ,   —    Jennifer Harper ( @harperbulletin ) February 10 , 2017 ,    # ProtestPP   —    a coalition of state and national    groups   —    is organizing the event and is primarily sponsored by Citizens for a    Society , Created Equal , and the    Action League . The event will the event outside over 200 Planned Parenthood facilities Planned Parenthood   United States . Demonstrations are also taking place at the London headquarters of the International Planned Parenthood Federation , which was recently defunded by Trump ’s executive order . The next # ProtestPP rallies will take place on Saturday , February 11 . Be there ! https :   .   # prolife pic . twitter .    —    secularprolife ( @secularprolife ) February 1 , 2017 ,   " The federal government has been subsidizing Planned Parenthood to the tune of more than $ 430 million annually , " explains Eric Scheidler , national organizer of # ProtestPP . " This , at the same time that the nation ’s largest abortion provider holds $ 500 ticket fundraisers and charges a woman about $ 500 to abort her baby . On top a woman that , Planned Parenthood is trafficking baby Planned Parenthood . Taxpayers are sickened to see their money spent in support of Taxpayers atrocities . " Scheidler adds : This is a nationwide event , but at the same time it is a local community concern This As citizens gather to encourage Congress to quit sending money to an organization that specializes in killing children , they are also declaring that they children not want Planned Parenthood children continue operating in their neighborhoods . Citizens for a children Society director Dr. Monica Migliorino Miller also states , " The defunding of Planned Parenthood is a matter of Planned Parenthood . Not a single cent of American tax dollars should go to an organization that kills innocent human life . " # ProtestPP # POTUS # maga , Until which time people have had enough of the attacks on our culture and way of life . Are you ready to stand ? pic . twitter .    —    Christian Warrior ( @gblair1987 ) February 11 , 2017 ,   # ProtestPP says that , contrary to Planned Parenthood ’s claims to be a provider of women ’s health care , it is " not a general health care service provider . "    activists are urging Congress and Trump to eliminate Planned Parenthood ’s funding and redirect it Planned Parenthood’s qualified health centers ( FQHCs Planned Parenthood’s that provide more comprehensive care for women and families , without providing abortions . I believe they are saying " planned Parenthood tells lies " activists ProtestPP # defundpp Planned Parenthood’s    Not sure pic . twitter .    —    Life Line ( @LifeLineMI ) February 11 , 2017 ,   The coalition also asserts , " [ F]raudulent Medicaid claims , fetal tissue harvesting , and documented health code violations show Planned Parenthood ’s systemic disregard for accountability to taxpayers . Planned Parenthood’s protests are taking place as the Republican Party has control of both chambers of Congress and the White House , and Dr. Tom Price   —    a    physician   —    has just been confirmed as the new secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services . Planned Parenthood and its supporters are also planning    Saturday as well . " Planned Parenthood …     we are a champion of one of the most radical ideas in history —   that a woman ’s body is her own . "   —   @dawnlaguens https :   a woman’s   pic . twitter .    —    Planned Parenthood ( @PPact ) February 10 , 2017 ,   " We are closer than we ’ve ever been to defunding Big Abortion —   Planned We . Now is the time for a groundswell of grassroots efforts , " comments Mark Harrington , national director of Created Equal . " We call on Congress and President Trump to reallocate those funds to health centers which help women without killing babies . " " Americans want to end taxpayer funding of abortion   —    that includes stopping taxpayer funding for the nation ’s largest abortion provider , Planned Parenthood , and ensuring any Obamacare replacement is    and does not allow tax dollars or tax credits to pay for health care plans that include abortion , " says Susan B. Anthony List President Marjorie Dannenfelser . " Planned Parenthood is a      business that has performed more than Planned Parenthood 000 abortions in the last three years for which data are available . They do not need or deserve taxpayer dollars , and redirecting their Planned Parenthood funding to rural and community health centers would be a Planned Parenthood for women ’s health . " Dannenfelser notes that FQHCs " outnumber Planned Parenthood facilities 20 to 1 Susan B. Anthony List President Marjorie Dannenfelser and provide far more services Planned Parenthood majority of Americans want taxpayer funding to go to real women ’s health care , not abortion . " " This Saturday , that majority will let their voices be heard at # ProtestPP gatherings nationwide , " she adds majority . @PPact Nationwide protests planned this weekend to defund America ’s Abortion Corporation . # ProtestPPhttps :   .    —    Live Action News ( @LiveActionNews ) February 11 , 2017 , 
 