The instances of law enforcement officials ignoring federal immigration detainers that would keep criminal illegal immigrants in custody is on the rise in Massachusetts . [ In a bombshell report by the Boston Herald , a review of the statistics reveals the increasing instances where local police in the    simply defy the Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) agency ’s detainers for illegal immigrants has vastly increased through the over the past few years .   The data , obtained from ICE by the Boston Herald , shows the Boston ICE office , which covers all of New England , saw 59 of its New England to hold arrested immigrants denied last year . That ’s up from 56 in 2015 and just 18 in 2014 . Meanwhile , the denial rate of ICE detainers nationally has plummeted , from 10 , 701 in 2014 and 8 , 546 in 2015 to 2 , 008 last last year In 2016 , the Herald revealed in a report that Massachusetts had deported the least number of illegal immigrants out of every state in the US , with just 26 . 9 percent of illegal immigrants being deported . Compare that percentage with the national average of illegal immigrants who are deported out of the country , 46 . 4 percent . The Herald the Herald denial to detain illegal immigrants until ICE can take custody has partly been due to the growing number of regions in the state that call themselves ‘ sanctuary cities’ and shield illegal immigrants from federal immigration law . The increase in    ICE denials coincides with the enactment of sanctuary policies in many cities that shield noncriminal immigrants from deportation , as well as state court decisions deeming that suspects can not be held without bail just because ICE has issued   ICE civil detainer request for them . But suspects not every law enforcement agency in Massachusetts is    with the    immigration trend . Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson said that by local authorities ignoring detainers on illegal immigrants from ICE , they   ICE breaking illegal immigrants from ICE    tradition of cooperation between local and federal officials . " It would completely go against the grain of what I believe we ought to be doing , " Hodgson told the Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson . " Which is supporting one another with resources , fulfilling the request when another agency identifies that this person is of concern based on what they see . " Hodgson has most Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson said he would help Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson a border wall , which    Donald Trump has promised to begin building after his inauguration , Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson inmates from his county ’s Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson , as Breitbart News reported . The sanctuary city game and local authorities’ refusal to work with federal immigration agencies could soon be coming to an end with Trump ’s oath   Donald Trump office just around the corner . Trump has repeatedly   Donald Trump that under his administration ,   Donald Trump cities will be stripped of federal funding if they continue to sanctuary cities federal immigration law . John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter John Binder @JxhnBinder .  
 