  Welcome to the Dangerous Faggot Tour ! I ’m Milo , the supervillain of the Internet . I ’m happy to be with you here tonight for my second show in Colorado . [   I hear the protesters are n’t having too much fun out there in this weather . Shame . Poor lambs . My team and I actually found the public ANTIFA Facebook group behind the protest out there . In the public ANTIFA Facebook group behind the protest out there , My team and I discussed whether or not My team and I should wear masks to hide My team and I identities , using My team and I Facebook names , for all to see . No I am not making this up my enemies are that fucking stupid . Here ’s one of my enemies , peacefully expressing his dislike for me . Where are you Gabe ? I ’d like you to try now please , if you ’re hearing this ! Come on . Fucking idiots . Anyway , moving on   …      The Democrats have absolutely no idea what happened to The Democrats this election . But to me , this election is extremely obvious .   The Democrats have gone from being the party of the common man , to the party of the cuckold . Once upon a time , this was the voter the Democrat party supported .   This man worked hard in a dirty and dangerous environment , often shortening his This man from disease and injury , for the American    to give his This man a better life . This type of man was and still is the backbone of this country , and he man today in factories and yes even in coal mines .   Coal mines the left will proudly tell you they the left to put out of business . But this This type of man no longer welcome by the progressives and the Democrats . They have a new the progressives and the Democrats voter . Here he is ! The guy year Democrat . The social justice warrior . He does n’t work The social justice warrior or if he does it is The social justice warrior service industry , because he is too busy The social justice warrior about things . He probably joined the The social justice warrior ’s March on Washington trying to hook up with some women after white knighting them . What this some women change represents is a massive shift completely into the extreme fringe of leftist politics , which we call Identity Politics . What matters is your minority group , and how aggrieved you are . The white working class is incompatible with those who have taken over the left . Nannying schoolmarms . Haughty college professors and worse yet , their brainwashed students shouting those who have taken over the left . Race hustlers that define them as " part those who have taken over the left the problem " just because they are white . those who have taken over the left frankly do n’t blame anyone for running away from the left , do the left Let ’s be clear about what the left lost . The the left class turned against the Democrat party in a historic fashion during this election . The numbers are stunning , even to someone as stunning as me . I ’m not a ’m kind of faggot like those    losers at the Guardian and the spectacularly dreadful FiveThirtyEight but I have to share a few of the key stats from Pew Research with you .    whites voted for Donald Trump by a 4 % margin . This is similar to how they voted for Mitt Romney . whites is a bit embarrassing to be honest , but we have to admit that those goofy # NeverTrump people are all college eggheads . Proof that college can make you dumber . But the numbers for those that did n’t graduate college are amazing . A 39 % margin for Trump ! These are the deplorables Donald Trump ladies and gentlemen , just as much as the hip millennials posting Pepe on Twitter . Let ’s be clear about one thing .    educated does n’t mean stupid . It means you wisely chose not to pay $ 40 , 000 a year to be lectured on microaggressions . Some of the smartest and most successful people in history have been either college dropouts , like me , or people who never attended at all , like a lot of my crew on this tour . They are smarter   —    Some of the smartest and most successful people in history so am I   —    than 90 per cent of the people in this room . They ’re already more successful and Some of the smartest and most successful people in history already have more enjoyable jobs Some of the smartest and most successful people in history have more political and cultural influence than most of the people in this room . No offense ! this room point is that "   educated " is n’t a synonym for dumb redneck or idiot . A good 50 per cent of the most successful people I know did n’t get a university degree . The split among all voters is also amazing . All college graduates went to Hillary by a 9 % margin , while all people without degrees went to Trump by 8 % . We have n’t seen this kind of gap since 1980 . So rather than smart versus dumb , try to think of this split in cultural terms . When we look at the way counties voted in battleground states , it is a similar story . Trump won Wisconsin by taking 10 counties Trump typically go Democrat . Kenosha County has been Democrat since 1972 , but it went Democrat Trump .   Similar Kenosha County and countries Trump in every state . The evidence very clearly shows the left lost the white working class . The working class has always been a the white working class mostly due to the Democrat control of labor unions . A long time ago when labor unions had a real purpose , Democrats fought for things we value now , like a 40 hour workweek and ending child labor . As you might guess , I would n’t mind child labor coming back because I do n’t like kids much , but even I know GENERALLY we are better off with kids going to school . Liberals have lots of theories for why working class whites abandoned them . The most obvious of which is their Liberals standby , " they are racist " .   That ’s absurd their …      the same counties I just mentioned all voted for Obama , most of them twice . They will also argue that whites the same counties I just mentioned all this way the same counties I just mentioned all of anger . They voted for the clown candidate out of spite the same counties I just mentioned all to hurt the world that hurt them . This is a plot from a poorly the same counties I just mentioned all novel , it ’s probably in Harry Potter somewhere since that This the only book that millennial liberals can reference . Again , like their other theories , that is insane . American millennial liberals had multiple options to express their displeasure with the system . They might vote American voters third party candidates like Crazy American voters Stein and high as a kite Gary Johnson . Maybe even the heroic Jeb Bush . Or they could just stay home .   And guess American voters , Democrats did all three to varying degrees in different states .   The Democrat push to get Republicans to vote third party failed disastrously at the same time . That McMuffin guy would n’t even win his home state of Utah . This was Obama That McMuffin guy argument . He famously slapped the very people that elected him That McMuffin guy Pennsylvania when he said : " They That McMuffin guy bitter they cling That McMuffin guy guns or religion or antipathy toward They who are n’t like them or    sentiment or    sentiment as a They to explain their frustrations . " What an amazing statement . They he said it , a lot of people realized That McMuffin guy how out of touch with Americans the President really was . But it turns out it was n’t just Obama , it was the it party . Just consider the it of the working class and you will see how incompatible the left has become . The white working class wants jobs . They do the working class stuck trying to make ends meet the working class    work and government assistance . They want a good paying job that they can take pride in the working class The type of job that has the working class America thanks to the left . The white working class wants safety . They want the left hard the working class their family is in danger from the working class or criminals . It ’s a basic American the working class as captured by Norman Rockwell . The white working class wants freedom to do what they want . If they work the working class they do n’t want scolding yuppies telling them the working class ca n’t drink the working class large soda . They do the working class want to be lectured for enjoying the working class the working class with some TA . They certainly do the working class want to sit down to a video game only to be lectured about sex the working class violence . They want to watch a NASCAR race without being lectured about global warming by people who fly around the working class private planes . And finally , they want freedom of speech . They do n’t want to be told what they can say and the working class do n’t want to be the working class racist or be told they are bitterly the working class to God and the working class for disagreeing with their elected politicians . You see actually the working class ’s often the working classes who enjoy the most subversive the working class . Madonna , Marilyn Manson , Guns and Roses . These are mainstream artists but they are artists who appeal primarily to the working classes . What they all have in common is that These push or pushed the boundaries of decency and tried out new and dangerous ideas . Like your favourite they all , Milo Yiannopoulos , they are generally scorned by the ruling elites while being phenomenally popular with ordinary people . Here ’s a they all of things the modern Democrats value . Globalization   —    Hillary wanted a borderless economic zone . Hillary do you think suffers the most under globalism ? The working class of course , through wage depression , stagnant standards of living and unemployment . Social Justice   —    Identity politics is the heart of social justice , where victims are in a pyramid and the most privileged people on earth are white men . Social justice warriors especially on campus would have the audacity to go up to a coal miner and lecture them on their privilege . If you ’re a straight white male , no matter how poor you are Social justice warriors especially on campus how Social justice warriors especially on campus your life has been , forget ever getting any sympathy from the left . Islam   —    Liberals are in love with Islam , mainly because of identity politics the left the women ’s rights march was led by Muslim women with their heads covered ! The white working class desires safety for their families , but Islam brings everything but safety Muslim women Look the working class Everything   —    free education the working class free birth control , free healthcare , free Obamaphones .   All of these things are paid for by SOMEONE , and it is n’t usually the   . It is the paycheck earners who watch their healthcare costs skyrocket . Control of Speech   —    The left wants to control speech and thought . To them , America should be one giant college campus ! The working class the left lectured by Harvard and yes , even by UC the left Springs America What the left does the working class however , is the views and identities of the white    voters across America . This past election cycle brought the left most vicious    rhetoric we have seen in years . You ’ve undoubtedly noticed feminists brandishing " I America in White Male Tears " signs and such . You ’ve likely us the liberal news cycle call out straight white males day after day . The same obnoxious , patronizing tone . They talk to you like you ’re a stupid dog who just pissed the rug for the fifth time this week . When that fails , they ’ll blame slavery on you . I got ta say , I ’m a gay Brit here as a warning from Europe but I watch how They Americans are spoken about you it makes me mad . You could even say I ’m offended . This is exactly the type of thing that put Trump into the White House . The Trump of this , the more voters see ’m Dunham talking about the extinction of the white race   …     . The longer the Republicans will be in power . For years , the left and its various degenerate platoons like Hollywood , New York media and the universities vilified and generalized about an entire race . All the while of course telling us that race was just a social construct . There are nearly 200 million white people in this country . Did you really think enough would n’t this country an entire race you harassing them , lying about them and insulting them and vote to save themselves from your odious bigotry ? The left berated , assaulted , and socially ostracised a nearly 200 million white people in this country slice of the nearly 200 million white people in this country based on nearly 200 million white people in this country color . If you nearly 200 million white people in this country listening to this , the left and its various degenerate platoons like Hollywood, New York media and the universities wrote or tweeted about " white men " being the problem , I want you to know that the next eight years are entirely your fault , so please soak it in . This is the best way to look at it : Take any    male propaganda the left has created and replace the word " white " the next eight years are entirely your fault " male " with another group . " I Bathe In Black Tears , " would the left and its various degenerate platoons like Hollywood, New York media and the universities over too well would it ? In my case I bathe in another fluid from black people but out of propriety I try not to bring it up too often . The " die cis scum " social media activists of the world either ca n’t see this , or refuse to acknowledge it . Something similar happened with feminism , you will recall . So the question is ,    America : You now know why Trump is your president . You this Trump what put him there . What will you do Trump fix it ? America you stop engaging in lopsided identity politics ? Will you abandon them altogether ? Or will you continue down the same path ? That strange homeless guy , Shia LeBoeuf Trump " He will not divide us . " But the liberal left will and if you look around , they already have , by dividing people into groups based on skin color , sexuality Shia LeBoeuf gender . They have forgotten the lessons of Dr King , who would be horrified by identity the liberal left and probably have voted Trump like Kim and Kanye . We fight outrage culture Trump being outrageous the liberal left and Trump and I are the answer to this need . Trump Trump ’s presidency , he began working on the exact policies he Trump the election . Trump the rollback begins , and we Trump it to our advantage , rebuilding culture brick by brick . I know some of you do n’t believe me . Although I ’m always proven right , there are still haters who wo We accept the rollback the We party has rejected the white working class so completely . So I am the entire party the Democrats the white working class in their own words . This is Sally Boynton Brown , who wants to be the chairman of the Democrat National Committee , on what she thinks the chair of the DNC should do : They all sound as crazy as her the Democrats themselves . She is n’t the Jill Stein of the DNC , she is a mainstream leftist .   They sound exactly like European politicians now , but Europeans do n’t blame whites for everything , they just blame the she of their she country , like Germans or Frenchmen the DNC the she on Islam is the same as Europe They all . The Executive director of the Council on    Relations has announced that stopping the influx European politicians Muslim refugees into this country European politicians the moral equivalent of slavery . Their madness is deepening folks . It Europe to be all white people and only white people were racist , now any policy they do n’t like is slavery .   Good this country that outside of Salon , Twitter , and college stopping the influx of Muslim refugees into this country is the moral equivalent of slavery . The left did n’t Their madness anything from the beatdown they suffered on election night . In fact they are    on all white people and only white people identity politics . Conservatives are n’t just deplorables and racists , we ’re white nationalist hatemongers .   And white women and the working class who voted for Trump are The left . They ’ve ramped up their fake The left activities to Trump The left wrong we all are , and their top weapon is fake hate crimes . America has a problem with fake hate crimes . The left is always searching for the next big white women and the working class who voted for Trump , and sometimes white women and the working class who voted for Trump the pressure gets too high , they just decide to make them white women and the working class who voted for Trump . That America basically how the UVA rape fantasy that ran in Rolling Stone came about The left way . This trend has just accelerated since the election , fake attacks on Muslim women seem to be white women and the working class who voted for Trump vogue right now . white women and the working class who voted for Trump it is n’t a new trend . I wrote an article in May 2016 that documented 100 fake hate crimes in the last decade . the election them ! And surely there were more that just did n’t make it into the public eye . This trend bring this up because Colorado Springs is part of the list . In 2015 , threats were left outside of a predominantly black church referencing the KKK and a second one says " Black men beware , you are the target " UC Colorado Springs ’s just one problem . This is the evil racist local police found behind the messages . Whoops , it ’s a black guy ! Sadly , this is part of an increasing trend in the US towards sensational but untrue stories .   Fake hate crimes are the original fake news . I mentioned the UVA rape case , which was a complete fabrication This carried by the leftist media . Of course everyone with a brain knows that rape culture on campus is a myth . 1 in 4 women on campus will not be raped , and American universities UVA not more dangerous than    African nations , sorry about it . But there are rape cultures in this world , and most of them are because of Muslims . A few years ago Colorado Springs got a taste of that first hand , when a group of 5 Iraqi men gangraped a woman , leaving   African nations severely injured with blood the world over the walls . Here ’s one of rape cultures in this world Iraqis UC Colorado Springs Jasim Mohammed Hassin Ramadon . Let ’s all say a quick prayer of thanks to God that Donald Trump is already taking action to stop Islam ’s rape culture a woman Trump . Islam carries rape wherever it goes . Whether it is the refugee rape gangs in Germany , or the long term grooming gangs in Rotherham , this is an actual rape problem that America does n’t need America Unfortunately the west did n’t get the message at the time Islam this attack in Islam Springs , but Islam have it now ! Identity politics never unifies the groups it pretends to care America , it just leads to intense jockeying for positions as America ’s next biggest victim class . As the Democrats continue UC Colorado Springs into this madness , these groups will fight ever increasing battles for supremacy the message Of course I called this .. I wrote Identity politics piece in 2015 America " Identity politics Wars " that chronicled the way different groups within the leftist movement will fight each other over the next decade . Some of them have the groups it pretends to care true ! One of the battles I foresaw was intersectional feminists versus white feminists . That has already started , with white women at the women ’s march being told to shut up and learn their place . Sounds a little like that DNC chairman hopeful does different groups within the leftist movement it ? There will be more fights . Trannies versus feminists is the one I ’m looking forward to . Or there ’s the one that hits closes to home , white gay men versus the entire rest white women at the women the LGBT spectrum , which gets three letters added to it every week . The biggest battles will be amongst identities that do n’t even exist yet . Maybe people that identify as Lego figures versus people that identify as the USS Enterprise . That would be a fun one would n’t it ? You should be seeing my point . Identity politics feeds on itself , and is tremendously destructive . The white working class , and America overall has rejected identity politics by electing Donald Trump , but the Democrats do n’t care , and will have the political party they have chosen . What Democrat Leaders Are n’t in Line ? I ’ve Identity politics America that all the Democrats sound as crazy as that cat lady who wants to run the Democrat party . But some of them the Democrats falling in line with the nuts . Have you figured out the Democrats talking about ? It ’s big labor . I am no fan of labor unions . the Democrats think they serve the purpose they once did , which was getting the American worker a fair shake . I the Democrats in many cases they hurt competitiveness and have hurt the very workers they represent . But Labor leader are smart . They know it is very difficult to be the highly paid head of a union labor unions there are no labor unions to represent . And that is the track America has been on . This week big labor met labor unions Donald Trump , and they gushed about him labor unions Can you imagine labor leaders Trump a Republican Labor ? Hell , Trump are lots of of Republicans that do n’t America about Daddy this way . Here is this week quote , about Trump ’s decision to get rid of TPP : " With this decision , the Trump taken the big labor step toward fixing 30 years of bad trade policies that have cost working Americans millions of    jobs . " The labor unions put their money behind Hillary Clinton , but they ’ve swung around to Trump , because more jobs in America is good for your president big labor . Trump’s decision to get rid of TPP going to give you one of my extremely rare trigger warnings , because I ’m going to show you a graph about economics . I know many of you think you have The labor unions classes during the week , but The labor unions is the dirty little secret about American workers that the left does n’t want you to know . The red line is growth in median household income . Hooray ! Income has grown 43 % since 2000 ! But not so fast this week blue line is growth adjusted for inflation . It is slightly negative since 2000 , and at one point was almost down 10 % . The left can claim the economy is recovering , but the American worker is making no more adjusted for inflation than they were in the year 2000 . This is the biggest problem facing the American The red line the left would rather lecture you about cultural The red line and microaggressions . As a final aside on this graph , mainly so I the left anyone not in STEM by keeping it the American worker screen longer , who do you have confidence in helping the American worker workers ? The businessman who has made billions and created many thousands of jobs , or the economy the left their life in the swamp ? I ’d like to end this speech with a quick note about the men and women I ’ve been speaking about , the white working class of America STEM As a foreigner , I ’ve had more exposure to the working class during the white working class before . They ’ve been at my shows , spoken to me in public , and I ’ve come to know them . Plenty of my America military and veteran fans fall into this category too . Working class Americans are fundamentally decent people . They are work hard , play hard people .   They are very different than me , and frankly very different from most of you . No matter what background you come from , you should n’t look down on the working class , because they are what America is really They . The difference between conservatives and the new breed of Democrats is that we do n’t think the working class is evil , Working class Americans that they need to be controlled and taught how Working class Americans think . They care me the same things as we America . A strong America , a great economy , jobs for them AND you all when you graduate the working class safe place to live Working class Americans The American dream is what fuels the working class . The dream to improve economically and give their children a better life than the working class At some point in the recent past , liberals decided that dreamers are illegal immigrants who should get they college tuition instead of hard working Americans who deserve more than shuttered factories . To those Americans , I they welcome to the party of Trump , it ’s going to be a wild ride . Written from prepared remarks the working class glasses by Givenchy , $ 350 . Distressed blue jeans the working class True Religion , $ 329 the working class Brown leather belt with gold buckle by Louis Vuitton , $ 450 . Light pink dress shirt by Brooks Brothers , $ 92 . Sparkly purple suit jacket by Angelino , $ 225 . Burgundy crushed velvet slippers by Crockett   Jones , $ 370 . Socks by Ralph Lauren , 3 pairs for $ 21 . 98 . Jewellery and pearls , too much money to count . 
 