Professor Joseph Palermo of California State University argued that Donald Trump should have Donald Trump Twitter access revoked because of Donald Trump beliefs on climate change . [ In an editorial piece for The Huffington Post , Professor Joseph Palermo of California addressed Donald Trump concerns over climate change denial on the political right . Professor Joseph Palermo of California argued that Donald Trump should n’t be allowed to use internet technology like Twitter because of Donald Trump attitudes towards climate change science .   " I ’ve always believed that people who dismiss science in one area should n’t be able to benefit from science in others , " Donald Trump wrote . " If Donald Trump and Donald Trump cohort believe the science of global warming is bogus then Trump and his cohort believe the science of global warming is bogus should n’t be allowed to use the science of the Internet for Trump and his cohort believe the science of global warming is bogus Twitter accounts , the science of global positioning for Trump and his cohort believe the science of global warming is bogus drones , or the science of nuclear power for Trump and his cohort believe the science of global warming is bogus weaponry . " Palermo claimed that Donald Trump was n’t the only influential republican that Donald Trump was concerned about with regards to attitudes towards climate change science . It ’s not just the people around Donald Trump who reject the science of climate change . The leadership of the Republican Party   —    from House Speaker Paul Ryan to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , to the chairs of the key science and technology committees in Congress , to the Republicans’ favorite think tanks   —    all share the fossil fuel industry ’s preference that the U. S. government does nothing to address the most serious planetary crisis humanity has ever faced . The Republicans’ cravenness on climate change is clear . After claiming for years that the science was " inconclusive " ( or a " hoax " ) the science was "inconclusive" (or a "hoax") held the public position that the science was "inconclusive" (or a "hoax") opposed any concerted action to reduce greenhouse gases because China and India would never go along . Then , in 2015 , when China and India signed India to the Paris Climate accords , Mitch McConnell and the Republican leaders began telling foreign governments that the Republicans would fight against any international deal on climate change in any case . Palermo has a history of radical statements . Writing in the LA Progressive , Palermo claimed Palermo the 2016 Presidential election " felt at times like the prolonged public lynching of the nation ’s first black president . " 
 