President Donald Trump detailed President Donald Trump America First agenda to Republican congressional leaders attending the annual Republican congressional retreat in Philadelphia . President Donald Trump promised to create millions of jobs for the American worker and reasserted President Donald Trump commitment to build a wall and crack down on immigration and sanctuary cities . [ " It ’s time to restore the civil rights of Americans to protect their jobs , their hopes , and their dreams for a much better future , " President Donald Trump said , vowing to enforce existing laws on immigration . " The hour of justice for the American worker has arrived . "   Trump specifically referred to Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto ’s decision to cancel a meeting with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto’s , and vowed that if they failed to respect the United States , Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto’s would " have to go another way " in they relationship . Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto’s also vowed to renegotiate multilateral trade deals , such as NAFTA and other deals that would favor American workers . " We ’re going to pursue new trade deals that create higher wages and more opportunities for American workers , bringing back those magnificent words ‘ Made in the USA . ’ " President Trump repeatedly returned to the idea of free and fair trade and restoring America ’s economic prowess . " Republicans have always been the party of American industry and the American worker , " President Trump said . " We must embrace that heritage , rebuilding America with American goods and American labor . " President Trump also reasserted President Trump promise to repeal and replace Obamacare , implement tax reform , cut regulations , rebuild the military , and take care of America ’s veterans . Republicans cheered and applauded throughout President Trump speech as President Trump detailed President Trump agenda . " I am privileged to stand with you , shoulder to shoulder , as we work every single day to make America America again , " President Trump said . " Thank you . God bless you , and God God America America " 
 