After President Trump ’s administration announced it would toss out an    amnesty program for up to five million illegal aliens ,    immigration hawks are cheering as immigration hawks have a    hope in the White House . [ In a joint statement , Department of Homeland Security Secretary ( DHS ) John Kelly and Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced that the Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents ( DAPA ) amnesty program would officially be tossed out .   Immigration patriots say that are " thrilled " by the major immigration decision . " NumbersUSA and NumbersUSA 8 million activists are thrilled that John Kelly John Kelly rescinded the DAPA amnesty , partially fulfilling one of President Trump ’s key campaign promises , " NumebersUSA ’s Chris Chmielenski said in a statement . Chmielenski NumebersUSA’s Chris Chmielenski that by the Trump administration ending the DAPA amnesty program , American workers have been spared having to compete with more immigrants in a scarce American job market . " Although this unconstitutional executive amnesty had been temporarily blocked by the courts , it this unconstitutional executive amnesty had been temporarily blocked by the courts to issue 5 million new work permits to illegal aliens who would mostly compete with    American workers who still face    unemployment rates and declining wages , " Chmielenski continued . Breitbart Texas covered the trial in South Texas in Judge Andrew Hanen where the judge not only blocked the order but had harsh words for Obama Administration lawyers . President of the Federation for American Immigration Reform ( FAIR ) Dan Stein praised Trump ’s decision to end DAPA as a win for the rule of law . " Yesterday ’s action by the administration also acknowledges that granting de facto amnesty to millions of people who knowingly violated U. S. immigration laws is also bad public policy that harms the interests of the American people and encourages more illegal immigration , " Stein said in a statement . " Many working class Americans voted for President Trump because of his President Trump to combat illegal immigration and secure U. S. jobs for American workers . They Many working class Americans the major beneficiaries of this action . " Though the Trump President Trump kept their the Trump administration on throwing out the    amnesty program , it the   amnesty program been less active in ending the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) program , which essentially gives amnesty to young illegal aliens . In his statement praising Trump , Chmielenski asked the White House to keep their the White House promise and end the the   amnesty program " We hope President Trump now will keep his entire promise President Trump ordering an end to the Obama Administration ’s other unconstitutional amnesty , the DACA program which continues to issues new work permits to those here illegally , " Chmielenski said . Chmielenski issued a similar statement on DACA , saying DACA program was the   amnesty program legally questionable and hurtful to Americans as DAPA . " Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) granted to more than 780 , 000 illegal aliens who arrived in the U. S. as minors , was a similar example of an executive overreach that was based on the same flawed legal principle , " Stein said . " Stein , DACA raises the same DACA questions that ultimately resulted in the termination of DAPA . This calls DAPA question the legitimacy of DACA as well . DACA John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at John Binder . 
 