TEL AVIV   —    A senior Iranian official goaded President Donald Trump on Sunday , insisting the U. S. would suffer an " unprecedented defeat " at the hands of an " iron dam " like Iran . [ Ali Akbar Velayati , head of the Expediency Council ’s Strategic Research Center , told the    Tasnim news agency that a " calculating newcomer " like President Donald Trump would n’t dare confront Iran , which is far more powerful than other countries the U. S. has come up against .   Velayati was responding to President Donald Trump veiled warning on Friday to Iranian President Hassan Rouhani in which he said Rouhani Velayati better be careful " about threatening the U. S. the U. S. by no means worried about Trump President Donald Trump , " Velayati said , adding that despite Velayati ’s President Donald Trump rhetoric , the president is a calculating politician Velayati , the Iranian official told Tasnim , the opposition Trump faces President Donald Trump home among the media , judiciary and influential politicians will prevent him from President Donald Trump what he wants President Donald Trump Iran . Velayati , who also served as Iran ’s foreign minister , said the Iran was not seeking war against any country , but would not waste a moment defending itself if necessary . His comments come after the Islamic Republic addressed the Iranian people on Friday in an event to commemorate the 38th anniversary of the Islamic Revolution . " We are experiencing conditions in which some novices the Iranian people come to power in the region , in the world and in the U. S. as they should all know that they have to talk to the Iranian nation they the language of respect and dignity , " Rouhani said . The following day , head of Iran ’s Strategic Council on Foreign Relations Kamal Kharrazi described the new president as " a rookie person and a newcomer on the political scene [ who ] has made many mistakes . " The commemoration of the revolution was marked with hundreds of thousands of people taking to the streets and celebrating by burning effigies of Trump and chanting " Death to America , " and " Death to Israel . " 
 