Several congressional Democrats reportedly plan to bring Muslim clients of the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) and recipients of former President Barack Obama ’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) program to President Donald Trump ’s first joint address to Congress Tuesday evening . [ According to the Hill , several of the Muslim ACLU clients these Democratic lawmakers are taking as these Democratic lawmakers guests Tuesday evening have been affected by President Donald Trump temporary travel ban .   Rep. Judy Chu ( ) is reportedly bringing Sara Yarjani , an Iranian graduate student who was detained for 23 hours at Los Angeles International Airport and later deported Rep. Nydia Velázquez ( ) will bring Hameed Darweesh , an Iraqi who was detained for 18 hours at New York ’s John F. Kennedy International Airport last month Rep. Jim Langevin ’s ( ) guest is Dr. Ehsun Mirza , a Muslim American immigrant Rep. Jan Schakowsky ( ) will host Suzanne Akhras Sahloul , founder of the Syrian Community Network and Rep. Pramila Jayapal ( ) will bring Aneelah Afzali , founder of the American Muslim Empowerment Network ( AMEN ) as her guest Rep. Jim Langevin Sen. Dick Durbin ( ) who sponsored the BRIDGE Act , which seeks to continue President Barack Obama ’s DACA policy , has invited a Muslim American DACA recipient as his guest a Muslim American DACA recipient stands for " Bar Removal of Individuals who Dream and Grow Our Economy Act . " Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) also sponsored the bill . a Muslim American DACA recipient Politico , Durbin invited Aaima Sayed , a medical student whose parents brought her to the U. Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) when she was three , Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) the address . " Would the United States be better off if Aaima is deported to Pakistan , where she has n’t lived Aaima she was a toddler Aaima instead of using her talent as a Aaima to help    Americans ? The answer is clear , " Durbin reportedly said in a statement . He added , " Durbin am honored to host this gifted young medical student as my guest . I hope her presence reminds President Aaima what ’s at stake in the debate over DACA : the lives of more than 750 , 000 innocent young people and the    of entire communities . " According to the Migration Policy Institute , 67 percent of    individuals in the United States come from Mexico , five percent come from Guatemala , three percent from El Salvador , another three percent come from Korea , and two percent hail from Honduras . Politico reported that other Democrats who plan to bring DACA recipients to Trump ’s address include Rep. Jerrold Nadler ( ) Rep. Jared Polis ( ) and Rep. Mark Pocan ( ) . During a recent press conference , Trump said , " Trump ’re gon na other Democrats who plan to bring DACA recipients to Trump’s address include Rep. Jerrold Nadler ( ) Rep. Jared Polis ( ) and Rep. Mark Pocan ( ) great heart . DACA is a very DACA very difficult subject for me . " He Trump , " DACA me , it ’s Trump of DACA most difficult subjects I have because you have these incredible kids .    …      I love these kids . I these incredible kids . I have kids and grandkids . And I find it very , very hard doing what the law says exactly to do , and , you know , the law is rough . the law Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz . 
 