Longtime Trump opponent Sen. John McCain ( ) added Longtime Trump opponent Sen. John McCain ( ) added his voice to the chorus of alarm Tuesday in the wake of a New York Times report on an alleged memo from   Director James Comey voice to the chorus of alarm Tuesday in the wake of a New York Times report on an alleged memo from    Director James Comey . [ " We ’ve seen this movie before , " Longtime Trump opponent Sen. John McCain ( ) added his voice to the chorus of alarm Tuesday in the wake of a New York Times report on an alleged memo from   Director James Comey told CBS News ’s Bob Schieffer . " I think this movie ’s reaching the point where this movie ’s of Watergate size and scale   …      this movie ’s a centipede that the shoe continues to drop . "    " Every couple of days , there ’s a new aspect of this really unhappy situation   …      None of us , no matter what us political leanings are , no matter how us feel about Trump , feel this is not good for America , " McCain added . The comments are the harshest yet from the GOP side of the aisle and come as some Democrats are openly calling for President Donald Trump impeachment over the " Comey Memo . " Rep. Al Green ( ) did so on the House floor Tuesday morning . The comments add to rumblings among certain other Republicans on Capitol Hill who have signaled their willingness Republicans abandon Trump over the allegations in Comey ’s memo and reports of discussion of classified information with Russian diplomats . The Hill Capitol Hill Capitol Hill the Comey Memo was causing more GOPers to try and detach their legislative agenda more GOPers the president . President Trump’s been a President Trump’s of the Russian    narrative , and a central figure in Senate hearings on the issue . He expressed his dismay President Trump’s President President Trump’s ’s decision to dismiss Comey last week . The    senator and 2008 GOP nominee for president has been a pillar of    Republicans since shortly after Trump ’s announcement in President Trump’s the two became embroiled in a controversy over Trump ’s comment on McCain President Trump’s as a Vietnam POW . " Never Trump " commentator Bill Kristol even called for McCain to intervene as an independent McCain on the eve of the 2016 Republican National Convention . McCain ’s opposition to Russia ’s McCain’s ambitions , dating back to the Cold War era , has played a central role in his political career . In his McCain bid for the presidency McCain McCain famously wrote that " we McCain all Georgians " in advocating a stronger American response to the contemporaneous Russian military intervention in the small Caucasian state . He similarly called for the United McCain to provide military aid to Ukraine in 2014 . Although he stopped well short of calling McCain impeachment or resignation , the ultimate fate of President Richard Nixon in the 1970s scandal he referenced , McCain ’s appraisal McCain the situation fits neatly into an emerging mainstream media narrative that Trump ’s actions rise to an equivalent level . 
 