The White House tried very hard Friday to send a clear message that the success of President Donald Trump ’s tax and infrastructure agenda does not turn on the fate of the Obamacare replacement bill . [ House Speaker Paul Ryan , only minutes after pulling House Speaker Paul Ryan health care bill , appeared to at least partially contradict that .   " Yes . This does make tax reform more difficult , " House Speaker Paul Ryan said . " But This does not in any way make This impossible . " Even though House Speaker Paul Ryan went on to say the House would " proceed with tax reform , " House Speaker Paul Ryan appeared to be far less optimistic than the two top Trump administration economic officials who spoke earlier on Friday . the House budget director Mick Mulvaney and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin both had essentially the same message Friday morning : plans for tax reform , job creation , trade deals , and infrastructure spending remain intact regardless of what happen to the health care bill . Standing on the White the House Friday morning Friday morning told CNBC that President Trump decided to stop negotiating with lawmakers over the healthcare bill the health care bill has other things President Trump wants to do . President Trump " He wants to get tax President Trump done . He wants an infrastructure bill President Trump . He ’s got other jobs President Trump moving through the White House , " Mulvaney said .   Mulvaney Mulvaney on to say Mulvaney the White House does not the White House will turn " one way or the other " based on the fate of the Obamacare replacement bill . Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin Friday morning said passing a    overhaul would be easier than replacing Obamacare . " In a way , it ’s a lot simpler , " a   overhaul said at an event sponsored by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin . " In health care , it ’s a much , much more a   overhaul issue . " The administration is close to completing its tax reform proposal , according to The administration . He said that the proposal Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin be Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin at delivering its tax reform proposal cut for the middle class and would include reforms to both personal and corporate taxes . The administration would push to get Congress The administration a tax bill before the August recess , Mnuchin said . Many in the business Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and on Wall Street have recently voiced concerns that tax reform might be stalled until 2018 or even later . Mnuchin also spoke about the administration ’s Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin spending plan , saying The administration most of the $ 1 Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin to be financed primarily by private capital backed by    and    partnerships . 
 