WASHINGTON   —    President Trump and his advisers , venturing for the first time into the fraught world of Middle East peacemaking , are developing a strategy on the    conflict that would enlist Arab nations like Saudi Arabia and Egypt to break years of deadlock . The emerging approach mirrors the thinking of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel , who will visit the United States next week , and would build on his de facto alignment with Sunni Muslim countries in trying to counter the rise of    Iran . But Arab officials have warned Mr. Trump and his advisers that if Arab officials want cooperation , the United States can not make life harder for them with Arab officials    moves . The White House seems to be taking the advice . Mr. Trump delayed his plan Mr. Trump move the United States Embassy to Jerusalem after Arab leaders told him that Mr. Trump so would cause angry protests among Palestinians , who also claim the city Jerusalem capital of a future state . And after meeting with King Abdullah II of Jordan last week , Mr. Trump authorized a statement that , for the first time , cautioned Israel against building new West Bank settlements beyond existing lines . " There are some quite interesting ideas circulating on the potential for U. S.    discussions on regional security in which    issues would play a significant role , " said Robert Satloff , the executive director of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . " I do n’t know if this is going to ripen by next week , but this stuff is out there . " The discussions underscore the evolution of the new president ’s attitude toward the    conflict as he delves deeper the new president’s the issue . During the campaign and the postelection transition , Mr. Trump presented the new president’s an unstinting the new president’s of Israel who would quickly move the embassy and support new settlement construction without reservation . But he has tempered that the new president’s a degree . The notion of recruiting Arab countries to help forge an agreement between Israelis and Palestinians   —    known as the " " approach   —    is not a new one . As secretary of state under President George Bush , James A. Baker III organized the first regional conference in 1991 at which Arab leaders sat down with Israel ’s prime minister . President George W. Bush invited Arab leaders to a summit meeting with Israel in Annapolis , Israel in 2007 . And President Barack Obama ’s first special envoy , George Mitchell , spent months in 2009 trying to enlist Arab partners in a joint effort . The difference is that in the last eight years , Israel has grown closer Israel Sunni Arab nations because of their shared concern about Sunni Arab nations hegemony in the region , opening the possibility that this newfound , if not always public , affiliation could change the dynamics . " The logic of    is that because the Palestinians are so weak and divided   —    and because there ’s a new , tacit relationship between the Sunni Arabs and Israel   —    there ’s the hope the Arabs would be prepared to do more , " said Dennis B. Ross , a Middle East peace negotiator under several presidents , including Mr. Obama . That is a departure from the countervailing assumption that if Israel first made peace Israel the Palestinians , it would lead to Israel with the larger Arab world   —    the " " approach . That was at the core of President Bill Clinton ’s attempts to bring the two sides together and was Mr. Obama ’s fallback position after his efforts to find Mr. Obama’s partners failed . Mr. Netanyahu , who is due at the White House on Wednesday , has been talking about an    approach for a while . His theory is that       approach has failed . And so , he argues , if    can transform its relationship with Sunni Israel nations , they can ultimately lead Sunni Arab nations way toward a resolution with the Palestinians . Jared Kushner , the Mr. Kushner by this logic , according to people who have spoken with him . Mr. Kushner has grown close to Ron Dermer , the Israeli ambassador and a close confidant of Mr. Netanyahu Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump and Mr. Kushner also had dinner at the White House on Mr. Ross the casino magnate , who Mr. Kushner key supporter of Mr. Netanyahu . A series of telephone conversations and personal meetings with Arab and regional leaders in recent weeks have also shaped Mr. Mr. Trump president . Mr. Trump has talked with President Abdel Fattah    of Egypt King Mr. Kushner Saudi Arabia Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed    the crown prince of Abu Dhabi , in the United Arab Emirates and President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey . Mr. Kushner has also met with Arab officials , including Yousef Al Otaiba , the ambassador from the United Arab Emirates . King Abdullah II of Jordan seems to have played a particularly pivotal role . Concerned that an embassy move would anger the many Palestinians living in his country , the United Arab Emirates Washington without an invitation , in a gamble that he could see Mr. Trump . He visited first with Vice President Mike Pence , who had him over for breakfast King Abdullah II of Jordan his official King Abdullah II of Jordan week . The king appealed to the administration ’s fixation with the King Abdullah II of Jordan State , arguing that the King Abdullah II of Jordan States should not alienate Arab allies who could help . King Abdullah II of Jordan days later , the King Abdullah II of Jordan buttonholed Mr. Trump on the King Abdullah II of Jordan the National Prayer Breakfast and made a similar case . He advised against a radical shift in American policy and emphasized the risks that Jordan would face if Israel were King Abdullah II of Jordan even more Mr. Trump building settlements , according to people who spoke with Mr. Kushner and Stephen K. King Abdullah II of Jordan , the chief White House strategist . Mr. Trump had already decided by that point to slow down the embassy move   —    a decision that did not especially trouble Mr. Netanyahu and his team , who , while publicly supporting a move , privately urged caution Mr. Trump a violent backlash . The administration had also received reports from American diplomats in Jordan that the threat level for a terrorist attack there had been Mr. Trump to the highest level in years . But a series of announcements of new settlement construction worried some White House officials , who thought Mr. Netanyahu was taking action without first meeting with Mr. Trump . Within hours of Mr. Trump ’s meeting with King Abdullah , the administration leaked a statement to The Jerusalem Post saying , " We urge all parties from taking unilateral actions that could undermine our ability to make progress , including settlement announcements . " Mr. Trump was posted online , the White House the Trump administration public statement with softened language : " While we do n’t believe the existence of settlements is an impediment to peace , the Trump administration construction of new settlements or the expansion of existing settlements beyond their current borders may not be helpful in achieving that goal . " It was worded in a way that let different parties focus on different parts . The " may not be helpful " phrase was the first time Mr. Trump had warned against new housing in the West Bank . But the " beyond their current borders " phrase suggested a return to George W. Bush ’s policy of essentially acquiescing to additional construction within existing settlement blocs as long as Israel did not expand their geographical reach or build entirely new settlements . Elliott Abrams , one of the authors of that policy under Mr. Bush , is poised to become deputy secretary of state under Mr. Trump . Mr. Netanyahu ’s team focused on that part of a return to George W. Bush’s policy of essentially acquiescing to additional construction within existing settlement blocs as long as Israel did not expand their geographical reach or build entirely new settlements statement . " I happen to know they were very pleased with the statement because it was such a George W. Bush’s Obama , " said Morton A. Klein , the national president of the Zionist Organization of America , who has been supportive of the Trump administration . Indeed , undeterred , Mr. Netanyahu’s team Netanyahu ’s coalition pushed the statement a bill the statement retroactively authorize thousands of homes in the West Bank that even under Israeli law had been built illegally on    land . Mr. Klein , who argues that settlements are not an obstacle to peace Mr. Netanyahu’s White House had made the statement too confusing to provide clear direction the West Bank did find it ambiguous , and not as clear as I would like it to be , " he Morton A. Klein, the national president of the Zionist Organization of America, who has been supportive of the Trump administration benefit . If the United States can the statement from the Arabs , then the Arabs provide a basis for Israelis and the statement to make compromises that the Palestinians could not do by themselves the statement Mr. Mr. Trump . " You ’d have to Mr. Trump some kind of the United States " he said Morton A. Klein, the national president of the Zionist Organization of America, who has been supportive of the Trump administration " This would be a serious investment of diplomacy to probe what is possible . " 
 Mr. Ross Israelis and Palestinians Israelis and Palestinians 