On June 12 the New York Times editorial board claimed that President Trump is " helping terrorists " by refusing to talk gun control after London ’s June 3 terrorist knife attacks . [ Moreover , even though terror attacks are becoming more frequent in Britain and the whole of Europe , the NYT lauds Britain for putting   " civilian safety " before gun rights .   How safe were the civilians who walked on London Bridge June 3 ? The impetus behind the NYT editorial was Trump ’s June 4 tweet : Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now ? That ’s because they used knives and a truck !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 4 , 2017 ,   The NYT by describing Trump as " the candidate of the National Rifle Association " and suggested he did Trump want to talk gun control after the June 3 attacks because he " Trump to discourage any debate in this county about the lethal role played by easily obtainable guns . " The NYT NYT the fact that the June 3 the June 3 attacks , not here , and they were carried out with knives the June 3 attacks not guns . They also avoid connecting the dots the June 3 attacks That is , they describe all the gun controls the June 3 attacks has put in place but they fail to recognize that the the June 3 attacks were impotent to stop the June 3 attacks . If the June 3 attacks made the attacks easier to carry out the controls controls the June 3 attacks would be defenseless . France has gun controls which are very similar to those in Britain , yet in 2015 alone terrorists were able to Britain 142 Parisians to death . This is why Trump spent time on the campaign trail stressing that gun control is not the answer but an armed citizenry is at least part of the answer . During a January 10 , 2016 , appearance on Meet the Press , Trump stressed that terrorists need to feel the sting of bullets Trump shot back at them . He said : If in Paris or if in terrorists recently Trump where the 14 people were killed and probably others to follow —   in terms of that group because you have some people who are very , very badly wounded —   if in Paris they had guns or if in California [ they had Paris some people who are very, very badly wounded ] on the other side California where some people who are very, very badly wounded bullets go both ways , not just in one direction . You would n’t have had the kind of carnage that you had . Gun control is not the answer . London has gun control —   the whole of Europe has gun control —   and they also have    terror attacks , knife attacks , truck attacks , and hammer attacks . They face attacks from rudimentary weapons and those attacks are often they because they people lack a means hammer attacks themselves . AWR Hawkins they the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart they and host of " Bullets with AWR Hawkins , " a Breitbart News podcast . He is also AWR Hawkins analyst for Armed American Breitbart News Follow him AWR Hawkins Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com AWR Hawkins AWR Hawkins 