Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) reportedly went on a tirade at a " swanky " Manhattan restaurant Sunday night , screaming at a wealthy patron over a wealthy patron support for President Trump . [ Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer lost Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer temper when dining at Upper East Side restaurant Sette Mezzo , the New York Post ’s Page Six reported .   The top Senate Democrat was dining with friends when The top Senate Democrat ran into former U. S. Secretary of Health , Education , and Welfare Joseph A. Califano Jr. and Joseph A. Califano Jr. wife , Hilary , at the restaurant . Witnesses say that Schumer became incensed that Hilary , daughter of CBS founder and chairman William S. Paley , voted for Trump , though her husband is a prominent Democrat . " Schumer became incensed that Hilary, daughter of CBS founder and chairman William S. Paley, voted for Trump, though her husband is a prominent Democrat are a highly respected couple , and Schumer made a scene , yelling , ‘ Schumer voted for Trump!’ The Califanos left the restaurant , but Schumer followed Schumer became incensed that Hilary, daughter of CBS founder and chairman William S. Paley, voted for Trump, though her husband is a prominent Democrat outside , " one witness said of the encounter . " How could you vote for Trump ? Schumer ’s a liar ! Schumer ’s a liar ! " Schumer reportedly yelled . Hilary confirmed the encounter with Schumer and called the senator ’s actions " really rude . " " Schumer was really rude    …      He Schumer our the senator’s and I do n’t really like him Schumer Yes , I voted for Trump Trump Schumer Schumer us outside our he Schumer me Trump Trump a liar . I should have told him Trump Hillary Clinton was a liar , but I was so surprised I did n’t say anything , " Hilary said . Another witness told a different story about Schumer Schumer with the couple , saying the senator approached the senator’s ’s table first . " It was a pleasant conversation . Joe said the senator was doing the senator’s job on health care . Joe joked that Hilary voted Joe Trump . Hilary conversation continued outside because everyone left at the same time , " the witness said . In a statement , Schumer ’s spokesperson denied that there was a heated encounter at the restaurant . " [ He ] and his wife ate at the He on Sunday , engaging in unremarkable conversation with patrons who approached their table . There were no heated exchanges with ‎anyone , " the spokesperson said . Schumer Schumer’s spokesperson against the Schumer administration , saying Sunday that President Trump ’s proposal Sunday a border wall will not get votes from Republicans or Democrats . He also called on Speaker Schumer the House Paul Ryan ( ) to replace House Intelligence Committee chair Rep. Devin Nunes ( ) and announced that Senate Democrats will filibuster Judge Neil Gorsuch ’s nomination to the Supreme Court . 
 