President Donald Trump did not get funding for President Donald Trump wall in the recent budget agreement with Democrats , but the White House is arguing that the White House did get funding for " wall " fencing . [ In a debate with Breitbart News , the White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer claimed that Republicans did get funding for a " wall , " pointing to existing photos of fences with bollard style steel construction and " levee walls . "   " That is called a bollard wall , " he White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer to Breitbart Breitbart News pointing to photos he displayed White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer a screen . " That is called a levee wall . " Spicer refused White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer describe his fence White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer as Trump ’s promised wall , but assured them that his fence photos would be effective in protecting the border . He told White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer that the fencing was endorsed by DHS Secretary John Kelly . Kelly has DHS Secretary John Kelly large bollard fencing to help secure the border the border he has also DHS Secretary John Kelly the idea of " a concrete wall " on the border . the border are places along the border , and the border offer to you , down in the southern Rio Grande valley , where a wall , a concrete wall , makes all the sense in the world , " he told Bloomberg News in DHS Secretary John Kelly . " There are other places where a    wall , say a large bollard , if you will , fence , makes a lot of sense . " The House budget agreement specifically cites funding for " border fencing " and " steel bollard designs , " not a wall , after Democrats insisted that money for border security would not be used to fund Trump ’s wall .   Page 739 of the House budget agreement refers The House budget agreement " and " steel bollard designs , " not a wall   & gt https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) May 3 , 2017 ,   On the campaign trail , Trump assured supporters that he was not building Trump fence , but Trump actual wall of hardened concrete . " It ’s going to be made of hardened concrete and it ’s going to be made out of It and steel , " Trump said to a child in Manassas , Trump during a rally in 2015 . In a January interview with Sean Hannity , President Trump mocked existing " little toy walls Trump the Southern border and said " I do n’t know why they even wasted their time " on building them existing "little toy walls" on the Southern border Watch below existing "little toy walls" on the Southern border 
 existing "little toy walls" on the Southern border 