A group of witches is attempting to use black magic to neutralize U. S. President Donald Trump by casting a " binding spell " to prevent U. S. President Donald Trump from governing . [ The " mass spell to bind U. S. President Donald Trump " will be performed at midnight on every waning crescent moon beginning Friday , February 24 , " until Donald U. S. President Donald Trump removed from office , " A group of witches website states .   The mass ritual will allegedly be repeated again March 26 , April 24 , May 23 , June 21 ( the summer solstice ) July 21 , and August 19 . The spell also invokes [The "mass spell to bind Donald Trump" " those who abet " Trump , which would seem to appear to cover his staff and political nominees , and perhaps the millions who voted for him as well .   his spell involves such items [The "mass spell to bind Donald Trump" unflattering photo of Trump , a tower tarot card , a tiny stub of an orange candle , a pin or small nail , water , salt , a feather and an ashtray . " This binding spell is open source , and may be modified to fit your preferred spiritual practice or magical system , " the site explains . What is critical is " the simultaneity of the working " as well as " the mass energy of participants . " " Some    are doing a variation of this as a group working , while a number of solitary practitioners are planning to connect and livestream via Facebook , Twitter , and other social media , " the site explains . In reaction , a number of Christian groups and individuals have promised to pray for Mr. Trump , asking God ’s blessings on his work and on the nation God Witches cast spells tomorrow , We   & gtNo weapon formed against you shall prosper . @POTUSAmerica ’s praying for you @VP # Pray4DJT ❤ ️ pic . twitter .    —    ❤ ️MAGAMama ❤ ️ ( @tteegar ) February 24 , 2017 ,   The witches’ spell involves a lengthy incantation , calling on spirits and " demons of the infernal realms " to bind Donald J. Trump so that " he may fail utterly , that Donald J. Trump may do no harm . Donald J. Trump Calling on the spirits to work the same harm on " all those who enable his wickedness and those whose mouths speak his poisonous lies , " the his beseeches the spirits to " bind them the spirits , bind their tongues whose mouths bind their works , whose mouths their wickedness . whose mouths The climax of whose mouths spell involves a crescendo " with increasing passion " ending by blowing out the orange candle while " visualizing Trump blowing apart into dust or ash . " Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 