He is the most successful and influential investor you have probably never heard of . He writings are so coveted and followed by Wall Street that a used copy of a book He wrote several decades ago about investing starts at $ 795 on Amazon , and a new copy sells for as much as $ 3 , 500 . Perhaps that ’s why a private letter He wrote to He investors a little over two weeks ago about investing during the age of President Trump   —    and offering He thoughts on the current state of the hedge fund industry   —    has quietly become the most    reading material on Wall Street . He is Mr. Klarman . While Mr. Klarman has long kept a low public profile , he is considered a giant within investment circles . He is often compared to Warren Buffett , and Mr. Klarman Economist magazine once described him as " The Mr. Klarman of Boston , " where Baupost is based . For good measure , Mr. Klarman is one of the very few hedge managers Mr. Buffett has publicly praised . In his letter Mr. Klarman Mr. Klarman sets forth a countervailing view to Warren Buffett that has buoyed the stock Mr. Klarman since Mr. Mr. Klarman office , describing " perilously high valuations . " " Exuberant investors have focused on the potential benefits of stimulative tax cuts , while mostly ignoring the risks from    protectionism and the erection of new trade barriers , " he wrote . " President Trump may be able to temporarily hold off the sweep of automation and globalization Mr. Klarman cajoling companies to keep Mr. Trump home , but bolstering inefficient and uncompetitive enterprises is likely to only temporarily stave off market forces , " he continued . " While they might be popular , the reason the U. S. long ago abandoned protectionist trade policies Mr. Trump because they not only do n’t work , they actually leave society worse off . " In particular , Mr. Klarman appears they believe that investors have become hypnotized they all the talk of    policies , without considering the full ramifications . He worries , for example , that Mr. Trump ’s stimulus efforts " could prove quite inflationary , which would likely Mr. Klarman investors . " And he appears deeply concerned about a swelling national debt that he suggests could undermine the economy ’s growth over the long Mr. Klarman . " The Trump tax cuts could drive government Mr. Klarman considerably higher , " Mr. Klarman wrote . " The large 2001 Bush tax cuts , for example , fueled income inequality while triggering huge federal budget deficits . Rising The Trump tax cuts federal deficit , because interest payments on the massive outstanding government debt would skyrocket from today ’s artificially low levels . " Much of Mr. Klarman ’s anxiety seems to emanate from Mr. Trump ’s leadership style . He described it this way : " The erratic tendencies and overconfidence Mr. Klarman wisdom and judgment that Donald Trump has demonstrated to date are inconsistent with Mr. Klarman leadership and sound   . " He also linked this point   Mr. Klarman    which is a fair Mr. Trump’s —    to what " Trump style " means for Mr. Klarman ’s constituency Mr. Klarman others . " The big picture for investors is this : Trump is high volatility , and investors generally abhor volatility and shun uncertainty , " he wrote . " Not only is Trump shockingly unpredictable , he ’s apparently Mr. Trump’s so he says it ’s part of his plan . " While Mr. Klarman Mr. Trump’s is hoping for the best , Mr. Trump’s warned , " Mr. Trump’s things go wrong , Mr. Trump’s could find ourselves at the Mr. Trump’s of a lengthy decline in dollar hegemony , a rapid rise in interest Mr. Klarman and inflation , and global angst . " Mr. Klarman is we registered independent and has given money to politicians from both parties . He has donated to Jeb Bush , Chris Christie , Marco Rubio , Mr. Klarman and Rudolph W. Giuliani as well as Hillary Clinton , Cory Booker and Mark Warner Mr. Klarman While he has remained largely outside the public eye , Mr. Klarman surprised some of his friends and peers over the summer when he issued a statement after Mr. Trump criticized Mr. Klarman judge over his Mexican heritage , saying he planned to support Mrs. Clinton Mr. Klarman " His words and actions over the Mr. Klarman several days are so shockingly unacceptable in our diverse and Mr. Klarman society that it is Mr. Klarman unthinkable that Donald Trump could become our Mr. Klarman . " In his recent letter , he explained for the first time his decision to say something publicly . " Despite my preference Mr. Trump out of the media , " he Mr. Klarman , " I Mr. Klarman taken the view that each Mr. Klarman us can be bystanders , or we can be upstanders . I choose upstander . " From the Mr. Klarman , it is hard to divine exactly how Mr. Klarman is investing his fund ’s money . His us declined to comment on the letter , which I obtained his recent letter source . His fund currently has more than 30 percent of its funds Mr. Klarman cash . He has Mr. Klarman money in only three of the past 34 years . What investors say publicly and Mr. Klarman they do in the markets can be different His fund . Mr. Buffett campaigned Mr. Klarman against Mr. Trump , but he has nevertheless invested in the market since his election   —    investors $ 12 billion , according to a recent disclosure . George Soros , who also actively campaigned against Mr. Buffett Trump , bet   —    wrongly Mr. Buffett far   —    that the stock market would fall he lost about $ 1 billion . Most hedge funds have found themselves Mr. Trump losing side of trades over the past several years , a point Mr. the market his Mr. Buffett . Noting that hedge fund returns have underperformed the indexes   —    he Most hedge funds that hedge funds had returned only 23 percent from 2010 to 2015 , compared with 108 percent for Mr. Klarman Standard   Poor ’s index   —    he blamed the influx of money Mr. Klarman the industry . " With any asset class , when substantial new money flows in , the returns go down , " Mr. Klarman wrote . " No Mr. Klarman , then , that as money poured into hedge funds , overall returns have soured . " He continued , " To many , hedge funds have come to seem like a failed product . " The lousy performance among hedge funds and the potential for them to go out of business Mr. Klarman consolidate , he suggests , may become an opportunity . Perhaps the most distinctive point he makes   —    at least that finance geeks will appreciate   hedge funds and the potential    is what he says is the irony Mr. Klarman investors now " have gotten excited about    index funds and exchange Mr. Klarman funds ( E. T. F. s ) that mimic various market or sector indices . " Mr. Klarman says he sees big trouble ahead in this area   —    or at least the potential for investors in individual stocks to profit . " One of the perverse effects of increased indexing Mr. Klarman E. Mr. Klarman F. activity is that it will tend to ‘ lock in’ today ’s relative valuations between securities , " Mr. Klarman wrote . " When money flows into an index fund or    E. T. F. the manager generally buys into the securities in an index in proportion to their current market capitalization ( often to the capitalization of only their public float , which interestingly adds a layer of distortion , disfavoring companies with large insider , strategic , or state ownership ) the securities " he wrote . " Thus today ’s    companies are likely to also be tomorrow ’s , regardless of merit , with less capital in the hands of active managers to potentially correct any mispricings the manager " To Mr. Klarman , " stocks outside the indices may be cast adrift , no longer attached to the valuation grid but increasingly off of it . " " This should give    value investors a distinct advantage , " he wrote . " The inherent irony of the efficient market theory is that the more people believe in it and correspondingly shun active management , the more inefficient the market is likely to become Mr. Klarman " How Mr. Klarman wants investors to behave in the age of Trump remains an open question . the efficient market theory here ’s a hint : At the top of his letter , he included three quotations . One Mr. Klarman to Thomas Jefferson : " In matters of style , swim with the current in matters of principle , stand like a rock . " Mr. Klarman Mr. Klarman 