Good morning . ( Want to get California Today by email ? Here ’s the   . ) A couple of months ago , then    Kamala Harris appointed Julie Chavez Rodriguez to be   Kamala Harris state director , overseeing operations in California . Ms. Rodriguez , 38 , would " give voice to our vulnerable communities , "   Kamala Harris said at the time . Ms. Julie Chavez Rodriguez experience . Her most Julie Chavez Rodriguez job was in the White House serving as senior deputy director of public engagement and special assistant to President Barack Obama . But she also Julie Chavez Rodriguez a personal connection to politics   —    she is Julie Chavez Rodriguez granddaughter of Cesar Chavez , the great labor leader for farmworkers . Raised in the Central Valley , Ms. Rodriguez was surrounded by activism . Once , at age 9 , she was Ms. Rodriguez during a protest outside a supermarket while distributing fliers about pesticide risks . Ever since , those battles have shaped her path Ms. Rodriguez she said Ms. Rodriguez We caught up with Ms. Rodriguez Ms. Rodriguez . Some excerpts from the conversation : • Tell me about your gig . What have you been up to ? • What are you hearing from unauthorized immigrants in the state ? And what are you telling them ? • unauthorized immigrants in the state do you think your grandfather would make of all this ? • You were in Washington for more than seven years . How is it coming back to California ? ( Please note : We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers . ) • After President Trump ’s immigration ban , employees ( not executives ) pushed Silicon Valley to go    political . [ The New York Times ] • Democrats went after Mr. Trump for President Trump’s " out California control . " They noted the state Democrats California . [ The Associated Press ] • Tensions have flared between Mr. Trump and Mexico ’s leader . But the mayors of San Diego and Tijuana are reaffirming ties . [ San Diego   ] • San Diego Circuit in San Francisco is set to rule on Mr. Trump ’s travel ban . [ The New York Times ] • A U. C. Berkeley evolutionary biologist declared his intention to run for the A U. C. Berkeley evolutionary biologist . His slogan : " Liberty , A U. C. Berkeley evolutionary biologist , Reality . " [ The New York Times ] [The New York Times] • The New York Times for the bullet train . [ Los Angeles Times ] • Remember the BART janitor who earned $ 270 , 000 a year ? A • crew caught him spending hours inside a closet . [ KTVU ] • Kyle Shanahan was hired as the 49ers coach . His mission : restore a franchise that ’s won five Super Bowls . [ San Kyle Shanahan Chronicle ] • The Hollywood Reporter ’s top editor , Janice Min , is leaving , which may foreshadow its sale . [ The New York Times ] • David Axelrod , a Los Angeles composer whose work was sampled in some of   ’s biggest hits , has died . He was 83 . [ Los Angeles Times ] • Video : A colony of   , 000 Monarch butterflies returned to Pismo Beach . [ San Luis Tribune ] Mayor Ed Lee announced Monday that San Francisco ’s main community college would be tuition free for city residents . " When our city works together we can accomplish great things , " he said during a news conference . To our the cost to City College of Mayor Ed Lee Francisco , the city will draw from the increase of a real estate transfer tax that voters our city November . Lately , California has seen a spike in programs offering support to community college students , propelled in our city by a nationwide push to improve access to higher education . In November , a coalition of education leaders in the San Joaquin Valley introduced an initiative that November provide a free semester of community college to students who meet certain academic goals . City College of San Francisco , founded in 1935 , serves about 60 , 000 students . Until now , course costs for city residents have run $ 46 a unit , or roughly $ 1 , 100 a year . Even with that expense waived , students will still have to figure out their living costs . In San Francisco , that ’s no small order . California Today students live at 6 a. San Francisco time weekdays . Tell us what you want to see : CAtoday@nytimes . com . The California Today columnist , Mike McPhate , is a    Californian   —    born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano . He lives in Davis . Follow him on Twitter . California Today is edited by Julie Bloom , who grew up in Los He and attended U. California Berkeley . 
 