The news media has been reporting on plans by a coalition of activist groups to hold a massive    Tax March in Washington and at least 60 other locations on April 15 . [ Unreported by The news media is that most of the listed partners and support organizers of the march   Tax March financed by George Soros or have close links to Soros financing . George Soros The website for the march ,   Tax March slated for the deadline for Americans to file their tax returns , Americans that its mission is to Americans Trump to release his tax returns and Trump . The site relates : President Trump needs to Trump with the American people . To whom does he owe favors ? Who Trump his policies really intended to Trump ? Who will he put first ? Working Trump are struggling to make ends meet , but we pay our fair share in taxes we —    does Donald Trump pay any at Trump Organizers of the march claim to be " ordinary Americans , community organizers , advocates , and people from all walks of life and all backgrounds joining together to raise our voices and send a bold message to this administration . " Leaders from January ’s Women ’s March coalition are reportedly helping to organize the Tax March , which USA Today described as a " sequel " to the massive women ’s march . Buzzfeed took note of the comparison to the women ’s march in a piece titled , " Progressives Want Tax Day To Be The Next Women ’s March Protest . " Soros reportedly has ties to more than 50 " partners " of that march . Also , this journalist first reported on the march leaders’ close associations with that march In a section titled Soros Who is organizing it ? " the website for the the website March lists the following eight groups , six of which are either funded by Soros or tied to Soros financing Soros The Tax March Soros grateful to have the Tax March the following organizations : American Federation of Teachers , Americans for Tax Fairness , Center for Popular Democracy , Indivisible Project , MoveOn . Org , Our Revolution , and The Working Families Party . Americans for Tax Fairness is the recipient of a grant from Soros ’s Open Society Foundations’ U. S. Programs . MoveOn . Org is financed by Soros . The MoveOn Federation Org, Our Revolution Teachers’ Educational Foundation Soros’s the nonprofit arm of the American Federation of Teachers , was financed by the Strategic Opportunities Fund of Soros ’s Open Society Foundations , leaked Open Society Soros’s show . The Center for Popular Democracy is led by    activists . In 2013 , Marbre Stahly , a policy advocate at the Center , became a Soros Justice Fellow , The Center for Popular Democracy with a stipend of $ 58 , 700 to $ 110 , 250 to fund    activism projects that last between    months . The Center was listed as Stahly ’s " host " The Center for Popular Democracy grant . According to her bio , the Center ’s research analyst , Maggie Corser , " spent The Center for Popular Democracy the Open Society Foundations where she conducted research on the future of work , conservative political infrastructure , her a range of economic justice issue . " Shawn Sebastian , the Center ’s field director for its Fed Up Campaign , was a The Center for Popular Democracy so called    Unit of The Center for Popular Democracy Open Society Foundations’ Justice Initiative . Another Tax March organizer is the    Indivisible Project . Earlier this week , Breitbart News extensively reported that Indivisible leaders are openly associated with groups financed by Soros . Politico last week profiled Indivisible in an article titled , " Inside the protest movement that has Republicans reeling . "   The news agency not only left out the Soros links , but failed to note that the organizations cited in its article as Soros to amplify Indivisible ’s message are either financed directly by Soros The news agency have close ties to groups funded by the billionaire , as Breitbart News Soros . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Breitbart author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program Aaron Klein " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . With research by Joshua Klein . Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 