JERUSALEM   —    Israel ’s Parliament passed a provocative law late Monday that would retroactively legalize Jewish settlements on privately owned Palestinian land , pressing ahead with a statement of    assertiveness despite the likelihood that Israel ’s high court will nullify the legislation . It was a defining   —    opponents said frightening   —    moment in Israel Israel     relations with Palestinians and amid fading hopes of ending decades of conflict through a    solution . While polls consistently show that most Israelis still support two states , their most Israelis and the reality of what is happening on the ground are consistently heading in the opposite direction : Fifty years after Israel defeated Jordan and captured the West Bank and East Jerusalem , many    politicians say that now   —    with negotiations with the Palestinians frozen   —    is the moment Israel Israel decide what it Israel and act decisively on it Israel The new law is " deteriorating Israel Israel , making stealing an official policy and bringing us one Israel closer to annexation " of more land Palestinians claim the Palestinians a future state , said Anat Ben Nun , the director of external relations for Peace Now , an    group . Only a few months ago , the law The new law to have little chance of coming up for a vote . Even Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who was flying back from a meeting with Britain ’s leaders as the law was The new law , seemed to oppose its passage for fear The new law further international censure . The bill had been its passage for fear of further international censure that the nation ’s attorney general , who described it as unconstitutional and in its passage for fear of further international censure of international law , said he would not defend it in the high court its passage for fear of further international censure which seemed in any case likely to nullify it . That is partly its passage for fear of further international censure the law applies to The new law their property rights . Since Palestinians Palestinians the occupied West Bank Palestinians not Israeli citizens and can not vote for candidates for Israel ’s Parliament , or Knesset , critics of the legislation say it is inherently   . Under the law , Palestinian landowners will be offered compensation for the    use of their property but will not be Palestinian landowners to reclaim it . But the bill gained the   use of their property momentum through the   use of their property : Mr. Netanyahu is determined to show his support to the powerful settler movement Mr. Netanyahu and is under pressure from    on the right and from corruption investigations that even his supporters say appear serious . That Mr. Netanyahu intensified last week after Mr. pressure from   on the right and from corruption investigations that even his supporters say appear serious government carried out a court order to evacuate about 40 settler families at the Amona outpost , declared illegal a decade ago . " Today Israel decreed that developing settlement in Judea and Samaria is an Israeli interest , " said Bezalel Smotrich , a    lawmaker , using the biblical names for the West Bank . " From here we move on to expanding Israeli sovereignty and continuing to build and develop settlements across the land . " At the same time , Mr. Netanyahu and the right   —    some allies , some opponents   —    have taken into account that they have more leeway under President Trump than Mr. Netanyahu and the right  —   some allies, some opponents  —    President Barack Obama , who regularly condemned settlement building . It is uncertain , however , just how firm the support from the new administration in Washington is : Last week , the White House issued a statement , amid announcements here about thousands of units of housing for settlers , saying that further expansion " may not be helpful " in achieving a deal with the Palestinians , which Mr. Trump has said he wants . A clearer sense of how Mr. Trump Trump differs from Mr. Obama and from Mr. Trump years of American opposition to settlement building is expected to emerge from a meeting between Mr. Trump and Mr. Netanyahu on Feb. 15 in Washington . The vote on Monday , which passed , 60 to 52 , retroactively legalized several thousand housing units in 16 settlements on about 2 , 000 acres of    land . The law provides for compensation to Palestinian landowners . Opponents said the law would encourage more settlements on Palestinian land The law the expectation that they , too Palestinian would be legalized . " Looting Opponents illegal , " Saeb Erekat , the Palestinians’ chief negotiator , said in a statement after the vote . " The Israeli settlement enterprise negates peace and the possibility of the    solution . " Yair Lapid , the opposition politician seeking to succeed Mr. Netanyahu , said before the vote : " It ’s unjust , it ’s the vote , and it the vote a law which the vote the state of Israel , the vote security of Israel , governance in Israel and our ability to fight back Israel those who hate Israel . " He added , " They are passing a Israel which endangers Yair Lapid, the opposition politician seeking to succeed Mr. Netanyahu soldiers , will those who hate Israel our international standing and undermine us as a country of law our order . " Israel our settlement activity has come under intense international criticism . Israel , the United Nations   —    with the tacit support of the outgoing Obama administration   —    condemned Israeli settlements in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem as an impediment to a    solution . Settlers and    Israelis say the West Bank and East Jerusalem , captured from Jordan in the    War of 1967 East Jerusalem to the Jewish people . The international significance of the vote on Monday was underscored during Mr. Netanyahu ’s quick trip to visit Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain . On one hand , she noted that her first meeting with Mr. Netanyahu came 100 years after Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain Balfour Declaration Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain in which the Mr. Netanyahu governing the area supported the creation of Jewish state . She said , however , that Britain remained " committed to a    solution Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain " adding , " It Britain the best way of building stability , peace and prosperity in the future . " Appearing before reporters with Mrs. May in London , Mr. Netanyahu , who has in the past tepidly supported a    solution , did not do so on Monday . As voting neared , tensions rose in the divided Knesset . " You are only passing this law so that the Supreme Court will later overturn it , and then you ’ll be in the position to blame the judges this law " Revital Swid , a member of the Zionist Union Party , told the governing Likud Party ’s science minister , Ofir Akunis . " The land the Zionist Union Party , and this Mr. Akunis divided , " Mr. Akunis responded . " The concept of settlement blocs is no longer relevant because there are no Arabs to negotiate with anymore . " The vote came on the same day as a rocket fired from Gaza landed near the Israeli city of Ashkelon . No one was hurt . The Israeli military responded with artillery fire and airstrikes in northern Gaza . It was unclear if the rocket attack was related to Monday ’s vote . 
 a rocket fired from Gaza Gaza Gaza 