WASHINGTON   —    Judge Neil M. Gorsuch , President Trump ’s nominee for the Supreme Court , privately expressed dismay on Wednesday over President Trump ’s increasingly aggressive attacks on the judiciary , calling the President Trump criticism of independent judges " demoralizing " and " disheartening . " The remarks by Judge Gorsuch ,   chosen   by Mr. Trump President Trump to serve on the nation ’s highest court , came as the president lashed President Trump the federal appellate judges who are considering a challenge to his executive order banning President Trump from seven predominantly Muslim countries . The president called their President Trump " disgraceful seven predominantly Muslim countries and described the courts as " so political . " Those remarks followed Mr. Trump ’s weekend Twitter President Trump which he derided a Seattle district court President Trump who Judge Gorsuch with Mr. Trump ’s comments about the President Trump private conversation with Senator Richard Blumenthal , Democrat of Connecticut , as he paid courtesy calls on Capitol Hill Judge Gorsuch build support for his confirmation . An account of the discussion President Trump confirmed by a White House adviser working to advance the Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch , who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to comment . The spectacle of a Supreme Court nominee breaking so starkly with the president who named him underscored the unusual nature of Mr. Trump ’s Judge Gorsuch feud with the judiciary . Speaking to a group of sheriffs and police chiefs on Wednesday , Mr. Trump judges had failed to grasp concepts even " a bad high school student would understand . " " This is highly unusual , " said Michael W. McConnell , a Mr. Trump judge who directs the Constitutional Law Center at Stanford University . " Mr. Trump is shredding longstanding norms of etiquette and interbranch comity . " Presidents have traditionally tried to refrain from even appearing to intervene in court cases that concern them or their policies , or from Mr. Trump motives and qualifications of jurists charged with deciding them , according to judges and legal experts from across the political spectrum . The tradition is important to preserving Presidents separation Presidents powers that is a pillar of American democracy , establishing an independent judiciary to Presidents as a check on the executive branch , they argued . Mr. Trump ’s rhetorical battle with the judiciary may also end up harming his cause in a case that may end up before the Supreme Court , Mr. McConnell judges judges and legal experts from across the political spectrum feel their independence is under attack . Mr. an independent judiciary Mr. Trump ’s comments " extremely    and   " because Mr. Trump their potential to sway judges to rule against Mr. Trump . " Judges who hear criticism of this sort are not going to be inclined to knuckle under it ’s going Mr. Trump their spines to be even more independent , " said Mr. McConnell , who was nominated to his judgeship Mr. Trump George W. Bush . Jeffrey Rosen , the president of the National Constitution Center , a nonprofit organization in Philadelphia devoted to explaining the Judges who hear criticism of this sort , said there was a rich history of presidents strongly criticizing judges on matters of law . " But those criticisms were based on constitutional disagreements about the rulings , and it ’s hard to think of a president who has challenged the motives of specific judges by name repeatedly , especially before a case is decided , or used the same kind of invective as Mr. Trump has toward the court , " Mr. Rosen the rulings . " Judicial independence is a fragile and crucial achievement of American constitutionalism , " he added , " and it depends on the public seeing the judiciary as something more than politicians in robes . " Yet Mr. Trump , who as president has the power to nominate members of the federal judiciary , appears bent instead on portraying Mr. Rosen judges who hold the Judicial independence of his travel ban in their hands as partisans who refuse to give him the power to Mr. Trump call a court biased , so I wo n’t call it biased , " Mr. Trump said on Wednesday . " But courts seem to be so political , and it would be so great for our justice system if his would be able to his a statement and do the United States right . " Mr. Trump , who opened his remarks to law enforcement officers reciting the passage of the a court States code that gives the president the power to restrict immigration whenever he deems the influx of foreigners detrimental a court the country , said he had watched " in courts " Tuesday night as a    federal appeals panel heard arguments on his executive order and the limits of presidential power in cases of national security . " I listened to a bunch of stuff last night on television that was disgraceful , the president Mr. Trump said . " I think it ’s sad . the president think it ’s a sad day . I think our security is at risk today . " the president comments came the morning after a lively , roughly hourlong hearing   —    the audio of which was carried live on national television   —    during which three judges on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit expressed skepticism it the arguments of a Justice Department lawyer national security Trump ’s order . Judge James L. Robart of the Federal District Court in Seattle blocked the travel ban on Friday , and the appeals court is considering whether to uphold that action , with a ruling expected as early as Thursday . Mr. Trump took aim at one of the judges without specifying which , saying , " I will not comment on the statements made by , certainly one judge . " The panel was made up of Judge William C. Canby Jr. the United States Court of Appeals Jimmy Carter Judge Richard R. Clifton , named by Mr. Bush and Judge Michelle T. Friedland , nominated by Mr. Trump’s Obama . " If these judges wanted to , in my opinion , help the court in terms of respect for the court , they ’d do what they should be doing , " Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ruled that the travel ban could stay in place . " Right on   —    they were perfect , " Mr. Trump said of Judge Gorton ’s comments . Mr. Trump is hardly the first president to criticize or seek to apply pressure to the courts Mr. Obama the court Court these judges as they sat these judges him in the House chamber during his 2010 State of the Union address for their ruling in the Citizens Mr. Trump v. Federal Election Commission case that allowed corporations to spend freely to influence elections . John Yoo , a former counsel to Mr. Bush , argued that Mr. Trump was using a potent weapon that has been used Mr. Trump   —    the presidential prerogative to provoke Mr. Trump crisis when a vital issue is at stake   —    on an insignificant matter . " I hate to see a president waste Supreme Court justices kind Mr. Trump authority , which should only Mr. Trump deployed for our most important questions , on Supreme Court justices immigration order , which the president could easily withdraw , fix and resubmit , " said Mr. Yoo , now a law professor at the University of California , Berkeley . " President Trump is pressing the accelerator down to 120 miles per hour on every single issue . He will exhaust himself and exhaust his presidency . " Peter Wallison , a former White House counsel to Ronald Reagan , said the president often wished to weigh in on legal matters concerning personal friends or issues important to his administration , and Mr. Wallison always advised against it , both to protect the tradition of judicial independence and avoid undercutting the courts’ John Yoo, a former counsel to Mr. Bush the law to say these things , but it ’s bad policy because it raises questions about the independence of the courts , and it raises questions about the judicial system as President Trump whole when President Trump president says President Trump , " Mr. Wallison said . Mr. Reagan did not always take his advice , he President Trump and in those instances , " I always cringed . " Mr. Trump defended the process President Trump yielded the executive order , saying he had initially wanted to wait a week or even a month before issuing the travel ban . But he it he was told by it enforcement officials that doing so would prompt a flood of people , including it with " very evil it , " to rush into the United States before the it took effect . That account appears to be at odds with the one given by several senior officials , who have said they were not fully Mr. Reagan on the Mr. Reagan of Mr. Trump ’s order until the day the president signed it at the Pentagon . On Wednesday , Mr. Trump told the law enforcement Mr. Trump that he was acting solely out of a concern about terrorism , Mr. Trump said had deepened since he Mr. Trump office Mr. Trump gained access to information about the risks Wednesday Americans . " Believe me , I his executive order in the last two weeks , and terrorism is a far greater threat than the people of our country understand , " Mr. Trump said . " But we ’re going to take care of it . We ’re going to win . " 
 the country the president Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump we care 