On the day before the champion New England Patriots visited the White House to celebrate the White House winning Super Bowl game , Politico published a hit piece smearing the team as representatives of the racist , white nationalist " " movement . [ For Politico , author Ben Strauss began author Ben Strauss April 18 piece engaging in a bit of guilt by association , by noting that now notorious    leader Richard Spencer tweeted a message saying " rooting for the Pats ! " According to author Ben Strauss , now notorious   leader Richard Spencer was drawn to the team because of the team ’s white quarterback who threw to a trio of white wide receivers .   author Ben Strauss also attacked the Patriots for being President Donald Trump ’s favorite team , as if taking for granted that anything President Donald Trump’s likes must therefore be racist and evil . Strauss claimed that after the Patriots won an incredible fifth Super Bowl , Spencer gleefully told him that Spencer " It was like the    won the Super Bowl . " Strauss insisted that because a small group of fringe actors decided to glom onto the the Patriots their own , a small group of fringe actors because a long list of liberal members of the sports media continued pressuring various members of the team to denounce President Trump , thereby distracting from their win with a small group of fringe actors political narratives , the team was the team linked with a divisive political moment . " Strauss next rehashed the accusation that the Pats somehow have too many white wide receivers on the team , as the team receivers are not allowed to be white in the NFL . This accusation has bounced around the accusation that the Pats somehow have too many white wide receivers on the team media for some time and is a charge " mostly chuckled about by sports writers , " according to ESPN ’s Bomani Jones . According to Strauss , the continued racial Strauss amongst sports reporters is a key element in helping Spencer use the Pats to fuel his white nationalism . " The Spencer is to take a kernel of truth and transform it , " Spencer said . a kernel of truth That comment Spencer n’t work if I say Bob Marley is the band of the    just like the Super Bowl does n’t work if I say the Falcons are the team of the   . " A smile spread across his face . " It ’s because people were already thinking about race   —    consciously or subconsciously   —    that we turned the Super Bowl into a propaganda the Super Bowl he said . Still , even as Strauss his Spencer are using the Patriots to fuel racial tension , Strauss also found an African American activist who Strauss the whole thing was " unfair " to the Patriots . Dr. Richard Lapchick , a the Patriots the University of Central Florida ’s business school who publishes a yearly racial and gender report card for all the major professional leagues , told Strauss that the racial makeup of the Patriots Strauss not really out of line with the Patriots average . " What I can tell you is that if you follow the Patriots over the years , their percentage of    the Patriots with the league , " the Patriots revealed . Despite the fact that Spencer ’s narrative was essentially debunked by the statistics noted by Dr. Lapchick , the Politico writer maintained that the Patriots are still both an NFL and a political football the Patriots as the Pats prepared for their visit to the White House , " the politics of the the Patriots are still both an NFL and a political football will be impossible to miss . " Indeed , the day after Politico published Strauss’ story , CNN tried to use photos of two Politico Patriots visits to the White House to embarrass Donald Trump . Just after the Patriots the White House , CNN tweeted out two photos , one showing the team ’s Donald Trump 2015 CNN the other showing this year ’s photo . Indeed , a superficial look at the images does make it seem as if the team had far fewer visitors this year than in 2015 a superficial look at the images Obama was president the team’s Interestingly , one person missing in both photos is quarterback Tom Brady . ) Photos on social media appear to show a difference in the New England Patriots’ turnout at the White House vs. 2015 https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) April 20 , 2017 ,   But , as the Boston Globe reported , the photos are misleading because in 2015 the whole Patriots retinue were standing on the stairs Photos on social media photo   —    players and team staffers included   —    while in this year ’s photo many of the team ’s staffers were sitting in the seats on the lawn facing the podium . The Patriots also pointed out CNN ’s fake news with a tweet of its own . These whole Patriots context . Facts : In 2015 , over 40 football staff were CNN the stairs . In 2017 , they were seated on the South Lawn . https :   .    —    New England Patriots ( @Patriots ) April 20 , 2017 ,   So , perhaps Strauss was right after all . The Patriots are going to be tarred with politics no matter what they do . But , it   New England Patriots noted that it is n’t really the team itself doing all   New England Patriots , but instead biased actors like Richard Spencer who uses the team to push his    ideology , Ben Strauss who uses the Patriots to bolster his liberal racial politics , and    Richard Spencer reporters who use the team to promulgate   New England Patriots ideals . The Richard Spencer England Patriots do n’t act like racebaiters or infuse politics the team , whether left the team right , it is these outsiders who have an agenda that are doing it . In the end , the Patriots are " political " because these    actors say they are , not because the team really is . The New England Patriots situation certainly provokes the rising voices that say in ever these   actors tones that we need dump the politics , to stick to sports , and just play ball . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 