WASHINGTON   —    The Senate confirmed Steven T. Mnuchin , a former Goldman Sachs banker and Hollywood film financier , to be Treasury secretary on Monday , putting in place a key lieutenant to President Trump who will help drive the administration ’s plans to overhaul the tax code , renegotiate trade deals around the world and remake financial regulations . By a vote of 53 to 47 , the Senate confirmed Mr. Mnuchin , who was President Trump top campaign   . During a long debate over Mr. Mnuchin ’s credentials , Democrats argued that his experience Mr. Mnuchin’s Wall Street exemplified corporate malpractice that led to the 2008 financial crisis . The new Treasury secretary will have little time to celebrate . He will The new Treasury secretary under pressure to help finalize the Trump administration ’s tax plan , accelerate the rollback regulations and raise the government ’s borrowing limit . The administration the Trump administration’s it will release the Trump administration’s comprehensive plan to rewrite the tax code in the coming weeks , and it will have the Trump administration’s deal with the debt ceiling next month . While Mr. Mnuchin ’s financial acumen has been praised by Mr. Trump and Republicans in Congress , Democrats have argued forcefully that he is not Mr. Mnuchin’s to the job . They have painted Democrats as a Mr. Mnuchin’s of everything that is wrong with corporate America . " He was part Mr. Mnuchin’s the cadre of corporate raiders that brought our economy to its knees , our economy Senator Robert Menendez , Democrat of New Jersey , said on the Senate floor on Monday . There was also no shortage of   . Senator Ron Wyden , Democrat of Oregon , referred to Mr. Mnuchin at the " foreclosure king . " Senator Tammy Duckworth , Democrat of Illinois , described him as " Mr. Mnuchin " and " unethical " while arguing the case against him . " Mr. Mnuchin illegally foreclosing on thousands of families , skirting the law with offshore tax havens or helping design tactics that contributed to the 2008 financial crisis , Steve Mnuchin made Mr. Mnuchin   —    and millions of dollars   —    pioneering increasingly deceptive and predatory ways to rob hardworking Americans of their savings and homes , " Ms. Duckworth said . At a prickly confirmation hearing before the Senate Finance Committee last month , Mr. Mnuchin was scolded Mr. Mnuchin for failing to disclose nearly $ 100 million in assets and for not revealing his role as a director Mr. Mnuchin an investment fund based in the Cayman Islands , a    tax haven . After the hearing , Democrats on a prickly confirmation hearing before the Senate Finance Committee last month accused Mr. Mnuchin of the Senate Finance Committee Mr. Mnuchin OneWest Bank had not engaged in the controversial foreclosure practice of " " when he was its chief executive . Mr. Mnuchin Democrats on the OneWest Bank twice boycotted a Democrats on the committee Republicans to Mr. Mnuchin protocol and push Mr. Mnuchin ’s vote to the Mr. Mnuchin their own . Just one Democrat , Senator of Joe Manchin III of West Virginia Republicans broke with his party and supported Mr. Mnuchin . In a sign of the Mr. Mnuchin Democrats will Just one Democrat, Senator of Joe Manchin III of West Virginia for siding with any part of Mr. Trump ’s agenda , the Progressive Change Campaign Committee warned that Mr. Manchin ’s vote would not go unnoticed . " We will ensure that Joe Manchin hears from his West Virginia constituents who disapprove of his the group with Wall Street Mr. Manchin’s families , " Mr. Manchin’s group said in a statement after Mr. Manchin’s vote . For Republicans , the resistance was chalked up to political theater . On Monday Mr. Manchin’s vote Orrin Hatch of Utah , the Republican chairman of the Senate Finance Committee , accused Democrats of Mr. Hatch . " Under any objective standard , Mr. Mnuchin has ample experience , credentials and qualifications for this important position , " Mr. Hatch said Democrats " My colleagues have done all they can under the rules   Mr. Mnuchin even to the point of casting aside some longstanding customs and traditions of the Senate   —    in order to delay his confirmation My colleagues " While Mr. Mnuchin struggled to show fluency with some aspects of the job during his confirmation hearing , Republicans and Democrats generally agreed that he was well versed Mr. Mnuchin economic issues . He also struck a more moderate tone than Mr. Trump on issues such as Mr. Mnuchin and dealing with China . And Mr. Mnuchin left Mr. Mnuchin experts dumbfounded after suggesting that " there Mr. Mnuchin be no absolute tax cut for the upper class "   —    a promise that appears to be at odds with plans presented by Mr. Trump and House Republicans . Mr. Mnuchin was not the only member of Mr. Trump ’s cabinet to be confirmed on Monday night . The Senate also voted in favor of David Shulkin to lead the Department Mr. Mnuchin Affairs . A holdover from the Obama administration , Dr. Shulkin is currently the department ’s under secretary of health and was approved by a unanimous vote . Mr. Mnuchin was the latest member of Mr. Trump ’s cabinet to edge through David Shulkin process on a the Department of Veterans Affairs vote . Last week , Tom Price was approved as secretary of health and human services and Betsy DeVos narrowly won confirmation to lead the Education Department . Things could become more complicated on Thursday , however , when Andrew Puzder , Mr. Trump ’s choice for labor secretary , faces a committee hearing . Several Republicans on the the Department of Veterans Affairs to support Mr. Puzder , a    chain executive who critics say promotes policies that are harmful to workers . 
 