President Trump suggested to Senators on Monday morning that Senators ask Sally Yates ’s early days , how classified information she went to the White House counsel with got leaked to the media soon after . [ Ask Sally Yates , under oath , if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W. Sally Yates Council .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump Sally Yates May 8 , 2017 ,    Yates is testifying publicly for the first time in front of a Senate Judiciary subcommittee Sally Yates Sally Yates expected to discuss how she went to the White House counsel Don McGahn on January Sally Yates with classified information that former Sally Yates Security Adviser Michael Flynn had talked about U. S. sanctions on Moscow with Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak . That classified information was shortly after illegally leaked to the Washington Post , on February 9 , leading to Flynn ’s resignation , since he had previously told Vice President Mike Pence that he had not former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn topic . " Ask former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn Yates , under oath , if she knows former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to the W. H. Sally Yates , " Trump tweeted . Trump also reminded his followers Sally Yates an earlier tweet that Flynn was given the highest security clearance by Trump Obama administration Trump amid accusations that he did not properly vet the retired Army    general , who had last served as head of Trump Defense Intelligence Agency . General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration   —    but the Fake Flynn Flynn talking about that .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 8 , 2017 ,   White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer recently pointed out that when Flynn last received his top secret security clearance in 2016 , it was already known that he had visited Flynn in 2015 Flynn give a speech , which is now being investigated by the Pentagon Flynn inspector general . Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper is also testifying along with Yates . He said in March that by the time he left the government in January , he had seen no Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper of collusion between the Trump campaign and Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper . FBI Director James Comey has Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper an investigation into Russian interference in the elections had begun in July . Former National Security Adviser Susan Rice was invited to testify on Monday , but declined the invite after her lawyer said the ranking Democrat on the subcommittee had disagreed with the invite , calling her testimony not Former National Security Adviser Susan Rice to the hearing topic , which is Russian influence on the the invite elections . Former National Security Adviser Susan Rice reports revealed last month that Rice had requested the unmasking Russian identities of the elections . She has denied doing anything " untoward . " Former National Security Adviser Susan Rice subcommittee ’s chairman , Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) said he would Former National Security Adviser Susan Rice to pursue that issue down the road . 
 the subcommittee 