While the protest movement plotting to disrupt    Donald Trump ’s inauguration is largely attempting to portray the protest movement plotting to disrupt   Donald Trump’s inauguration as grassroots , in actuality professional    activists are leading the charge . [ A main protest coalition group calls A main protest coalition group DisruptJ20 . The organization ’s website does not say much about who is behind A main protest coalition group . DisruptJ20 DisruptJ20 rejects all forms of domination and oppression , particularly those based on racism , poverty , gender and sexuality , organizes by consensus , and embraces a diversity of tactics , " the site reads .   Claiming it the site for the vast majority of Americans , the A main protest coalition group itself the A main protest coalition group start of the resistance . We must take to the streets and protest , blockade , disrupt , intervene , sit in , walk out , rise up , and make more noise and good trouble than the establishment can bear . The parade must be stopped . " DisruptJ20 is planning a slew of actions aimed , as the group A main protest coalition group at " disrupting the ceremonies . " According to the website , those actions include " spontaneous , unpermitted events , " an " unpermitted , anticapitalist march , " civil disobedience and disruption plans . Lacy MacAuley has been one of the main public faces of DisruptJ20 , conducting numerous interviews with the news media as an activist with the group . A main protest coalition group details are Lacy MacAuley on DisruptJ20 ’s website . From 2011 until the end of 2013 , MacCauley , who turned down a Breitbart News interview request , served as a media activist at the Institute for Policy Studies ( IPS ) which has received financing from George Soros ’s Open Society Institute . IPS regularly partners with the    Center for American Progress to produce joint documents and reports on progressive issues . CAP was founded by John Podesta , the Podesta as a counselor for President Obama ’s White House and chief of staff to President Bill Clinton . IPS and CAP previously released a CAP Unified Security Budget , " a list of defense spending recommendations that were partially adapted by the Obama administration . MacAuley ’s IPS bio evidences her ties to professional leftist groups , including the controversial , now defunct Association of MacAuley Organizations for Reform Now ( ACORN ) Project Vote , and United for Peace and Justice . Her IPS bio reads : Lacy came to IPS after doing communications for a variety MacAuley’s IPS bio through the progressive PR firm Massey Media LLC and as a single contractor . She has done media relations work with groups such as Project Vote and ACORN , United for Lacy and Justice , Jubilee USA , Mountain Justice Summer , the IMF Resistance Network , and the Solidarity Center ( international affiliate of the   ) . The only other contact listed on DisruptJ20 ’s website is for organizer Legba Carrefour . Speaking to the Boston Herald , Carrefour made clear DisruptJ20 ’s intention is to cause " chaos " at the inauguration . " If the headline ( on Jan. 21 ) is ‘ Donald Trump inaugurated amid complete chaos and a cluster ( expletive),’ then we won , " Carrefour said . " A lot of us are people who could be considered anarchists . None Carrefour us have respect for the office we the man . " On his Twitter account , Carrefour we himself as a " rather glam anarchist who lives , writes the man and organizes a Carrefour f*ckton the man protests in Washington , DC . " Another    protest organizer has been identified as Scott Green , a leader with the D. C.    Coalition . Green was captured allegedly plotting inauguration hijinks in an undercover video released yesterday by Project Veritas . " I was thinking of things that would ruin their evening , ruin their outfits and otherwise make it impossible to continue with their plans . So they get nothing their , " Green says in the video . Green their his group were their in violent protests in Sacramento Green June . an undercover video released yesterday by Project Veritas reported : " I would use the word force .    and other fascists do n’t back down , they can , and they ought to be made to back down , " said Scott Green , other fascists supporter of the other fascists Action group , also known as Antifa . Green , who used an alias while speaking to FOX40 for safety , did not attend the protest , but he says he has been present at Local Fox40 ones that ended violently . Antifa itself is n’t new an alias but an alias an offshoot of the group    Action , which started in the late ’80s in Minneapolis . Anther activist caught allegedly plotting against the inauguration in the Project Veritas video is Luke Kuhn . " If you had a pint of butyric acid , I do n’t care how big the building is , it is closing , " Kuhn says in the video during a conversation about setting off a chemical the building to cause the evacuation Luke Kuhn one of the Project Veritas video inauguration balls . One Luke Kuhn protested President Bush ’s inaugural in 2001 and was quoted at the time in the Baltimore Sun Luke Kuhn " veteran protester . " Kuhn told the newspaper about his plans to bypass police checkpoints at Bush ’s inauguration that year . " If Luke Kuhn pass through the checkpoints Luke Kuhn the police take their signs , the demonstrators will be made ineffective , " he said . " What I encourage people to people    …      have 30 , 000 people march to Luke Kuhn of the checkpoints and demand to get through . " In February 2006 , Kuhn led a    at a Minuteman Project rally on Capitol Hill against the U. S. guest worker program . Activist Dylan Petrohilos was also filmed by Project Veritas allegedly participating in the DisruptJ20 planning meeting . He doubles as a digital journalist for ThinkProgress , which is a media project of the      Center for American Activist Dylan Petrohilos . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . With research by Brenda J. Elliott . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 