Mrs. Trump depicts her heightened profile as a Mrs. Trump unique ,      opportunity " to make millions of dollars in business , once again raising questions about the relationship between President Trump ’s official role and his family ’s business interests President Trump’s Mrs. Trump ’s suit , filed on Monday in a New York State court , accuses The Daily Mail , a British tabloid , of libel for reporting last year on claims that a modeling agency she worked for in the Mrs. Trump was also an escort service . The new complaint does not refer explicitly to the White House or Mr. Trump , or even her status as a candidate Mrs. Trump wife when the article was published and now as first lady . Instead , it refers to opportunities she the article " to launch Mrs. Trump    commercial brand in multiple product categories , each of which could have garnered multimillion dollar business relationships for a multiyear term during which plaintiff is one of the most photographed women in the world . " Because of the Daily Mail article , the article plaintiff ’s brand has the article significant value , " greatly reducing those opportunities . It claims $ 150 million in damages . the article spokeswoman for Mrs. Trump said she was Mr. Trump from her role as first Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump has fended off criticism Mr. Trump his business dealings around the world create conflicts of interest in his Mr. Trump role , and he has put his adult sons in Mr. Trump of his businesses rather Mr. Trump sell his Mr. Trump or put them into a Mr. Trump trust . On the Mr. Trump he took office his adult sons the White House altered its online biography of Mr. Trump Trump , after complaints that the original the White House promoted her line of jewelry . The Daily Mail published its article on Mrs. Trump Trump on Aug. 20 , quoting from a The Daily Mail in a Mrs. Trump Slovenia , Mrs. Trump ’s native country , and a book about her . She and her representatives have insisted that the claims it repeated Mrs. Trump’s false Mrs. Trump’s On Mrs. Trump’s 1 , Mrs. Trump sued The Daily Mail in a state court in Montgomery County Mrs. Trump and on the same day , the tabloid published a retraction . Last week , the Maryland court dismissed the case , saying it did not have jurisdiction . a state court in Montgomery County, Md. against Mail Media , a corporation that a state court in Montgomery County, Md. the Daily Mail ’s website , was filed in State Supreme Court in Manhattan , where the company has offices . Mrs. Trump also sued a Maryland blogger , Webster Tarpley , who published claims like those cited by The Daily Mail Maryland She settled that case on Tuesday , and her lawyer , Charles J. Harder , said Mrs. Trump a The new case against Mail Media, a corporation that operates the Daily Mail’s website Mr. Tarpley had agreed to Mrs. Trump Mrs. Trump " a substantial sum as a settlement . " 
 Mrs. Trump 