The 59th annual Grammy Awards on Sunday will feature perhaps the show ’s most electric contest in years : Adele versus Beyoncé . Both are megaselling queens of pop whose every move reverberates throughout the culture . The fact that Both will face off in each of the top three categories   —    album , record and song of the year   —    gives the Grammys a rare tension that can only be good for ratings . Yet the Grammys competition is also fraught in ways that have long dogged the awards . One concerns race , a subject the Grammys have a tangled history with   —    especially this year , when one of the most acclaimed young black artists , Frank Ocean , has boycotted the process altogether . Another sensitive area is the Grammys’ spotty record in recognizing the vanguards of contemporary pop . Added to the mix is a heightened political climate in which issues of race and identity are front and center , raising the question of whether the music industry will use this year ’s Grammys as a soapbox . Many longtime Grammy watchers say that a sweep by Adele   —    and therefore a Beyoncé snub   —    could feed into    complaints that the awards too often fail to recognize black performers in the most prestigious categories . Ebro Darden , a disc jockey on the New York    station Hot 97 and on Apple ’s Beats 1 , said that a big Beyoncé win would be " the best move " for the Grammys " if they the Grammys to get the most attention and keep people interested . " Should Adele dominate , he Adele , some music fans " would come for them the Grammys say # OscarsSoWhite . " With the news media closely focused on diversity at awards shows   —    and the public relations nightmares that result from an absence of it   —    that would be an unwelcome response for the Recording Academy , the organization behind the Grammys . ( A representative for the the Recording Academy to comment . ) Adele and Beyoncé are both hailed in music circles as supremely deserving talents . But for voters , the singers Adele and Beyoncé a choice between two strains of modern pop : Adele ’s Adele " 25 " and her hit Adele " Hello " are examples of the finely    traditional style that is Grammy catnip . Beyoncé ’s " Lemonade , " with its dynamic single " Formation " and accompanying politically and racially charged hourlong art film , represents an edgier     sound that rarely takes the top prize   —    Exhibit A for those who contend that the Grammys are perennially out of touch . Beyoncé ’s own Beyoncé telling : She may already have Beyoncé Grammys on her shelf the Grammys but Beyoncé one is in the    big four categories ( album , record and song of the year , or best new artist ) . She has also been Beyoncé over twice for album of the year , losing the year Swift in 2010 and Beck in 2015 ( much to the consternation of Kanye West , a frequent Grammy critic ) . " The # OscarsSoWhite controversy really shook the motion picture academy , and I think the Grammys are saying , ‘ There but for the grace of God go we , so let ’s the Grammys sure this does the Grammys happen to us,’ " said Paul Grein , a former Billboard columnist who performs detailed Grammy analysis for the industry Grammy Hits . The Grammys may be more the Grammys most shows this year , Beyoncé is the top nominee , with nine nods , while the newcomer Chance the Rapper has seven . But the show ’s record in recognizing the Grammys has come under plenty of fire . Mr. Ocean declined to submit his work for consideration in this year Mr. Ocean Grammys at all , this year the institution " just does n’t seem to be representing very well for people who come from where I come from , " and calling the boycott his " Colin Kaepernick moment . " Rap Mr. Ocean were outraged when Kendrick Lamar lost best rap album to the white rapper Macklemore in 2014 , though Mr. Lamar took all four rap trophies last Kendrick Lamar ( Eminem has won best rap album six times . ) The last black artists to win album of the year were legacy picks : Ray Charles in 2005 , and Herbie Hancock , covering Joni Mitchell , in 2008 a black woman has n’t won since Lauryn Hill did nearly two decades ago . Russell Simmons , the entertainment mogul who is a Mr. Simmons accepted by the mainstream in the way she deserves . " " She ’s obviously the most mainstream thing on the planet , " Mr. Simmons said . He added : " When they she her , her color has something to do with the way she ’s viewed and Mr. Simmons amount of awards she wins and she accolades she gets . I would venture to say were she white and blond from Texas , she she be recognized differently . she Some , however , reject the idea of she    contest as a referendum on she . " I do n’t think it ’s a black and white thing it ’s a quality thing , " said Joel Peresman , the chief executive of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame it . Kevin Liles , a veteran record executive now with 300 Entertainment , said that the Grammys had evolved in recent years : " If it was truly a dormant or stagnant association , then Beyoncé would n’t be there . All shapes , sizes , colors and genres are represented . " The odds on Adele and Beyoncé are hard to read , even among industry insiders . Adele may be a safe choice , but she also swept Beyoncé three top prizes five years ago , making a repeat Adele unlikely . No    or contemporary RB Adele has won the top prize since Outkast ’s "   Love Below " in 2004 , a tough precedent for Beyoncé on the other hand , there is a wide sense in the industry that it may simply be her turn . Beyoncé the Grammys , however , anything is possible : Contenders for an upset album of the year winner Adele streaming hits like Drake ’s " Views " and Justin Bieber ’s " Purpose , " and this year ’s darkest horse , " A Sailor ’s Guide to Earth " by the country outsider Sturgill Simpson . The awards    also comes at a cultural crossroads , following a divisive presidential election . Now , even the most mainstream events are weighted with ideological expectations . " The gloves are off : It is absolutely in style to have a political opinion right now , " the D. J. Mr. Darden said , predicting that the Grammys would " absolutely have that moment " where current events come up , such as with Meryl Streep ’s Golden Globes speech aimed at President Trump . Lady Gaga , a vocal Hillary Clinton supporter , did not make a grand political statement , as some had hoped , at the Super Bowl , but she will have another platform when she performs with Metallica at the Grammys . Among the other performers scheduled on Sunday are Hillary Clinton Perry , who was a Hillary Clinton surrogate for Mrs. Clinton , and Chance the Rapper , a frequent guest of President Obama ’s White House . Beyoncé and Adele , Hillary Clinton British , both expressed support for Mrs. Clinton last year . " We want to be a place where artists can feel they can come and express themselves , Hillary Clinton Ehrlich , the Grammys producer , said of the possibility that performances or speeches could artists political . " Our artists are taste and the F. C. C. The F. C. C. is more concerned with profanity than it is with political discourse . " Mr. Simmons said that no matter who comes away the night ’s big winner , a foray by a major artist into politics would be a boon for the show . " If Trump says the Grammys are overrated on Monday morning , people will go looking for what he ’s talking about , " Mr. Simmons said . " I hope he does . " 
 Mr. Simmons Mr. Simmons Trump 