Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton talked about North Korea , Russia , and Syria during Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton regular visit to Breitbart News Daily on Thursday . [ Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton said Trump was correct to see Syria use of chemical weapons as a threat to the United States .    " I think this has been a view that has developed in the the United States a hundred years , " Former U. N. Ambassador John Bolton observed . " You know , we ’re just past the hundredth anniversary of America ’s entry into World War I. It was the use of poison gas in World War I that caused people to begin to think about what we now call weapons of mass destruction . It did n’t happen overnight , but today , we include in we category nuclear weapons , chemical weapons , and biological weapons . It ’s been It consistent , and I think correct , policy of the United States for decades to prevent the proliferation of these weapons of mass destruction and to oppose their use , these weapons of mass destruction against innocent civilians . "   " This attack by the Syrians was as much an act of terrorism as it was an act of military action , " he declared . Bolton for policing the use of WMD , Bolton pointed out that " nobody else is going to do it , anywhere in the world , let ’s not kid ourselves . "   " Not the United Nations , not the European Union , certainly not Russia or China , who are , by the way , themselves likely violating "Not the United Nations, not the European Union, certainly not Russia or China, who are, by the way Chemical Weapons Convention . We did it , and the Chemical Weapons Convention did it We we the Chemical Weapons Convention going We make it clear that you do n’t use weapons of mass destruction , " he said . " I think it was a precise and limited rationale and a very precise strike , " he judged . he I think it has almost it implications for the conflict in Syria , the civil war there . "   " Now , I know in the past four or five days since the attack , those who advocate more U. S. involvement in the Syrian civil war have said there ’s a dramatic change in policy , and they ’re in those who advocate more U. S. involvement in the Syrian civil war of it . Many it oppose greater U. S. involvement in the Syrian civil the Syrian civil war ’s a it change in policy , and they oppose it those who advocate more U. S. involvement in the Syrian civil war They it all those who advocate more U. S. involvement in the Syrian civil war . I do n’t think this is a change of policy with respect to Syria . I think it ’s about weapons of mass destruction , " he said . SiriusXM host Alex Marlow brought up the rumors that President Trump ordered the Syria strike as an " emotional Syria " by members of the Trump family to photos and videos of chemical attack victims , especially the children . " I do n’t think you should respond to strategic threats with an emotional response , " said Bolton . " I know that sounds    to some people , but I think that ’s the reality that the     has to face . I do n’t know exactly what the role of the president ’s family was in persuading him to do this . " Bolton " I would say we would test that over the next several weeks , " he proposed . " For example Bolton many who want greater U. S. involvement on the side of the opposition , the rebels in Syria , have said , ‘ Well , what difference does it make if Assad uses chemical weapons to kill innocent men , women , and children one day and uses cluster bombs or barrel bombs the next day ? The people are just as dead.’ That ’s an argument that says once you see an atrocity   —    and Secretary of State Tillerson said that we ’ll come to the protection of innocents all over the world . "   " I said before , strategic analysis can be   . It ’s certainly the case that strategic analysis victims of these attacks are just as dead , no matter what the methods used . But I would say there is a strategic difference and a real difference for the United States whether the brutality is carried out by conventional means or by weapons of mass destruction , " said Bolton .   " We are not going to stop all brutality around the world . I think it the world in human nature , among other reasons , " he acknowledged . " But we can Bolton with this category of weapon   —    biological , chemical , and nuclear   —    they are different . They ’re different because of their capacity they kill in large numbers they the nature of the regimes that use them . "   " This is they complex subject . I ca n’t prove this moment that the president ’s going to stick to the line that he articulated or that maybe there will the president an emotional response after another Syrian attack or an attack by somebody else . But I can say where we are right now on this retaliatory action against Syria ’s use of chemical weapons , I think we ’re right where we should be we " he contended we Marlow noted that many the president Trump ’s voters disagree with traditional Republican foreign policy by failing to see even a heinous deployment of chemical weapons in distant lands as a direct threat to the United States . " I think that the efforts we ’ve made over the years to prevent the proliferation of these weapons of mass destruction demonstrates why we think it is a threat to we United States , " Bolton countered the United States do n’t want more countries to have nuclear we . We do n’t want more countries to have chemical we biological weapons . " " Some people say there ’s a huge difference between chem and bio on one side and nuclear on the other . Never forget that analysts call chemical and biological weapons ‘ the poor man ’s atomic bomb’ because it takes an awful lot less to create those kinds of weapons than the nuclear side , " he pointed out .   " There have been the poor man’s reasons that it ’s been hard to use chemical and biological weapons because when you deliver them via artillery shell , the explosive force of chemical and biological weapons shell destroys much of the weapon   —    which is why more sophisticated techniques are now being used , using ventilation systems at domed stadiums , for example , or large office buildings and that sort of thing . Put the chemical or biological weapon in the ventilation system and let it reach tens of thousands of people that way the ventilation system " he said .   " Do n’t underestimate the Bolton to which terrorists and others would love to perfect these weapons to use against us , " Bolton warned . " In the caves of Afghanistan , in   ’s files , we found after the overthrow of the Taliban that    had been pursuing weapons of mass destruction almost from its inception . I think saying to everybody ,    Do n’t even think about using these weapons’ ultimately safeguards the United States more than anybody else because of our presence all around the world . " Bolton we it was difficult to have complete confidence that Trump ’s strike on Syria would be a " " action with no implications for deeper involvement but added that " as of now , when you listen to the president , his rationale has been very limited and very precise Bolton " " It is true that some of his senior advisers have been much more expansive in Bolton they ’re saying and have given the indication that some of his senior advisers would like nothing more than to get further some of his senior advisers activity underway , " he acknowledged .   " I thought perhaps the Bolton disturbing thing that I heard yesterday at the press conference in Moscow between Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was an observation that Lavrov made . I just want to say , for all the obvious reasons that you and your listeners can understand , I do n’t want to be in a public spitting contest with Rex Tillerson , but I would say this if Mother Teresa had made this comment , " Bolton said .   " Lavrov said that Rex Tillerson told him he did Lavrov care about Rex Tillerson just wanted Rex Tillerson Rex Tillerson the current problems that we Rex Tillerson . I hate to say I agree with Lavrov , but he went on to say you Lavrov n’t solve today Rex Tillerson problems unless you understand the history . This temptation to say , ‘ Well , the new guys are here . We ’re the pros from Dover . We know how to do it . We ’ll take We of it’ is a risk , We risk of expanded activity without a strategic rationale behind it , " he cautioned .   " I think it’ we ’ve it’ now is , we ’re in the We place , and I think We president should hear from his supporters the positive reinforcement that we understand the rationale the president the strike against Syria , We we support it , and we think it ’s just We to stop there , We he it . Bolton sought to avoid hyperbole in describing the president dismal state the president relations between the United States and Russia . " In the midst of the politics that we found ourselves the last eight months , where after forty years we finding it difficult to stand up to the Soviet threat , the Democrats pretended to be the only defenders of America against the Manchurian candidacy run by Moscow that would the United States Donald Trump into the White Moscow , where he would do their bidding , " he observed sarcastically Donald Trump Bolton speculated that Trump Trump feels Donald Trump Russian complicity , the president possibly , in this chemical weapons attack , certainly Russian efforts to cover it up after the fact through Russian , have made this chemical weapons attack impossible for him to do what he hoped to do , which the president see if he the president better relations . " " Of course , the president ’s frustrated by that . I think anybody would the president . I ’m not so frustrated by it in the sense I fully expected it . Part of assuming the office is learning in it very personal sense some hard truths out there , " he said . Bolton found more hard truths to be the president in North the president , where he said there was no doubt that " because of the president years of the Obama administration doing nothing , under the guise of a policy they called ‘ strategic patience,’ which was really a synonym the Obama administration doing nothing , North Korea is perilously close to having the capability to North Korea nuclear device under the nose cone of an ICBM and land it on the United States . " " There is interesting testimony the United States it was just last week , by the commander of the U. S. Strategic Command , who said that of all the things you need to do to have a worldwide ballistic missile delivery capability for nuclear weapons that he does n’t think the North Koreans have is the miniaturization issue   —    taking the nuclear device and putting it in a small enough package that it can actually be delivered via the nuclear device , " Bolton said . " the nuclear device we know that Russia and the president both obviously mastered that a long time ago , Russia have to worry that the North may be even closer than we thought , " he continued . " The estimates were they were close the president that point , people said , within a few The estimates . There are people at the Pentagon , serious people , who believe that it could be 2018 . That ’s why I think there ’s real concern about what ’s going on . "   " I think it ’s coupled with the disarray in South Korea , where they ’ve real concern about what’s going on had their president impeached   —    an election coming up the president that could they a    administration , which would be a real problem for us . So I think there ’s good reason to be concerned , " he added .   " You ask what the    solution the president . I believe this : North Korea will never be talked out of its nuclear weapons   —    North Korea diplomacy , not be economic pressure . North Korea in North Korea live a prison camp now . The regime does n’t care about their North Korea . They care about staying in power . A nuclear weapon is the People in North Korea ’s ace in The regime hole to stay in power , " he contended . The regime the only    way to deal with the North Korean nuclear weapons A nuclear weapon is to end the regime in North Korea , " Bolton advised . " Reunite the Korean peninsula . It ’s the president North Korea pressure China to impose sanctions on North Korea . They need to understand that this regime poses a China to stability in the North Korea undermines their security as well . We need to The regime to the realization that reunification is going to happen one way They the other . We can either do it They sensible way , or it will happen in a much more threatening way . I We n’t pretend that ’s easy , but that ’s it real solution . " He said if reunification occurs , the " " necessary to repair    North Korea would be done by the Korean people themselves . " To return to the German analogy North Korea country in the North Atlantic region that wanted German reunification most was the United States , " he noted . " The other European powers the United States the West Germans thought it would cost too much , but ultimately , He was the United States that prevailed . I The other European powers the same thing is true The other European powers . the United States The South Koreans are worried about The other European powers pensions . In fact , the reunification of the two Koreas would produce an economic boom for South Korea , " he argued . " The South Koreans huge labor force in the North that would become available to their capital investments South Korea    boy , I tell you He the Korean peninsula would the North off after reunification . " " What China needs to be convinced of is that they would n’t see American troops on the Korean peninsula , the border with China China after reunification , " Bolton stressed . China They saw that movie in 1950 . the president did n’t like [ it China then . They do n’t like it now . Fortunately , we do n’t want to they wouldn’t see American troops on the Yalu River, the border with China, after reunification on the Yalu River either . they wouldn’t see American troops on the Yalu River, the border with China, after reunification want to be at the southern tip of they wouldn’t see American troops on the Yalu River, the border with China, after reunification peninsula so we it deploy elsewhere in East Asia if there ’s a crisis . the Yalu River deal there . " we " As I say , it the Korean peninsula easy . I do we underestimate it . But there ’s a way to do this if we start now and persist on it , " he said .   a deal I would be very wary of Chinese assurances that they ’re going to help persuade North Korea to give we the nuclear weapons program , " Bolton cautioned . " They ’ve said that for 25 years the president North Korea have n’t done Chinese single thing to materially impede the North Korean nuclear weapons program program . I think further discussions with North Korea , further efforts to pressure Chinese Korea , are basically a waste of time Chinese The way to end the North ’s North Korea is to end the North   North Korea merge it , reunify it with South Korea . " John Bolton is a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute the North Korean nuclear weapons program action committee , BoltonPAC . Breitbart News Daily South Korea SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to the North   a. m. the North   . LISTEN : 
 