A plan by President Donald Trump ’s administration to " extreme vet’ foreign refugees entering the U. S. in the hundreds every week could include an ideological test . [ The Trump Administration is looking at a number of ways to vet foreigners entering the U. S. through a more rigorous , extensive process that would include asking whether or not an individual has the same values as American citizens , according to a report by the Wall Street Journal .   Officials working on the vetting process also said foreigners could be asked to disclose their social foreigners passwords , past financial records and cell phone data —   coupled with questions on ideology . Director of the Center for Immigration Studies ( CIS ) Mark Krikorian told Breitbart Texas that he thinks Mark Krikorian    vetting process being considered is " necessary . " " The idea is that we should n’t just screen people who may commit violence against us , we that we should we be keeping out people who hate our values we " Krikorian said Mark Krikorian an interview . " Especially for immigrants , people who are going to be here . It ’s less important for foreign tourists . But , we should try to keep people out from our society who hate us . we Krikorian said Mark Krikorian unlike Trump ’s twice    executive order which halted travel flow into the U. S. from specific countries , the vetting process would need to apply to all newcomers . " It ca n’t be    because you could have people who hate our values coming from any country , " Krikorian said Mark Krikorian The Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) said Trump ’s promise of extreme vetting remained important , predominantly as a national security issue . " If there is any doubt about a person ’s intentions coming to the United States , they should have to overcome —   really and truly prove to our satisfaction —   that they are they for legitimate reasons , " Senior Counselor to Secretary John Kelly , Gene Hamilton told the Wall Street Journal . Most recently , Breitbart News reported how the State Department is increasing the number of refugees that are admitted into the U. S. pushing that figure to about 900 per week . Refugee resettlement expert Ann Corcoran told Breitbart Texas that major reforms to the refugee program are imperative under the Trump Administration . " This is our only opportunity right now to reform the refugee the refugee program Corcoran said Refugee resettlement expert Ann Corcoran an interview . " If it does n’t happen now , it will never be it . " Corcoran says Refugee resettlement expert Ann Corcoran executive order to slow the flow of refugees being resettled from primarily    nations is not necessary , telling Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas " has enormous power over this issue . " " I am particularly concerned that the Trump Administration does n’t understand the program , " Corcoran the refugee program " And I ’m afraid they ’re being rolled by the the Trump Administration . " John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Breitbart Texas on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 John Binder 