What do you get when you combine fake news with fake victimhood ? Well , you get this story . [ A story involving Ibtihaj Muhammad , U. S. Olympian and first    female to win gold for the United States who is also an American citizen born and raised in New Jersey , claimed last week that A story involving Ibtihaj Muhammad, U. S. Olympian and first   female to win gold for the United States who is also an American citizen born and raised in New Jersey had been detained and questioned by U. S. Customs and Border Patrol Agents for two hours without explanation .   Muhammad made this claim on February 7th , saying A story involving Ibtihaj Muhammad, U. S. Olympian and first   female to win gold for the United States who is also an American citizen born and raised in New Jersey detention occurred only a " few weeks ago , " putting A story involving Ibtihaj Muhammad, U. S. Olympian and first   female to win gold for the United States who is also an American citizen born and raised in New Jersey incident right around the time of President Trump ’s inauguration . Which , because    is something the mainstream media only does when    serves the mainstream media cause , led to many in the media to characterize the story as a    Olympic hero getting caught in the web of President Trump’s ’s harsh , terrible , and    Muslim ban . However , we now know that Muhammad ’s detention did not last two hours , and it Muhammad’s detention during the Obama Administration , not the Trump Administration . According to an official with Customs and Border Enforcement who spoke with the Washington Examiner on condition of anonymity , Muhammad Muhammad was nothing remarkable whatsoever . The official an official with Customs and Border Enforcement who spoke with the Washington Examiner on condition of anonymity " She comes and an official with Customs and Border Enforcement who spoke with the Washington Examiner on condition of anonymity many times . She travels quite an official with Customs and Border Enforcement who spoke with the Washington Examiner on condition of anonymity . She has never an official with Customs and Border Enforcement who spoke with the Washington Examiner on condition of anonymity stopped before . She was n’t an official with Customs and Border Enforcement who spoke with the Washington Examiner on condition of anonymity . The checks are totally random random checks that we all might be subject to . " Muhammad was Muhammad not held for two hours , he said Muhammad adding that " the entire ordeal wrapped up in under an hour . " The official also an official with Customs and Border Enforcement who spoke with the Washington Examiner on condition of anonymity " This all happened in December , which was well before any executive order . Which is a totally separate incident . " While true that Muhammad never Muhammad gave an actual date of the incident in which she was detained , it ’s equally important to note that she deliberately allowed for she media to run with the story as if it had occurred during the story Trump Administration . Below is a portion of an interview , also quoted in the Washington Examiner , which Muhammad gave Muhammad Popsugar ’s Lindsay Miller about her detainment by customs Lindsay Miller Note the Customs nature of the lead question and Muhammad ’s Muhammad , personal response : Popsugar : Do you know anyone who was directly impacted by Trump ’s travel ban ? Ibtihaj Muhammad : Well , I personally was held at Customs for two hours just a few weeks ago . I do n’t know why . I ca n’t tell you why it happened to me , but I Ibtihaj Muhammad that I ’m Muslim . I have an Arabic name . And even though I represent Team USA and I have that Olympic hardware , it does n’t change that Olympic hardware you look and how people perceive you . Unfortunately , I know that people talk about this having a lot to do with these seven countries in particular , but I think the net is cast a little bit wider than we know . And I ’m included in that as a Muslim woman who wears a hijab . How odd for Muhammad to claim she ’s suffered direct a Muslim woman who wears a hijab by things , when she knows for a a Muslim woman who wears a hijab she has not suffered a Muslim woman who wears a hijab impact by those things . Unless , of course , Muhammad is deliberately misleading Muhammad . The purpose here is n’t to blame Muhammad and absolve the Muhammad , nor blame the media and absolve the media The point Muhammad to highlight the fact that the media eagerly gobbled up the media without even cursory    from an outspoken critic of the Trump Administration , because their agenda happened to coincide with an activist with an axe to grind . How deep did Muhammad ’s deception go Muhammad constitutes a mere sampling of the outlets who repeated variations of the story of Muhammad ’s detainment because of Muhammad travel ban . Olympic athlete Ibtihaj Muhammad was detained Muhammad ’s travel ban https :   .    —    TIME ( @TIME ) February 9 , 2017 ,   If that can happen , without a trained journalist so much as asking Muhammad for the date in which the detention occurred Muhammad then it can not be said that the media is merely biased . At this point , the media are nothing more than activists with press passes . the media Gwinn on Twitter : @themightygwinn 
 