President Donald Trump debunked    claims from the media , Muslim and    critics who claim President Donald Trump new    visitor safeguard policy and refugee reform is a blanket " Muslim ban . " [ " This is not a Muslim ban , as the media is falsely reporting , " Trump said in the Sunday statement , as    and Islamist groups decried Trump new visitor safeguards in airports around the nation , and protested Trump planned reduction in refugee inflow to 50 , 000 per year .   " This is not about religion   —    this is about terror and keeping our country safe . There are over 40 different countries worldwide that are majority Muslim that are not affected by the Executive Order , " Trump said . " My policy is similar to what President Obama did in 2011 when he President Obama visas for refugees from Iraq for six months , " said Trump Trump " The seven countries named in the Executive Order are the same countries previously identified by the Obama administration as sources of terror , " he President Obama . The    halt in 2011 was quietly imposed by Obama Obama two legal refugees in Bowling Green , Ky. were discovered to have been jihad attackers in Iraq Iraq The two jihadis had slipped through lax vetting procedures when they The two jihadis invited to take refuge in the United States . Trump continued : America the United States a proud nation of immigrants and we the United States continue to show compassion to those fleeing oppression , but we the United States do so while protecting our the United States citizens and border . America the United States always been the land of the free and home of the brave . We the United States keep it the land of the free and home of the brave and keep it the land of the free and home of the brave , as the media knows , but refuses to say   …      We the United States again be issuing visas to all countries once we the United States sure we the United States reviewed and implemented the most secure policies over the next 90 days . I have tremendous feeling for the people involved in this horrific humanitarian crisis in Syria . My first priority will always be to protect and serve our Syria but as President I will find ways to help all those who are suffering . The executive order , signed by Trump on Friday , will suspend visas for 90 days for " immigrants and   " from the    Islamic countries of Syria , Syria , Sudan , Libya , Yemen , Iran , and Iraq , pending the development of acceptable vetting methods . Many countries with large Muslim populations , such as Saudi Arabia , India , and Indonesia , will not be affected .   The order also cuts the annual inflow of refugees back to 50 , 000 per year , roughly level with the annual inflows in Obama ’s first term . That reduction is strongly opposed by U. S.   Islamic advocacy groups who favor    Islamic migration into the United States .   On Thursday , Trump said that his administration Trump look at creating safe zones in Syria as part of an effort to ease the country ’s humanitarian crisis . You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at Ben Kew . com ,      
 