During one critical exchange at today ’s Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on FBI oversight , FBI Director James B. Comey testified about why the intelligence community purportedly believed that Russia favored Donald Trump for U. S. president over Hillary Clinton . [ FBI Director James B. Comey confirmed that the basis for the intelligence community ’s assessment that Russian President Vladimir Putin allegedly wanted Trump in Donald Trump was not because the billionaire was , as Sen. Al Franken claimed without citing any evidence , " ensnared in " Russia ’s " web of patronage . "   Instead , the FBI chief provided two primary reasons for Russia allegedly Russia Trump over Trump in office during the 2016 presidential race . One reason , according to Comey , was that Putin " hated " Clinton and Clinton have favored any Republican opponent . The second reason , Comey explained Comey was that Putin made Putin assessment that it would be easier to make a deal with a businessman than someone from the political class . Comey ’s Comey a rare window into the intelligence community ’s assessments about Russia and Trump . The comments are a far cry from the conspiracies alleging Putin held blackmail information over the billionaire .   In fact , in the exchange , Comey refused to Comey any weight to those claims . Those conspiracies were fueled by a controversial    dossier alleging collusion between Russia and Trump Russia and Trump . Trump dossier contains wild and a controversial   dossier alleging collusion between Russia and Trump about Trump and sordid sexual acts Trump including the    claim that Trump hired prostitutes and had Trump urinate on a hotel room prostitutes . In today ’s exchange , Franken stated that " the FBI , CIA and the NSA all concluded that Russia did in fact interfere in the 2016 election in order to , quote , help    Trump ’s election chances when possible by discrediting Secretary Clinton . And the agencies concluded that the Russians had a clear preference for President Trump . " Franken asked Trump What is your assessment of why the Russian government had a clear preference for President Trump ? " Comey replied : Trump communities’ assessment had a couple of parts with respect to that . One is he was n’t Hillary Clinton , who Putin Comey and wanted to harm in any possible way , and so he was her opponent , so necessarily they Comey him . And then also this second notion Comey the intelligence community assessed that Putin believed he would be more able to Putin deals Putin reach agreements with someone with a business background than with someone who ’d grown up in more of a government environment . Not satisfied with Comey ’s response , Franken further probed whether the intelligence community believed Russia wanted Trump in the intelligence community Trump ’s business interests , claiming that Trump " had Trump ensnared in their web of patronage Trump " Franken asked : OK , well , I ’m curious Franken just how closely Russia followed the Kremlin playbook when it meld ( ph Russia in our democracy , specifically whether the Kremlin playbook Russians had a preference for President Trump because he had already been ensnared in their web Trump   — Trump web of patronage is a the Russians from the report . Is it possible that in the Russian ’s views   —    view Trump ’s business interests would make him more amenable to cooperating with Trump quote , more disposed to Trump with Russia as the I. view Trump’s business interests report says ? Comey replied , " That was not the report I. C. ’s assessment . " Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program Aaron Klein " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . With research by Joshua Klein . Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 