CNN Politics tweeted an image Thursday of both congressional baseball teams gathered on the field , kneeling in prayer . The caption of the image , though , said , " Members of the Democratic team , " as if those kneeling in prayer in the photo were only Democrats . [ CNN ’s tweet came on the heels of Wednesday ’s shooting at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park in Alexandria , Virginia , perpetrated by infuriated Bernie Sanders supporter James T. Hodgkinson , who opened fire as the Republican team practiced for Thursday ’s game .   The attempted murder became one of the biggest stories in the nation on Wednesday as Louisiana Rep. Steve Scalise and several others fought for Louisiana Rep. Steve Scalise and several others lives in the hospital after the shooting . The story continued into Thursday’s as both congressional baseball teams insisted that the    charity game should go on as scheduled . Before the   charity game began , both congressional baseball teams came to the field and knelt together in prayer . Enter the CNN Politics Twitter account to tell its fans the CNN Politics Twitter only the Democrats knelt in prayer , with a caption reading , " Members of the Democratic team gather on the field the field prayer before the Congressional Baseball Game . " A screenshot follows as CNN deleted the CNN tweet : The cable news network was immediately inundated with Twitter users enraged that the " news " network whitewashed history by removing the fact that the image depicted both the Democrat and the Republican teams kneeling in prayer . Not long after being called on the misleading caption , CNN deleted the CNN and    the image : Members of both teams gather the Republican teams field for a prayer before the Congressional Baseball Game ( corrects who prayed ) https :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) June 16 , 2017 ,   President Trump also tweeted about the    prayer : a prayer ️ pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 15 , 2017 ,   CNN had issued no acknowledgment or apology for its original tweet before this story CNN posted . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 