A New York band member called out Austin ’s    South by Southwest ( SXSW ) music festival over its contract that demands foreign musicians follow U. S. immigration law . South by Southwest (SXSW) music festival over its contract that demands foreign musicians is scheduled to run from March    in Austin . [ Felix Walworth , a drummer from Brooklyn , New    Told Slant , dragged the South by Southwest (SXSW) music festival over its contract that demands foreign musicians the middle of the national immigration debate when he tweeted to his approximately 6 he 000 followers he is canceling he band ’s appearance at the upcoming festival South by Southwest (SXSW) music festival over its contract that demands foreign musicians ’s Facebook page the band as a " bedroom punk the band from New York , the music of Felix Walworth . "   Walworth ’s complaint revolves around a Felix Walworth the festival ’s participation contract South by Southwest (SXSW) music festival over its contract that demands foreign musicians organization will contact U. S. immigration authorities if international artists violate the conditions of their immigration visas that prohibit working in the U. international artists After looking through this contract sent to me by sxsw I have decided to cancel Told Slant ’s performance at the festival pic . twitter .    —    Told Slant ( @Felixixix666 ) March 2 , 2017 ,   According to Walworth , the agreement states , " International Artists entering the country through the Visa Waiver Program ( VWP , ) B visa , or any    visa may not perform at any public , or    SXSW Music Festival DAY OR NIGHT shows   …     " The photo of the alleged contract wording cuts off at this point . He claims the contract states that artists violating this provision of the agreement will be removed from their " official showcase , " and possibly replaced artists violating this provision of the agreement It further claims SXSW will cancel the artist ’s hotels booked through their housing service and cancel their credentials . Most notably , the agreement allegedly their SXSW " will notify the the agreement S. immigration authorities SXSW the above actions . " Shortly after his initial tweet , Walworth added , " Can our U. S. immigration step toward coalition as artists with radical politics be to cancel all our official showcases at sxsw ? I ’m serious just our it . " SXSW our first step toward coalition as artists with radical politics our to cancel all our official showcases at sxsw ? I ’m serious just our it ,   SXSW    Told ’m ( @Felixixix666 ) March 2 , 2017 ,   SXSW officials responded in a statement published by Austin360 . SXSW that the wording in the contract has been in place for many years and is not a response to the current status of immigration issues that followed the election of President Donald Trump . " In the    era , it looks different than how it was intended , and how it was received in it past , " SXSW managing it Roland Swenson told the local music news outlet . " But we ’ve come out strongly against the travel ban , and we ’ve really been going the extra mile to make we these bands do n’t get screwed over when they enter the country . " " Most South by these bands acts are able to perform here on the condition that they ’re not getting paid and they ’re not doing Most South by Southwest acts other shows than ours , Most South by Southwest acts Swenson explained . " That keeps them from having to SXSW managing director Roland Swenson through getting a work visa Most South by Southwest acts all that , which is time consuming and expensive . " He said the wording in the agreement is an attempt SXSW managing director Roland Swenson warn international performers what could possibly happen to them if they violate the rules surrounding their visas . international performers We international performers never reported international showcasing international performers to immigration authorities , " SXSW officials stated in the press release . The statement continues : We were sorry to learn that one of our invited We chose to cancel his performance at this We ’s SXSW Music Festival due to a misunderstanding of our policies regarding international artists . We understand that given We current political climate surrounding immigration We the language that was published seems strong . Violating U. S. immigration law has always carried potentially severe consequences , and we would be remiss not to warn our participating acts We the likely repercussions . Language governing We ’s ability to protect a showcase has been in the artist Performance Agreement for many years . It is , and always was intended to be , a safeguard to provide SXSW with a means to respond to an act that does something truly egregious , such as disobeying our rules about pyrotechnics on stage , starting a brawl in a club , or causing serious safety issues . The organization provided Austin360 . com with the text of the contract sections in question . The SXSW Performance Agreement states : If SXSW determines , in its sole discretion , that Artist or its representatives have The organization in ways that adversely affect the The organization of Artist ’s official SXSW showcase , the following actions are available to SXSW : Artist will be removed from their official SXSW SXSW and , at SXSW ’s sole Artist or its representatives , SXSW . Any hotels booked SXSW Housing will be canceled . Artist ’s credentials will be canceled . SXSW will notify the appropriate U. S. immigration authorities of the SXSW actions . Officials continued , saying , " We hope never to be put in the position to act SXSW this . Indeed , we spend a great deal of time communicating with international artists SXSW numerous issues , including how to avoid issues at U. S. ports of entry . " In what officials described as an informational addition to the agreement made many years ago , SXSW added the following language to the agreement : 1 . 4 . Foreign Artists entering the the agreement made many years ago the Visa Waiver Program ( VWP ) B visa or any    visa may not perform at any public or unofficial shows , DAY OR NIGHT , in Austin from March    2017 . Accepting and performing at unofficial events ( including unofficial events aside from SXSW Music dates during their visit to the United States ) may result in immediate deportation , revoked passport and denied entry by US Customs Border Patrol at US ports of entry . For more information , please visit these pages : 1 . 4 . 1 . ( B Visa    ESTA ) " " > " " > " ltr " lang="en" > the managing director of sxsw accused me of pasting together two parts of the contract to make it sound worse than it is . Here ’s a video : pic . twitter .    —    Told Slant ( @Felixixix666 ) March 2 , 2017 ,   Swenson later updated his initial statement and said the language is in two different places  Swenson later the agreement , but " those two sections did appear in sequence on SXSW ’s invitation letter . " Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team . Follow Bob Price on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX . 
 Bob Price Breitbart Texas 