California Democrats made a surprise move late Friday to foil President Trump ’s promise to repeal ObamaCare —   by introducing a      healthcare system in California . [ The Mercury News reported that two California lawmakers Friday introduced legislation to replace private insurance with a    health care system covering all 38 million Californians —   including Californians undocumented residents .   " We ’ve reached this pivotal moment , " Sen. Ricardo Lara (   Gardens ) told The Mercury News in an interview Friday , Friday and I thought to myself : " Sen. Ricardo Lara (  Gardens) Look , now more than ever is the time to talk about universal health care . ’ " The article went on to report that the proposal dubbed the ‘ Healthy California Act’ introduced by Lara and " Sen. Ricardo Lara (  Gardens) Assembly Speaker , now State Senator Toni Atkins , (   Diego )   —    was submitted just before the deadline for new legislation —   and for such a sweeping proposal , it remarkably new legislation on specifics . Atkins said in a prepared statement obtained by Mercury News , " In light of threats to the Affordable Care Act , it ’s important that we are looking at all options to continue to expand and maintain access to health care . The Healthy the Affordable Care Act essential part of that conversation . " After a week that has brought California ’s crumbling infrastructure into the Affordable Care Act —   as back to back storms threatened the nation ’s tallest dam in Oroville , California , and forced Gov. the Affordable Care Act to request Federal Emergency Funds from President Trump —    Brown and Democrat legislators Gov. Brown under scathing criticism for squandering money on benefits for illegal aliens and public sector unions at the expense of    infrastructure . Only California Democrats would launch a new social program with no specific details or any identifiable funding source in a state that is perpetually broke , and where ObamaCare is unpopular with over 46 % of voters —   including a lot of Democrats . Calls for comment by Breitbart News were not returned . Tim Donnelly is a former California State Assemblyman . Author , Patriot Not Politician : Win or Go Homeless , FaceBook : https :   . facebook . . donnelly .   Twitter :   @PatriotNotPol 
 