WASHINGTON   —    Republican congressional aides have set Republican congressional aides iPhones to flutter every time President Trump hurls a thunderbolt on Twitter . Senators nod politely at President Trump false claims of mass voter fraud during private White House meetings . The congressional morning briefing literature now includes a rundown of overnight and    social media missives from Mr. Trump . " It does n’t take that long to read ’em , " said Senator Bob Corker , Republican of Tennessee . After three weeks in the White House , Mr. Trump has made clear that he is going Mr. Trump continue promulgating conspiracy theories , flinging personal insults and saying things that are plainly untrue . And the    House and Senate seem to have made a collective decision : They will accommodate the   House and Senate —    not confront   —    his conduct as Mr. Trump as he signs their Mr. Trump conservative the   House and Senate on taxes , regulations and health care into law . " There ’s a widely held view among our members that , yes , he ’s going Mr. Trump say things on a daily basis that we ’re not going to like , " said Senator John Thune of South Dakota , the    Senate Republican , " but that the broad legislative agenda and goals that we have   —    if we can stay we on those and try and get that stuff enacted   —    those would be big wins . " Such accommodation is coming at a price , attracting incredulous or angry constituents to town hall meetings , leaving members    when presented with the latest presidential provocation and testing the capacity of now perpetually clogged phone lines on Capitol Hill . Some of this would have happened under any Republican president   —    lawmakers were quick to note the ferocity of protests under President George W. Bush . But much of it is unique to Mr. Trump , whose rampaging presidency has spurred uncommon civic engagement even in    districts . " What is your line in the sand ? " a retired Utah teacher demanded last week of Representative Jason Chaffetz , the Republican chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , who slogged through a    forum back home . But at least for now , that is a price Republicans seem willing to pay . In effect , congressional Republicans have sought to compartmentalize Mr. Trump ’s presidency , adopting a    approach . They reach for congressional Republicans more appealing offerings , such as the Supreme Court nominee , Judge Neil M. Gorsuch , and avert their gaze from congressional Republicans appetizing or , to some , downright indefensible elements ( America is not so different from Vladimir V. Putin ’s Russia ) which would have surely drawn relentless rebukes if uttered by President Barack Obama . Some lawmakers take comfort knowing that the president ’s President Barack Obama did n’t hurt their campaigns , and they Some lawmakers used the electoral Some lawmakers as a justification unto itself , suggesting   —    as Mr. Trump has constantly   —    that his campaign success validates his Mr. Trump . " He Mr. Trump a unique personality Mr. Trump to be sure , " acknowledged Senator John Cornyn of Texas Mr. Cornyn gotten this far Mr. Trump way he is , and I Mr. Trump that probably leads him to think , well Mr. Trump it ’s working for him so far , so Mr. Trump change ? " And Republican lawmakers do not mind ? " As long as we ’re able to get things done , " Mr. Cornyn said . Individual Republican senators have criticized the president in mostly isolated cases , none more vocally than Senator John McCain of Arizona , who blasted the president ’s comparison between Mr. Putin ’s extrajudicial killings and American conduct the president recently expressed concerns about a military raid in Yemen that resulted in the death of an American commando and multiple civilians . Often , the president has taken note   —    in brushback pitches that serve as the president if not to Mr. McCain , then to lawmakers who might emulate him . " He ’s been losing so long he does n’t know how to Mr. McCain anymore , Mr. McCain Mr. Trump wrote of Mr. Mr. McCain on Twitter on Thursday morning , calling to mind Mr. Trump ’s suggestion Mr. McCain campaign that Mr. McCain was not a war hero because he had been captured in combat . Hours Mr. McCain Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , Mr. McCain Democratic leader , went to the Senate floor and lamented the attacks on Mr. McCain and other Republicans . Senator Orrin G. Hatch , Republican of Utah , then followed   —    and seemed far Mr. Hatch would choose his words a little more carefully , " Mr. Hatch said of the president . " On the other hand , I kind of he him refreshing , that he does n’t take any guff from anybody . " Privately , lawmakers and members of their staffs have pleaded Mr. Hatch Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Hatch circle for more discipline from the president and his White House . " We might talk to the vice president , but certainly not for public attribution , " Mr. Cornyn said Mr. Trump’s Vice President Mike Pence , who joins Senate the president week at their regular luncheons in the Capitol . By and Mr. Trump’s though , Republicans in Congress are treating Mr. Trump as an individual to be worked around Senate Republicans his own administration . " I think we can get a lot done with the people around him , " Mr. McCain said , dismissing policy pronouncements Mr. Trump Mr. Trump that often differ from Republicans in Congress the day before . " Practically patting Mr. Trump Mr. Trump the head Mr. Trump Lamar Alexander , Republican of Tennessee , Mr. Trump " If he pays attention to people like General Kelly when he ’s Mr. Trump travel restriction and if he appoints people like Neil Gorsuch when he ’s making appointments , he Mr. Trump be rewarded for that by all the praise General Kelly and maybe he ’ll do more of General Kelly . " ( Former Gen. John General Kelly Kelly is the Homeland General Kelly secretary . ) In hopes of repairing their relationship with Congress after General Kelly botched rollout of the travel ban , Mr. General Kelly courted congressional Republicans . In addition to Mr. Pence with his weekly visits , Marc Short , Mr. Trump ’s chief legislative liaison , has already become ubiquitous in the Capitol . And powerful senators are enjoying significant attention : Mr. McCain , the Mr. Pence Services Committee chairman , said he Mr. Trump’s three conversations with Michael T. Flynn , the national security adviser , and a breakfast with Jim Mattis , the defense secretary . Mr. Hatch , who is chairman of the Finance Mr. McCain, the Armed Services Committee chairman , had a    meeting with Mr. Trump in the White House . And Mr. Alexander , the chairman of the health and education panel , was invited to the White House last Thursday for lunch with Mr. Trump . Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader , said there was " a high level of satisfaction " with the new White House the White House members cared little about " Mr. Trump in the White House tweets . " The deflection is bicameral . When a reporter recently noted that the House speaker , Paul D. Ryan , had often declined the White House the the White House of the day , " Mr. Ryan lit up . " You got my talking points down already ! " he said , before gently fielding the White House question about Mr. Trump ’s attacks on the federal judge who halted his travel ban . " Look , he ’s Paul D. Ryan first president to get frustrated with a ruling from a court , " Mr. Paul D. Ryan said with a shrug . While the détente between an    president and its    leaders on Capitol Mr. Trump’s may seem wholly transactional , some Mr. Trump’s say the fury on the left toward Mr. Trump along with the denunciations from many news Paul D. Ryan helped forge his bond with the voters that he and congressional Republicans share ,    in the    House . When the president addressed congressional Republicans at their retreat in Philadelphia last month , Mr. Trump ’s aside about news coverage   —    " nothing fair Mr. Trump the media , " he Mr. Trump with a sneer   —    earned perhaps the most enthusiastic applause . " While congressional Republicans upset The congressional Republicans York Times , Hollywood , Mr. Trump of ‘ Hamilton’ and the groups marching in the streets , it is not upsetting to the Mr. Trump that elected these members and senators , " Sam Geduldig , a Republican lobbyist , said of Mr. Trump ’s behavior . " There is a feeling that if those groups are against you , you ’re doing the right thing . " More skeptical Republicans believe that lawmakers are deluding themselves if they treat Mr. Trump as a normal president   Mr. Trump’s but tolerable , like a colorful uncle at Thanksgiving dinner . " They ’re mostly ignoring him , humoring him occasionally while the rest of the family Mr. Trump in the White House fine , enjoys the turkey and watches lawmakers game lawmakers " said William Kristol , the former editor of The Weekly Standard . " But Mr. Trump in the White House ’s not Mr. Trump in the White House a bit player or lawmakers guest . He ’s the president . " And in the Capitol , he can never be ignored for long . Strolling to a meeting last week , last week Mr. Trump in the White House the president the latest Trump controversy : The president had just Mr. Trump in the White House the retailer Nordstrom for dropping the Capitol Ivanka ’s accessories and Mr. Trump in the White House line . The senator flashed a broad smile . " Did the president ? " he asked . 
 the president Mr. Trump Mr. Corker Mr. Corker Mr. Corker 