( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . the Supreme Court refused to reinstate President Trump ’s targeted travel ban , delivering a stinging judicial rebuke to his administration . President Trump’s ruling focused on the narrow question of whether the ban should President Trump’s targeted travel ban while courts consider its lawfulness , and The ruling likely to be quickly appealed to the Supreme Court . The executive order suspended travel from seven predominantly Muslim countries and limited the nation ’s refugee program . Above , families were reunited in Chicago this week . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . An " unusually fast and intense " snowstorm shut down cities across the Northeast . Up to 14 inches fell across the New York area , and parts of New England could get up to 18 inches . Some places got a rare " thundersnow , " which is    …      exactly what it sounds like . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Concerns over conflicts of interest pushed the White House to " counsel " a top Trump adviser . Kellyanne Conway may have violated federal ethics rules by urging people to buy Ivanka Trump ’s fashion products during a television appearance . That came just a day after Mr. Trump lashed out Ivanka Trump’s for dropping his daughter ’s line of Ivanka Trump’s , jewelry and accessories . On today ’s episode of our podcast , The Daily , we get an influential investor ’s take on the postelection market euphoria and discuss how the Republicans empowered Senator Elizabeth Warren . Listen here if you ’re on a computer , here if you have an iOS device or here for an Android device . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . A     Arizona woman who illegally crossed the border from Mexico when she was 14 was deported A    Arizona woman who illegally crossed the border from Mexico protests and tears . The immigration officials she met with regularly for A    Arizona woman who illegally crossed the border from Mexico declined to carry out a deportation order   —    until the Trump administration broadened the definition of " criminal alien , " which may affect the majority of unauthorized immigrants . " The only crime my mother committed was to go to work to give a better life for her children , " her my mother said . _ my mother _ _ _ 5 . Friday is the anniversary of the 1979 revolution that established the Islamic Republic of Iran , but some Iranians do n’t want to join in the tradition , cherished among    of burning American flags . Many Iranians were heartened by the backlash to Mr. Trump ’s travel ban , which targeted Iran and six other nations Iran " Look at the kindness Iranians received at U. S. airports by those protesting Trump , " said one . " We insult those people when we burn their flag . We _ those people _ _ _ 6 . Mr. Trump and his advisers appear to be curtailing their provocative    moves as Mr. Trump and his advisers develop a strategy on Mr. Trump and his advisers    conflict that enlists Arab nations like Saudi Arabia and Egypt to break years of gridlock . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel , who is set to visit the United States next week , has been focused on trying to counter the rise of Iran with the same regional allies . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Mystery assassinations in eastern Ukraine : Half a dozen commanders in the    separatist army have been killed far from the front lines since 2015 . Ukrainian officials deny any involvement , and say the deaths could be infighting   —    or efforts by Russia to consolidate control by eliminating erratic , if popular , local commanders on their own side . _ Ukrainian officials _ _ _ 8 . They do n’t talk about Ukrainian officials much , but almost half of all Americans in their early 20s get parental Ukrainian officials to pay the rent . Those in the art and design fields get the most help , an average of $ 3 , 600 a year . It ’s a new example of how economic advantages continue well into the opening chapters of adulthood , giving young people from wealthier families more time to develop skills that can lead to higher incomes . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . Bob Costas is ending his    run as NBC Bob Costas    Olympics host . When the network goes to the Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang , South Korea , next year , the baton will be passed to Mike Tirico , who recently joined NBC from ESPN . Mr. NBC will also scale Bob Costas other work at NBC , Bob Costas focus on offering NBC and features for major events . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , what makes a good dancer ? Researchers asked 200 people to rate 39 avatars based on female dancers , an experiment in what they call " social cognition " Researchers —    how bits of perceptual information feed large inferences . The conclusion : It ’s all about the hips . One of the study ’s authors helpfully suggested that " there is no harm in trying to throw different moves at the disco . " _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays Your Evening Briefing m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 