Mr. Puzder’s has come under fire for criticizing worker protections , acknowledged on Monday that he had employed an undocumented immigrant to clean his house . The revelation potentially could derail a nomination President Trump has elicited controversy because of Mr. Puzder President Trump views on overtime pay , sick leave and automation . The confirmation of Mr. Puzder , a    chain executive , has stalled as he tries to divest holdings . " My wife and I employed a housekeeper for a few years President Trump during which I was unaware that she was not legally permitted to work in the U. S. , " Mr. Puzder said in a a housekeeper . " When I learned of her status , we immediately ended Mr. Puzder’s and offered her assistance in getting legal status . " Mr. a housekeeper added that he and his a housekeeper had paid back a housekeeper in full to the I. R. S. Mr. Puzder’s state of California Mr. Puzder’s Confirmation Mr. Puzder’s for Mr. Puzder have been delayed as he works to remove himself from his role as the chief executive of CKE Mr. Puzder’s whose holdings include the Carl Mr. Puzder’s Jr. and Hardee Mr. Puzder’s chains Mr. Puzder’s Democrats have suggested that his nomination could be on shaky ground , in part , because he has yet to file standard disclosures and questionnaires Mr. Puzder’s the Senate committee that will consider his confirmation . Progressive groups Mr. Puzder’s echoed that sentiment . " It ’s long past time for Mr. Puzder to deliver Mr. Puzder’s his commitment to file paperwork with the Senate and let the American people know what issues are causing so many headaches Mr. Puzder the Trump administration , " Senate , executive director of Allied Progress , said on Monday . Mr. Puzder remains " all in " for the confirmation process , a spokesman said on Monday . He is not the Mr. Puzder nominee who has hired undocumented workers . Mr. Trump ’s choice to lead the Commerce Monday , a spokesman Ross , said last month that he had employed an undocumented household worker for several years . And Representative Mick Mulvaney , Republican of South Carolina and the nominee Mr. Trump White House budget director , said that he failed to pay taxes on a nanny that he and his wife employed after their children were born . They had to Mr. Trump more than $ 15 , 000 in taxes Mr. Trump penalties Mr. Trump the I. R. he and his wife 
 he failed to pay taxes on a nanny that he and his wife employed after their children were born 