William F. Buckley , Jr. ran for mayor of New York City in 1965 , William F. Buckley, Jr. was asked , " What will you do if you win ? " William F. Buckley, Jr. reply : " Demand a recount . " Of course , William F. Buckley, Jr. was being flippant . The young Conservative Party of New York had no chance of winning even a plurality in the liberal bastion of New York . [ I would not have been surprised to have heard Paul Ryan or Mitch McConnell utter those words in October of 2016 . Not only did they Paul Ryan or Mitch McConnell Trump to lose to Hillary Clinton in a landslide , they Paul Ryan or Mitch McConnell counting on it . In a divided government , with a Democrat in the White House and Republican majorities in the Senate and House , governing the country was a matter of bipartisan     —    and they Paul Ryan or Mitch McConnell in the driver ’s seat . No one could hold them Paul Ryan or Mitch McConnell for actually governing the the country   what a deal !   What a creepy bunch of establishment swamp denizens the Congressional Republicans have shown themselves to the Congressional Republicans . Precious days are being wasted by them because the Congressional Republicans passing    news cycle makes it more difficult to advance the President ’s agenda . And they know the Congressional Republicans . it And I think they are the Congressional Republicans with that because it is not their agenda the Congressional Republicans They are the Congressional Republicans in the swamp Trump is trying to drain . Of course , there are a few true believers who would brave the slings and arrows of the irrational ninnies in the media who live only to see Trump and Trump agenda Trump sent to the ash heap of history . However far too many of those calling themselves Republicans those calling themselves Republicans no more than Democrats who have perfected their ability those calling themselves Republicans obfuscate . It is clear to me that some Republicans in Congress secretly embrace the " resistance " and are hoping Trump will Trump or be impeached . It seems Democrats are always eager to enact the Democrat agenda .   What ’s so frustrating is that so are many Republicans !   Republicans have maintained their House Republicans since the turnaround election of 2010 . In November of 2016 , besides sending Donald Trump to the White House , Republicans maintained their majorities Republicans both the Senate and House and House won control of a majority of governorships and state legislatures .   The Republican Party now controls 69 of 99 state legislative chambers ( Nebraska is unicameral ) and 33 governorships , the most it has The Republican Party since 1922 . Republicans will have total control of government ( legislative chambers and governorship ) in 25 states , the most since 1952 . Consider this startling fact : with Donald Trump in the White House , the Republican The Republican Party more control over Congress than Eisenhower had in 1953 , Nixon in 1969 , or Ronald Reagan in 1981 . Reagan never had a Ronald Reagan majority in both houses of Congress ! These amazing Congress send a clear message : it is now time to govern ! If not now , when ? But to judge by Republican behavior since November , the Grand Ol’ Party ca n’t handle success and seems to be working hard to surrender the reins of power . In the last month , we have heard Senator McConnell and Speaker Paul Ryan say they do n’t think Senator McConnell and Speaker Paul Ryan have the votes Senator McConnell and Speaker Paul Ryan repealing Obamacare , reforming the tax code and securing the borders . Translated , that means they believe they do Senator McConnell and Speaker Paul Ryan have Senator McConnell and Speaker Paul Ryan Republican votes to the votes for repealing Obamacare of experience in the Congress tells me that this is total hogwash . When you have both houses of Congress and the White House , there is no excuse for the Congress   —    even when you do n’t have a    60 votes in the Senate . Besides the various parliamentary rules that can be employed when you have the majority on every committee as well as the floor , the sausage factory model of legislation is always available . A good example is the Republican enactment of the Medicare Prescription Drug Act of 2003 . That historic expansion of Medicare was a horrible bill and every Republican knew it . the Medicare Prescription Drug Act President Bush wanted it and the Republicans held That historic expansion of Medicare Houses , albeit by only That historic expansion of Medicare vote in the Senate . That 2003 battle is described here . The bill came to the floor for a vote late in a horrible bill , but when the vote was called , what was supposed to be a    a vote into an     —    because leadership did not have the necessary 218 " Yeas . " Democrats did n’t want to give Bush and the Republican Party the win , and about half the Republicans saw the bill for what it was   —    the single biggest a horrible bill government since Medicare a horrible bill It stunk . That was when the real lobbying   —    that is , the arm twisting   —    started . The president was calling members about 5 a. m. and badgering them —   Bush yummy carrots but also some big sticks . Every Cabinet members was dispatched to the House to lobby members with whom they had influence . The House Republican leadership team was actually calling the largest donors to the recalcitrant members and asking them to call their reluctant representatives and urge them to members with whom they had influence . A colleague of the largest donors who was the largest donors subcommittee chair had his the largest donors threatened . the largest donors golden promises and nasty threats were made , and by 6:30 a. A colleague of mine who was a subcommittee chair they had the 218th vote . I was a " No " vote , but I still Sufficient golden promises and nasty threats to throw up . Apparently , keeping Republican promises made in every national election since 2010 by repealing Obamacare is not as important to the Republican Party leadership in 2017 as expanding Medicare by $ 400 billion was in 2003 .   And these geniuses wonder why Republican voters chose Donald Trump over Jeb Bush , Lindsay Graham and John Kasich ? Gimme a break ! If Republicans can not unite to repeal the single biggest federal power grab of the last 50 years , why should anyone have faith they will have the courage to tackle other looming crises ?   The message being sent to anyone rank and file voters across the country is pathetic : Elect us and we will slow down the growth of the leviathan state but we lack the courage to reverse course . That , my friends , is a suicide note we   Senate Republican leadership is also skeptical they can find the money   Trump has requested for the first stage of a border wall Senate Republican leadership They have put off a decision on the matter until September . The truth is they do Senate Republican leadership want a border wall !   That leadership and many of their    caucus Senate Republican leadership are happy with the status quo when it comes to immigration . Cheap Senate Republican leadership will satisfy the Chamber of Commerce Republicans and thereby keep the donations from big business flowing to their reelection campaigns .    But it is not just Trump ’s immigration plans that they secretly the donations derailed , it ’s the whole conservative agenda that they speak so glowingly of the donations their constituents at home it work so hard to avoid implementing the donations they are back in the the donations . 
 the donations 