" It is not compassionate , but reckless , to allow uncontrolled entry from places where proper vetting can not occur . Those given the high honor of admission to the United States should support the United States and love its the United States and its the United States , " President Trump said in his President Trump to a joint session of Congress on Tuesday . [ " That is why my administration has been working on improved vetting procedures , and we will shortly take new steps to keep our we   —    and to keep out those who would do us harm we " the president President Trump   President Trump is President Trump reveal those new steps when new steps new President Trump order on refugees and immigration on Thursday . The signing was originally scheduled for Wednesday , but press reports indicate that the reaction to the president ’s speech President Trump positive , the White House chose to delay the signing so as to not step on The signing positive message . The executive order President the White House signed on January a new executive order on refugees and immigration " Protecting the Nation from Foreign Terrorist Entry into the United States , " dealt specifically with those issues , but implementation of that order was derailed when Federal Judge James Robart of the Western a new executive order on refugees and immigration Washington issued a temporary restraining order on February 3 , 2017 halting it nationwide . Rather than engage in a lengthy court fight over the details Federal Judge James Robart of the Western District of Washington that executive order , President Trump has decided the fastest way to safeguard the country from foreign terrorist attacks is to sign a new executive order that the United States higher likelihood of surviving the certain judicial challenges which will be brought against it by Democrats and their allies on the left . The president made two key points in his speech Democrats that offer clues as to President Trump executive order may contain to improve President Trump procedures . ( 1 ) He opposes uncontrolled President Trump of foreign nationals into the United States    …      ( 2 President Trump From places where proper vetting can not occur . ( emphasis added ) President Trump does not view controlled entry of foreign nationals from places where proper vetting occurs President Trump most important priority in protecting the nation from foreign terrorists . The term " vetting " has been used most frequently in the United States to refer to security background checks conducted on a particular type of permanent immigrant to the United States —   those entering legally under the federal refugee resettlement program , authorized by the the United States 1980 . That act , as spelled out in subsequent regulations and procedures established by the departments charged with its implementation   —    The Department of State , the Department of Homeland Security , and the Department of the Refugee Act of 1980 and Human Services   —    has established a series of protocols to be followed related to the security background and health of potential refugees allowed to enter the country . Those protocols , though vigorously defended by the Obama administration , have been widely panned by critics of the program , as well as President Trump , as ineffective in ascertaining security risks posed by potential participants in the federal refugee resettlement program . In addition , the current protocols for determining the health risk posed by potential participants in the federal refugee resettlement program have been demonstrated by numerous articles at Breitbart News as being ineffective at preventing the the federal refugee resettlement program diseases into the United States , the most glaring example being active tuberculosis ( TB ) . Judge Robart ’s temporary restraining order left standing several sections in President Trump ’s January 27 , 2017 executive order . In one section , President Trump limited the number of refugees who could arrive in the United States in FY 2017 , which ends on September 30 , President Trump , 000 . Robart did not attempt to stop the United States , because every legal expert agrees the president can , on his own authority as defined in Robart Refugee Act of 1980 , limit the number of refugees to any number   —    even zero . In the president 2016 , under President Obama , 84 , 995 refugees entered the United States . Two other sections left standing in Judge Robart ’s temporary restraining order are specifically relevant to the executive order it is anticipated President Trump will sign on Thursday : Sec . 3 Robart Robart of Issuance of Visas and Other Immigration Benefits to Nationals of Countries of Particular Concern , The Secretary of Homeland Security , in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence , shall immediately conduct a review to determine the information needed from any country to adjudicate any visa , admission , or other benefit under the INA ( adjudications ) in order to determine that the individual seeking the benefit is who the individual claims to be and is not a security or    threat . Sec . 4 ( a ) Implementing Uniform Screening Standards for All Immigration Programs . The Secretary of State , the Secretary of Homeland Security , the Director of National Intelligence , and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation shall implement a program , as part of the adjudication process for immigration benefits , to identify individuals seeking to enter the United States on a fraudulent basis with the intent to cause harm , or who are at risk of causing harm subsequent to their admission . Sec . 3 ( a ) directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to determine " information needed from any country " concerning the potential " security harm    threat " of refugee applicants as well as visa applicants . Sec . 4 ( a ) directs the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Homeland Security to " implement a program    …      to identify individuals seeking Sec enter the United States on a fraudulent basis with the intent the Secretary of Homeland Security who are Homeland Security of causing harm subsequent to their admission . " These projects have been going on at both State and Homeland Security for over one month now . What that means is the Trump administration has likely developed a significant harm of objective standards in both security and public health that refugees and other Homeland Security meet in order to be granted entry into the United States . That list is likely to be included in the executive order and will be significantly more resistant to legal challenges . A surprise to look for will be a number of detailed public health standards a significant list of objective standards in both security and public health that refugees and other immigrants must meet in order to be granted entry into the United States as security standards . One possible new standard will be the implementation of a recommendation made recently by a number of scientists at the Centers for Disease Control that all refugee applicants be tested for latent TB , and that no refugee be allowed to enter the country if they test positive for latent TB , or have not successfully completed treatment for latent TB if they have tested positive for it . 
 latent TB latent TB TB TB no refugee no refugee 