Musician and alternative icon Courtney Love has blasted    Trump Women ’s March leader and Muslim activist Linda Sarsour , calling Trump Women a " vile disgrace to women and all mankind " in a message on social media Wednesday . [ " You ’re a vile disgrace to women and all mankind [ Linda Sarsour ] , " posted Love , the former partner of the late Nirvana musician Kurt Cobain , before engaging in an argument with Women ’s March social media head Alyssa Klein .   You ’re a vile disgrace to women and all mankind @lsarsour ,   —    Courtney Love Cobain ( @Courtney ) June 7 , 2017 ,   " Linda is the kindest , most generous , most incredible woman I know . Linda makes me proud to be a woman . I am forever proud to be Linda sister , " responded Alyssa Klein , prompting Courtney Love Cobain to reply " Well that ’s a shame , count me out of anything else related to Linda . Linda s a fraud . " Linda is the kindest , most generous , most incredible woman I know . Linda makes me proud to be a woman . I am forever proud to be her sister .   —    Alyssa Klein ( @dj_diabeatic ) June 7 , 2017 ,   Well that ’s a shame , count me out of anything else related to Linda . Linda s a fraud ,   —    Courtney Love Cobain ( @Courtney ) June 7 , 2017 ,   Sarsour quickly responded to Love Courtney Love Cobain post , commenting " [ Courtney Love is ] trying to make a name for herself Courtney Love Trump supporters I guess . Denying a woman justice who was brutally beaten . " . @courtney trying to make a name for herself @courtney Trump Trump I guess . Denying a woman justice who was brutally beaten .   —    Linda Sarsour ( @lsarsour ) June 7 , 2017 ,   Another Women ’s March activist also attacked Love Courtney Love accusing her Another Women’s March activist directing hate " at a woman of color and feminist leader . " You are using your considerable platform to direct more hate at a woman of color and feminist leader who is already under attack . Why ?   —    Sophie    ( @EgSophie ) June 7 , 2017 ,   Sarsour , a prominent Palestinian activist , has frequently praised Sharia law and Saudi Arabia , attempting to convince the public that women ’s rights in the Middle East are better than in the United States . 10 weeks of PAID maternity leave in Saudi Saudi Arabia Yes PAID . PAID ur worrying about women driving . Puts us to shame . " https :   .    " > November 16 , 2014 ,   In 2011 , Sarsour also expressed her desire Sarsour " take the vagina away " from Ayaan Hirsi Ali , an    activist and a victim of female genital mutilation . " I wish I could take their vaginas her desire to "take the vagina away" from Ayaan Hirsi Ali, an   activist and a victim of female genital mutilation , " Sarsour declared Sarsour referencing Ayaan Hirsi Ali and ACT for America founder Brigitte Gabriel for their criticism Ayaan Hirsi Ali and ACT for America founder Brigitte Gabriel Islam . " They do Ayaan Hirsi Ali and ACT for America founder Brigitte Gabriel deserve to be women . " According to Alex VanNess , director of the Middle East Peace   Security Project at Secure Freedom , Sarsour " also has a long history of criticizing Israel in ways that cross the line into    and terrorist sympathizing . " " She supports the discriminatory and    BDS Movement and has claimed that ‘ nothing is creepier’ than Zionism , " he reported creepier’ than Zionism February . " She called She solidarity with Muhammad Allan , a member of the terrorist group Palestinian Islamic Jihad who has a history of recruiting suicide bombers . " Sarsour has also previously called the act of throwing rocks at Israelis " courage . " In May , Pamela Geller and former Breitbart senior editor Milo Yiannopoulos protested Sarsour ’s Sarsour at The City University of New York .    Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter Charlie Nash or like his page at Charlie Nash . 
 