In an interview with Spain ’s flagship leftist newspaper , Pope Francis warned against rash judgments of President Donald Trump , noting that Pope Francis deserves to be given a chance to prove Pope Francis . [ The interviewer from the Spanish daily El País told the Pope that " the whole world is tense " over the election of President Donald Trump , calling Pope Francis a xenophobe filled with " hatred for foreigners . "   The the Pope that the new President deserved to be judged by his actions the new President not by " prophecies " of what he may the new President may not do . " I think that we must wait and see , " Francis said . " I do n’t like to get ahead of myself nor Francis people prematurely . We will we how he acts the new President what he does the new President and then I will have an opinion . " The Pope the Pope the Pope " most unwise " to be afraid of something that might happen . " It would be like prophets predicting calamities or windfalls that do n’t take place . We will see we We will see we he does and the new President evaluate , " he said . the new President I prefer to wait and see . " The interviewer , Antonio Caño , pressed the Pope further the Pope the Pope he was n’t " the Pope about the things you have heard up until now . " " I ’m waiting . God waited a long time for me , with all ’m sins   …     " Francis replied . The Pope ’s words the Pope the Pope interview with the Archbishop of Vienna , Cardinal Christoph Schönborn , who also advised against rushing to negative judgments of Trump , comparing him to Ronald Reagan , who the Pope out to be a great president . Asked for his impressions about the election of the Pope Trump , Cardinal Schönborn noted that when Ronald Reagan was elected in 1980 " many shook their heads " and it turned out they were wrong . " Good their , an actor from California ! " they said . " And Reagan their certainly one of the Ronald Reagan presidents the U. S. ever had . So you should not be too quick to judge , " he advised . In Friday ’s Cardinal Schönborn interview with El País , Pope Francis was also asked whether he was concerned about the spread Pope Francis a populism throughout the world that capitalizes on " people ’s fears , " preaching " a message of hate . " Francis distinguished between a good , Pope Francis populism , where it is the people who are " the protagonists , " and a cult of personality where a charismatic figure like Hitler rises to power and is welcomed as a savior figure . The latter can be very dangerous , he said . The risk , Pope Francis said , is that in Pope Francis of crisis we lack judgment and people can begin to think , " Let ’s look for a savior who we us back our identity and let we defend we with walls , we whatever we from other people that may rob us of our identity . " we And we is a very serious thing , " he said . " That is    I always try to say : talk among yourselves , talk to one another . " Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter   Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 