Everyone ’s talking about the Deep State now .   The other day , Virgil searched   " deep state " and found , just in the Google News section , no less than 3 . 86 million hits .   Republican politicians are using the phrase , and so are Democratic pols .   In fact , one Democrat , Rep. Ted Lieu of California , chose to " own " the phrase , tweeting , " We are # Deep State . "   Translation : Trump , we We coming for you Trump [ Indeed , the Deep State hashtag is now busy , used by both fans and foes of the DS .   There are even a bunch of Twitter accounts on the Deep State theme —   which may or may not have any connection to reality .    And there are even plays on the phrase , such as DeepStateGate , which by now is familiar to Breitbart readers , and also " Shallow State , " an    coinage from David Rothkopf , an appointee in the Clinton administration .   It was different back on December 12 , when Virgil first started writing about the Deep State back then , references were scarce .   Yet today , if one goes to Google Trends and types in " deep state , " this is what one sees : a recent sharp spike in usage .   It ’s fun to have company !   And speaking of company , I ’ll hope you ’ll continue to join me on our company of the Federal Triangle , the heartland of the Deep State .   We company our company at the Department of Commerce , and so next we company visit the federal bureaucracy in the next building over .    That would be the Environmental Protection Agency , which fills up , in fact , three different buildings , stretching from Constitution Avenue to Pennsylvania Avenue , from 14th Street to 12th Street .   ( Plus , of course , the EPA has myriad satellite offices all over the country the total    is more than 15 , 000 , not counting contractors and grantees . ) The the EPA of course , is right in the middle of the ongoing DC power struggle , which has spilled into open bureaucratic revolt .   On February 16 , for example , The New York Times reported that EPA employees the EPA brazenly been calling senators to urge them to EPA employees against Scott Pruitt , President Trump ’s pick to head the agency .   It was , the Times’ Coral Davenport observed , " a remarkable display of activism and defiance that presages turbulent times ahead for the EPA the EPA Speaking of turbulence , the career staff at EPA is feeling the EPA .   the career staff at EPA March 7 , Axios’ Jonathan Swan tweeted a picture of a sign at EPA , offering the EPA sessions to fearful careerists :   Feeling Pressured ?   Worried About Change at EPA ?   the EPA EPA ’s the EPA the EPA Program presents a 45 min . seminar on " Dealing with Change . " Yes , the delicate snowflakes at the agency need help —   your tax dollars at work . Yet whether they have had counseling or not ,    seem to be girded for battle .   A rogue Twitter account , AltEPA , billing itself as the " resistance AltEPA " has 382 , 000 followers —   and there are many more such accounts in existence .   It ’s possible , of AltEPA , that some , perhaps most , of these accounts are fakes .   But probably not all .    In the meantime , some EPA people , long ago , developed their own " resistance strategies some EPA people "   For instance , Lisa Jackson , the EPA administrator in Barack Obama EPA   first term , had a nifty Deep State tactic —   she hid her identity , Lisa Jackson, the EPA administrator in Barack Obama with Lisa Jackson, the EPA administrator in Barack Obama own agency . As Lisa Jackson, the EPA administrator in Barack Obama back as 2009 , Jackson was using a fictitious name , " Richard Windsor , " for her    in a seeming Lisa Jackson, the EPA administrator in Barack Obama to evade the requirements of the Freedom of Information Act and other transparency laws .   By some reckonings , such evasion might be counted as a crime , but Jackson suffered no ill consequences Jackson   In fact , she is now a    Lisa Jackson, the EPA administrator in Barack Obama president at Apple .    Given that sort of    precedent , it ’s    wonder that that sort of    pervasive culture of clandestine operating still permeates EPA .   To illustrate , we might recall an EPA inspector general ’s report EPA at the behest of the House Republicans : In    EPA employees sent or received 3 . 1 million text messages on    devices of these , just 86 were archived for the federal records .    So what were all    rest of those     texts about ?    Maybe they were all personal , or maybe they were leaks , or they they were     with Lisa they —   we ’ll never know .    And we can underscore    that we just on government equipment who knows what ’s been happening on personal equipment , and on personal accounts .    So as we can    , secrecy is one weapon that EPA lifers can deploy .   Another weapon is complexity .    The same Times reporter on the environmental beat , Coral Davenport , recently interviewed Jackson ’s successor at EPA , Gina McCarthy , EPA served from 2013 to 2017 .   McCarthy was eager to outline the torturous process that the Trump administration would have to follow to undo Obama regulations : If you want to do these executive orders that require a whole rewrite of the rule , you have to get that right , legally .   It took years to do those rules . To now ask for those things to be undone with less staff and low morale —   how are they going to do it those things to be undone with less staff and low morale Yes , that ’s standard Deep State stuff .   As bureaucrats like to say to the political appointees of any administration , " We were here when you arrive , and we ’ll still be here We you depart .   In fact , by the time you figure out how things really work , it ’ll be time for you to go ! "   In other words , the Deep State is eternal , and throughout that eternity , Deepists have mastered the arcane procedures needed to make any sort of change .   So the message to interlopers is simple : Do it our way , or else face frustration , or even failure .      Moreover , perhaps more than any other government agency , the Deep Statists at EPA can call upon powerful outside allies —   in the media , in partisan politics , and in the realm of litigation activism . Let ’s take a look , starting with the media .   On the media , that same Times reporter , Coral Davenport , printed the names of five aides   that Scott Pruitt , having been confirmed for his post , now plans to bring with him .   Just a hunch his Davenport did n’t get those names Coral Davenport Pruitt instead , most likely , Scott Pruitt got them from some EPA Coral Davenport with those names access to his doings .   And so Scott Pruitt Democratic war rooms , joined by so many others , can get to work building their " oppo " dossiers on the Democratic war rooms, joined by so many others new hire .    Meanwhile , other media outlets , too , are piling on . Thus we get dozens of      headlines every day .   For example , here ’s Slate : " Trump ’s EPA Plans Are ‘ Just Racist . ’ " And MinnPost : " Trump ’s EPA cuts would undo Trump’s to EPA iconic places —   like the Great Lakes . " And Quartz : " Leaked document details plan to starve an already malnourished EPA budget . "    Ah yes EPA there ’s the " l " word again —   " leaked . "   Indeed , it seems that back on March 3 , the National Association of Clean Air Agencies got its hands on a Trump administration document the National Association of Clean Air Agencies for $ 2 billion in cuts at EPA , and then shared it with EPA publications , including The the National Association of Clean Air Agencies .    And then on the second bounce of that particular    as reporters sought to give it " legs , " we saw headlines such as this , in Science : " Trump plan for 40 % cut could cause EPA science office ‘ to implode,’ official warns . "   The EPA official doing the warning , of EPA , was unnamed .   Meanwhile , the internal communications at EPA have been leaking out in near EPA . That ’s how things work in DC , every day .   Warning to Trumpsters at EPA : You ’re going to be EPA in far behind enemy lines , and they know where to find you .   Now we come to a second ally of the permanent regime at EPA , the increasingly greened Democratic Party EPA   Yes , it ’s the Democrats who put the wind beneath the wings of the    ( anti ) industrial complex .   We can recall that it was not always this way : As recently as the 1960s , the Democrats cared cared more about growing the economy than greening the environment .    That is , Democrats worried about workers and their wages , and to that end Democrats they focused on the development —   Democrats word often used back then was " reclamation " —   of natural resources .   For example , the 1960 Democratic platform , the one that helped elect John F. Kennedy , was emphatic :   The new Democratic Administration will develop a comprehensive national water resource policy .   In cooperation with state and local governments , and interested private groups , the Democratic Administration will develop a balanced The new Democratic Administration for each major river basin . Indeed , in those days , the Democrats attacked the outgoing Eisenhower administration the Democrats alleged cheapness when it The new Democratic Administration projects : We will erase the Republican slogan of " no new starts " and will begin again to build    dams , hydroelectric facilities ,    works , navigation facilities , and reclamation projects to meet mounting and    needs . By contrast , the 2016 Democratic platform offered a much different worldview : workers and wages were an afterthought , well behind penguins and polar bears .    In fact , the old concept of " reclamation " never appears at all instead , we get 16 paragraphs , for instance , on " climate change . "   Of course , at this precise moment , in 2017 , the Democrats lack the political power   fully the Democrats their friends at EPA , although they ’ll the EPA the Democrats be trying .   And the Democrats to a third ally of Deep EPA : the activist the EPA   As every conservative knows , the left has been far more effective , in recent decades , at winning in the courts than winning at the ballot box .   And yet on many issues , a win is a win : If a judge orders the government to take action of a certain kind , well , oftentimes that ’s it —   that ’s the ballgame .   No wonder the left is so tight with the lawyers !    And as a sign of the left flood to come , on March 8 , nearly three dozen green March 8 a formal legal petition with EPA , demanding that the agency EPA the regulations on the agency operations ( CAFO ) also known as " factory farms . "   As the lead plaintiff , Wenonah Hauter , executive director of Food   Water Watch , declared ,   This petition paves the way for EPA to finally regulate CAFOs as required EPA the Clean Water Act a formal legal petition with EPA explains that allowing CAFO pollution to continue unabated by maintaining the woefully inadequate status quo would violate federal law .    That petition , we might note , is 58 pages of closely argued legalese , boasting 294 footnotes . a formal legal petition with EPA there ’s a clear call to action in the document ’s conclusion as it reads , " Petitioners believe that EPA has an obligation pursuant to the EPA [ Clean Water Act ] the EPA to [ take new action against CAFOs ] without further delay . "    In other words , it ’s a serious legal demand , aimed at forcing EPA to take additional regulatory action the EPA   Or , failing that , to persuade a judge somewhere to order such additional regulation into existence .   So now Virgil wonders : Who among Team Trump at EPA is actually going to have the EPA to read this petition , let alone develop an appropriate legal   ?   And so what might happen if the Trump a formal legal petition with EPA to delegate the handling of this Trump to the EPA career staff ?   Well , EPA know what could easily happen : The Deep Statists at EPA could consult the Deep Statists at EPA neighbors , and former    classmates —   quite possibly , including the very people who filed the CAFO case —   and come up with a nice green answer .    That is , it ’s easy to see EPA Deep this case their the EPA —   perhaps even the Deep Statists at EPA   in the activist the Deep Statists at EPA world      Suppose , the Deep Statists at EPA example , that two grocery shoppers at the Whole Foods in Northwest DC ’s Tenleytown neighborhood just happen to have a friendly ex parte conversation ?   You know , about maybe , legal strategy in the CAFO case ?   What would be the policy upshot of such a chat ?   As an answer , here ’s one scenario that we ’ve seen this case : The career legal staff tells the thin layer of political appointees at an agency that the plaintiffs have a strong case , and so it ’s best to settle .   the EPA career staff for maybe a few    tweaks , give the plaintiffs what they want .   After all , the careerist could be saying the plaintiffs have a strong case the politicals , if you choose to fight , it could get really messy , and , in the plaintiffs , you the plaintiffs likely still lose .   So why not do it the easy way ?   Why not do it our way the careerist     That ’s the pitch that ’s been heard a million times within the Deep State .   And while the Deep State always work , since it ’s the path of least resistance , it ’s a familiar course of action .   And so we see how the Deep State so often wins .   
 the Deep State it it 