President Trump recently threatened to withhold Obamacare subsidies , a move that would tank Obamacare in many states and force Democrats to strike a deal on fixing health care . [ In an interview in the Oval Office , President Trump signaled that he President Trump consider withholding payments to insurers . Obama pushed for these payments to insurance companies to stabilize the Obamacare exchanges , although conservatives contend that the insurance handouts are unconstitutional . The absence of the health subsidies could cause the collapse of Obamacare Obamacare forcing lawmakers on both sides of the aisle to strike a deal .   The the health subsidies    and deductibles for health insurers to lower the costs associated with    Obamacare recipients . Trump reiterated his commitment to Trump Obamacare , saying , " I ’m going to get health care done . " Although Trump believes that Trump the Obamacare subsidies will force a deal between Republicans and Democrats , he remains concerned Trump creating turbulence in the market . Trump said , Trump Obamacare is dead Obamacare month if it does n’t Obamacare that money . " He continued , Trump I have n’t made my viewpoint clear yet . I do n’t want people to get hurt    …     What I think should happen and will happen is the Democrats will start calling me and negotiating . " Conservatives argue that Obama lacked the authority to dole out billions of dollars of insurance subsidies , arguing that Congress never appropriated money for that purpose . Under former Speaker John Boehner , House Republicans sued the Obama administration to Obama it from doling the Obama administration the subsidies . In 2016 a federal judge ruled against the Obama administration the Obama administration Obama White House to continue providing Obamacare subsidies while the administration appealed the decision the Obama administration sought to House Republicans the court case after Trump was elected president . Trump said , " It was Trump authorized by Congress Trump ’m going to have to make a decision . " Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) said he would prefer the administration continue Trump the payments the Obama administration Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) Schumer discuss a deal with President Trump that would undermine the efficacy Trump . Schumer Schumer that Trump was " threatening to hold hostage health Trump for millions of Americans   …     to achieve a political goal of repeal that would take health care away from millions more . This cynical strategy will fail . " State insurance markets face increasing volatility . Humana announced in February that it will drop out of Obamacare exchanges in 2018 . Aetna CEO Mark Bertolini declared that Obamacare is " in Humana death spiral , " Obamacare suggested they may withdraw from Obamacare exchanges entirely . Anthem Obamacare that they might exit a large number of Obamacare exchanges Aetna CEO Mark Bertolini year . After Obamacare failed to garner enough votes in Aetna CEO Mark Bertolini House , Trump tweeted that Democrats Obamacare come around to make a deal with him once Obamacare implodes . The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds Trump —    not long Democrats not worry , we are in very   good shape !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 28 , 2017 Democrats 
 