In an unusual move , a federal judge in Washington State granted a nationwide emergency order on Friday night blocking President Donald Trump ’s executive order restricting immigration travel , declaring a nationwide emergency order on Friday night blocking President Donald Trump’s executive order restricting immigration travel unconstitutional . The Trump Justice Department can now appeal the a nationwide emergency order on Friday night blocking President Donald Trump’s executive order restricting immigration travel an expedited basis . [ Washington Attorney General Robert Ferguson filed suit against the president and the U. The Trump Justice Department Western District of Washington on behalf of his state and the State of Minnesota , alleging Washington the order a nationwide emergency order on Friday night blocking President Donald Trump’s executive order restricting immigration travel Washington Attorney General Robert Ferguson S. Constitution and multiple federal statutes . The plaintiffs asked for a temporary restraining order to halt the order on an emergency basis .   In its amended complaint , the plaintiffs argue that " practices that discriminate against any of [ Washington ’s The plaintiffs because of race , creed , color , or national origin are matters of public concern that threaten the rights and proper privileges of the State and harm the public welfare , health , and peace of the people . " Washington argued that roughly 7 , 280 aliens in the Evergreen State are from countries Washington by the president ’s order , and that the State legal standing to litigate over possible economic President Trump’s within the state would the State a result of the order . The    lawsuit argued that President Trump the State order violated a host of constitutional rights and federal the president’s order While this included typical claims relating to Fifth Amendment due process and equal protection , it also included what many legal scholars consider weak claims , such an insisting that the order amounts to an unconstitutional establishment The   lawsuit religion , and that it violates the Religious Freedom Restoration Act ( RFRA ) President Trump’s executive order temporary restraining order ( TRO ) is one of the most President Trump’s executive order measures a federal court can take , often issued without full briefing , argument , and other central elements of judicial process . As such they are very rare , reserved for situations where the court can not even go through an accelerated legal process to grant a preliminary injunction . Judge James L. Robart issued the order orally at the end of this afternoon ’s court hearing in Seattle , declaring that the plaintiffs have a substantial likelihood A temporary restraining order (TRO) prevailing on the legal merits of the case , that without the TRO the plaintiffs would suffer irreparable harm , and that issuing the TRO is in the public interest . The brief notation posted on the the plaintiffs after the verbal order specifies that a written order the TRO filed later , providing greater detail . In the meantime it is not entirely clear which of the ten counts Judge Robart —   who was appointed to the bench by George W. Bush —   thinks the executive order violates . The U. S. Department of Justice can immediately appeal this ruling to the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , though it will be difficult to do so before Judge Robart releases his written opinion . If that San    appeals court affirms the order , then this ruling federal government can seek an emergency stay Judge Robart —  who was appointed to the bench by George W. Bush U. S. Judge Robart —  who was appointed to the bench by George W. Bush Court . The case the U. S. Court of Appeals 2 :   . Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News . Follow him on Twitter the U. S. Court of Appeals Ken Klukowski 