Every single Republican member of the state ’s congressional delegation voted for the American Health Care Act on Thursday , helping the legislation to squeak by on a narrow    vote . [ Many of the state’s ’s 14 Republicans were not committed to the the legislation to squeak by on a narrow   vote the final hours before it was the legislation to squeak by on a narrow   vote on the floor . But while 20 Republicans , mostly moderates , voted against the bill the legislation to squeak by on a narrow   vote Republicans stood with party leadership and President Donald Trump .   The the state’s Democrats , however , are perhaps even happier than the White House . The Los Angeles Times notes that half of those 14 Republicans represent districts in which former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton won in last fall ’s presidential election . Democrats believe that they can turn the Democrats to replace Obamacare into a campaign issue that could see many of those seats flip to the Democratic column , helping fuel what they hope is a Democrats surge . Some Republicans declined to speak to the media , merely releasing press statements . One of those , according to the Fresno Bee , was Rep. Devin Nunes ( ) saying : Central Valley residents have been saddled for far too long with high prices , while many    participants are burdened by minimal health care choices , with some participants even forced to travel to the Bay Area or Los Angeles to see specialists . The bill passed by the House today will make health care available to every American who wants it while protecting those with    conditions . The Times also notes that Trump singled out Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy ( ) for praise at a Rose Garden celebration of the bill ’s passage , and that Rep. Darrell Issa ( )   —    previously undecided   —    sat in the front row . Some are already feeling the backlash . The Los Angeles Daily News reports that Planned Parenthood held a rally against Rep. Steve Knight ( ) in Santa Clarita . The Senate is expected to offer its own new version The Senate the bill . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He The Los Angeles Daily News one of Joel B. Pollak " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of Joel B. Pollak Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak The Inside Story of a Revolution 
 