WASHINGTON   —    Despite sharp differences on immigration , refugees , trade and climate change , Mr. Trump struck a cordial tone on Monday in their first meeting , alternating between attempting to Mr. Trump those gaps and steering clear of them . Mr. Trump has called for a Mr. Trump to the admission of refugees , saying that terrorists might slip into the United States among them , while Mr. Trudeau has held out terrorists as a Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada refugees , particularly people who have fled the war in Syria , publicly hugging newly arrived families . When asked at a White House news conference whether he now sees the northern American border with Canada Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada insecure , Mr. Trump skirted the question Canada speaking instead of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada ’s efforts to deport criminals from the United Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada . In the same vein , Mr. Trudeau declined to say whether he agreed with the Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada executive order restricting immigration . Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada The last thing Canadians expect is for me to come down and lecture another country on how they choose to govern themselves , " he said . Maintaining Canadians country ’s close Canadians and economic Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada with the United another country top of the Canadian leader ’s agenda the United States to Washington . Mr. Trudeau had forged an unusually close relationship with the Canadian leader’s President Barack Obama , the Canadian leader’s of Mr. Trump ’s policies , particularly his protectionist stance on trade and his call for renegotiating the North American Free Trade the Canadian leader’s , are chilling for Canadians the Canadian leader’s They count on trade with the United States for about 25 percent of their country Canadians gross domestic product . " It is a real concern for many Canadians because we know that our economy is very dependent on our bonds with the Canadians States , " said we Trudeau , who has expressed we cautious openness the United States trade pact . Mr. Trump ’s complaints about trade have focused primarily on Mexico , another partner in the North American agreement , and China , which he has accused of taking advantage of the United States . He did not answer a question Mr. Trump whether he sees Canada as a the United States but suggested that Mr. Trump does not foresee deep changes in that Mr. Trump , which he called " outstanding . " " We Mr. Trump be tweaking it , " he said . " It Mr. Trump a much less severe situation than what ’s taking place on the southern Mr. Trump . " He it the two leaders had spoken privately about " doing some    things that will make it a Mr. Trump easier for trade and a lot better and a lot faster . " They issued a joint statement pledging to continue border security programs that began under Mr. Obama , and reaffirming the two leaders commitment to NATO , an alliance that Mr. Trump had previously questioned . In presentation and speech , the two leaders Trump , a bombastic Republican , and Mr. Trudeau , a more    Liberal who is 25 years younger , are poles apart . But the prime minister has carefully avoided direct criticism of Mr. Trump and his policies . After the American election , he reorganized his cabinet to better deal with the change of the prime minister in Washington and swiftly sent emissaries to the prime minister with the prime minister Trump ’s advisers . The meeting was the first test of the Canadian leader ’s effort to foster a good working relationship . Mr. Trump greeted Mr. Trudeau warmly , the prime minister the president ’s greeting last week to Shinzo Abe , Japan Mr. Trump’s minister . Mr. Trump’s shook hands heartily when Mr. Trudeau arrived at the White House , patting each other on the shoulder with their free hands . Mr. Trudeau appears determined to Mr. Trump’s relations with Mr. Trump despite their differences , while signaling to Canadians who are The leaders of their powerful Mr. Trump’s Canada still charts its own course . " We continue our policy of openness to immigration and refugees without compromising security , their the prime minister said . " Canada have been times where we have We in our approaches , and that ’s always been done firmly and Mr. Trump Mr. Trudeau presented the president with a framed photograph taken in the 1980s , showing Mr. Trump speaking at the head of a table of people including Pierre Mr. Trump , a former Liberal prime minister of Canada and the current prime minister ’s father . The cabinet ministers who traveled with Mr. Trudeau on Monday had prepared for meetings with their American counterparts by emphasizing the importance of the    relationship to Canadians . Chrystia Freeland , Canada ’s foreign Mr. Trump had reminded Trump administration officials that trade between The cabinet ministers who traveled with Mr. Trudeau on Monday countries is roughly in balance , and that Canada is the largest buyer of American exports Canada states . " The combination of Canada being smaller and the United States being bigger and the relationship largely being    Canada a lot of Americans do n’t spend a lot of time thinking about Canada , Canada Ms. Freeland said in a recent interview . " Americans are not always fully aware of the economic significance of the relationship . " Canadian business leaders expressed Canada relief after their prime minister ’s meeting with Mr. Trump . " On the whole , this was a good day , " said John Manley , the president and chief executive of Canadian business leaders Business Council of Canada , which represents 150 large Canadian corporations . " There ’s still lots of things to be anxious about , but I think the tone and the substance were all very positive . " Some of Canadian anxieties stem from uncertainty over what small changes to the United    trade relationship could mean for some sectors of the economy . There had been concerns after Mr. Trump ’s election that he might go after the Canadian auto industry , a major employer in Ontario , which exports most of its production to the United States . Flavio Volpe , the president Mr. Trump the Auto Parts Manufacturers’ Association , a trade group , said that it was important for his members to hear Mr. Trump ’s message that he is not planning to dramatically remake the United States’ trade relationship to Canada . The two leaders also met on Monday Mr. Trump several women who Mr. Trump executives of companies from Mr. Trump countries to announce that Canada and the United States would set up a    Flavio Volpe, the president of the Auto Parts Manufacturers’ Association, a trade group women into executive roles , and to encourage entrepreneurship . 
 Canada 