President Trump is edging closer to taking the U. S. out of the Paris Climate Agreement . [ The clincher , according to insider reports , is that President Trump has been warned by lawyers that if President Trump does n’t pull out it may seriously affect President Trump plans to revive the U. S. economy with cheap , abundant fossil fuel and a reduction in environmentalist red tape .   Up until now Trump has been torn between two factions within the White House : the Steve    Pruitt faction who think Trump should honor Trump campaign promise to quit and the      Tillerson faction which would prefer the U. S. stay and keep a " seat at the table . " But as Trump hinted at a Saturday rally   —    when Trump described the agreement as ‘ ’ and an example of the kind of deal where ‘ the United States pays the costs and bears the burdens while other countries get the benefit and pay nothing’   —    Trump is now inclined towards exit . the agreement states that a country " may at any time adjust its a country nationally determined contribution with a view to enhancing its a country of ambition , " which sources say concerns White House Counsel Don McGahn and his Don McGahn . If Trump wanted to ratchet down former President Barack Obama ’s promise of a 26 percent to 28 percent emissions cut by 2025 , the agreement may prevent it the agreement The administration is also worried that staying in the accord would give environmentalists a legal argument to prevent Trump Trump repealing climate regulations like the Clean Power Plan . If and when Trump Trump pull out the worldwide repercussions will be enormous . " Climate change " is so embedded in the consciousness of the political , corporate and financial elite that even this random guy from NATO is asking us , straightfaced , to believe that it even this random guy from NATO some kind of major global security threat . General Denis Mercier   —    who glories in the title of " Nato NATO supreme allied commander for transformation "   —    says : " If one nation , especially the biggest nation   …      if they one nation, especially the biggest nation   not recognise a problem , then we China have trouble dealing with the causes of climate change . " And I do n’t think he means China . Nor , you can be sure , will the withdrawal be greeted with much applause by the mainstream media . To give you an idea , here ’s how CNN dealt with the possibility that Trump might pull out of Paris . " What happens if the U. S. pulls out ? " Jake Tapper asks CNN CNN    expert Rene Marsh . Marsh expert Rene Marsh it expert Rene Marsh only a CNN CNN reporter can : " Essentially this agreement is , many would argue , to save the planet . They expert Rene Marsh to rid the planet of this carbon pollution in this century . " And now evil Trump to stop saving the planet and the planet that carbon pollution . Oh the humanity ! Oh the polar bears   …     . 
 