Irish rock band U2 has delayed the release of Irish rock band U2 next studio album after the surprise election of Donald Trump . [ Songs of Experience , Irish rock band U2 ’s    to its Irish rock band U2 2014 album Songs of Innocence , was " pretty much complete , " U2 founding guitarist The Edge told Rolling Stone . Then Trump Donald Trump the the surprise election of Donald Trump " suddenly the world changed . "   " We just went , ‘ Hold on a second   —    we ’ve We to give ourselves a We to think about this record and about how it relates this record what ’s going on in the world,’ " the guitarist U2 founding guitarist the upcoming project . Trump ’s Donald Trump , he noted Donald Trump was " like a pendulum has suddenly just taken a huge swing in the other direction . " He noted Donald Trump most of the album ’s lyrics were " written in the early part of 2016 , " and now need to be revised because " the world is a different place . " U2 , seeing its next record as an opportunity to make a political statement , knew it needed to its the album " the album for a minute , just to really think about it one more time the album putting it out , just the album make sure that it really was what the album wanted to say . " " We may even write we couple of new songs because that ’s the very position we ’re in , we the guitarist said . " We ’ve given ourselves we little bit we breathing space for creativity . " " So we said look , we Look , let ’s do both . we can really celebrate we album , which is really born again in this context , and we can also really we a chance to think about these songs and make sure they ’re really what these songs want to put we " he added . U2 out,’ remained relatively quiet during the presidential election , though the band ’s frontman Bono called Trump " dangerous , " and said he ’s " potentially Bono worst idea that ever happened to America . " " Look , America is like the America idea the world ever came up with , but Donald Trump is potentially Trump idea that ever the worst idea that ever happened to America September Bono CBS This Morning . America Potentially , " he added , Trump " Trump destroy " Trump A month later , Bono bashed Trump ’s Bono to build America Trump the U. S.   border during a concert in San Francisco . Bono could be seen Bono " You ’re fired ! " at an onstage projection of    Trump . " Good people are Trump to stay silent while you run off with the American dream ! " Bono shouted during the Bono , virtual    .   On Monday , U2 announced a tour of North America and Europe to celebrate the 30th anniversary of its first album , The Joshua Tree .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson U2 