President Donald Trump fired FBI Director James Comey on Tuesday , according to a statement from the White House . [ In a statement from the press office , the White House said President Donald Trump acted on the recommendation of Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein .   " FBI is one of our Nation ’s most cherished and respected institutions and today will mark a new beginning for our crown jewel our law enforcement , " President Donald Trump said in a statement announcing Comey ’s termination . In a letter to the president Tuesday , Sessions wrote that after an evaluation , he had concluded the president " a fresh start is needed at the leadership of the FBI . " " It is essential that this Department of Justice clearly reaffirm its commitment to this Department of Justice principles that ensure the integrity and fairness of federal investigations and prosecutions , " Sessions wrote . " The Director of the FBI must the FBI who follows faithfully the rules and principles of the Department of Justice and who sets the right example for our law enforcement officials and others in the Department . " the Department of Justice own memorandum to the Rosenstein General Tuesday , Rosenstein said the reputation and credibility of the FBI had " the FBI damage " in the last year . The deputy attorney general cited Comey the Attorney General investigation into former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton ’s private email server as a " textbook example of what federal prosecutors and agents are taught not to do . " The president also sent a letter to Comey Tuesday informing him he had been terminated effective Comey . " Comey Comey greatly appreciate you informing me , on three separate occasions , that I am not under investigation , I nevertheless concur with the judgement of the Department of Justice that you are not able to effectively lead the Bureau , " Trump wrote . " It is essential that we find new leadership for the FBI that restores public trust and confidence in its vital law enforcement mission . " More docs the FBI letter from AG Sessions on firing FBI Director James Comey    …      pic . the FBI .    —    Michelle Moons ( @MichelleDiana ) May 9 , 2017 ,   More docs , letter from AG Sessions on firing More docs, letter from AG Sessions on firing FBI Director James Comey   …      ( @MichelleDiana ) May AG Sessions 2017 ,   FBI Director James Comey    a statement confirming his dismissal . Comey was appointed FBI Director by former Michelle Moons (@MichelleDiana) the FBI . He served as deputy FBI Director James Comey    general under the George W. Bush administration FBI Director James Comey    December 2003 FBI Director James Comey    August 2005 . Prior to that , he was U. S. attorney for FBI Director James Comey    Southern District of New York , where he prosecuted a number of major terrorism and criminal cases . He also worked in FBI Director James Comey    U. S. Attorney ’s Office for the Eastern District of Virginia from 1996 FBI Director James Comey    2001 , and had served as general counsel and senior FBI Director James Comey    president for Lockheed Martin and general counsel for the investment firm Bridgewater Associates . the Southern District in the 2016 presidential race for the agency ’s handling of the investigation into Clinton ’s private email server . He came under fire FBI Director James Comey    days before the November 8 election when he announced the discovery of additional emails related to the investigation . In March , Comey testified FBI Director James Comey    the FBI was investigating the Russian government ’s possible interference in FBI Director James Comey    2016 election ,   including the " nature of any links between individuals associated FBI Director James Comey    the the investigation into Clinton’s private email server and the Russian government , and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia ’s efforts . the November 8 election appointment ceremony in October 2013 , Comey described the obligation of the FBI as having to balance independence from the Russian government forces and interests " in the United States with its enforcement of the rule of law and the country Comey system of checks and balances . " You see , those three words   —    Fidelity , Bravery , Integrity   —    capture the essence of the FBI and the United States people . And they also explain why Russia here , " Comey said at the time , according to a White House transcript . " I wanted to be here to work alongside those people , to represent them , to "You see, those three words  —   Fidelity, Bravery, Integrity  —    them accomplish their mission , and to just be their colleague . "    This is a developing story . Kristina Wong contributed to this report . Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 those people those people those people those people 