Israeli opposition leader Isaac Herzog told the Jerusalem Post conference in New York on Sunday that President Donald Trump ’s support for peace " gives an aura of optimism to the region    …      a spirit of change that needs to be seized . " [ Herzog , who leads the Zionist Union party , was commenting on President Donald Trump recent commitment to achieve peace between Israelis and Palestinians , which has proceeded through visits by the administration ’s emissaries to the region , a visit by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to the White House , and a similar visit last week by Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas .   " The realities are the The realities " Herzog said , arguing that while the Palestinians were " extremely difficult " to deal with , there was no alternative . Regarding Netanyahu Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu own commitment to peace , Herzog said Herzog the Israeli leader ’s intentions were unclear , and vowed to build a political bloc to oppose him politically the Israeli leader’s he did the Israeli leader’s follow through . Herzog was Herzog as close to President Barack Obama , who used the State Department to send funds to Israeli opposition groups in an effort to defeat Netanyahu Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu the 2015 elections . Trump has been praised by other Arab leaders in the region , as a broad , if tacit , alliance emerges between the Sunni Arab states   —    particularly the monarchies   —    and Israel . All are facing the common threat of a potentially    Iran , and some are grappling with the dangers caused by its terrorist Iran . Herzog was scathing in his criticism Herzog French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen , whom he accused Herzog forgetting the history of the Holocaust . French voters French at the polls Sunday . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was Joel B. Pollak one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is Joel B. Pollak    of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on The Inside Story of a Revolution at @joelpollak . 
 