The mainstream media lost no time in attempting to undermine President Donald Trump , as opposed to actually reporting information . [ After eight years of kowtowing to Obama , they have suddenly discovered a civic responsibility to hold the government accountable . But they are focusing on minutiae , and in some cases actually telling lies , both of omission and commission . That risks alienating the public even further   —    making it harder , actually , for the media to act as watchdogs .   Lie # 1 : President Trump was focused on the crowd size at the inauguration . President Trump mentioned it in passing in President Trump speech at the CIA , and Press Secretary Sean Spicer took the media to task for trying to downplay attendance figures . But to say   —    as CNN ’s Anderson Cooper did   —    that crowd size was Trump ’s focus on his Trump day in office is simply absurd . On Cooper Anderson Cooper Saturday , CNN CNN a clip of Spicer ’s first press conference that only mentioned the crowd size issue   —    leaving out Spicer ’s Spicer comments taking a journalist to task for reporting , falsely , that Trump had a bust of Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. removed from the Oval Office . The crowd issue was secondary   —    but CNN CNN to focus on it because The crowd issue was The crowd issue of a    against the media than the bust a bust of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. removed from the Oval Office the numbers on Inauguration Day , Spicer ’s point was that the media were the media in undermining Trump , and promoting    protests , than in covering the actual news of the day . Lie # 2 : President Trump insulted the CIA . Extending the faux outrage at Lie # 1 , the mainstream media criticized Trump for talking about President Trump size in front of the CIA ’s memorial the CIA who have died in the course of their duties . The media showed considerably less concern the mainstream media Barack Obama spoke before the same wall about the release of the prior administration ’s interrogation memos , impugning the integrity of the CIA and giving valuable intelligence the CIA . @AceofSpadesHQ @jaketapper ¯’ _ ( ツ ) ¯ CNN : In CIA visit , Obama defends interrogation memo the CIA :   . President Barack Obama pic . twitter .    —    Trigger Warning   ( @AshLikeSnow17 ) January 22 , 2017 ,   Lie # 3 : The    protests in Washington , D. C. were important . The protests were nothing more than the venting The   protests in Washington at Trump ’s election . For all the talk of " women ’s rights , " there was nothing particular to point to that Trump had done about anything relating to women . Trump’s demonstration was large , but also disorganized , as well as vulgar , and protesters left heaps of trash over the various routes they took , including protest signs abandoned at Union protesters as they left the capital . Joel B. Pollak is protesters     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential Joel B. Pollak people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Won : The Joel B. Pollak Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 