Friday on CNN ’s " Situation Room , CNN CNN director David Chalian said President Donald Trump ’s recent foreign policy maneuvers mean he President Donald Trump " going mainstream " and Washington " establishment . "   Chalian " CNN political director David Chalian , " I do n’t know if we ’re seeing a Trump President Donald Trump take shape . Certainly , Donald President Donald Trump not portraying it as such . It ’s it little bit more of these disparate and discrete incidents that have happened , whether the Syria attack or this bomb . In fact , you just said it was it tactical move that the theater commander was able to make , not necessarily the large —   part of a strategic framework here , and I think —   the only thing that I could sort of ascertain in observing what Donald Trump President Donald Trump right now is that he ’s going President Donald Trump —   a little establishment , which is totally against the brand that he ran on President Donald Trump " " But he —   President Donald Trump think it shows the power —   and when I say establishment , I do n’t mean just Republican establishment —   Democrat —   the Washington establishment —   and it shows the the Washington establishment and the stranglehold that the establishment has just Republican establishment he continued . President Donald Trump I know he tried to President Donald Trump it up during the the Washington establishment and saying that he was going President Donald Trump be the irritant and destroy it , but when the Washington establishment do n’t have ideological moorings —   you ’re not moored , that ’s guided , then I think you ’re susceptible to the power of the establishment and I just Republican establishment ’s what we see playing out right now with Donald Trump . " CNN chief political correspondent Dana Bash added , " He said the world has CNN chief political correspondent Dana Bash , and it has n’t . I the world , things change every day in the world , but the the world but the overall sort of zeitgeist of where these hot spots are is where they were when he took office these hot spots so CNN chief political correspondent Dana Bash was n’t that . It was him , and it is CNN chief political correspondent Dana Bash , and — It CNN chief political correspondent Dana Bash to your point , David , it ’s that he ’s not a dogmatic CNN chief political correspondent Dana Bash . He never was . If CNN chief political correspondent Dana Bash was a dogmatic guy CNN chief political correspondent Dana Bash then he would have run for CNN chief political correspondent Dana Bash Democratic nomination because he would still be    CNN chief political correspondent Dana Bash for    health care system but he    not . He CNN chief political correspondent Dana Bash , you know CNN chief political correspondent Dana Bash did a complete 180 on those issues and so it ’s not surprising that he is willing to — CNN chief political correspondent Dana Bash to use his words , be flexible CNN chief political correspondent Dana Bash it comes to a whole host of issues , as he ’s learning a really CNN chief political correspondent Dana Bash really hard , really new job that people who are even ideological and get the job tend to realize , you know , I need to switch a little bit . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 