Despite the fact that Attorney General Jeff Sessions repeatedly outlined the conversations he said he had with Russian diplomats during the course of the 2016 presidential campaign , Senators at Tuesday ’s Senate Intelligence Committee repeatedly peppered Sessions with various forms of the same question   —    whether he had met with Russian officials during the course of the 2016 presidential campaign . [ It was not clear whether those inquiring senators   —    mostly Democrats and some Republicans   —    expected a different answer to the same question .   Sessions previously acknowledged that he met twice with Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak in his he as a senator and chairman of the Senate ’s Subcommittee on Strategic Forces . In his he remarks , Sessions Sessions unequivocally that he he never had any conversations with Russian officials about interference in the 2016 presidential campaign . Sessions declared : " Let me state this clearly : I have never met with or had any conversations with Russians or any foreign officials concerning any interference with any campaign or election . Further , I have no knowledge of any such conversations by anyone connected to the the 2016 presidential campaign " " I was your colleague in this body for 20 years , and the suggestion that I participated in any collusion or that I was aware of any collusion with the Russian government to hurt this country , which I have served with honor over 35 years , or to undermine the integrity of our democratic process is an appalling and detestable lie , " he said . your colleague in this body I recused myself from any your colleague in this body into the campaigns for President , but I did not recuse myself from defending your colleague in this body honor against scurrilous and false allegations . " In his remarks Tuesday your colleague in this body Sessions again addressed a third possible brief encounter with Kislyak , who was a guest in the audience at an April foreign policy speech delivered by    Trump at the Mayflower hotel . Sessions reportedly attended a    reception with dozens of other guests , including Kislyak . He says he    not    privately with Kislyak and does Kislyak recall greeting him , but    that the two may have exchanged a passing interaction   —    one that would have taken place in a room full of attendees . " I attended a reception with my staff , that included at least two dozen people and President Trump , though I do recall several conversations I had during that    reception , and I do not have recollection of meeting or talking to the Russian ambassador or any other Russian officials . Russian any brief interaction occurred in passing with the Russian ambassador in Russian reception , that   reception not remember it . " Despite Sessions’ accounting of his meetings with Russian diplomats during the Russian of the 2016 presidential campaign , senators repeatedly peppered Sessions with the same general question about whether he had met with his officials during the Russian of the campaign . Here the 2016 presidential campaign times from Tuesday ’s hearing that senators asked Sessions whether he met with Russian his : 1 Russian —    Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Sen. Richard Burr ( ) asked , " One , did you have any meetings with Russian officials or their Russian on behalf of the Trump campaign or during your time as attorney general ? " 2   —    Burr asked , " From Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Sen. Richard Burr testimony , you said you do n’t remember whether the ambassador from Russia was there ? " 3   —    Burr : " You never remember having a conversation or meeting with the ambassador ? " 4 the ambassador from Russia    Burr : " You reported Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Sen. Richard Burr other meetings with the ambassador , one in July the ambassador from Russia sidelines of the Republican convention , I believe and one in September in your senate office . Have you had any other interactions with government officials over the year in a campaign capacity ? " 5   —    Sen. Mark Warner , the ranking Democrat on the Intelligence Committee , asked : " And again , echoing what the chairman said , again for the record , there was no other meeting with any other officials of the Russian government in the campaign season ? " 6   —    Sen. Roy Blunt ( ): " So when you said you possibly had a meeting with Mr. Kislyak , did you mean you possibly met him ? " 7   —    Mr. Kislyak Joe Manchin ( ): " If I could , sir , did you have any meetings Mr. Kislyak any other meetings with Russian officials that have not previously been disclosed ? " 8   —    Manchin : " I ’m going to go quick through this . Are there any other meetings between Russian government officials and any other Trump Russian associates that have not been previously disclosed that you know of ? " 9   —    Sen. Kamala Harris ( ): " Did you have any communications with Russian officials for any reason during the Russian that have not been disclosed in public or to this committee ? " 10   —    Harris : " Did you have any communication with any Russian businessman or any Russian nationals ? Russian 11   — Russian Harris : " Are you aware of any communications ( with Russians ) ? " 12   —    Harris : " Are you aware of any communications with any Trump officials or did you have any communications with any officials about Russia or Russian interests in the United States before Russian 20 ? " Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling Aaron Klein and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him Aaron Klein Facebook . With research by Aaron Klein Klein . 
 Aaron Klein 