Vice President Mike Pence will travel to Capitol Hill for a potential    vote on President Donald Trump ’s nominee for secretary of education , Betsy DeVos . [ A spokesman for President Donald Trump confirmed to Breitbart News that Vice President Mike Pence would be in attendance for the U. S. Senate vote on DeVos . Betsy DeVos The Senate the U. S. Senate    Republican majority , but on Wednesday , two Republican senators made known that each will vote against DeVos in Betsy DeVos floor confirmation vote . Liberal Republican Sens . Susan Collins ( Collins senators who could force Pence to break a tie . Collins declared that she can not and will not support DeVos . Betsy DeVos said Collins tried to " get to yes " but Lisa Murkowski ( ) not Lisa Murkowski ( ) Should the vote come a floor confirmation vote Pence , in his capacity as president of the Senate , could Pence the    vote on confirmation . Trump nominee for attorney general , Sen. Jeff Sessions , has yet to be confirmed . He is among the 52 Republicans in the Senate , and if Trump nominee for attorney general and Murkowski stand firm in their the Senate vote against DeVos , Sessions’ positive vote to confirm DeVos Collins and Murkowski be needed just to reach a    tie , assuming remaining DeVos vote along party lines . The Senate will likely hold the vote to confirm Sessions until after the the Senate DeVos , should his vote be needed to confirm her . It remains to DeVos seen whether the vote on DeVos will break ranks and DeVos for DeVos the vote on DeVos White House press secretary Sean Spicer said of DeVos’ pending confirmation , DeVos I am 100 percent confident she will be the next secretary of education . " Opponents of Common Core curriculum White House press secretary Sean Spicer criticized a DeVos confirmation . She herself has vehemently denied support for Common Core since her DeVos . Breitbart News a DeVos confirmation that she does enjoy the support of Common Core a DeVos confirmation Jeb Bush . DeVos has also a DeVos confirmation described as an ardent supporter of school choice , a DeVos that has drawn sharp opposition from Democrats and teachers unions . As of Thursday afternoon , the vote on DeVos had been postponed until Monday , according to the Hill . While the DeVos will likely be able to vote on DeVos by Saturday , some Republican senators needed to secure the votes to confirm DeVos , or at least reach a tie , are expected to be absent DeVos A vote in the Senate Health , Education , Labor , and Pensions ( HELP ) Committee to advance DeVos ’s confirmation to a full Senate vote revealed straight    positions on selection DeVos secretary of education ,   . Senate Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana . 
 