Megyn Kelly ’s new NBC newsmagazine program premiered to modest ratings Sunday night , as it came in third place in total viewership in primetime behind Game 2 of the NBA Finals and a rerun of CBS ’s 60 Minutes , though it did top the    CBS news show in the key demographic . [ According to Variety , Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly drew 6 . 1 million viewers in its 7 p. m. time slot , behind 60 Minutes ‘ 6 . 6 million viewers . Both news programs lost handily to ABC ’s broadcast of the NBA Finals Game 2 matchup between the Cleveland Cavaliers and the Golden State Warriors , which drew an average of around 15 . 5 million viewers .   The Warriors’ victory over the Cavs also unsurprisingly led in the      demographic , drawing a 5 . 7 rating Kelly ’s show came in second with a 0 . 8 , while CBS ’s rerun of 60 Minutes drew a 0 . 6 . Overall , NBC finished third on the night in total viewers with an average of 4 . 7 million , but second in the demo , with an average 1 . 0 rating . ABC blew away all competition with ABC NBA coverage , while Fox and CBS came in third and fourth in the demo , respectively . Kelly   —    the former Fox News star who departed for NBC in January   —    promoted a    interview with Russian president Vladimir Putin to help kick off her Kelly  — night show . Critical reception to the a   interview with Russian president Vladimir Putin mixed , though the exchange between Kelly and Putin could Russian president Vladimir Putin fairly described as contentious when Kelly asked Kelly Putin might Russian president Vladimir Putin compromising information on U. S. President Donald Trump , the Russian president Russian : " Have you all lost your senses over there ? " For her part Kelly Kelly said Kelly an interview with TV Insider last month that her new Kelly was not trying to compete with 60 Minutes . " They ’ve her new show doing it for her new show years , and it ’s her new show hugely rated show not just in news but in all of television , " Kelly told Kelly outlet . " Our goal is not to beat 60 Minutes . It ’s Our goal do great journalism in a way that ’s compelling and dynamic . Our show Our and feels a little different from what ’s been seen before .   You ’ll see some pieces that are a little more cutting edge and more irreverent . " Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly Kelly through the summer until NBC ’s Sunday Night Football premieres in September . The show will Our show February after the network ends its coverage of the the network Olympics . In the off time , Kelly will debut Kelly show at NBC , a morning NBC show that will immediately follow the network ’s    the network    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 