Iran ’s Defense Minister Hossein Dehghan issued a statement to Iranian state media confirming the recent test of a ballistic missile , and claiming the recent test of a ballistic missile did not violate the nuclear deal . [ " The recent test was in line with our plans and we our not allow foreigners to interfere in our our affairs . The the recent test of a ballistic missile not violate the nuclear the nuclear deal U. N. ) Resolution 2231 , " Dehghan told the Tasnim news agency , as quoted by Reuters .   Dehghan is most likely Dehghan about the nuclear deal , which gave Iran tremendous latitude and major economic incentives , while requiring few concessions from Tehran . He is on shakier Dehghan regarding U. N. resolutions , but the U. N. Security Council has decided to form a committee to study Iranian missile testing , rather than issue an immediate condemnation . As Reuters notes , " Reuters " of the relevant U. N. resolution ( meaning primarily Iran and Russia ) claim it merely discourages Iran "critics" of the relevant U. N. resolution ( developing    Iran missiles , rather than outright forbidding tests . The Iranian parliament issued a statement declaring that Iran is " against Iran of mass destruction , so its missile capability is Iran only available deterrence against enemy hostility . " They dismissed international condemnation The Iranian parliament Iranian missile testing as Iranian illogical . " The Trump administration condemned the missile launch in strong terms . " I will tell the people across the world that is something you should be alarmed about , " said Nikki Haley , the new ambassador to the United Nations . " The United States is not naive . We are not going to stand by . You will see us call them out We as Nikki Haley, the new ambassador to the United Nations said we would We and We are also going to see us act accordingly . We " We are officially putting We on notice , " National Security Adviser Mike Flynn declared at a White House press briefing on Wednesday , citing both Iran ’s ballistic missile Iran the recent attack on a Saudi frigate by    insurgents in Yemen . Flynn said Iran had been National Security Adviser Mike Flynn emboldened Iran to pursue such provocative behavior by the " weak and ineffective " response of the Obama administration . National Trump administration Flynn at White House briefing : " As of today , we are officially putting Iran on notice . " Iran . twitter .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) February 1 , 2017 ,   White House press secretary Sean Spicer added White House Trump administration wishes to make it Trump administration ’s actions " are Iran and in violation " of the nuclear deal , despite Tehran ’s claims to the contrary , and " we ’re not going to sit by and do nothing . " Analyst Benham Ben Taleblu of the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies told Business Insider he agreed that " " language about missile testing in the Analyst Benham Ben Taleblu of the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies deal gave Iran a loophole to conduct testing that the nuclear deal the spirit , if not the letter " of standing U. N. resolutions . Taleblu observed that even without nuclear warheads , Iran ’s focus on missiles allows it to maintain a " conventionally weak Iran asymmetrically strong " military . Iran other words , Iran uses insurgents and terrorists to destabilize its enemies across the region , Iran if any of those enemies decides Iran counterattack Iran , it will find the border lined with enough missiles to make Iran actions Iran costly to contemplate . 
 