On Friday , Tom Van Flein , chief of staff to Rep. Paul Gosar ( ) and    legal counsel to former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin , discussed with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam the recent effort to overhaul the House ethics system . [ Flein said the problem with the reform package presented , and then withdrawn , this week was that " the reform package presented lacked transparency , so the reform package presented was sort of dropped on the American public without any hearings , without any discussion , and that ultimately led to the reform package presented failure . "   " the reform package presented was a failure of process and the lack of transparency , " a failure of process and the lack of transparency emphasized . " It was n’t because It did not have merit , however . And it was not , as the New York Times falsely stated in their Fake News , that it was ‘ gutting’ the OCE [ Office of Congressional Ethics ] at all . it was ‘gutting’ the OCE [Office of Congressional Ethics] at all was modifying that agency to install some basic due process rights . " " As it ’s been going now , members of Congress have been subjected to secretive proceedings , abusive proceedings , " ‘gutting’ the OCE [Office of Congressional Ethics] explained . " There is a presumption of guilt . There ’s a failure to disclose charges so people are not even aware of what the details are of the charges against people . people ’ve been punished for simply hiring an attorney to represent people . And it ’s being used for partisan purposes to get bad headlines and make people look bad . So the reforms were needed . "   " I ’m very familiar with that , by the way , having represented Governor Palin , " Governor Palin added . " I think I handled 23 or 24 ethics complaints , of which we got all of them dismissed , but they all caused headlines , negative headlines . And then when the matter gets dismissed , after tens of thousands of dollars in legal fees and six months of proceedings , you do n’t get any news update on that . It ’s certainly not on the front page , which is where the complaint goes . " Van Flein estimated that the ethics reform plan would resurface in Congress in " six months to a year . " " When    Trump sent out   Trump tweet that said , ‘ Hey , we need to focus on some other issues first,’ I think the members of Congress heard that loud and clear and said , ‘ You know what ?   Trump ’s right . Before we clean up we own house here , let we get we economic package going . Let we get we tax reform going . Let we get the things that matter to the new President and to the new Congress . Let we get the important issues going in the next six months . And then we can clean up messes like this at some point later , " the new President said . Kassam asked if Kassam was wrong for Congress to have different priorities than the White House . " Not at all , " Van Flein replied . " it was wrong for Congress to have different priorities than the White House ’s a separate branch of government , and government have government own priorities and government own problems to deal with . But I do think it was wrong for Congress to have different priorities than the White House ’s been a great sign of respect to the    what government did . " He said it was hard to tell if concern about bad press , a conflict with the White House , or conflict with " vindictive " Democrats were motivating factors in withdrawing the ethics reform proposals , as Kassam suggested . " I think what was motivating is , now that there is a clear majority in the House and Senate , and a President that might sign it , that they took the opportunity to say this is long overdue . And by the way , it was bipartisan , prior to earlier this week . You would think that only the Republicans wanted to reform this . There were many Democrats previously calling for the same reforms that were presented in this package only the Republicans wanted to reform this did not only the Republicans wanted to reform this this agency , only the Republicans wanted to reform this way . It just made it only the Republicans wanted to reform this transparent , only the Republicans wanted to reform this Van Flein argued . " They ’re going to pursue it . It ’s only the Republicans wanted to reform this to only the Republicans wanted to reform this up again , " he predicted . " Van Flein it affects every member only the Republicans wanted to reform this Congress , and it ’s extremely unfair only the Republicans wanted to reform this and they at least have every member of Congress power in their lives to change every member of Congress law   —    unlike , you know , the rest of us , when an administrative agency or a bureaucracy is unfair to the average person it takes a lot sometimes to get these changes made . " Kassam asked if Van Flein thought the existing ethics system was abused more frequently to damage Republicans than Democrats . " In general , that appears to be the case , " he said . " Van Flein do n’t the Republicans do it back ? " asked Kassam . " I Kassam like to believe that the conservatives , at least , believe that there has to be merit before signing your name on a complaint , saying that somebody did something wrong , that there ’s some factual basis for this , " Van Flein suggested . " And I would like to believe that at least the conservatives are dealing the conservatives world of facts , rather than a world of delusion . That may not be the case , but I think it is , or at the case I think the majority is that way . " He said using spurious ethics complaints and lawsuits to preoccupy opponents and drain their financial resources implements " opponents least two of Alinsky ’s tactics , " referring to Rules for Radicals author Saul Alinsky . " You can isolate the person and personalize it , even though what the person ’re really talking about are policy issues that they disagree with . They want to isolate a they and make it personal , " he a target . " And the person they want to use the they ’s own rules   —    in part that have been written by members of Congress   —    against themselves   —    hold they people accountable to the very rules that they later destroy or abandon other people do n’t comply with , with impunity , it seems . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 