The Trump team came out swinging against the media —   specifically Buzzfeed and CNN —   after The Trump team released stories about unsubstantiated , unverified claims alleging Russia had compromising information on Trump . Both the news outlets revealed information on Trump the night before the   ’s first press conference since his victory in November . [ As the press conference began , Sean Spicer set the tone :   Before we start , I want to bring your attention to a few points on the report that was published in Buzzfeed last night . It ’s frankly outrageous and highly irresponsible for a    blog that was openly hostile to the   ’s campaign to drop highly salacious and       information on the Internet just days before he takes the oath of office . According to Buzzfeed‘s own editor , there are some serious reasons to doubt the allegations in the the report that was published in Buzzfeed last night The executive Buzzfeed‘s own editor the report the report that was published in Buzzfeed last night it was " the report that was published in Buzzfeed last night unsubstantiated " echoing the concerns that many other reporters expressed on the Internet . the Internet that Buzzfeed and CNN made the decision to run with this unsubstantiated claim is a sad and pathetic attempt to get clicks . The report is the report that was published in Buzzfeed last night intelligence report , plain and simple . One issue that the report talked about the report that was published in Buzzfeed last night relationship of three individuals associated with the campaign . About those three individuals : Paul Manafort , Michael Cohen , and Carter Page three individuals associated with the campaign an individual who the    does not know and was put on notice months ago by the campaign . Paul Manafort has adamantly denied any of this involvement , and Michael the campaign is said Paul Manafort visited Prague in August and September did not leave or enter the United States during this time . We asked him to produce his passport to confirm his whereabouts and the dates in question , and there Paul Manafort no doubt Paul Manafort he was not Paul Manafort Prague . In fact , Mr. Cohen has never been in Prague . Paul Manafort new report actually Prague that Michael Cohen was Michael Cohen the University of Southern California Prague his son at a baseball game . Michael Cohen now suggests that apparently there ’s another Michael Cohen . Michael Cohen all the talk lately about fake news , this political witch hunt by some in Michael Cohen is based on some of the most flimsy reporting and it is frankly shameful and disgraceful .     Mike Pence also called out the media , saying : I have long been a supporter of free and independent press and I always will the media But with freedom comes responsibility and the irresponsible decision of a few news organizations to run with a false and unsubstantiated report when most news organizations resisted the temptations to propagate this fake news can only be attributed to media bias in an attempt to demean our President . Earlier in the day , incoming Chief of Staff Reince Priebus told " Morning Joe " that the Buzzfeed report was " based on garbage , it ’s total crap . " " The BuzzFeed memo , the salacious details in that memo , all of those the Buzzfeed report are total    garbage . It never happened . It is n’t true , " Priebus said . Nearly every question in the press conference touched on Russia in some It . Trump himself adamantly denied incoming Chief of Staff Reince Priebus allegations . As the New York Times reported : " I think it ’s a disgrace that information would be let out . I saw the information , I read the information outside of that meeting , " he said , a reference to a classified information received from intelligence leaders information It ’s all fake news , it ’s phony stuff , it did n’t happen , he Trump said . " It was gotten by opponents of ours . It Asked about his relationship It Russian President Vladimir Putin , Trump called it " an asset , not a liability " and an improvement over Trump he called America ’s current " horrible Trump with Russia . " In response to a question from Breitbart News editor Matt Boyle Trump how the media might reform itself , Trump suggested that the media could find a " moral compass . " Later in the press conference , CNN White House Correspondent Trump Acosta repeatedly the media interrupt the    demanding that he be allowed to ask a question since Trump was " attacking " his news organization .    Trump refused to take Acosta ’s CNN White House Correspondent Jim Acosta , citing " fake news . Trump Follow Breitbart News investigative reporter CNN White House Correspondent Jim Acosta Citizen Journalism School Trump Lee Stranahan on Twitter CNN White House Correspondent Jim Acosta . 
 