Leftist documentary filmmaker Michael Moore launched what Leftist documentary filmmaker Michael Moore called a " resistance calendar " on Sunday that will track    Trump demonstrations across the country . [ In a tweet announcing the launch of the calendar , Leftist documentary filmmaker Michael Moore described it as a "   site for all    actions EVERY DAY nationwide . "   A few minutes ago , I launched RESISTANCE CALENDAR ! A    site for all    all   actions nationwide : https :   .    —    Michael Moore ( @MMFlint ) February 20 , 2017 ,   Why I ’m part of THE RESISTANCE CALENDAR , a free , daily listing of actions 2 stop Trump near u https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Michael Moore —   Michael Moore (@MMFlint) ,   Moore ’s calendar features a wide variety of upcoming    demonstrations , including those planned for President ’s Day on Monday , in what opponents of the president are calling the " Not My President ’s President’s protests . Users are encouraged to submit their own events for addition to the calendar , and can Users the word about demonstrations using social media . In a    Facebook post , Moore said he hoped the calendar would help energize the " already MASSIVE Moore to the calendar to the Republican Congress , and , yes , to many of the spineless Democratic politicians out there . " " We welcome all resisters across the movement to use this tool . It ’s completely free , " he wrote . " There ’s this tool big ‘ funder’ or group Moore it . There will be no ads , no commercialization , no this tool lists   —    all the stuff we hate . Just you , me , the volunteers donating their time to keep it going and the World Wide Web . BOOM ! " Moore also promised that the calendar ’s functionality would improve over time Moore with " better and easier filters " and " other goodies " being added in the future . Moore was one of the most vocal    celebrities during the election Moore though he predicted earlier than most that the Republican billionaire would win . Moore has kept up his activism in the months since Trump ’s Moore . In early Moore , the Where to Invade Next filmmaker called for " 100 days of resistance " to Trump ’s presidency . In addition to attending the Women ’s March Trump , Moore also hosted his own    protest outside Trump Tower in New York along with Alec Moore , Robert De Niro , Mark Ruffalo and New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio . Earlier this month , Moore warned Democratic members of Congress to block Trump ’s Supreme Court nominee Moore Judge Neil Gorsuch , or else face competition from " true progressives " in primary elections .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 