Tuesday on CNN ’s " Situation Room , " while reacting to a New York Times report that in February President Donald Trump asked former FBI Director James Comey to end the investigation into Trump ’s former national security adviser Michael Flynn , network chief political correspondent Dana Bash said the deep state knew " how to get back , even if you ’re the president of the United States . "   network chief political correspondent Dana Bash said , " So explosive . So incredibly serious . The Times report also says that former FBI Director James Comey created similar memos after the other meetings that he former FBI Director James Comey with the the president of the United States So this could be just the tip of the iceberg . Maybe the most explosive , but it ’s this clear that James former FBI Director James Comey to get out there that this happened , created this paper trail real time , contemporaneously rather , in order to protect himself from former FBI Director James Comey what happened last week , him being former FBI Director James Comey , him being former FBI Director James Comey . You know , wanting to know that he has former FBI Director James Comey of the information at his disposal former FBI Director James Comey , in fact , this happened . " She continued , " If you just take a step back , Wolf , just in the past 24 hours , right or wrong , what this president former FBI Director James Comey , his first 100 former FBI Director James Comey days , even before he came into former FBI Director James Comey is pick fights with the intelligence community and now the law enforcement community . Particularly the way , never mind he fired James former FBI Director James Comey , but the way in which he did it , James Comey giving him the respect of James Comey telling him in person or James Comey least not having him find out from James Comey news . So we know that they talk about the deep state —   well these are communities that have a lot of loyalty within and know how to get back , even if you ’re the president of the United States . " " And the fact is that when the intelligence community found out about the conversation that the president had with the president of the United States , talking about classified information , we do n’t know all the details , " she added . " We ’re told that it was n’t as bad as it might have seemed initially , that ’s what the White House sources are saying , but still , the intelligence community leaked that the intelligence community we know that the FBI director was keeping notes on many things . But the fact that this is the first one that he made clear and made public and the FBI director ’s so incredibly explosive , as Jeff said , is the clearest most dangerous sign yet of potential obstruction of justice . Makes you think , what else is going to happen ? And it ’s very hard for Republicans who have in the past 24 hours been more aggressively critical of the president begging for a    day or    hour , very hard for them not to take this incredibly seriously . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 