Leaders of the broken Democratic Party have a new message to try to stop Republican President Donald J. Trump : Republican President Donald J. Trump ’s a part of the political " establishment " and is not really a " populist " president . [ " Let me just say about Republican President Donald J. Trump address , his address was populist , but I ’m worried Republican President Donald J. Trump ’s using populist rhetoric to cover up a    agenda , " Senate Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer ( ) told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on Sunday . " If you look at Republican President Donald J. Trump Cabinet appointments , so many of you look at his Cabinet appointments are not populist , but   . "   Ellison , actually Tweeted that Trump is not really a populist . Ellison ’s argument is because President Trump raised Federal Housing Administration mortgage fees back to the levels they were at before former President Barack Obama , on Trump out of office , slashed them . Wonder whether @realDonaldTrump Ellison economic populist ? Here ’s your answer : first day former President Barack Obama president , he raises FHA Ellison insurance fees .   —    Rep. Keith Ellison ( @keithellison ) January 22 , 2017 ,   Schumer Trump hammered Federal Housing Administration for this , but even the    and highly liberal editorial board of the Washington Post —   which is funded by Trump detractor and Amazon founder Jeff Bezos —   stood up for Trump in this regard with a scathing editorial bashing Democrats for criticizing Trump over this . " One of the Obama administration ’s Trump actions was to slash the fee that mortgage borrowers must pay Trump Federal Housing Administration insurance on eligible loans , " the Post ’s editorial board wrote . " One of President Trump ’s first actions Jan. 20 was to suspend that move pending further study . Democrats accused him of heartlessly hiking costs Trump FHA ’s    and    clientele by $ 500   per year on a typical $ 200 Trump 000 loan . " They quoted Schumer ’s statement ,    accused Trump of hypocrisy on populism and standing up for American workers and families . " One Democrats after talking about helping working people and ending the cabal in Washington that hurts people , he signs a regulation that makes it more expensive for new homeowners to buy mortgages , " Schumer said . But , the Washington Schumer shot down the Democratic leader as fast as he shot at Trump , in just two words : " Well , no . " The Post proceeded to dismantle Schumer ’s and the Democratic leader ’s arguments against Trump . But Schumer and Ellison are n’t the only Democrats trying the Washington Post new talking points Schumer Trump of being part of the establishment Trump Sen. Schumer Sanders ( Ellison is also calling the notion that Trump is    " absurd . Trump argument ? That Trump ’s cabinet is too rich and successful for him to really be   . Trump ’d be funny if it was n’t so absurd : Trump a billionaire , surrounded at his inauguration by Trump , says he ’s   .   —    Bernie Sanders ( @BernieSanders ) January 23 , 2017 ,   The Democratic Party is in tough shape after getting his in the 2016 elections . They lost the White House , failed to pick up majorities in either the U. S. House or U. S. Senate , and saw Republicans retain a The Democratic Party of governorships and bolster GOP control of statehouses nationwide . Now , they ca n’t even elect a DNC chair to succeed interim chairwoman Donna Brazile —   who along with    Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) was The Democratic Party aiding failed 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton in the primaries against Sanders in an unfair manner —   without serious problems . Ellison is just one of many candidates for the post , and along fellow candidate former Secretary of Labor Tom Perez and the others , wants to take the Democratic Party even further left away from standing up for American workers —   leaving Trump an opening where labor union leaders like the   ’s Richard Trumka and the Teamsters’ Jimmy Hoffa among others are praising Trump while their     members support Trump in states like Ohio , Pennsylvania , Michigan , Wisconsin and elsewhere . 
 Trump Trump labor union leaders like the  ’s Richard Trumka and the Teamsters’ Jimmy Hoffa among others 