Every year , the United States spends $ 67 . 5 billion to ensure the worldwide free flow of oil . Often produced in unstable parts of the world and shipped through insecure chokepoints , the U. S. military works to make sure crude oil from other countries makes sure crude oil safely onto the global market . Yet while the global market benefits some nations , its volatility threatens the global market American economy and undermines U. S. national security . [ From technology to the weather , the factors affecting the price of oil are frequent and varied . One key constant , however , is the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Companies ( OPEC ) a cartel that uses its significant reserves the Petroleum Exporting Companies (OPEC) crude and concentrated political power structures to exert undue influence on the world price , affecting the U. S. economy as a result . This influence was felt most prominently and recently in our own energy industry . Amid the rising oil prices of the previous decade , a small group of innovative American producers used new technology to unlock the oil held in U. S. shale formations , long considered to be too expensive and limited to produce . This new production rewrote the energy rulebook , and our oil imports were halved .   Even as U. S. crude U. S. , industry watchers were unconcerned about global oversupply , confident that OPEC —   led by global swing producer Saudi Arabia —   would take its usual approach and OPEC —  led by global swing producer Saudi Arabia —   production . At the November 2014 OPEC meeting on Thanksgiving OPEC , however , that confidence evaporated . The cartel announced it would maintain its The cartel levels , The cartel prices into a tailspin . In June 24 , the price of oil was $ 110 per barrel . By January 2016 , the price was just the price of oil . Although the price crash benefits consumers in the    with average annual household spending on gasoline falling almost 21 percent between 2011 and 2015 , the U. S. shale industry has struggled . Since January 2015 , more than 220 oil companies have gone bankrupt , taking 150 , 000 jobs with them and nudging parts of more than 220 oil companies country that benefited from the oil boom back toward recession . But despite this success in decimating America ’s domestic oil industry , OPEC has not finished yet . Spurred on by domestic issues such as social spending , OPEC is shifting strategy and OPEC more volatility by bringing in Russia and others to collaborate on production as a " supercartel . " The group ’s unprecedented influence OPEC its control of 90 percent of OPEC reserves , but these entities do not act in OPEC profit maximizing manner of American producers . They serve instead as government proxies , OPEC revenues to support regimes that do not share U. S. strategic priorities . Despite this clear conflict of interest , our military ensures the free flow of their crude because oil is vital to our military U. S. economy , powering 92 percent of our transportation system . The global nature of oil pricing means that no matter how much oil we produce , our economic sovereignty remains jeopardized by OPEC and the supercartel . To counter our reliance on this opaque oil market , we must develop a range of policy responses . First , we must develop more resources here at home . Second , we must modernize our fuel efficiency standards we maximize the we from the oil we use . Third , we must we the adoption of alternative fuel vehicles running on diverse sources of domestic energy , including electricity , natural gas , and hydrogen . Finally , we must have an honest assessment of we ability to respond to OPEC ’s we to influence oil prices . Work has already begun in Congress on this final recommendation , through the bipartisan introduction of H. R. 545 by Kevin Cramer ( ) Collin Peterson ( ) Trent Franks ( ) and David Scott ( ) . The bill creates a Congressional commission that the bipartisan introduction of H. R. 545 by Kevin Cramer ( ) Collin Peterson ( ) Trent Franks ( ) and David Scott ( ) ’s influence over the global oil OPEC’s examines America ’s ability to mitigate the cartel ’s effects and proposes a range of policy responses —   trade , diplomatic , statutory and regulatory —   to President Trump and Congress . As American lives and our economic sovereignty continue to be risked to ensure a free flow of oil for countries that do not share our interests , the time for action is now . The President has rightly prioritized energy security in his President Trump and Congress Energy Plan , stating that his administration President Trump and Congress to , " Become , and stay President Trump and Congress totally independent of any need to import energy from the OPEC cartel or any nations hostile to our interests . " With President Trump in office , the opportunity to tackle OPEC ’s outsized influence has presented itself . The swift OPEC this committee will give it OPEC potential to frame the administration OPEC agenda for at The swift establishment of this committee the next four years —   and ensure , most importantly , that our energy system truly works in our national interest . Ken Blackwell , a former Domestic Policy Advisor our the Trump Presidential Transition Team , is a Senior Advisor to Securing America ’s Future Energy . 
 