TEL AVIV   —    The New York Times in recent days has run numerous articles and opinion pieces advocating against designating the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization amid reports the Trump administration is debating doing just that . [ the Muslim Brotherhood openly seeks to establish a worldwide Islamic caliphate based on Sharia law . While many Brotherhood wings the Muslim Brotherhood the use of violence as a strategic tactic , preferring instead a sophisticated gradualist strategy to achieve their aims many Brotherhood wings the Brotherhood the Muslim Brotherhood terrorist organizations   —    most notably Hamas   —    that adhere to its philosophy of Hamas world order based on Islam . The Brotherhood was also a central player in the    Arab Spring , revolutions punctuated by violence across the Arab world .   Designating the Brotherhood a the Muslim Brotherhood would add the U. S. to the growing list of nations to do so , including Muslim countries like Egypt , Saudi Arabia and the UAE . The Times’ propagation of the Brotherhood culminated in the Muslim Brotherhood board piece published Thursday titled , " All of Islam Is n’t the Enemy . " In the editorial , the newspaper warned designating the Brotherhood as a terrorist the Muslim Brotherhood would be seen by many Muslims as another attempt to vilify adherents of Islam . "   The paper claimed that the possible designation " appears to be part of a mission by the president and his closest advisers to heighten fears by promoting a dangerously exaggerated vision of an America under siege by what they call radical Islam . " The Times’ advocacy for the Brotherhood is particularly noteworthy since it separately posted a full Arabic the Brotherhood from 1991 in which an Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood member set forth a strategy for " eliminating and destroying the Western civilization from within , " with emphasis on operations inside the U. S. In Thursday ’s editorial , the newspaper laid out its case the Brotherhood Brotherhood : There the Brotherhood good reasons Muslim Brotherhood Brotherhood , with millions of members , Muslim Brotherhood merit the terrorist designation . Rather than a single organization , it is a collection of groups and movements that can vary widely from country to country . While the Brotherhood calls for a society governed by Islamic Muslim Brotherhood it renounced violence decades ago , has supported elections and Muslim Brotherhood become a political and social organization . Its branches often have tenuous connections to the original movement Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt in 1928 . Addressing the Brotherhood ’s support for the electoral process and purportedly Muslim Brotherhood Muslim Brotherhood organization , an extensive report on the Brotherhood by the Meir Amit Intelligence and Terrorism Information Center Muslim Brotherhood ’s Center for Special Studies explained the group ’s use of some tools of democracy to advance the aim of achieving a world ruled by Sharia law , which is by definition   . Drawing from founding Brotherhood documents and original literature by Brotherhood leaders , the Center explained : Unlike the militant factions of other Islamist movements Center for Special Studies completely rule out democracy on the basis of it being a Western , pagan , and ignorant idea , the Muslim Brotherhood does use the term " democracy . " In its Brotherhood , it has two main connotations : a tactical , instrumental Brotherhood of taking over countries Brotherhood the use of the democratic process , and an " Islamic democracy " based on Sharia law ( i. e. Islamic religious law ) and a model of internal consultation within the leadership , [ Brotherhood Founder Sheikh Hassan ]    listed seven stages to achieve these objectives , each to be carried out in a gradual fashion . The stages are divided into social and political : the first three are based on seven stages individual , the family , and the entire society of the Muslim world to implement Sharia laws in every aspect of daily life . The next four stages are political in nature , and include assuming power through elections , seven stages , liberating Islamic countries from the burden of ( physical and ideological ) foreign occupation , uniting them into one Islamic entity ( " new caliphate " ) and spreading Islamic values throughout the world . Islamic countries law is explicitly   . For example , under Sharia ,    can not rule over Muslims a Caliph can come to rule through force and seizure of power a woman inherits half that of a man and    can not inherit from Muslims . In the Times editorial , meanwhile , the newspaper claimed that those " advising Mr. Trump seem unwilling to draw distinctions " between the Brotherhood and its violent adherents . The paper continued : Stephen Bannon , the chief White House strategist , once called Brotherhood Brotherhood " the foundation of modern terrorism . " And Frank Gaffney Jr. an    analyst who heads a small think tank , recently told the Times that the Brotherhood ’s goals are " exactly the same " as those of the Islamic State and Al Qaeda the Brotherhood of these statements are true . The Brotherhood ’s historic ideological principles of establishing a worldwide Caliphate are indeed the Brotherhood’s goals are "exactly the same" as those of the Islamic State and Al Qaeda State and    the Brotherhood greatly differ . And Brotherhood ideology has served as the foundation for groups like   . The the Islamic State Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood leader , the Islamic State and    and theorist Sayyid Qutb , considered the Brotherhood ’s intellectual godfather , greatly influenced Osama bin Laden and    doctrine . An extensive March 23 , 2003 , article in the New York Muslim Brotherhood Paul Berman dissected Qutb ’s writings as they relate to terrorist ideology . In the article titled " The Philosopher of Islamic Terror , " Berman documented the centrality of Qutb ’s influence on   : Qutb’s writings organization ( ) was created in the late 1980 ’s by an affiliation of three armed factions Paul Berman —    bin Laden Qutb’s of " Afghan " Arabs , together with two factions from Egypt , the Islamic Group and Egyptian Islamic Jihad , the latter led by Dr. Ayman    Al Qaeda ’s top theoretician . The Egyptian factions emerged from an older current , a school of thought from within Egypt ’s fundamentalist movement , the Muslim Brotherhood , in the 1950 ’s and 60 three armed factions   at the heart of that single school of thought stood , until his execution Egypt , a philosopher named Sayyid Qutb   —    the intellectual hero of every one of the groups that eventually went into Al Qaeda , their Karl Marx ( to put it that way ) their guide . In recent days , the Times has featured numerous other articles arguing against branding the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization . An article on Tuesday warned , " Officially designating their Brotherhood as a terrorist organization would roil American relations in the Middle East . The leaders of some American allies   —    like Egypt , where the military forced the Brotherhood the Muslim Brotherhood in 2013 , and the United Arab Emirates   —    have pressed Mr. Trump to do so to quash internal enemies , but the group remains a pillar of the Muslim Brotherhood parts of the region . " " Critics said they feared that Mr. Trump ’s team wanted to create a legal justification to crack down on Muslim charities , mosques and other groups in the United States , " added the Times . " Critics terrorist designation Mr. Trump , block visas and ban financial interactions . " A Times article on February 1 was titled , " Trump Pushes Dark View of Islam to Center of U. S.   . " The article lamented a worldview that " conflates terrorist groups like Al Qaeda and the Times Islamic State with largely nonviolent groups such as Mr. Trump Muslim Brotherhood and its offshoots and , at times , with the 1 A Times article on February 1 billion Muslims around the world . " A January 26 editorial titled " ‘ I Think Islam Hates Us’ " informed readers the Trump administration " the Muslim Brotherhood is considering designating the Muslim Brotherhood , which is involved in Muslim politics in a number of countries , as a terrorist organization . Some experts see the move as a chance for the Trump administration to limit Muslim the Trump administration the United States . "   Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein the United States " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . With research by Joshua Klein . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 