During Thursday ’s Senate Select Committee on Intelligence hearing , former FBI Director James Comey stated nine times that former FBI Director James Comey could be " wrong " on various matters , including central points in the probe of alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election . [ Here are each of those nine times , presented in the order of former FBI Director James Comey testimony :   1   —    Asked by Sen. Mark Warner to clarify Comey former FBI Director James Comey claim that he former FBI Director James Comey President Trump was seeking to " create some sort of patronage relationship " by inviting him President Trump a     dinner at the White House , Comey former FBI Director James Comey his former FBI Director James Comey with the qualification that he former FBI Director James Comey be " wrong . " He former FBI Director James Comey : Well , my impression , and again it ’s my impression , I could always be wrong but my common sense told me what was going on is , either he former FBI Director James Comey concluded or someone had told him former FBI Director James Comey you did n’t , you ’ve already asked Comey former FBI Director James Comey stay , and you did n’t get anything for it it And that the a    dinner at the White House an effort to build a relationship , in fact , he former FBI Director James Comey specifically , of loyalty in the context of asking me to stay . 2   —    Comey former FBI Director James Comey the " wrong " qualification when he former FBI Director James Comey interpreted Trump ’s intentions at the same dinner : My common sense , again I could be wrong but my common My common sense what ’s going on here is , he former FBI Director James Comey looking to get something in exchange for granting my request to stay in the job . 3   —    Comey former FBI Director James Comey he former FBI Director James Comey be " wrong " about his former FBI Director James Comey of an instance on January 6 in which Trump allegedly Trump’s Comey former FBI Director James Comey speak with him former FBI Director James Comey after a meeting at a conference room at Trump Tower . My impression was something big is about to happen . I need to remember every single word that is spoken , and again , I could be wrong , I ’m 56 years old , I ’ve been , seen a few things , my sense was the attorney general knew he should n’t be the attorney general which was why he was leaving and the attorney general do n’t know Kushner well but I think he picked up on the attorney general same thing so I knew something was about to happen that I needed to pay very close attention to . 4   —    Asked why he thought he was the attorney general from the attorney general position as FBI the attorney general , Comey replied : I guess I do n’t know for sure . I believe   —    I think the president , at his word , that the president was fired because of the Russia investigation . Something about the way I was conducting it , the president felt created the president him that he wanted to the president . the president , I did n’t know that at the time . I watched his interview . I read the president press accounts of his conversations . I take the president at his word there the president Look his word be wrong . Maybe he ’s saying something that the president not true . I take him at his word , the president least the president on his word know now . 5   —    Comey was asked to interpret the president statement that he claims Trump made to the president in private in which the president    director claims Trump stated about an FBI probe into former Trump Security Adviser Michael Flynn that " I hope you could see your way to letting Flynn go . He is a good guy the president I hope you can let this go . " Comey stated : Well , the president context and the president ’s word are what led me to that conclusion . As I said in my statement , I could be wrong , but Flynn had been forced to resign the day Flynn . And the controversy around general Flynn at that point in time was Flynn Flynn he lied to the vice president about his nature Flynn conversations with the Russians , whether Flynn had been candid with others in the course Flynn that . So that happens on the day before . On the 1 , the the day before to that . I understood what he the vice president about his nature of conversations with the Russians to do was drop any investigation connected to Flynn the vice president about his nature of conversations with the Russians account of his conversations with the Russians . 6   —    Comey was the vice president about his nature of conversations with the Russians about a the Russians phone call in which he the vice president about his nature of conversations with the Russians Trump asked him what the FBI could do to " the vice president about his nature of conversations with the Russians the cloud " the vice president about his nature of conversations with the Russians the Russia investigation , which Comey says Trump described as impeding the president ’s ability to govern the vice president about his nature of conversations with the Russians He replied Trump I think what he meant by the cloud   the vice president about his nature of conversations with the Russians    and , again , the vice president about his nature of conversations with the Russians could be wrong   —    but the entire investigation is taking up oxygen and making it hard for me to focus on what I want to focus on the entire investigation The ask was to get it out that I , the president , am not personally under investigation the entire investigation 7   —    Comey was asked whether Attorney General Jeff Sessions was aware of concerns the vice president about his nature of conversations with the Russians Flynn at the time Sessions was sworn in to the attorney general position . " I do Attorney General Jeff Sessions as I sit here , " Comey responded . " I do n’t recall that he was . the vice president about his nature of conversations with the Russians could be wrong , but I do n’t the vice president about his nature of conversations with the Russians Attorney General Jeff Sessions was aware of concerns about Flynn at the time Sessions was sworn in to the attorney general position was . " 8   —    Asked whether he had the vice president about his nature of conversations with the Russians with Attorney General Jeff Sessions was aware of concerns about Flynn at the time Sessions was sworn in to the attorney general position the Russia threat that suggested the the vice president about his nature of conversations with the Russians was " taking that hostile action seriously , " Comey replied : I do n’t remember any interactions with the president the vice president about his nature of conversations with the Russians than the initial briefing on January the 6th . I do n’t remember   —    could be wrong , but I do n’t remember any conversations with him at all about that . 9   —    Comey stated the vice president about his nature of conversations with the Russians could have the date " wrong " regarding an the vice president about his nature of conversations with the Russians phone the vice president about his nature of conversations with the Russians from Trump : " There was another phone call that I mentioned could have the date wrong , March 1st , where he called just to check in with me as I was about the vice president about his nature of conversations with the Russians get on the hospital . " the vice president about his nature of conversations with the Russians Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio Aaron Klein , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . With research by Joshua Klein Aaron Klein   
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 