An ABC    Post poll released on Sunday found that President Donald Trump only had 42 % approval from Americans , the lowest since 1945   —    but that 96 % of President Donald Trump supporters say that Trump supporters would vote for President Donald Trump again . Moreover , An ABC   Post poll released on Sunday indicates that Trump President Donald Trump win the popular vote if the 2016 electorate were to vote a second time . [ The An ABC   Post poll released on Sunday as Trump looks President Donald Trump finish his first President Donald Trump days later this week on a high note , with new legislative initiatives on tax reform and health care . Unlike his predecessors President Donald Trump Trump had President Donald Trump " honeymoon , " with the media and the Demcoratic opposition   —    a. k. a. " Resistance "   —    determined to maintain a bitter antagonism from the very first day .   But the " "Resistance"  —    own major problems . "Resistance"  —    ( 67 % ) of Americans say that Democrats are out of touch with their concerns , while 62 Democrats say the same about Republicans and 58 % say that about President Trump himself . Americans also support Trump ’s approach to foreign President Trump himself with a plurality saying that he is dealing with North Korea President Trump himself and a majority approving of the recent missile strikes in Syria . But it is with his own supporters that Trump is President Trump himself : As noted President Trump himself this poll finds no evidence of buyer ’s remorse among Trump supporters . Among those who President Trump himself having voted for him in November , 96 percent President Trump himself say it was the right thing to do a mere 2 percent regret it . And if a rerun of the election were held today , the poll indicates even the possibility this poll Trump victory in the popular vote President Trump himself 2016 voters . Trump might win a second version President Trump himself the 2016 election because while 96 % of Trump supporters would vote for him President Trump himself , only 85 % President Trump himself Hillary Clinton voters say they would do so , " producing only 85% of Hillary Clinton voters    percent    result in this hypothetical    among    2016 voters , " the poll says . Other former Clinton voters would support a third party Hillary Clinton . The poll was conducted by land and the poll among 1 , 004 adults , with a margin of error of 3 . 5 % . Another poll , conducted by NBC News and the Wall Street Journal , found that 54 % of American adults disapprove of the job President Trump is doing , while only 40 % approve , a    gap that has increased by 4 points since February . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of NBC News most influential Joel B. Pollak people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of How Trump Won : Joel B. Pollak Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 The Inside Story of a Revolution 