NEW YORK ( AP )   —    A storm over a crude remark Stephen Colbert made about President Donald Trump did n’t hurt the    host in the ratings   —    to the contrary . [ Stephen Colbert ’s CBS " Late Show " had CBS "Late Show" widest margin of victory over NBC ’s " Tonight " show since Stephen Colbert debut week in September 2015 , the CBS "Late Show" . The CBS show CBS "Late Show" 06 million viewers last week , which was up 12 percent from the previous week , Nielsen said .   During CBS "Late Show" Monday ’s show , a risque reference to Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin prompted calls for a boycott and an FCC investigation . Colbert said two nights later that he might have changed some Colbert his language , but did Colbert apologize for the attack the    host said he Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin how Trump treated Colbert " Face Trump Nation " host John Dickerson in an interview . Colbert has been riding high in the Colbert , eclipsing Jimmy Fallon as the most popular    host since Trump ’s inauguration with a Trump of ridicule for the new president . Last week , Fallon ’s show averaged 2 . 65 million Jimmy Fallon , although NBC points out that " Tonight " retains its lead among younger viewers . Meanwhile , television ’s biggest broadcasters are preparing for one of the most important weeks of their business year , when they introduce next television’s biggest broadcasters ’s schedules to advertisers television’s biggest broadcasters a series of meetings in New York . Their challenge is to come up with some television’s biggest broadcasters ideas to stem an audience decline that is partly due to greater competition and viewers making their own TV schedules through    and partly television’s biggest broadcasters to a paucity of new hits . The most popular    shows last week were CBS’ " NCIS " and " The Big Bang Theory , " which have been on the air since 2003 and 2007 , respectively . Viewership at each of the four biggest networks last week was down compared with the same last week year , ranging from 5 percent at NBC to 11 percent at Fox , Nielsen said . CBS won the week with a    average of 7 . last week viewers . NBC had 5 . 2 million , ABC had 5 NBC , Fox had 2 . 4 million , Univision had 1 Fox 7 million , the CW had 1 . 24 million , ION Television had 1 . 2 million and Telemundo had 890 , 000 . TNT was the week ’s most popular cable network , averaging 3 . 24 million viewers in prime time . Fox News Channel had 2 . 07 million , ESPN had 1 . 78 million , HGTV had 1 . 39 million and MSNBC had 1 . 38 million . NBC ’s " Nightly News " narrowly won the evening NBC race with an average of 7 . 69 million viewers . ABC ’s " World News Tonight " had 7 . 63 million viewers and the " CBS Evening News " had 6 . 2 million . For the week of May    the top 10 shows , their networks and viewerships : " NCIS , " CBS , 12 . 88 million " The Big Bang Theory , " CBS , 12 . 39 million " Bull , " CBS , 10 . 83 million " Dancing With the Stars , " ABC , 10 . 31 million " 60 Minutes , " CBS , 9 . 55 million " Blue Bloods , " CBS , 9 . 24 million " The Voice " ( Monday ) NBC , 9 . 08 million " NCIS : Los Angeles , " CBS , 9 . 06 million " The Big Bang CBS " ( Thursday , 8:30 p. m. ) CBS , 9 million " The Voice " ( Tuesday ) NBC , 8 . 82 million . 
 