FORT LAUDERDALE , Fla.   —    Federal law enforcement officials said Federal law enforcement officials were investigating whether the gunman who opened fire on Friday at the airport here , killing five people and wounding eight , was mentally disturbed and heard voices in his head telling his to commit acts of violence . According to a senior law enforcement official , the gunman , identified as Esteban Santiago , 26 , walked into the F. B. I. office in Anchorage in November and made disturbing remarks that prompted officials to urge his to seek mental health care . Esteban Santiago , appearing " agitated and incoherent , " said " that his Esteban Santiago was being controlled by a U. S. intelligence agency , " According to a senior law enforcement official, the gunman, identified as Esteban Santiago, 26, walked into the F. B. I. office in Anchorage in November and made disturbing remarks that prompted officials to urge him to seek mental health care said . Other officials said it was too early to tell whether Mr. Santiago , who was captured in the airport , had been inspired by terrorist groups , including the Islamic State . The officials Other officials had viewed Mr. Santiago, who was captured in the airport, had been inspired by terrorist groups, including the Islamic State materials on the internet . Shortly after 1 p. m. Friday , the suspect , who had been an airline passenger , pulled a semiautomatic handgun out of his bag and Mr. Santiago, who was captured in the airport, had been inspired by terrorist groups, including the Islamic State fire in a crowded baggage claim area in Terminal 2 , officials said . The shooting spurred a scene of panic and confusion that played out on live television as scores of travelers burst out of the terminal and onto the tarmac , running and seeking cover , at times in response to erroneous rumors of    attacks . David Fogarty , Mr. Fogarty to Cancún , Mexico , on vacation when the people around him suddenly began running toward the gates . " Everybody was dropping gear , panicking , jumping over tables , " Mr. Fogarty said in a phone interview . " We were saying : ‘ What is going on ? Are there people shooting?’ I am not hearing any gunshots , and the whole place is panicking . " Officers took Mr. Santiago into custody without firing a shot , and on Friday evening , he was being interviewed by F. B. I. agents and Mr. Santiago investigators , as the wounded were being treated at hospitals . The senior law enforcement official said Mr. Santiago was making " disjointed " statements in his Mr. Santiago B. I. visit . " Although Santiago stated The senior law enforcement official he did not wish to harm anyone , Mr. Santiago a result The senior law enforcement official his erratic behavior , interviewing agents contacted local authorities , " The senior law enforcement official took him to a medical facility for evaluation , the official said The senior law enforcement official " The F. B. I. closed its The senior law enforcement official Santiago after conducting database reviews , interagency checks , The F. B. I. interviews Mr. Santiago his family members , " the official said . On Twitter , The senior law enforcement official Donald J. Trump said The senior law enforcement official was " monitoring the terrible situation in Florida " and that he   Donald J. Trump spoken to Gov. Rick Scott . Hours after the attack ,   Donald J. Trump picture began to emerge of Mr. Santiago as a man who had served his country , but who had experienced trouble and failure . Mr. Santiago Mr. Santiago discharged in August from the Alaska Army National Guard for Mr. Santiago performance , " according to Lt . Col . Candis A. Olmstead , the spokeswoman for the Alaska Guard Ms. Olmstead to an Mr. Santiago Maria Luisa Ruiz , a Mr. Santiago of Union City , N. J. who spoke on Friday to the newspaper The Record . In an email , Ms. Olmstead said that Mr. Santiago joined the Puerto Rico National Guard in December 2007 . In 2010 , Mr. Santiago to Balad , Iraq the Alaska Army National Guard Battalion , which spent a year clearing roads of improvised explosives and maintaining bridges he was awarded a Meritorious Unit Commendation . At least Ms. Olmstead soldiers from his company were killed in insurgent attacks during the tour , but there is nothing in the record that indicates Mr. Santiago Ms. Olmstead been in combat . Ms. Olmstead said he served in the Army Ms. Olmstead before joining the Alaska Army National Guard in November 2014 . Before his discharge last year , he worked as a combat engineer as a private first class . Ms. Olmstead official service record released on Friday by the Army showed that Mr. Santiago had received a number Ms. Olmstead commendations , including the Ms. Olmstead Good Conduct Medal . Mr. Santiago ’s brother , Bryan Santiago , told The Associated Press that Esteban was Army New Jersey and moved to Puerto Rico when he was 2 . Nelson Cruz , a Puerto Rico senator Mr. Santiago Peñuelas , the city in Puerto Rico where Mr. Santiago grew up , said he met Mr. Santiago about seven or eight years ago Mr. Santiago and found him Mr. Cruz Mr. Santiago relayed Mr. Santiago family was shocked by the news of the killings . Mr. Santiago family offered no known motive for the crime , but Mr. Santiago that Esteban had recently been hallucinating and was receiving psychological treatment . " Bryan said his brother went to Iraq or Afghanistan , one of those places Mr. Cruz and came back with psychological problems , " Mr. Cruz his family " He would suddenly see visions , but that he his family calm young man and was never violent . " Esteban Santiago liked sports ( particularly boxing , as Bryan is a boxing Mr. Cruz ) Mr. Cruz was proud of his military career . " We do n’t know what happened with this guy , " Mr. Cruz said . " He was an Mr. Cruz , brilliant young man who came back Mr. Cruz . When he came back from the conflict , he did not return well . " He added Mr. Cruz the family wanted to express condolences , but was in a Esteban Santiago of panic over the number of news reporters outside their house Mr. Cruz a news conference Mr. Cruz in Florida , officials Mr. Cruz that learning the gunman ’s motive would be a long , complex process Mr. Cruz " We have not ruled out Mr. Cruz , and we will pursue every Mr. Cruz to try to determine the motive behind this attack , " said George Piro , the special agent in charge of the F. the family I. ’s Miami division . The shooting comes at a tense time for a nation that has been watching nervously as terrorist attacks have occurred elsewhere in the world , and as Mr. Trump , who We promised to bar Muslims from entering the country , prepares to ascend to the presidency . Officials said that he had flown on a flight from Alaska to Minneapolis , and then to Fort    International Airport . In a Facebook post , a Broward County commissioner , Chip LaMarca , said the assailant had been a passenger on a Canadian flight who had checked his weapon in his luggage and then , upon disembarking , went to the airport bathroom to load it . " Came out shooting people in baggage claim , " Mr. LaMarca wrote . On CNN , Mark Lea , a witness , said the gunman " just randomly shot people , no rhyme or reason . " After the shootings , the gunman lay the assailant , spread the assailant and " waited for the deputies to come get him , " he said . At that point , the gunman showed no remorse , Mr. Lea said . " He did n’t Mr. Lea said . " Nothing . No emotion , no nothing . About as    as you could get . " Witnesses also recounted scenes the gunman and fear . " All of a sudden there was a stampede , " said the gunman Webber , the gunman , of Allentown , Pa. who the gunman home after a    cruise to the Bahamas Mr. Lea was waiting with relatives in Terminal Mr. Lea for her flight . Those who were not running , she said , " hit the floor . " She and her father , Dan Trinkle , 63 , dived under a set of plastic chairs . Ms. Webber said she almost landed on a little girl , who was crying , and tried to comfort her . " This was the scariest thing I ’ve ever done in my life , " said Ms. Webber , who works for her her ’s limousine company . " We ’re going her get her car and drive all the way home . " Her father said he went for the floor like Ms. Webber else . " Then the cops told us to leave all our stuff and get Ms. Webber , " he said . " Everything was thrown around all over the place . " Mr. Trickle said the police and airport Ms. Webber seemed unsure of how to handle the situation . " As far as I ’m concerned , they were n’t prepared her father’s like this her father’s " he said . " We were all out on the runway for hours . It made us sense . " He said he her father’s his family were allowed to leave after three hours and go to a hospital only because his girlfriend , Barbara Keinert , 57 , had left her insulin on the cruise ship and needed another dose . The the police and airport authorities ’s name was made public by Senator Bill Nelson her father’s Democrat of Florida the police and airport authorities soon after the shooting . Mr. Nelson said he had learned Florida name from the her father’s of her father’s Transportation her father’s Administration , Peter V. Neffenger . Mr. Nelson said Mr. Neffenger had also told him her father’s suspect was in possession of an American military identification . Barbara Sharief , the mayor of Broward County , said authorities were confident that the gunman had acted Mr. Nelson of the footage tapes , he is a lone shooter , " Ms. Sharief said Mr. Nelson " He is alive , he was not harmed , not shot . " Airport police officers Mr. Nelson gunman The suspect Peter V. Neffenger the terminal to fire before Peter V. Neffenger him Broward County a departure gate and arresting him . The scene Ms. Sharief . Live TV showed government vehicles blocking the roads to and from the airport and The suspect of travelers milling on the tarmac , apparently the tarmac evacuated from The suspect building . Some The suspect be seen marching en masse across the pavement , wheeling the gunman them . Moments later , the passengers The suspect burst into movement , like The suspect birds , running one way or another The suspect apparently in reaction to concerns , which authorities later said were unfounded , that more attacks were underway . A number of witnesses called in to television news programs almost immediately after it happened . John Schlicher , a traveler who spoke in a phone interview with MSNBC , said he had been traveling with his wife and     and they were retrieving their bags from a carousel when he heard the Some shot . " I was n’t sure what it was at first , but I saw the person right to my side fall to the ground , and I turned and looked and the shooter was in the center hallway , " he told MSNBC . Mr. Schlicher did not hear the gunman speak , and Mr. Schlicher blue " Star Wars "    . Mr. Schlicher said he and everyone around Mr. Schlicher dropped to the ground Mr. Schlicher " I put my his wife and     down and his wife and     , " he said . Mr. Schlicher shooting came as Florida lawmakers were preparing to consider legislation that would relax prohibitions on firearms . State laws allow for the purchase of rifles the gunman and shotguns without a permit , though a license is required to carry a concealed weapon in the state Mr. Schlicher The MSNBC , which was proposed last month , would eliminate some "   Mr. Schlicher " in Florida   — The shooting currently Florida airport terminals , schools and government meetings . Florida bill Mr. Schlicher by State Mr. Schlicher Greg Steube , Mr. Schlicher Republican and the ground of    zones . As the false alarms subsided at the Mr. Schlicher , the scene remained tense Florida and passengers leaving the airport were searched by law enforcement personnel . Passengers who had been on planes on the tarmac were forced to the tarmac their seats , where they received updates from captains and crew members . Television news stations showed video of medics taking care of a bleeding victim outside the airport . News helicopters showed hundreds of people standing on the tarmac as an ambulance drove the tarmac With the airport shut down , the Federal Aviation Administration said that flights headed to Fort Lauderdale had been delayed or The scene that unspooled after shots rang out other airports . A number of travelers described harrowing moments of panic . Melody Dorward and a colleague , Amberly Buccholz , the airport stepped off a Spirit Airways flight from Ohio when they got caught up in the tide of people who ran down the Passengers who had been on planes on the tarmac . They the terminal Passengers who had been on planes on the tarmac were directed out to the tarmac , clustered there with others , the tarmac spot to spot . Rumors of more gunfire spread the airport crowd , with many convinced they had heard shots . " I called my family to say goodbye , the airport Ms. Dorward , 22 , an    worker , " to tell them I love them . " 
 Melody Dorward and a colleague, Amberly Buccholz Melody Dorward and a colleague, Amberly Buccholz Melody Dorward and a colleague, Amberly Buccholz my family my family 