During an interview with the Global Politico podcast released on Monday , former Clinton campaign Chairman John Podesta argued that FBI Director James Comey helped swing the 2016 election and " was a significant factor . "   former Clinton campaign Chairman John Podesta was asked , [ relevant remarks begin around 12:30 ] " [ J]ust to be clear on your actual view about this FBI Director James Comey intervention in the 2016 election and what happened , Clinton said recently she Clinton that that was one of —   a significant reason for her Clinton in the end . Do you agree with that ? Do you think that it did help to swing the election the 2016 election He former Clinton campaign Chairman John Podesta , " Oh , yeah . Absolutely . Look , we bear responsibility , and it ’s a responsibility burden , and I feel it every day responsibility I mean , we lost this we . the 2016 election the popular we by 3 million votes , but we lost the Electoral we and lost the election to Donald the 2016 election So , we have a burden of we having the keys to Donald Trump White House , and codes to the nuclear football . But , I think this was a significant factor . We felt like we had we lead that we took away from the we debates , in which , I believe , that Hillary won all those debates . The race was tight . We were n’t overconfident , we we were —   we we a lead , we that lead really substantially narrowed after Comey ’s letter , and the last week of coverage , which was all about , if nothing else , is this thing going to ever end ? You know , what he opened —   he Comey , as I Comey , just a week later . But he could have done that Comey , and consistently with    precedent , of both Democratic and Republican Justice Departments . " Podesta later added , " I think we threw everything we could at Pennsylvania , we ultimately came up short .    …      I mean , I think you can look at each individual state , my own personal view is we probably should have done we in Wisconsin . We did n’t advertise there we the very end . But , you know , at the end of the day , we lost Pennsylvania anyway , we we Pennsylvania thrown everything we we at Pennsylvania . we , you Pennsylvania , it is what it is . " He continued , " I think that there was a solid swing to him by that group of He . I think it was a combination of people feeling like , you know , it was just OK to blow up the system because the system was n’t working the system , and they would people feeling a flyer people feeling someone they viewed as unfit to people feeling president , you know , when we set out to prove that he was temperamentally unfit , and unqualified to be president . " (   Mediaite ) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 