In his lengthy interview with AFP on Thursday , Syrian President Bashar Assad mused that the American " Deep State " was more responsible for pelting Syrian President Bashar Assad Sharyat airbase with 59 cruise missiles than President Donald Trump . [ When the interviewer proposed that the retaliatory missile strike marked a drastic change in President Donald Trump position on Syria , Syrian President Bashar Assad insisted the U. S. and Syria Syria still be partners in fighting terrorism , once Trump President Donald Trump control of Washington away from the    complex .   " If they the U. S. and Syria serious in fighting terrorists , we ’re going to be partners , and I said not only the United States . Whoever wants to fight the terrorists , we we partners , " said Assad , in the transcript provided by Syria ’s SANA news service . " This is basic for us , basic principle , let ’s us , " he Assad : Actually , what has been proven recently , as I said earlier , that they are hand in glove with those terrorists , the United States and the West , they they not serious in fighting the terrorists , and yesterday some of their they were defending ISIS . They they saying that ISIS ISIS n’t have chemical weapons . They they defending ISIS ISIS the Syrian government and the Syrian Army . So , actually , you can not talk about partnership between us who work against the terrorists and who fight the terrorism and the others who are supporting explicitly the the terrorists Assad said the American missile strike was " the first proof that it ’s the American missile strike about the President of the United States   —    it ’s the American missile strike the regime and the Deep State , or the deep regime in the United the United States He said Assad Deep State " the Deep State same , it does n’t change . " the Deep State The president is only one of the performers on their theatre , if he wants to be a leader The president he can not , because as The president say he wanted to be a leader The president Trump wanted to be a leader , but every president there , if he wants to be a real The president , later he ’s going to eat his The president , swallow his pride The president he has pride The president all , The president make a 180 degree    otherwise he would pay the price politically The president " said Assad . Asked if he anticipated another U. S. attack The president Assad replied : As long as Assad United States is being governed by this    complex , the financial companies , banks , and what you call deep regime , and works for the vested interest of those groups , of course . It could happen anytime , anywhere , not only in Syria . Assad lamented that his military could Assad retaliate against Assad American ships that fired cruise missiles at Syria but expressed hope the Russians Syria do it for him . " For us , Assad a small country , yeah , of course it is , everybody knows that . It ’s out of reach . it mean , they can have missiles from another continent . We all know that . They are a great power , they ’re not a great power us Talking about the Russians , this is another issue , " he said . 
 