Reporters apologized for spreading a fake New York Times story bashing Rick Perry Thursday after new facts came to light that undermined the main focus of a fake New York Times story bashing Rick Perry . [ I ’m about to delete this tweet , which spread the rumor about Perry Rick Perry knowing what energy sec does . I think it the rumor about Perry false . https :   .    —    Jesse Singal ( @jessesingal ) January 19 , 2017 ,    " I ’m about to delete this tweet , which spread the the rumor about Perry knowing what energy sec does , " New York Magazine writer Jesse Singal wrote on Twitter , referring to an earlier tweet sharing the story . " I think it ’s false . " The New York Times reported that when Perry Rick Perry the nomination for Secretary of Energy , he Rick Perry initially misunderstood " the job and had no clue that the energy secretary is in charge of safeguarding the nuclear arsenal . The source for the Times story , former The New York Times transition official Michael McKenna , told the Daily Caller Wednesday that the Times misinterpreted him Rick Perry " of course " Perry understood that the Department of Energy role includes controlling the nation ’s nuclear arsenal . Journalists initially cheered the report , but started criticizing the Times story and sharing the Times that debunked the original story after it was discovered that the Times story report was false the report I officially retract my snarky Rick Perry tweet    Perry , " writer Andrew Heaton wrote on Twitter . " I stand by my snarky Dancing with the Stars tweets . " Asked why he was retracting in a reply to his tweet , he added : he It appears he NYT had a    opinion and then slopped some dubious reporting on top to confirm . " " I m retracting last 2 tweets , " Vanity Fair editor and Newsweek senior writer Kurt Eichenwald Tweeted . " Someone pointed out there are now questions if NYT allegations on Rick Perry are the NYT . " I m retracting last 2 tweets . Someone pointed last 2 tweets now questions if NYT allegations on Rick Perry are the NYT . NYT allegations on Rick Perry are true Eichenwald ( @kurteichenwald ) January 19 , 2017 ,   " Since I tweeted the NYTimes story , I ’ll tweet this repudiation from their source , " Huffington Post reporter Natalie Jackson Tweeted . " Deleting my initial tweet . " The Times still stands by its story , however , citing several    sources that were not mentioned in the The Times Erik Wemple of the Washington Post reported on Twitter . 
 