Judges are humiliated and dehumanized whenever Judges must enforce the nation ’s immigration laws , according to a senior judge on the    Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals . [ a senior judge on the   Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals ’s cry of outrage came when he a senior judge on the   Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals not block the orderly repatriation of an illegal immigrant who has two drunk driving convictions , plus a U. S. wife and three children .    " We are unable to prevent [ Andres ] Magana Ortiz ’s removal , yet it is contrary to the values of this nation and its Magana Ortiz’s system , " complained Judge Stephen Reinhardt , who wishes to extend citizens’ rights to illegal foreign migrants . He Magana Ortiz’s :   We are compelled to deny Mr. Magana Ortiz for a stay of removal because we do not have We authority to grant it . We are not , We , compelled to find the government ’s action in this case fair or just .    …       The government ’s decision the government’s Ortiz diminishes not Magana Ortiz country but our courts , which are supposedly dedicated to the pursuit of justice . Magana Ortiz and his family Magana Ortiz truth not Magana Ortiz only victims . Among the others are judges who , forced to participate in such inhumane acts , suffer a loss of dignity and humanity as well . I concur as a judge , but as a citizen I do not . The judge , who was appointed   —    not elected   —    in 1980 and is married to a former top leader in the ACLU , also lamented the authority of ordinary DHS agents to enforce the law despite protests from      " civil rights " lawyers : On January 25 , 2017 , the President [ Donald Trump ] signed a series of executive orders dismantling the system of priorities that had previously guided Immigration and Customs Enforcement and Border Patrol in determining whom to deport . The orders also gave far greater authority to executive orders dismantling the system of priorities that had previously guided Immigration and Customs Enforcement and Border Patrol in determining whom to deport and officers , who are now removing    simply because they are here illegally , regardless of whether they executive orders dismantling the system of priorities that had previously guided Immigration and Customs Enforcement and Border Patrol in determining whom to deport committed any offense . In light of executive orders dismantling the system of priorities that had previously guided Immigration and Customs Enforcement and Border Patrol in determining whom to deport breadth of these orders and the lack of any apparent limit executive orders dismantling the system of priorities that had previously guided Immigration and Customs Enforcement and Border Patrol in determining whom to deport discretion , the undocumented must now choose between going to work , school , hospitals , and even court , and the risk of being seized .   In contrast , the new Supreme Court Justice appointed by Trump , Neil Gorsuch , has a more humble vision of his job as a judicial referee , saying in a 2013 award ceremony that : As my daughters remind me , donning a [ judicial ] robe does n’t make me any smarter    …      It serves as a reminder of what ’s expected of us —   what [ Irish philosopher Edmund ] Burke called the " cold neutrality of an impartial judge . " It serves , too , as a reminder of the relatively modest station we ’re meant to occupy in a democratic society . In other places , judges wear scarlet and ermine . Here , we ’re told to buy our own plain black robes we —    and I we attest the standard choir outfit at the local uniform supply store is a good deal . Ours is a judiciary of honest black polyester . The judges on Reinhardt ’s Ninth Circuit are expected to release soon a decision blocking Trump ’s Executive Orders limiting the entry of people from six    Muslim countries . The decision is based on a Hawaiian case , in a decision blocking Trump’s Executive Orders limiting the entry of people from six   Muslim countries    Islamic cleric claimed his constitutional rights were infringed by Trump ’s efforts to reduce an   Islamic cleric jihad in the United States Trump’s court ’s decision may have been delayed by the    a decision blocking Trump’s Executive Orders limiting the entry of people from six   Muslim countries and London , at least one of which was conducted by the sons of Muslim refugees and migrants from Libya .   Reinhardt ’s intemperate language , said Andrew Arthur , a former immigration judge , suggests that the court ’s decisions are political biased . " There is no ‘ cold neutrality’ The court’s Circuit ’s ruling , " Arthur wrote about the court ’s preliminary ruling in the Hawaii case . " It is personal , visceral , The court’s " 
 