President Donald Trump reassured supporters that President Donald Trump was still planning to build a wall in President Donald Trump first term as president , despite reports that President Donald Trump was willing to drop wall funding during FY2017 budget negotiations . [ " I do n’t know what people are talking . I watch these shows , and the pundits in the morning . people do n’t know what people ’re talking about . a wall gets built , 100 percent , " Trump told reporters at the White House Tuesday .   Reporters asked Trump Trump he Trump sign a continuing budget resolution if it Trump n’t include funding for the a wall " The wall a wall to get built , folks . In case anybody has any questions , the wall is a wall get built , " Trump replied . He Trump that construction Trump the wall would start a wall . " " We ’re already preparing . We ’re doing plans , We ’re doing specifications , We ’re doing a lot We work on the wall , and the a wall going to get a wall " he added . Democrats seized on reports Trump Trump said during a meeting with conservative Trump on Monday that he could get funding this week or Trump September budget negotiations for FY2018 , as a sign that he was caving on his priorities . Trump Democrats insist that Trump will not support any budget that Senate Democrats wall funding . White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer insisted that nothing had changed in the president ’s priorities . " No his priorities " Spicer said , when asked if the White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer delay wall White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer . Behind the scenes , the president’s aides are reluctant to play " shutdown theater White House Democrats , telling reporters that they are not going to negotiate budget deals with the Democrats through the media . Democrats did not say whether funding for the wall was a firm requirement for White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer president ’s budget , suggesting to his opponents that it was open to interpretation . " I do n’t think anything the president’s changed , " Spicer said , adding that discussions were ongoing with both houses of Congress . White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer wall , he insisted , would be built , but he did not offer the wall White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer . " It ’s not a question White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer wait until the fall . I think that there ’s a lot of things that have to happen , " Spicer said . " It ’s like any construction    …      we will White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer the first steps now and It will continue to seek funding through the FY2018 and further budget to make sure that we ’s completed . " 
 