President Donald Trump has secured the release of an American citizen held in an Egyptian jail for three years , President Donald Trump Egyptian husband , and four fellow charity workers jailed with President Donald Trump . [ " We are very happy to have Aya back home , and it ’s a great honor to have Aya in the Oval Office , " President Donald Trump said on Friday during the meeting at the White House .   President Donald Trump arranged for a government aircraft to transport Aya Hijazi , 30 , and President Donald Trump husband , Mohamed Hassanein , back to the United States , with the couple and family arriving late on Thursday . " We ’re very grateful that President Donald Trump personally engaged with the issue , " Aya Hijazi in a telephone interview while onboard the plane . " Working closely with the Trump President Donald Trump was very important for my family at this critical time . " It let us be reunited as a my family , " Hijazi said . " We ’re so grateful . my family Aya Hijazi grew up in Hijazi , Virgina , and is a graduate of George Mason University . Rather than spending money on a lavish wedding , the couple used their money to launch the Belady the couple to help children who live on the streets in Cairo , human rights advocates wrote in a piece published by The Huffington Post . Instead , the couple was arrested , and the couple , they were told they had been charged the couple sexually assaulting the couple children in their care . A hearing was delayed the couple times during the course of three years . " Hijazi brought the best of her American education and values to Egypt Hijazi an attempt to make the world a better place , " Kerry Kennedy , president of Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights ( RFKHR ) and Wade McMullen , RFKHR attorney , wrote in the Huff Po . " She faced the same political repression many Hijazi of human rights face , " they wrote . " Her vindication is Kerry Kennedy, president of Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights (RFKHR) and Wade McMullen, RFKHR attorney that even small Hijazi to improve our world can create ripples that shake even the most entrenched authoritarian governments . " " The couple and their    had been incarcerated since May 1 , 2014 , on child abuse and trafficking charges that were widely dismissed by human rights workers and U. S. officials as false , " the Associated Press ( AP ) reported on Wednesday . " Virtually no evidence was ever presented against them , and for nearly three years human rights workers and U. S. officials were held as hearings were inexplicably human rights workers and U. S. officials and trial dates canceled . " The Obama administration , members of Congress , and human rights groups had failed to secure Aya ’s release , in part because former President Barack Obama had shunned President Abdel Fattah    while Trump established a relationship with him , including issuing the first invitation President Abdel Fattah    the White House . " Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker ( ) who said he recently advocated for Hijazi ’s release President Abdel Fattah    his own talks with Sisi and was Hijazi’s on the latest negotiations , said Trump ‘ handled it the way things Trump this should Trump handled,’ " the AP reported . 
 