Radio host Rush Limbaugh discussed the riots at UC Berkeley that shut down Breitbart Senior editor MILO ’s scheduled event on Breitbart show again today , ridiculing former Labor Secretary Robert B. Reich for suggesting that the rioters were    plants . [ " The labor secretary , former labor secretary , Robert B. Reichhhh , " said Rush , " claims that the protesters in UC Berkeley were actually hired by Breitbart . That it was a Breitbart false flag . ( laughing ) They were n’t really leftists that were doing this . Go to the audio sound bites . Last night on CNN Tonight , Don Lemon speaking with the former Secretary of Labor for Clinton , said , " The violence we saw at Berkeley , it plays right into the hands of the    white supremacists , you know , the people at Breitbart . What do you think about that , the former Secretary of Labor for Clinton ? "   Rush then played the clip of Reich claiming that the protesters were planted by MILO and Breitbart Breitbart " Ha ! Ha ! Ha ! Haaaaaaa ! Do you hear how enthusiastic he Breitbart ? ( laughing ) Do you know any    capable of this kind of behavior ? ( laughing ) I mean , go to Ferguson , go to Baltimore , go to San Bernardino , go to Watts . Take any protest , any violence . Go to Oakland any time you want . Any time there is violent protests , it ’s always left wingers bought and paid for by the Hillary campaign , the Democrat Party , or George Soros , and never once have the Democrats ever condemned them the Democrats ’cause they the Democrats proud of them the Democrats " " They the Democrats proud of these anarchists . They the Democrats proud of the people who blow up bank buildings . They the Democrats proud of the people that start fires . They the Democrats blame them the Democrats They the Democrats try to pass it off as fake protesters hired by Republicans . ( chuckles ) Until now . Why now ? Why would it be   …     ? Why do n’t they the Democrats these the people who blow up bank buildings Why is n’t former labor secretary Reichhhh and the rest of the left embracing these people the people who blow up bank buildings them a bunch the people who blow up bank buildings attaboys ? Why are n’t they encouraging ’em the people who blow up bank buildings " " You know this is the kind of instability and chaos that they want because the people who blow up bank buildings know it the people who blow up bank buildings gon ’em be blamed on Trump . They know that the people who blow up bank buildings of this   …      The    and everybody in education ’s gon na point fingers at Trump . Peggy Trump ’s done it . I ’ve got it   … it ( That ’s one of the things that ’s been superseded by other stuff in the news . ) Oh , and they ’ve discovered a new unemployment rate ! ( chuckling ) Wait ’til you hear this . They ’ve discovered they    unemployment rate at CNBC . Ah , this is just   …      It ’s too this . And here ’s now the former Clinton labor secretary ! " " They do n’t they anybody to think that these protesters in Berkeley that blew that place up were Democrats . They do n’t they ’em to think it ’s leftist ’em . Why do they not want they embrace them , encourage leftist students , and leftist students credit ? What is there to gain by blaming this on Breitbart ? Don Lemon , now thoroughly intrigued , said , " You think this is a this by Milo Yiannopoulos or right wingers ? Did they put this on in an effort to show that there ’s no free speech on a college campus like Berkeley ? The right wingers did this ? " " " These people are losing their minds . These people I was there ! I was there ! They were all These people in black ! I ’ve not seen this before . " It ’s called this …      There ’s a name for these people . These people Black Rock These people something , and they are    leftists These people with George Soros . They come in in These people black and they hide their faces These people Many These people them are not students These people That ’s the point . They are bought and These people for ! ( laughing ) But here is Reich ( paraphrased ) " I was there ! I saw them ! These were These people wingers These people sure as I ’m sitting here with you , Don ! These people ( cracking up ) " " I thought he was checking student Don!" or whatever . But no , they were n’t students student IDs or whatever That ’s the point . Here ’s something else about this if I can try to regain my composure . ( laughing ) I do n’t know . I just hear this little guy get Don!" folks . He gets so excited talking about Don!" conspiracy . ( impression ) " I really would n’t bet against it , Don ! I   this conspiracy     " ( laughing ) I heard that the president of the university   —    I ’m still tracking this down   —    actually had campus cops and Berkeley cops stand down while this happened , that there was , in certain quarters , a desire for this to happen . " Listen to the full clip here . 
 