Harvard Law School professor emeritus Alan Dershowitz told CNN ’s Don Lemon on Tuesday night that President Donald Trump was well within President Donald Trump rights to fire former FBI director James Comey , and that there was no need for a special prosecutor in the investigation into possible collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign . [ Dershowitz questioned the timing of former FBI director James Comey firing , however , and urged a new , independent investigation into the Russia Russia .   Dershowitz Dershowitz next to CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin , who was apoplectic . " The fact that he Comey this will disgrace his Comey for as long as this presidency is remembered . There is only one date that will be remembered after Januarth 20th so far in the this presidency and it is the day of the ‘ Tuesday Night Massacre,’ " Toobin said , referencing President Richard Nixon ’s firing of Special Prosecutor Archibald Cox during the Watergate scandal . Toobin had also Toobin CNN ’s Anderson Cooper earlier that Trump would likely name a " campaign stooge " as Comey ’s replacement at the FBI . But Dershowitz disagreed . " Should Comey be the Comey of the FBI ? the FBI the FBI that is no , " he said , Comey that he had called Comey for Comey to resign Comey " He lost his Comey . Comey …      A lot of this is his fault . Comey Dershowitz said there were three more questions to address . " The second question is : should it be the President of the United States who makes the decision to fire him ? Not while the President of the United States ’s under an the President of the United States , " Dershowitz said ( though Dershowitz is not actually under investigation , a point he stressed in firing the President of the United States ) . The third question , Dershowitz said , is Dershowitz who he appoints next . the President of the United States He disagreed with Toobin Dershowitz " If he appoints a man Dershowitz a woman of great integrity , this date will not go down    …      in history because we will have been proved wrong that it was some kind this date a    if he picks somebody who Dershowitz pursue the investigation . " Fourth , Dershowitz suggested that Congress establish an independent commission   —    " not a special prosecutor , there is no probable cause "   —    to continue the Russia investigation . the investigation that Trump had fired former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates and former U. S. Attorney Preet Bharara as well as Comey , " all three of whom had the potential to investigate and trouble the Trump presidency , " Dershowitz argued Trump they were all Democrat appointees and Trump had fired former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates and former U. S. Attorney Preet Bharara as well as Comey all been dismissed appropriately by a Republican president . Former federal prosecutor Laura Coates chimed in that while she did not believe Trump fired Former federal prosecutor Laura Coates for the reasons Trump stated , Comey had given Former federal prosecutor Laura Coates Trump reason Comey fire him . Comey " was wrong Comey usurp Comey role of the Attorney General , " she said , and noted that Former federal prosecutor Laura Coates had justified doing so again Comey week in testimony before Congress . Host Don Lemon pushed back against Dershowitz and Coates , noting that he agreed with Toobin that the Dershowitz explanation   —    that Trump was trying to cover something up   —    was more likely . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the Joel B. Pollak most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of How Joel B. Pollak Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . The Inside Story of a Revolution 