( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . President Trump pledged to work closely with Japan on security and economic issues during a meeting with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at the White House . President Trump reaffirmed his President Trump for a defense treaty with Japan Japan he President Trump questioned during the campaign . The two plan to play golf together in Florida on Saturday . Their closeness is in stark contrast to the President Trump with his Chinese counterpart President Trump Xi Jinping , who had been angered by Mr. Trump ’s promise to review the status of Taiwan . Mr. Trump backed Mr. Trump’s that position in a phone call with Mr. Xi on Thursday night , handing China a diplomatic victory . " Trump lost his first Mr. Trump’s with Mr. Trump’s , " one Mr. Xi said . _ _ _ _ _   2 . Among the issues Mr. Abe and Mr. Trump might discuss Mr. Trump’s golf course : immigration . Japan has achieved what Mr. Trump promised to : Mr. Trump’s very little illegal immigration Japan is officially closed to people seeking    work . But its tough stance on immigration   Japan    both legal and illegal   —    is contributing to a severe labor shortage that ’s hurting economic growth in the country . Some businesses get Japan rules by hiring workers from China and elsewhere as " trainees . " Critics say the system is rife with exploitation and even abuse . Above , the office of a labor union that houses workers who quit or are laid off . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Shortly after Thursday ’s appeals court decision blocking his travel ban , Mr. Trump vowed to fight on . " SEE YOU IN COURT , " he wrote on Twitter . Many legal Mr. Trump say Mr. Trump ’s chances of success at Mr. Trump Court , which for a year now has had just eight members , are slim . A     tie would leave the appeals court ruling in place . The White House is insisting that Judge Neil Gorsuch , the nominee for the Supreme Court , was not referring to Mr. Trump when he said privately that he Mr. Trump by attacks Mr. Trump the courts . Mr. Trump _ _ _ _ 4 . Those trying to divine the roots of the presidential adviser Stephen Bannon ’s worldview have combed over a speech that he made in 2014 to a Vatican conference . the presidential adviser Stephen Bannon noticed , until now , was a reference to Julius Evola , a deeply taboo Mr. Evola , a set of beliefs embraced by today ’s    that argues progress and equality are poisonous illusions . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Months after the recapture of Falluja showed that Iraq could regain one of the Islamic State ’s strongholds , the victory now seems at risk . There is no sign yet that the    national government can secure and rebuild the Sunni city , and Iraqi and American security officials fear that neglected residents may once again embrace the Islamic State . The scene is more encouraging in parts of Mosul that have been retaken by Iraqi forces , our reporter observed this week . the Islamic State’s _ _ 6 . A French farmer who became something of a folk hero for helping migrants was given a fine , but no jail time . Cédric Herrou ’s case made headlines around the world . He ’ll be off the hook if he " stays out of trouble " for five years , but he vowed to continue offering migrants shelter . " There Cédric Herrou a deficiency of the state in Cédric Herrou and in Italy , so I take action , " he Cédric Herrou . _ _ _ _ _   7 . Two celestial events will take place on Friday night : a lunar eclipse and the passing of a Cédric Herrou . The moon will appear slightly darker than usual at about 7:45 p. m. Eastern Standard Time . The comet will be tough to see without binoculars or a telescope . It should appear as a green dot because of its chemical components . If you want a comet , the best time would be around 3 a. m. Eastern Time a comet _ _ _ _ _ 8 . We a comet rounded up some of the best new children ’s books on    history . Here are five illustrated biographies of iconic figures , including " Frederick Douglass : The Lion Who Wrote History . " The book conveys the centrality of reading and " careful decisions " to Douglass ’s struggle for freedom and his later public work , offering an anchor for children trying to comprehend the cruelties of American slavery . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . The Grammys are Sunday Douglass and the big matchup is Adele versus Beyoncé . The two megaselling queens of pop will face off in each of the top three categories   —    album , record and song of the year . A sweep by Adele could feed into    complaints that the awards too often fail to recognize black performers in the most prestigious categories . Above , setting up for the event . Adele versus Beyoncé _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , this weekend is also when many people will celebrate Valentine ’s Day . If you express your affection in food , we have recipes at the ready , including mocha chocolate chip cake , above , and less romantic but still delicious dishes like goulash . _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here Your Evening Briefing ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 