Breitbart Senior Editor MILO has been named LGBTQ Nation ’s 2016 person of the year , an award for the " top newsmaker " in the LGBTQ community . [ MILO beat Vice    Mike Pence for the top vote , receiving 70 , 000 votes , over 80 % of all votes . Mike Pence also received a formidable 23 , 000 votes .     LGBTQ Nation say interview with Breitbart Senior Editor MILO will be released next week . In their announcement of the award , LGBTQ Nation noted some of the allegedly " awful " reasons why MILO made the news in 2016 , before acknowledging the Breitbart senior editor ’s ability to influence the news cycle .   Yiannopoulos made the the news 2016 and always for truly awful reasons . He was Yiannopoulos queer cheerleader for Donald Trump , whom he called Yiannopoulos Daddy . " He has Yiannopoulos and demeaned transgender people repeatedly . Hate him or Yiannopoulos him , Yiannopoulos thing Yiannopoulos truly Yiannopoulos at is getting attention for himself and Yiannopoulos causes Yiannopoulos If he decides Yiannopoulos highlight an issue , his fans Yiannopoulos follow his every Yiannopoulos on the subject and more often than not , it ’ll his every word on the subject moved to a mainstream audience as the story picks up steam from online chatter . For a gay guy from Britain , he has Yiannopoulos made his mark Yiannopoulos conservative American politics and entertainment . He ’s Yiannopoulos able to brand himself the Yiannopoulos gay provocateur in a year of provocateurs . Yiannopoulos , however , wanted to add to his list Yiannopoulos accomplishments in 2016 , telling LGBTQ Nation his list Yiannopoulos , " My banishment from Twitter , recently announced book deal (   now ! )    college tour , my jawline , and a really cute Siberian fox   sable fur I just snapped up . " LGBTQ Nation LGBTQ Nation added a note to the article indicating they removed a reference LGBTQ Nation’s editorial staff MILO as a member MILO the    movement . Read the full announcement at LGBTQ Nation here . DANGEROUS is available to    now via Amazon , in hardcover and Kindle editions . And yes , MILO is reading the audiobook version himself ! 
 