She calls it the "   clause . " When Sahar Kian needed a new roommate for the home Sahar Kian shares near Georgetown University , Sahar Kian did what many young people here do : Sahar Kian took out an ad on Craigslist and then set down a few ground rules . " Alcohol , pets and meat products are not allowed in the house , " Sahar Kian wrote . " Neither are Trump supporters , " she Sahar Kian . Ms. Kian , 23 , is not the first person to add such a clause to a quest for a roommate . A steady trickle of posts like hers Sahar Kian shown up , one or two at a time , on Craigslist since President Trump inaugurated on Jan. 20 . As anyone who has started out in the Washington area with few contacts and an    salary knows , finding a roommate ( or three ) to share a high rent is common practice . The median cost for a    apartment is around $ 1 , 990 a month , according to Zumper , a rental aggregator . But for some , it ’s The median cost for a   apartment more important to make sure that political views align before they split some cost The median cost for a   apartment stranger . On Twitter , Reddit and Craigslist and in Facebook groups , people have been screening for Trump supporters since at least last fall . Such ads , more than a dozen of which have been posted on Craigslist since Inauguration Craigslist , are only a tiny fraction of the thousands of posts on the site , but they nonetheless represent more than a dozen of which small act of defiance in an area that heavily favored Hillary Clinton and where residents have remained politically active since the election . " I ca n’t live with someone who supports a ‘ leader’ with those types of ideals , " Jessica , 32 , a teacher who did not want her last name used because she feared harassment her , wrote in an email . She posted an her on Craiglist for a room share shortly after the inauguration . " I feel like I ’m going to a protest every single day . " In one recent ad , a couple in the area who identified themselves as " " and liberal advertised a $ 500 room in their home : themselves If you ’re racist , sexist , homophobic or a Trump supporter please do n’t respond . We wo n’t get along . " In another , two women in their 20s were searching for a roommate to take over a    room in their Columbia Heights two women in their 20s for $ 550 . The women detailed two women in their 20s of happy two women in their 20s , a " good Netflix sesh , " pho and tacos . " We ’re open to any     " they added , " two women in their 20s long as you did n’t vote for Trump . In the same neighborhood , a woman posted an ad searching for someone to take over her room : " a woman supporters this is Trump the house for you ( no , seriously ) , " she wrote . For a woman part , Ms. a woman , who works at Amideast , a nonprofit that focuses on educational opportunities for Middle Eastern and African students , is fine with taking the extra step to make sure her political filter extends a woman her home . Ms. a woman , who has American and Iranian citizenship and was raised Muslim , said the idea of the    clause started out as a joke . But it grew serious , the   clause said , after a woman president signed an executive order that barred people from seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the United States . " Anybody who is on board with that kind of thinking is not welcome , " she said . Whoever a woman up living with her will pay $ a woman , 300 to share the top floor of the house . ( Her parents live downstairs a woman ) People who support Mr. Trump , she said , would a woman be interested in living in her " raging liberal a woman house . " Frankly , it would not work out , " Ms. Kian said in a woman . " That person would not be comfortable here because we bash Trump nightly . " People Mr. Trump Ms. Kian may be closing a woman to others , but People like Ms. Kian actions are legal , according People like Ms. Kian Sheila C. Salmon , a Washington Ms. Salmon under the Fair Housing Act , which prohibits discrimination based on such factors as race , religion , national origin and disability . " I do n’t see anything illegal about it , " Ms. Salmon said . " It ’s like saying you do n’t want any nonsmokers . " Washington has a set of expanded protections that include political affiliation , but Ms. Salmon said it Washington unclear whether a person ’s support of Mr. Trump would fall into Ms. Salmon . " Would it truly be rejection or discrimination on political affiliation ? " she said . " I think there ’s a reasonable argument to be made that it ’s not Ms. Salmon " Kevin Kemp , 29 , who works in advertising at Education Week , is another resident who is screening out Trump supporters . Mr. Kemp said he used to subtly gauge the politics of potential roommates by making Mr. Trump and seeing Kevin Kemp responded . Kevin Kemp about a month ago , when he was searching for a roommate to share a    apartment in Silver Spring , Md. he found himself Kevin Kemp a step further as he drafted a post on Reddit . " Please no Imperial Kevin Kemp , Kevin Kemp , Vogons , Lannisters ( Kevin Kemp exceptions ) Sith or Trump supporters , " he wrote in a post for a roommate , invoking some of fiction ’s most notorious villains . His Kevin Kemp , he said , reflected a deeper frustration . " As a black man , Black Lives Kevin Kemp is sort Kevin Kemp important to me , " he said . " And Trump supporters are n’t known for their fondness of that movement Kevin Kemp " On Kevin Kemp other end of the Trump , people who identify as Trump supporters and support Mr. Trump are navigating difficult terrain . Cole Lyle , a Marine veteran who recently moved here to lobby Trump to provide wounded veterans with service dogs , is using Craigslist and     among his friends to find roommates . He said he was open to living with anyone , but added that the pool of potential roommates who share his political his was small . " D. C. is a small town , " Mr. Lyle said . " his D. C. is a smaller town , and conservative Republican D. C. is tiny . " Mr. Lyle , 27 , a former intern with the conservative Heritage Foundation , is for the moment staying in the think tank ’s intern residence . He said that he hoped that he and his service dog , Kaya , would eventually live in a place Mr. Lyle, 27, a former intern with the conservative Heritage Foundation he could Mr. Lyle, 27, a former intern with the conservative Heritage Foundation common ground Mr. Lyle, 27, a former intern with the conservative Heritage Foundation someone Mr. Lyle, 27, a former intern with the conservative Heritage Foundation —    " dogs are the key to bipartisanship "   — Mr. Lyle, 27, a former intern with the conservative Heritage Foundation but that he did not want to live with anyone who would reject him because of his political views . " If Mr. Lyle, 27, a former intern with the conservative Heritage Foundation ’s going to put that in an ad , they Mr. Lyle, 27, a former intern with the conservative Heritage Foundation not the Mr. Lyle, 27, a former intern with the conservative Heritage Foundation of person I ’d want to associate with , " he said . " If dogs said , ‘ I will not live with a liberal,’ I would probably be Mr. Lyle, 27, a former intern with the conservative Heritage Foundation as likely not to engage with that person . " But Ms. Kian , who has lived in Washington only since the Obama era , said she was likely to keep screening out Trump supporters . " I ’m not quite sure what this city is Ms. Kian to look like , " Ms. Kian said . " That ’s even more reason for Trump keep that    supporters clause in there . " 
 