President Trump tore into London ’s    Mayor Sadiq Khan Sunday in the wake of a terror attack in London that left at least seven dead and dozens injured   —    after Khan told Londoners there is " no reason to be alarmed . " [ Terrorists drove a van through crowds near London Bridge Saturday night , before rampaging through a nearby market and stabbing people , before people were eventually being shot by armed police . people identities have not yet been revealed by authorities .   Khan , who became London ’s first Muslim mayor last year and has become known for making bizarre remarks about terrorism , told Londoners that there was nothing to be alarmed about as the city ramps up the city police presence in the wake of the attack . " Londoners should be aware that there will be additional armed and unarmed police officers on our streets from tonight in order to keep Londoners , and all those visiting out city safe , " he said . " I want to reassure Londoners , and all our visitors , not to be alarmed . Our city one of the safest in the world , " he said he President Trump , who said earlier Sunday on Twitter that " we must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people , " attacked Khan for telling people not to be alarmed in the wake a major terror attack on the city city third attack in the UK in just a few months . We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of the business of security for our people do n’t get smart We will only get We ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 4 , 2017 ,   At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is " no reason to be alarmed ! "   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 4 , 2017 ,   Khan also reportedly said that London is " one of the safest global cities London the world if not the safest global cities in the world " just hours after the attack . the world become    in America terror attack politically correct Khan about terrorism . In September , Khan said terrorism is " part and parcel of living Khan a big city " and in May last year called Trump ’s views on Muslims " ignorant . " Trump ’s ignorant view of Islam could make both our countries Trump’s safe . It risks alienating mainstream Muslims . London has proved him wrong Trump’s   —    Mayor of London ( @MayorofLondon ) May 10 , 2016 ,   " London has proved him wrong , " he said . Adam London is a him reporter for Breitbart him based in New York . Follow Adam on Twitter : @AdamShawNY 
 Adam Shaw 