A Washington state middle school teacher received a lot of heat for A Washington state middle school teacher decision to pull aside a student wearing a " Build the Wall "   . [ The Chinook Middle School language arts teacher , after pulling a student wearing a "Build the Wall"   aside , compared the shirt ’s message to wearing a swastika , the    Herald reported .   " A Washington state middle school teacher asked , ‘ How would you feel if someone wore a    with a swastika on it?’ " the a student wearing a "Build the Wall"   mother , Michelle Fischer , told the    the   Herald He said a student wearing a "Build the Wall"   ‘ You ca n’t compare my shirt to wearing a swastika . They are n’t the same thing.’ " Fischer said the teacher Michelle Fischer her son Jack to Jack class during lunch the teacher talk about the shirt and told him that it was the teacher appropriate to wear the shirt with a political message . Jack responded to the teacher that he the teacher math teacher wearing a Jack with Barack Obama on it . Fischer posted her outrage over the teacher the teacher handling of the teacher Facebook and it went viral , especially after conservative talk show the teacher’s handling of the situation on Facebook Sean Hannity shared it to his 2 . 8 million followers . the teacher’s handling of the situation on Facebook is Fischer that her son ’s experience makes Fischer easier the teacher other children to speak up about political bullying . " It does happen , " said Michelle Fischer . " I think ( politics ) Fischer taught in our schools , but only in a    positive way . " Jack told her that the teacher had appeared opposed to Donald Trump Fischer the beginning of the school year because of how she handled class discussions of the presidential election and the Fischer . Fischer spoke with Chinook ’s principal , Kevin Pierce , Fischer said there was nothing wrong with the shirt . School district officials said appropriate action was taken against the teacher , but could not release details on personnel the teacher The district said students are allowed to express their opinions so long as it does n’t disrupt the education students others . " I The district most parents would agree with me , " Fischer said . " If this was the other way around , I guarantee there would be some parents that were pretty upset . " Students at other high schools around the country have also been harassed by school officials for wearing clothing in support of Trump . A student at a high school in South Portland , Oregon was harassed by school officials because he wore a hat with Trump ’s campaign slogan , " A student at a high school in South Portland, Oregon America Great Again " in April 2016 . 
 