I have no doubt that President Barack Obama was    when , rather than enforcing President Barack Obama " red line " in August of 2013 after Syrian dictator Bashar    gassed to death more than 1000 innocent Arabs , President Barack Obama chose not to attack Assad but to forge an ultimately fraudulent deal to remove Assad ’s chemical weapons instead . [ But intentions do n’t count when it comes to mass murder . You either take action or you do n’t . And President Obama chose not to . President Obama ’s inaction will forever stain his legacy .   I have noted elsewhere that April 7 , the day in Syria when Trump launched Trump retaliatory attack , was the commemoration of the Rwandan genocide . More than 800 , 000 people were hacked to death in three months in 1994 . The world watched in silence as the Tutsis were dismembered . President Bill Clinton did not lift a finger to help the Tutsis were dismembered , and in 1998 President Bill Clinton traveled to Rwanda to apologize . President Bill Clinton words , as usual , were eloquent . But surely the people of Rwanda would have preferred mistaken comments by President Bill Clinton press secretary matched by action to stop the slaughter , rather than an eloquent apology that was too little , too late . Trump and his Clinton’s press secretary matched by action to stop the slaughter may not have found all the right words in defending their Trump and his people on Assad . Press Secretary Sean Spicer certainly did not . But when it comes to combatting genocide , words are trivial and action is everything . I am grateful to Sean Press Secretary Sean Spicer the members of the Trump team for taking action to give value to innocent Arab life . For the past two days , I was in a news blackout due to the Passover holiday . The festival ended , and I saw that my inbox was filled with media asking me to comment on Spicer ’s Press Secretary Sean Spicer about Hitler , poison gas , and the Holocaust . As a rabbi , I can not broadcast on any Jewish holy day . But I felt Spicer deserved Press Secretary Sean Spicer after his apology Press Secretary Sean Spicer so here goes . Hitler was Hitler most evil man that ever lived . He gassed Hitler shot , and burned six million Jews and started wars that led so the deaths of approximately 100 million people . He was Hitler monster the likes of which the world has never seen . No one should be compared to Hitler . Hitler it is No one true that Hitler is Hitler godfather of all modern genocide , and all those who attempt the extermination of an ethnic group are Hitler ’s Hitler stepchildren . True , genocide did not start with Hitler , Hitler with the Ottoman Turks and their mass the Ottoman Turks of the Armenians during World War I   —    a genocide that the amoral world still barely recognizes . But Hitler has Hitler mass murder ’s symbol , and was responsible for the most    and    genocide of all time . Spicer is right to point out Assad ’s relationship with Hitler , Hitler the Syrian butcher is attempting a genocide of Sunni Muslims in Syria carried out by Alawite militias , Shia Iran , and Hezbollah ( which is also Shia ) . All of that has been aided and abetted by Russia and its president Russia Vladimir Putin . Spicer is also correct to point out that the use of nerve agents against one ’s own people is a unique form of evil from which Assad can now never escape . Assad should Assad removed because no man who gasses his people Assad ever be allowed to stay in power . Where Spicer was Spicer wrong was when he said Spicer Hitler had not used chemical gas against his own Hitler , given that Hitler murdered Hitler in the region of 200 , 000 German Jews during the Holocaust   —    not to mention the millions of others who were gassed at Birkenau , Belzec , Treblinka ,    and so many other camps . I understand what Spicer was trying to say   —    namely , that there were areas where Assad was even worse than Hitler , insofar as the Damascus butcher used chemical gas on the battlefield , something , interestingly , which Kaiser Wilhelm II of Germany used in World War I but the Wehrmacht seemed not to have used in battlefield conditions in the Second World War . Yet Spicer was Spicer because all of Europe was a battlefield during that war the Second World War the gas chambers where 1 . 5 million Jewish children met their end was where 1. 5 million Jewish children ’s most horrible use ever of chemical agents in war . But Spicer apologized Spicer —    and , it seems , he did Spicer sincerely , much regretting his mistake Spicer He deserves Spicer be forgiven and we should move on . Those who wrote blogs calling Spicer an Spicer are guilty of character assassination and debasing the term . The Jews have real enemies in the world . Sean Spicer Spicer his pulpit at Spicer White House repeatedly to defend the Jewish State and condemn genocidal Iran . He should be Spicer a friend of the Jewish people . What is far more important to me , as Spicer member of a people who experienced genocide , is that the Trump administration decided to reverse course from previous American inaction at the gassing of Syrian children , and strike hard at the Assad regime , showing them that Never Again Syrian children mean just that , Never Again . For nearly four years we watched as America became a toothless tiger in relation to Syria , forever huffing and puffing but never striking at Assad for the use Assad nerve agents against kids . Surely even the biggest Trump haters must applaud the president for his Assad at striking Assad at the beast . The crime of the Holocaust is unique in world history . It brooks no comparisons . The crime of the Holocaust genocides of any stripe are humanity ’s highest abomination , and poison gas is poison gas . America had a moral responsibility to hit the Assad regime for dropping sarin gas on children . And nothing that can be said about that action will ever be as important as the action itself . To see Syrian jets smoldering in ruins at the hands of the American military is to take just pride in being citizens of the most righteous nation on earth . Many of the memoirs of Auschwitz survivors relate how the prisoners prayed daily that they might see American bombers the prisoners the SS for operating the gas chambers at Birkenau . They prayed even though they they might see American bombers punishing the SS for operating the gas chambers at Birkenau that such bombing they might see American bombers punishing the SS for operating the gas chambers at Birkenau would cost them their own lives . they might see American bombers punishing the SS for operating the gas chambers at Birkenau they might see American bombers punishing the SS for operating the gas chambers at Birkenau bombers never came , American bombers punishing the SS for operating the gas chambers at Birkenau staining the legacies of even truly great men like Franklin Roosevelt and Winston Churchill , who ultimately defeated Hitler . It ’s time to applaud and thank President Trump and his administration , Spicer included , Hitler taking decisive action in Syria to save Arab life . Because only action , and not words , are that which will ensure that Never Again means Never Again . Rabbi Shmuley Boteach , " America ’s Rabbi , " whom the Washington Post calls " the most famous Rabbi in America , " is the international America author of 30 books , including his most recent The Israel Warrior Rabbi Follow him on Twitter @RabbiShmuley . 
 Rabbi 