PEWAUKEE , Wis.   —    Michelle Roelandts had a question for Michelle Roelandts congressman : If the Affordable Care Act and the Affordable Care Act premium subsidies were repealed , what would happen when Michelle Roelandts daughter turns 26 this year and needs to get her daughter own health insurance while attending law school ? Mr. Sensenbrenner , had little to offer in response . " If I could give you an answer today , I would , but I ca n’t , " Mr. Sensenbrenner said at a     meeting on Saturday , where about 70 people packed a room at the Pewaukee Public Library . Ms. Roelandts ’s question and others like it are being asked with increasing anger and urgency across the country , and Republicans Ms. Roelandts found themselves on the defensive   —    for all their fury aimed at repealing the Republicans , so far they have not agreed on Republicans alternative . Soon after , a man yelled to Republicans Sensenbrenner : " How many times did you vote to repeal without knowing what the replacement would be ? How many times ? Dozens ! " The congressman , who prides himself on his prolific schedule of     meetings , banged his gavel and insisted that his rules himself civility be obeyed . While Mr. Sensenbrenner himself not face the kind himself anger that some of his peers did Mr. Sensenbrenner days , he must answer the same question : Is this Mr. Sensenbrenner a sign of a sustainable organic Mr. Sensenbrenner , or one that will soon flame out ? And like his colleagues , he is also coming to grips with how much he will be saddled Mr. Sensenbrenner the combative Mr. Sensenbrenner made by President Trump . Mr. Sensenbrenner , Mr. Sensenbrenner an interview , attributed the turnout at his gatherings to " organized opposition by people who were on the losing side of the Mr. Sensenbrenner . " Facing restive audiences in public meetings is not new , but in the age of social media , an ugly scene in one congressional district can quickly attract widespread attention . " I ’d be lying to you if I told you it was fun , " he said . In California , Representative Tom McClintock was escorted by police officers after a Mr. Sensenbrenner meeting earlier this month in Utah , the crowd chanted " Do your job ! " at Representative Jason Chaffetz , the chairman of the Oversight Committee . At a meeting last week , House Republicans were advised on security precautions so they would be prepared for protesters at     meetings or their district offices . The questions House Republicans voters on display this weekend at a series of House Republicans meetings in Wisconsin ’s Fifth Congressional District , many of which were focused on the future of the health care law , underscored the quandary many lawmakers are facing even in solidly Republican districts . The imminent problem : Constituents want answers , and without any consensus on how to go about replacing the law , Republicans have little to say . " It ’s kind of like , you know , getting a    jigsaw puzzle for Christmas , " Mr. Sensenbrenner said , " and , you know , cleaning off the dining room table and seeing how long it takes to put all the 30 , 000 pieces together in the right place . It ’s not going to be easy . " Mr. Sensenbrenner won    last year by it percentage points . His    district , which Mr. Sensenbrenner around Milwaukee , voted decisively for Mr. Trump over Hillary Mr. Sensenbrenner . At three     meetings over the weekend , Mr. Sensenbrenner sat at the front of the room to take questions from people who submitted slips Mr. Sensenbrenner listing their name and address . When he called on people , he read their names and where they people who submitted slips of paper   —    a practice Mr. Sensenbrenner makes people " less Mr. Sensenbrenner to people fools of themselves people " he said in the interview . At the meetings , he faced crowds that were people but generally Mr. Sensenbrenner , and he fielded questions on a range of Mr. Sensenbrenner . At moments when the gatherings grew a bit unruly Mr. Sensenbrenner he did not hesitate to bang his gavel . Like a frustrated    teacher , he offered some Mr. Sensenbrenner advice about comportment . " Mr. Sensenbrenner is not a session on who can cheer Mr. Sensenbrenner boo the loudest , " he said as he began the Pewaukee meeting on Saturday , urging people to " be respectful of Mr. Sensenbrenner that you Mr. Sensenbrenner not share . " The tough questioning of Republican lawmakers has been driven partly by concerns over health care , but also by outrage over Mr. Trump ’s presidency . That was true in Wisconsin , too . Mr. Sensenbrenner , who has long worked on immigration issues in Congress , said the executive order on immigration was " completely messed up " and a " train wreck . " And he suggested he would be of little assistance in reining in Mr. Trump . " Do you think Mr. Trump’s ’m Mr. Trump’s to control anybody Mr. Sensenbrenner down ? " he asked . Repeatedly , the questions Mr. Sensenbrenner faced over the weekend showed the challenge that lawmakers have Mr. Trump’s explaining the effects of repealing the Affordable Care Act , especially now , when Republicans have yet to coalesce around a replacement plan . Pressed by one questioner to oppose a replacement for the health care law if that replacement would raise costs for sick people , he explained that " there are winners and losers " when bills are passed . A a replacement for the health care law him Mr. Trump’s learned she had skin cancer in 2005 , and she asked about coverage for people with    Mr. Trump’s . Another woman told him that her A woman mother A woman in a nursing home , and she A woman whether changing Medicaid to give Mr. Trump’s state a fixed amount of money , called Another woman block grant , could cause her mother to be Another woman put out on the street . " Leigh Levas , 35 , a medical technologist , told him that her     her    mother juvenile rheumatoid arthritis . " I ’ve been sending him postcards Ms. Levas needs to see Another woman people that it affects , Mr. Trump’s Ms. Levas said after the Pewaukee meeting . Mr. Trump’s Another woman offered a reassurance that some popular aspects of the health care law would remain : insurers would Mr. Trump’s able to deny coverage because of    conditions , young adults could stay on their parents’ health plan until they are 26 , and lifetime limits on coverage would not be allowed . And he acknowledged the stakes of the repeal effort . " From a political standpoint , young adults Republicans know that we young adults own whatever the replacement will be , just as Obama and the Democrats own the A. C. A. , " he told Ms. Roelandts , who asked about health coverage for her daughter we Republicans " We got to get it Mr. Trump’s , and we got to get it right the first time . " Ms. Roelandts , an accountant , said later that she was not happy with his answer we Republicans " I kind of interpret it as we Republicans do n’t really it what they ’re going to do Ms. Roelandts, who asked about health coverage for her daughter , adding that she was alarmed by the her daughter to a    jigsaw Ms. Roelandts, who asked about health coverage for her daughter . " Do n’t talk about repealing it until you have valid ideas on the they for replacing it , " she said her daughter " I mean , her daughter ’s causing me to literally lose Mr. Sensenbrenner " Still , Mr. Sensenbrenner was blunt and unapologetic about the Republican push for dismantling President Barack Obama ’s signature domestic her daughter . " I won by 146 , 000 votes it " he said in the interview . " I represent the majority . Now , they ’re a vocal minority . " 
 Mr. Sensenbrenner the majority 