( AFP ) WASHINGTON , United States   —    President Donald Trump told the CIA the CIA had President Donald Trump full support on Saturday as President Donald Trump paid a visit to mend fences after publicly rejecting the CIA assessment that Russia tried to help President Donald Trump win the US election . [ " I am with you 1 , 000 percent , " Trump said in a short address to CIA staff after Trump visit to the agency headquarters in Virginia .   In Trump first full day in office , Trump moved swiftly to confront simmering tensions left by US intelligence findings that Russia interfered in the US election to try to tip the outcome in Trump ’s favor . " I love you , I respect you , " Trump told members of the US intelligence community . " We ’re all on the same wavelength , right ? " Trump asked , referring in particular to the fight against the Islamic State group . " We have not used the real abilities that We have . We ’ve been restrained . We have to get rid of ISIS . " Mike Pompeo , Trump ’s pick to lead the CIA , has not yet been confirmed by the US Senate . A     Republican lawmaker , Pompeo is considered a foreign policy hawk and was an ardent opponent of former president Barack Obama ’s administration . Outgoing CIA director John Brennan had stern words for Trump last Sunday , saying Outgoing CIA director John Brennan needed to be more " disciplined " in Outgoing CIA director John Brennan public comments . " I do n’t think Outgoing CIA director John Brennan has a full appreciation of Russian capabilities , Russia ’s intentions and actions , " Outgoing CIA director John Brennan said of Trump on Fox News last Sunday . Trump , likening US intelligence to Nazis , suggested Outgoing CIA director John Brennan may have leaked an unsubstantiated report that the Russians had gathered damaging salacious personal information about him Outgoing CIA director John Brennan The intelligence agencies had given both Trump Trump on Fox News Obama a summary of the dossier , which later was published in full by BuzzFeed . Brennan Outgoing CIA director John Brennan the US intelligence chiefs considered it their the US intelligence chiefs to make Trump Trump on Fox News that it it in circulation . 
 