   Donald Trump ’s plan to build a border wall along with U. S.   Border will be challenged through environmental lawsuits , according to California ’s    official . [ California Lt . Gov. Gavin Newsom said in an interview with ‘ The Golden State Podcast’ that California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom would use specific environmental laws in California to stop the border wall from being built , at least in southern California .   " There ’s something called CEQA in California California   NEPA at the federal level , " Newsom told the podcast host . " There ’s indigenous lands and autonomies relating to governance on those lands . There are all kinds of obstructions as it relates to just getting zoning approval and getting building permits . All those things could be made very , very challenging for the administration . " Newsom Newsom that if he Newsom not actually stop the construction of the border wall in California , he Newsom at least try to tie it up in bureaucratic battles . Trump ’s border wall is reportedly in the works , as he Newsom at a press conference at Trump Tower today that he Newsom not be waiting on payment from Mexico and begin construction immediately . " I could wait about a year and a half until we finish our we with Mexico Mexico which will start immediately after we we into office , " Trump said as Breitbart News reported earlier . " But I do n’t want to wait . Mike Pence is leading an effort to get final approvals through various agencies and through Congress for the wall to begin . " " I do n’t feel like waiting a year or year and a half . We ’re going to start building , " Trump Trump . " Mexico , in some form , and there are many different forms , will reimburse us . And they will reimburse us us the cost of the the wall " Trump Trump . " That will happen , whether it Trump a tax or whether it Trump a payment . Probably less likely that it Trump it’s a payment it Trump happen . " John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder John Binder 
 