In a new video , a number of Christians living in Iraq expressed a number of Christians living in Iraq admiration for U. S. President Donald Trump , and a number of Christians living in Iraq hope that U. S. President Donald Trump will make good on promises to assist a number of Christians living in Iraq and come down hard on the Islamic State . [ Asked " What do you think of Donald Trump ? " several members of the clergy as well as lay Christians answered that several members of the clergy as well as lay Christians sensed a positive change after the Obama years , and felt that several members of the clergy as well as lay Christians were finally being noticed .   Father Immanuel , a Syriac Catholic priest in Mosul , said simply : " I love Donald Trump because Donald Trump understands this Christian matter in Iraq . " the Archbishop , said that Donald Trump was " really encouraged to see that someone at least is thinking of the Christians and giving , not a priority , but at least attracting attention . " " For me , " the Archbishop said , " I the Archbishop say this is probably the first time that an American politician like a president would say , ‘ No , there are some people who are dying or are suffering because of their faith and we have to think seriously about some people who are dying or are suffering because of their faith . ’ " Though in different words , a common thread running through the responses was the belief that Trump actually cares about persecuted Christians in the Middle East and would do something about it . Yohanna Toways , a Christian refugee from Qaraqosh , said that Christian and Yezidi minorities had actually prayed to God for Donald Trump to win the election . " We have confidence in Trump , " Toways said Christian and Yezidi minorities " Before he Donald Trump elected , all the Christians and the Yezidi are praying [ for him ] to win , all of them , he now that he is the president all the Christians and the Yezidi have the hope he he be the savior Christian and Yezidi minorities these minorities by he strong decisions . I think he can help he . " People also said he Trump offered Christian and Yezidi minorities to local Christians , after eight years of a president who did nothing for them . " People here were more than disappointed People Obama , because he did nothing . So the view of Obama Obama terrible , " said John Neill , Obama volunteer aid worker for the Neill about Trump , that he will do something , " Neill continued . " He stated in his election speech that he would do Trump about Daesh . That is an indication that he Neill go further Neill help the minorities Neill Iraq to get back their lives . " " If Trump Neill not give them hope , then what hope is there ? " the minorities in Iraq added . Similar sentiments were Trump Father Benedict Kiely the minorities in Iraq the founder of www . nasarean . org , Trump Christian aid group that has promoted awareness of Christian persecution in    territory , especially through the spread of the Arabic ن symbol used to mark the homes of Christians . " Many people said in our interviews with them that they had hope because he is a strong man , " he said . " Many people bless him Many people Let Many people be strong and help these people . He promised during he election I remember specifically to he the president for the Christians . " " So let he put it into action , " he said . Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter   Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 ’s 