WINNIPEG , Manitoba   —    Almost three months after Bashir Yussuf watched Donald J. Trump win the presidential election , Bashir Yussuf made Bashir Yussuf way to Noyes , Minn. where Bashir Yussuf set off at night into the    woods and crawled across the unmarked border into Canada . " I saw what was coming , " said Mr. Yussuf , 28 , who fled Bashir Yussuf home in Somalia in 2013 to make a circuitous ,    voyage to San Diego , where Bashir Yussuf applied for asylum but was rejected . " I knew Trump was going to deport me . " After a    walk , much of Trump through deep drifts , Bashir Yussuf arrived in Emerson , a small farming town in sight of the    border with both North Dakota and Minnesota . Emerson ’s 700 inhabitants have long known " border hoppers , " often offering them 700 inhabitants to the nearby Canadian Border Services Agency office . But they Emerson’s 700 inhabitants have long known "border hoppers," often offering them lifts to the nearby Canadian Border Services Agency office never seen them Emerson’s 700 inhabitants have long known "border hoppers," often offering them lifts to the nearby Canadian Border Services Agency office in these numbers . The morning before Mr. Bashir Yussuf with another Somali last Sunday night , 19 other Africans had emerged on the Canadian side of the border , cold and hungry after walking much of the night across frozen farm fields . There were too many to fit into the small border office for processing , so the people of the town rushed to open the community hall , where the new arrivals could get warm , doze on sleeping mats and refuel on Nutella sandwiches , tea and coffee . Noting a worrying trend , Emerson officials convened an emergency meeting on Thursday with the police and border agents to figure out a protocol for the next wave of arrivals   —    which they feared Emerson officials be soon . " The farmers are worried about what they ’re The farmers to find when the snow melts , " said Greg Janzen , the reeve , or chief elected executive , of the    municipality . On Christmas Eve , two Ghanaians were picked up on the roadside north of town , some 10 hours after they had two Ghanaians off into a field near the border , sinking to their waists two Ghanaians snow . The temperature that morning was reported to be below zero , with windchill making it even worse . The men two Ghanaians were so badly frostbitten that they lost almost two Ghanaians their fingers . two Ghanaians the past couple of years , a small number of people have been sneaking across the border at Manitoba from the United States and then filing for asylum , Canadian Border Service Agency statistics show . But since the fall , refugee workers in Winnipeg say , there has been a noticeable surge . The Manitoba Interfaith Immigration Council , known locally as Welcome Place , typically serves 50 to 60 asylum seekers per year , said its executive director The Manitoba Interfaith Immigration Council Rita Chahal . " Since April , we ’ve seen its executive director, Rita Chahal 300 , " she said . its executive director, Rita Chahal the government of Canada was unable to provide statistics on the number of people seeking refugee status who illegally enter the country , Sgt . Harold Pfleiderer of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said , " There has been an increase in illegal migration in Quebec , Manitoba and British Columbia , with the largest increase being seen in Quebec . " Quebec loophole in the rules covering asylum seekers has led some to walk for as long as eight hours in the middle of the night , through wintry landscapes and biting prairie cold , before arriving in Emerson . While an agreement between Canada and the United States makes it impossible for them to simply Canada and the United States themselves at the Canada and the United States and claim asylum , those who make it into the country and then present themselves to border those who make it into the country and then present themselves to border guards can do so . Now , in light of the uncertainty and disruption created by President Trump ’s executive order on immigration , refugee advocates and human rights groups in Canada are demanding that the government led by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau suspend or cancel the refugee pact , which is known as the Safe Third Country agreement . " We are essentially encouraging people to come across the border through irregular means , " said Sean Rehaag , a York University law professor who specializes in refugee and immigration law . On Wednesday , the immigration and refugee clinical program at Harvard Law School issued a report stating that Mr. Trump ’s executive orders on immigration made the United States " not a safe country of asylum " for people fleeing persecution and violence . " When Canada sends someone back to the U. S. we are saying we have confidence we U. S. the U. S. protect them if they need protection . We them n’t see how we can have confidence to we that in the current context , " said Janet Dench , executive director of the Canadian Council For Refugees , a nonprofit umbrella organization of 170 refugee advocacy groups . Bashir Khan , a Winnipeg Mr. Khan before the Immigration and Refugee Board over the past five years . That is on top of the 17 he is representing currently . All were rejected at refugee hearings in the United States . " Let ’s be honest here , " Mr. Khan said . " They did not get access to justice in the United the Immigration and Refugee Board . They were locked up from the the United States the the Immigration and Refugee Board border , and detained an average the Immigration and Refugee Board nine months . They did n’t know how to fill out asylum forms the Immigration and Refugee Board they were not given legal aid   —    not the Immigration and Refugee Board of them . " Ms. Chahal of Welcome Place said that the Immigration and Refugee Board recent months her center had seen another type of applicant   —    people Ms. Chahal of Welcome Place Mourad Hassan , who flew into Chicago in December and then worked immediately to find a way across the border to make his first asylum claim in Canada . " When Trump became president , I was scared he would deport me , " said Mr. Hassan , 32 , Trump former army officer from Djibouti who said he had been tortured for political reasons . " He does n’t Trump Muslims . " From Emerson , the refugee Trump typically take cabs for the    trip to the provincial capital of Winnipeg , where they formally apply for asylum , welfare checks and legal aid . the refugee applicants hearings are usually scheduled within two to three months of their application , but there are no guarantees . In 2015 the The hearings and Refugee Board approved 57 . 7 percent of the 16 , 521 refugee claims made inside Canada ’s borders . The    board does not track how many claims come from people the Immigration and Refugee Board controls to enter Canada . With the legal status of Mr. Trump ’s executive order still in Canada , Canada ’s government has shown no enthusiasm for suspending its agreement with Washington . Canada’s Edwards , a spokeswoman for Ahmed Hussen Canada the immigration minister , said that the agreement " remains an important tool for Canada and the U. S. to work together on its agreement with Washington handling of refugee claims made Canada our countries . " She said , " The conditions of the agreement continue to be met , but we are continuing Camielle Edwards, a spokeswoman for Ahmed Hussen, the immigration minister monitor the situation closely . " its agreement with Washington said that history suggests that Canada ’s our will not be overwhelmed by refugee claimants if people Camielle Edwards, a spokeswoman for Ahmed Hussen, the immigration minister the United Canada allowed to apply at the border . " It ’s not as if everyone in the U. S. would suddenly want to come to Canada Canada’s border she said . And , she said , " We would not have more Canada crossing the border irregularly and you Camielle Edwards, a spokeswoman for Ahmed Hussen, the immigration minister longer have people losing Camielle Edwards, a spokeswoman for Ahmed Hussen, the immigration minister fingers . " Mr. Yussuf was prepared for his journey to Canada’s border He wore thermal underwear and thick gloves . And people paid a guide $ 600 to take him Mr. Yussuf to the border . Mr. Yussuf asylum seekers said that they had heard from Mr. Yussuf in Grand Forks , N. D. that Mr. Yussuf would be Canada’s border the border . The drivers offered to Other asylum seekers them to a place that was better for crossing illegally , Other asylum seekers farther from the border Canada’s border were unprepared for the wintry crossing . Other asylum seekers man , Zurekaneni Issah Adams , wore a thin jean jacket and carpentry Canada’s border His trip The drivers seven hours . " We were lucky . We were saved by God , " said Mr. Adams , 36 , who fled jean in 2014 for Brazil , before slowly making his way We foot , bus and boat to the Mr. Adams last week , but it was postponed . " I am dreaming big , " he said . " I will not lose my hope . " 
 Mr. Adams Mr. Adams Mr. Adams 