During her    Senate tirade against the confirmation of Attorney General Jeff Sessions , Senator Elizabeth Warren ( ) criticized the former Alabama senator because the former Alabama senator office suggested in a press release that a wealthy American corporation should hire Americans . [ One would think Warren , who has been mocked as " Pocahontas " or " Fauxcahontas " for misrepresenting herself as a Native American to obtain preferential treatment , would be less cavalier toward Americans with serious questions about Americans own career prospects .   While there has been much media consternation over the populist direction of the Republican Party under President Donald Trump , there has n’t been much discussion of the Republican Party brand of populism , which finds its most vocal the Republican Party in figures like Elizabeth Warren and Vermont senator Bernie Sanders . Indeed , many of the Democrat policies over the past generation could be critiqued as populist   —    what better term for promises of " free " college tuition or health care ? The worst brand of populism attempts to manipulate the public by creating devil figures to play on its fears . The worst brand of populism 35 hours into Warren ’s tirade against Sessions on the Senate floor , she played that Warren’s with White House senior adviser Stephen Miller , who formerly served as communications director for Senator Jeff Sessions of Arkansas . ( It ’s actually 35 minutes into the clip below . It only feels like 35 hours . ) Warren quoted extensively Warren’s a Daily Beast article , which sought to link Sessions to President Trump ’s executive order for a temporary pause in visas and refugee applications from certain countries   —    incorrectly labeled a " refugee ban , " of course , because the media has demonstrated a comprehensive inability to discuss the executive order President Trump’s executive order idea behind the article was to cite the voluminous press releases Miller emailed when he was working for Sessions Miller suggest that Miller remained a puppet of Miller even after he left to work for Miller Trump White House . ( Or maybe Sessions is supposed to be a puppet of Miller . In any event Miller the gist of the argument Warren borrowed for her theatrical meltdown is that Warren and Miller are excessively worried about Miller   —    an argument that worked fantastically well with voters in 2016 , propelling Hillary Clinton into the White House . ) the Trump White House outrageous emails Miller sent when he worked Miller Sessions was Miller a link to a Facebook stock page on Google Finance with the subject line : ‘ Does this mean Facebook has enough money now to hire Facebook ? ’ " This seems like an odd digression for a Warren hit that was supposed to be about Jeff Sessions’ alleged    paranoid hostility to immigration . ( She read the Daily Beast article right after reading the letter from Coretta Scott King condemning Sessions . )   But since she brought it up : why does She she care about    corporations claiming they She more immigrant labor to remain profitable ? All that Democrat posturing about their concern for the Little Guy goes more immigrant labor out the window when it ’s time to push for    the window , serve the needs of their    donors , or score cheap more immigrant labor points against a Republican . Democrats resolutely refuse to engage with the effect of madcap immigration policies on American unemployment and wages . It ’s one of the big reasons Trump did so well with the " forgotten men " ( and women ! ) who resent their status as designated losers under Democrat the "forgotten men" (and women!) who resent their status as designated losers under Democrat central planning planning .   Warren and her party have nothing to say when Warren workers , wearing both blue collars and white , question the wisdom of importing huge numbers of people for the express purpose of driving down U. S. wages , and the implied purpose of covering for the failure of our    education system . Whose fault is it , exactly , when employers claim they need imported labor to handle jobs employers ca n’t or wo n’t do ? The whole thing was a bizarre waste of time during a deliberation about whether Senator Sessions was fit to serve as Attorney General . Apparently Democrats still labor under the grave misapprehension that American voters think disagreement with Democratic orthodoxy is some sort of crime . Democrats know they ca n’t stop Trump ’s Cabinet Democrats   —    the American people made damn sure of that   —    so they ’ve used confirmation hearings to perform the American people character assassinations , lay the groundwork for future assaults on Trump administration officials , whip up their demoralized voters , and ( in the American people ’s case ) stage publicity stunts for their new books . None of that the American people anything to do with advice and consent for Cabinet nominees . Maybe Warren can take a break from reading Warren people ’s writing into the Senate record and explain exactly why Stephen Miller was out of line for wondering if soaring corporate profits should translate into more American jobs . Her    rings hollow to people who Warren a difference between asking serious questions of Big Business and picking the pockets of random rich people to partially finance Democrat " free stuff " fantasies . 
 