Several Democrats in Congress warned President Trump on Friday that President Trump will face consequences if President Trump fires special counsel Robert Mueller and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein . [ " All Americans , regardless of party , agree on the fundamental principle that no one is above the law , " Rep. Ted Lieu ( ) told MSNBC Friday . " And if President Trump were to fire Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein , and then [ get ] special counsel Mueller fired , I believe Congress would begin impeachment proceedings . "   Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) echoed Lieu ’s sentiments , saying that Congress would come together to make sure Congress overrule President Trump authority on the matter . " Congress Congress not allow the president to so egregiously overstep his the president , " Schiff Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) in a statement . " If President Trump were to try to replicate [ former President Richard ] Nixon ’s Saturday Night Massacre by firing Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein in addition to Mueller , Congress Congress unite to stop him Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein   without respect to party , and for the sake of the nation , " he Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein . Trump President Trump on Twitter that he President Trump " being investigated " for his President Trump to fire former FBI Director James Comey , insinuating that " the man who told [ him President Trump to fire the FBI Director " is also the one investigating him President Trump referencing the deputy attorney general . He President Trump the tweet by saying that the investigation is a " witch hunt " against him President Trump I am being investigated for firing the the FBI Director the man who told me to fire the FBI FBI the FBI Director ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 16 , 2017 ,   In his President Trump testimony before the Senate , Rosenstein President Trump he President Trump only fire Mueller under " lawful and appropriate orders " to prove Mueller ’s firing is for Mueller " good cause . " Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( ) saw Trump ’s tweet as evidence that the president would fire the deputy attorney general . " The message the president is sending through the president is that he believes the president rule of law the president n’t apply to him and that anyone who thinks the president will be fired . That ’s undemocratic on its face and a blatant violation the rule of law the president ’s oath of office the president Feinstein said in a statement . 
 