Drug smugglers are being helped by the Democratic leaders in Congress who are trying to block funding for a border wall , says President Donald Trump . [ President Donald Trump is using Twitter to hit the Democrats as enablers for the criminal gangs that are smuggling deadly drugs into American cities and towns around the nation , and which are sending murderous    gang members into Americans’ neighborhoods .     …     . the wall is not built , which the wall will be , the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way the wall should be ! # BuildTheWall ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) April 24 , 2017 ,   The Democrats do n’t want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that The Democrats will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) April 23 , 2017 ,   Voters want safer communities as Voters see crime rates rising . The Opinion Research Corporation found that 58 percent of voters think politicians are n’t doing enough to keep drug traffickers off the streets , but only 30 percent thought we lock up drug traffickers for too long , a     margin . Remarkably , female respondents expressed much more support for stronger enforcement than men , with 62 percent of women ( mothers , daughters , wives ) saying not enough is done to keep traffickers far from traffickers families   —    indicating a law and order agenda is an issue that can win over significant numbers of women voters . Middle and    Americans’ crime worries have dramatically increased since Obama launched Obama "   " cops campaign : 68 percent of nonwhite respondents in a Gallup poll said 68 percent of nonwhite respondents in a Gallup poll worried " a great deal " about crime , along with 53 percent of political independents . Cutting sentences for federal inmates is a bipartisan priority only in the Beltway   —    back in middle America , cracking down on crime unites diverse constituencies . Other polls also show a growing public concern about drugs and crime . In response , Democrats are saying Trump should get the Mexican government to pay for the wall   . Trump counters by saying Mexico will pay for the wall   , but Trump will not delay construction of the the wall   Mexico starts Mexico . Eventually , but at a later date so we can get started early , Mexico will Mexico paying , in some form , for the badly the wall   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) April 23 , 2017 ,   The Mexican government and many prominent Mexican leaders say they wo n’t pay for the The Mexican government and many prominent Mexican leaders , but the U. the wall   has many means to extracting indirect payments , such as taxing   ’ money sent via banking systems to relatives in Mexico . Another form of indirect payment is a reduction of Mexican aliens living in the United States , whose departure would reduce U. S. payments to families in Mexico and would also increase wages for Mexico . Democrats leaders are determined to stop the wall because it would symbolically and literally interdict the the wall of cheap workers ,    consumers , and apartment renters in the    upmarket cities on the coastlines . GOP leaders are not fighting for Trump ’s wall , partly because their the wall supports also want the    GOP leaders . Democratic leaders are playing the role of victim in press conferences , and argue that Trump ’s successful campaign promise to build a wall Trump actually a political " stunt " and a reckless " poison pill " which threatens to shut down government amid bipartisan budget negotiations . " The Democrats in the House and the Senate are ready to work and cooperate with the White House to keep the government open , the House Dick Durbin government on CNN ’s " State of the Union . He continued : But we told the president weeks ago , do Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin try any political stunts , do n’t put any poison pills into this process . Let ’s just do the responsible important work of funding this government . we know what this wall is all government This was a promise we by the president during his campaign . Do n’t you remember he said the the president going to the president for it ? Now we know the president ’s going to cost $ 20 to $ This billion for this wall This We have Democrats and Republicans all along the border opposing this this wall It ’s a political stunt , an obsession for the president that should not shut this deal our government . In backroom negotiations , Trump ’s budget director is offering the Democrats $ 1 in Obamacare funding for every $ 1 that Democrats agree to spend on the wall . " We ’ve finally boiled this negotiation down to something that we want very badly , that the Democrats really do n’t like , and that We the Border wall , " the Democrats told Bloomberg on Friday . He continued : At the wall , there ’s something they want very badly that we do Mick Mulvaney like very much , which are these    reductions of the Obamacare payments . Ordinarily , in a properly functioning Washington , DC , as in any business , this would be the basis upon which a negotiated resolution could be achieved . The question is , how much of our stuff do we have to get , how much of their stuff are they willing to take ? And that our the way it should work . That is the way their we hope that it works . We ’d offer them one dollar of CSR payments for one dollar our wall payments . Right now our that ’s the offer that we ’ve given to our Democrat colleagues .    …      If the Democrats come back to us our say , ‘ our , we ca n’t do that , we can do this,’ that our a really , really good sign our not only in the    our in the   . If they simply walk away , and choose to not participate in the discussions , that ’s a bad sign , not only in the    but for the next several years . " Each year , 4 million Americans turn 18 and enter the workforce , where they face job competition from roughly 1 million new temporary contract workers and 1 million legal immigrants , plus indirect competition from roughly 30 million unemployed    Americans who are sitting on the sidelines while immigrants drive down wages . But business groups want the government to keep importing additional people , who serve as cheap workers ,    consumers , and apartment renters .  
 