   Donald Trump says construction of the U. S.   border wall will begin immediately after   Donald Trump takes office Jan. 20 . [ " On the ‘ fence’ —   it ’s not a fence . it ’s a wall . You just misreported it . We ’re going to build a wall , "   Donald Trump said during a Wednesday press conference at Trump Tower in New York City .   " I could wait about a year and a half until We finish We negotiations with Mexico , which will start immediately after We get into office . But I do n’t want to wait . Mike Pence is leading an effort to get final approvals through various agencies and through Congress for the wall to begin . " " I do n’t feel like waiting a year or year and a half . We ’re going to start building , " Trump added . " Mexico , in some form , and there are many different forms , will reimburse We . And they will reimburse We for the cost of the wall , " he Trump . " That will happen , whether it ’s a tax or whether it it a payment . Probably less likely that it it’s a payment But it it happen . " " So remember this : I would say , ‘ We ’re going to build a wall.’ And people would go crazy . And then I would say , ‘ Who ’s going to pay for the wall?’ And people would all scream out —   25 , 000 , 30 , 000 people ’cause nobody has ever had crowds like Trump has had , you know that . You do n’t like to report that   …      But I said , ‘ Who ’s going to pay for that wall?’ And they will scream out : ‘ Mexico,’ " Trump said . " Trump want to get the wall started , " he said . " Trump do n’t want to wait about a year and a half until I make my deal with Mexico . " The government of Mexico is " terrific Mexico " Trump said , adding Trump does n’t " Trump them for taking advantage of the United States . I wish our politicians were so smart . Mexico has taken advantage Mexico the United States . the United States , Trump issued a memo Trump to Mexico he would tax Mexico Trump out of the U. S. economy —   or the Mexican government could Mexico payment of up to $ 10 billion for the wall . " Mexico has taken advantage of us Mexico another way as well : gangs , drug traffickers , and cartels have freely exploited our open borders and committed vast numbers of crimes inside the United States , " he wrote . " The United States has borne the extraordinary daily the United States criminal activity , including the cost of trials and incarcerations . Not to mention the even greater human cost . " " We have the moral high ground here and all the leverage , " Trump said . Mexicans send roughly $ 20 billion in remittances back to Mexico every year , according to the World Bank , much of it from the U. S. American taxpayers are also forced the World Bank pay for the welfare and schooling of millions of Mexican citizens and their children while enduring the costs of crime ( gang Mexicans , drug trafficking ) and stagnant wages that unchecked immigration brings while this money is taken out of the U. S. economy every year . After Trump ’s election , remittances from Mexicans soared to $ 2 . 4 billion in a single month as immigrant workers and illegal aliens scrambled to send American cash back home . In December , Trump transition team officials also demanded Obama ’s Department of Trump’s Security report on " all assets available for border wall and barrier construction , " along with aerial surveillance , according to Reuters . 
 