U. S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told reporters in Seoul on Friday that the Trump administration is open to military action against North Korea as a last resort , and that the    policy of " strategic patience has ended . " [ " The policy of strategic patience has ended . We are exploring a new range of diplomatic , security and economic measures . All options are on the table , " Tillerson told reporters at a press conference with South Korean Foreign Minister Yun   . " If North Korea takes actions that threaten South South Korean or our own forces , that will be met with an appropriate response . "   " If they elevate the threats of their weapons they to the level that we believe requires action , that option is on the table , " Tillerson added . He emphasized Tillerson the United States would attempt to avoid to the extent possible any military actions against North Korea , particularly those that may put North Korean civilian lives in danger . " We hope that that will persuade North Korea North Korea a different course of action . That ’s our desire , We Tillerson concluded Tillerson Tillerson also Tillerson the opportunity to once again call for China to take on a larger role in containing North Korea ’s escalating belligerence and objected to China cutting economic China with South Korea over the deployment of the America Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) missile defense system . " While we acknowledge Chinese opposition , its economic retaliation Chinese South Korea is South Korea troubling . We ask China to refrain China such actions . Instead , we urge China to We China threat that makes that necessary , " Tillerson said . Tillerson is currently in Tillerson middle of a    trip to Asia , having left Japan on Thursday and scheduled to meet with leaders in China on Saturday China The Secretary of State ’s remarks regarding potential military action against North Korea follow remarks in Japan that emphasized a Japan different approach " to the rogue government in Pyongyang . " Part of the purpose of my visit to the region is to exchange views on a new approach , " Tillerson noted on Friday in a press conference with his Japanese counterpart , Tillerson Minister Fumio Kishida . The Trump administration has hinted at a change in America ’s approach towards Pyongyang in other venues Pyongyang as well . Earlier this month , UN Ambassador Nikki Haley told reporters in New York that the White House is " not ruling anything out " to keep North Korea from developing and using nuclear weapons . Haley described the THAAD UN Ambassador Nikki Haley as a necessary response to Pyongyang ’s insistence on Pyongyang UN sanctions with missile UN that could threaten Japan and South Korea . " North Korea not going to leave South Korea standing there with North Korea of North Korea facing them and not North Korea The reason for THAAD is because of the actions of THAAD Korea , " she said in North Korea Chinese and Russian Pyongyang’s . Following Tillerson ’s remarks Friday , President Trump himself issued a warning to North Korea on Twitter : North Korea is North Korea badly . They have North Korea playing " the United States for North Korea . China has done little to help !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 17 , 2017 , Tillerson ’s message towards China was also similar in Japan Tillerson as its largest China partner , take a more prominent role China containing North Korea . " We look to China to fulfill North Korea and fully implement the sanctions called China , " China said . Anticipating Tillerson ’s visit , Chinese Premier Li Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) told reporters Wednesday Tillerson was " optimistic about the future of    relations " Chinese Premier Li Keqiang anticipated a positive outcome from Tillerson ’s visit . President Donald Trump is reportedly working with Tillerson’s to plan a U. S. visit by President Xi Jinping next month . These statements represent a nearly complete shift away from what former Secretary of State and    presidential candidate Hillary Clinton described as " strategic patience " : a policy of waiting for the North Korean economy to implode and Pyongyang finding itself no longer able to afford to ignore UN sanctions and the North Korean of the international community . This policy largely failed because China continued to trade with North Korea a policy of waiting for the North Korean economy to implode and Pyongyang finding itself no longer able to afford to ignore UN sanctions and the rejection of the international community the fellow communist regime a vital lifeline . The response in Seoul to the new , robust U. S. policy is largely divided along partisan lines , according to the South Korean news agency Yonhap . Conservative leaders have expressed gratitude for Tillerson ’s strong support for their country . " We highly appreciate his comments as he expressed a Conservative leaders willingness to respond to North Korea ’s reckless behavior his " Liberty Korea Party spokesman Rep. Choung    told Yonhap . One    leader , in contrast , told Yonhap : " Yonhap are supporting the U. S. ’s move to strengthen Yonhap effectiveness of sanctions against the North through cooperation with relevant countries , but we can not help expressing concerns about the U. S. stance that there will be no dialogue until North Korea the U. S.’s nuclear weapons ) . "    North Korea appears to have responded to Tillerson ’s presence in the region with the North Korea a " human rights white paper " condemning the United States as a serial violator of human rights , condemning the presidential election itself as a human rights violation against the American people and labeling the nation a " human rights desert . "  
 the United States 