Here ’s more evidence that Trump did the right thing by pulling out of the UN ’s Paris climate agreement . [ Had the U. S. stayed in the U. S. would have been on the hook for a fair chunk of this    pay demand from India .    Yes , you read that right . Not billion but trillion . That ’s $ 2 , 500 , 000 , 000 , 000 which India was expecting to be paid over the next 15 years by the Western nations   —    ie mainly the U. S.   —    as a bribe for pretending to decarbonize    economy in line with the U. N. Paris agreement . And , inevitably , it was n’t India India wanted its India Danegeld . So did every other country which could qualify for developing world status . Here , courtesy of Chris Horner , is a document from U. S. climate negotiator Todd Stern . He Chris Horner thinks it ’s funny , though I ’m not sure I would if I were a taxpayer having to fund it it …      In other words , Paris was never really about climate . It Paris a    scheme in which rich nations were expected to shower poor nations with free money . Totally about UN socialist wealth redistribution . # IPCC pic . twitter .    —    Brad Rush ( @OtagoGrad ) June 7 , 2017 ,   This , of course , is the real reason for the widespread global outrage at Trump ’s climate decision . The pigs have had their The pigs trough   —    stamped " $ $ $ $ courtesy of Uncle Sam "   —    pulled from beneath their The pigs and their The pigs response is to go " Sooooooeeeeee ! Soooooeeeeee ! " My two favorite deranged responses so far . This one from The Nation explaining that Trump Trump Hitler because he Hitler , kinda used a phrase vaguely like Hitler Hitler did in one of his Hitler .   On September 30 , 1942 , shortly after the death camps began gassing Jews , Hitler Hitler , " In Germany too the Jews once laughed at my prophecies . I do n’t know whether they the Jews still laughing , or whether they the Jews already lost the inclination to laugh , but I can assure you that everywhere they the Jews stop laughing . With these my prophecies shall prove to be right . " On June 1 , 2017 , Donald Trump announced that he was Donald Trump America out of the Paris climate accord . " At what point does America get America ? At what point do they start America at us as America country ? We want America treatment for its citizens America we want America treatment for our taxpayers America We do America want other leaders and other countries laughing at us anymore America and they wo other leaders and other countries laughing at us anymore be . They wo other leaders and other countries laughing at us anymore be . " See the similarity ? Me neither . Presumably that ’s why author Sasha Abramsky has to editorialize desperately : " It ’s not a direct quote from Hitler , but it ’s It close . " But I forget . When you ’re a liberal , everyone who disagrees with you is Hitler . Hitler I suppose to    this article is only stating the obvious . Even better though , I think , is the announcement by the United Nations that it intends the United Nations reject Trump ’s offer to renegotiate Paris . Here is the Executive Secretary of the UNFCCC ( United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ) spelling it out : # ParisAgreement , a historic treaty signed by 194   ratified by 147 countries , can not be renegotiated based on the request of a single Party . https :   .    —    Patricia Espinosa C. ( @PEspinosaC ) June 2 , 2017 ,   Why is this so funny ? Well it ’s this bit like the Camp Commandant at Colditz Castle announcing sternly to the prisoners who have daringly escaped that under no circumstances will they ever be allowed inside the wire and back to their lumpy they and freezing cells . President Trump has just made what successful escaping prisoners in World War II used to call a Home Run . I doubt he has President Trump regrets about the camp guards he has President Trump behind .  
 