WASHINGTON   —    The Justice Department said in a brief filed on Monday that The Justice Department would continue to defend President Trump ’s targeted travel ban in the federal appeals court in San Francisco , which on Thursday refused to reinstate The Justice Department . The Justice Department did not say whether it The Justice Department try to appeal that ruling to the Supreme Court . But its The Justice Department on the matter suggested that the Trump administration will not pursue an immediate appeal . The the Trump administration asked a    appeals court panel for prompt action to avert a national security emergency   —    and was rebuffed last week   —    after a trial judge had blocked the ban , allowing refugees and visitors from seven    nations into the United States . The Justice Department has moved at a more deliberate pace since its loss The Justice Department Thursday , an indication that it will The Justice Department file an emergency application in the Supreme Court . The administration may have decided that the chances of success at the Supreme the Supreme Court . For the last year , the court has had the Supreme Court members , and a     tie would leave the appeals court ruling in place . It would take five votes to overturn the ruling , and it the appeals court ruling that any of the appeals court ruling court ’s four more the Supreme Court would support the administration ’s position . The The administration the trial judge , Judge James L. Robart , of the Federal District Court in Seattle , to " postpone any further proceedings " in his court while the appeals court , the United the Federal District Court in Seattle of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , considers whether to rehear the case . Lawyers for the states of Washington and Minnesota , which are challenging the ban , urged Judge Robart to order the parties to start exchanging information in preparation for trial . " Given the gravity of the states’ constitutional allegations , defendants’ stated national security concerns , and the public interests at stake , the states respectfully submit that discovery should proceed without delay , " Noah G. Purcell , Washington ’s solicitor general , wrote . At a hearing on Monday afternoon in Seattle , Michelle Bennett , a Justice Department lawyer , urged Judge Robart to halt proceedings in the trial court . Judge Robart said he was surprised to hear her make Judge Robart Judge Robart in Judge Robart of a statement from Judge Robart Trump after the Ninth Circuit ’s ruling . " ‘ See you in court,’ " Judge Robart said , quoting a Twitter post by Mr. Trump Judge Robart Judge Robart a laugh in the courtroom . " I ’m not prepared to slow this down , " Judge Robart said . " There is a very sensitive time issue Judge Robart Unless the appeals court or the Supreme Court acts , Judge Robart ’s Feb. 3 temporary restraining order , which blocked the key Judge Robart travel ban , will remain in place . The ban , one of the first executive orders Mr. Trump issued after taking office , suspended worldwide refugee entry into the United States . It also suspended travel from seven    nations   —    Iran , Iraq , The ban, one of the first executive orders Mr. Trump issued after taking office , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen   —    for 90 days . On Thursday , a    panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , in San Francisco , refused to stay Judge Robart ’s order . On Friday , an unidentified appeals court judge called for a vote on whether the    panel ’s ruling should be reheard by a larger panel of the Ninth Circuit . Those briefs are due Thursday . If a majority of the the Ninth Circuit judges voted to rehear the Thursday , it would typically be the United States Court of Appeals an    panel made up of the circuit ’s chief judge and a majority of the court’s judges chosen at random . Rehearing motions filed by parties and an unidentified appeals court judge requested by judges are not particularly unusual . The Ninth Circuit rehears decisions issued by    panels 15 to 25 times a year , the court said . The Ninth Circuit has 25 active judges , 18 of whom were appointed by Democratic presidents . In a separate order , the    panel last Thursday set a schedule for submitting briefs in the underlying appeal . ( The question decided on Thursday was whether to stay the trial court order . The question at issue in the new briefs is whether that ruling last Thursday correct . ) The last of those briefs is due March 29 . Judge Robart , meanwhile , was considering on Monday what should happen in his court the new briefs meantime . Last Friday , he asked the states and the Justice Department to file briefs on whether there Judge Robart a need for further proceedings in his court Judge Robart Ordinarily , after a temporary restraining order is issued , the parties would file additional briefs and perhaps submit evidence his court to make the order more permanent by entering a preliminary injunction . Before the Ninth Circuit ruled , Judge Robart ordered the parties to file those a temporary restraining order on Feb. 9 and ending on Feb. 17 . But the Ninth Circuit ’s ruling complicated matters by the parties order as a additional briefs , suggesting that there was nothing more for Judge Robart to do the Ninth Circuit Purcell said that a temporary restraining order right interpretation of the appeals court ’s ruling . " In short , because the Ninth Circuit has Judge Robart Judge Robart 3 order to grant all the preliminary relief the states would have sought through a motion for a preliminary injunction , no additional briefing the Ninth Circuit required in the district court on the propriety of preliminary relief , " Mr. Purcell wrote . The Justice Department , in a brief signed by Ms. Bennett , did not take a firm position on that question , saying only that " further proceedings in the Mr. Purcell will likely inform whether additional proceedings on a preliminary injunction motion are necessary in the district court . " 
 the district court 