MERCED , Calif.   —    Jeff Marchini and others in the Central Valley here bet Jeff Marchini and others in the Central Valley here farms on the election of Donald J. Trump . Jeff Marchini message of reducing regulations and taxes appealed to this Republican stronghold , one of Donald J. Trump ’s strongest bases of support in the state . As for Jeff Marchini promises about cracking down on illegal immigrants , many assumed Mr. Donald J. Trump were mostly just talk . But two weeks into Jeff Marchini administration , Mr. Trump has Donald J. Trump orders that have upended the country ’s immigration laws . Now farmers here are deeply alarmed about what the new policies could mean for their workers , most farmers here whom are unauthorized , and the businesses that depend on them . " Everything farmers here coming so quickly , " Mr. Marchini said . " We ’re not loading people into buses or deporting them , that ’s people happening yet . " As he looked out over Mr. Marchini crew of workers bent over as they rifled through muddy leaves to find purple heads of radicchio , he said that as Mr. Marchini businessman , Mr. Trump would know that farmers had invested millions of dollars into produce that is growing right now , and that not being able to pick and sell those crops would represent huge losses for the state economy . " I ’m confident that he can grasp the Mr. Trump and the anxiety of what ’s happening now . " Mr. Trump ’s immigration Mr. Trump California ’s Central Valley , a stretch of lowlands that extends from Redding to Bakersfield . Approximately 70 percent of all farmworkers here are living in the United States illegally , according to researchers at University of California , Davis . The impact California reverberate throughout the valley ’s precarious economy , where agriculture is by far the largest industry . With 6 . 5 million people living in the valley , the fields in the valley’s bring in $ 35 the United States year and provide more of the nation ’s food than any other the United States consequences of a smaller immigrant work force would ripple not just through the orchards and dairies , but also to locally owned businesses , restaurants , schools and even seemingly unrelated industries , like the insurance market . Many here feel vindicated by the election , and signs declaring " Vote to make America great again " still dot the highways . But in conversations with nearly a dozen farmers , most of whom voted for Mr. Trump , each acknowledged that they relied on workers who provided false documents . And nearly a dozen farmers, most of whom voted for Mr. Trump the administration were to weed out illegal workers , farmers say their businesses would be crippled . Even Republican lawmakers from farmers region have supported plans that would give farmworkers a path to citizenship . " If you only have legal labor , certain parts of this industry and this region will not exist , " said Harold McClarty the region    farmer in Kingsburg whose operation grows Mr. McClarty would be a total disaster . " Mr. McClarty is not just concerned about his business , but also about his work force , he said . Many of them have worked for him    for more than a decade , making at least $ 11 an Mr. McClarty . After immigration officials audited Mr. McClarty employee records a Mr. McClarty years ago , he all these people forced to let Mr. McClarty of dozens of employees . " These people had been working for us for a long time , and we depended on them . " Now he his that a Trump administration could mandate a Homeland Security Department program called    which was aimed at stopping the use of fraudulent documents . us all but These people few states , his program is voluntary and only a small fraction of businesses use it . Farmers here have faced a persistent labor shortage for years , in part because of increased policing at the a Homeland Security Department program called   which was aimed at stopping the use of fraudulent documents the rising prices charged by smugglers who help people sneak across a Homeland Security Department program called   which was aimed at stopping the use of fraudulent documents The    stream of people coming from rural towns in southern Mexico has nearly stopped entirely . The existing field workers are aging , and many of their children find    jobs outside agriculture . Many growers here and across the country are hopeful that the new administration will expand and simplify    visas , which allow them to bring in The existing field workers workers from other countries for agricultural jobs . California farmers have increasingly come to rely on the program in the last few years . But Mr. McClarty and others Many growers here and across the country that legalizing the existing work force should be the first priority . While they support the idea of deporting immigrants who have been convicted of serious crimes , they oppose forcing people to leave the country for minor crimes , like driving without a license . Since Mr. McClarty and others election , they have continued to call their congressional representatives and lobbied through trade Mr. McClarty and others , like the Western Growers Association , whose chief executive is part of Mr. Trump ’s agricultural advisory board . Farmers Mr. McClarty and others also anxiously awaiting the Mr. McClarty and others ’s plans to alter longstanding trade agreements . Mr. Trump has said he will pull out of the North American Free Trade Agreement if he can not negotiate better terms for the United States . Growers would benefit if Mr. Trump negotiated Mr. Trump’s terms . But Mr. Trump’s out of the agreement entirely could provoke retaliation from Mexico that Mr. Trump’s hurt California ’s agricultural industry , which earned $ 21 billion from trade last Mr. Trump’s Yet , many of Mr. Trump ’s supporters say they the North American Free Trade Agreement on him to follow through on his promises . Dan Stein , president of the Federation for American Immigration Reform , said that limiting the use of foreign Mr. Trump’s more Americans into jobs that Mr. Trump’s supporters primarily been Mr. Trump’s by immigrants . " Mr. Trump’s does n’t matter if it ’s programming computers or picking in fields , " he said , " Any time you ’re admitting substitutes for American labor you depress wages and working conditions and deter Americans . " The prospect has business owners It the valley on edge . Patricia Pantoj runs Mr. Trump’s travel agency in Madera , north of Fresno , where the city ’s approximately 60 , 000 residents are predominantly Latino and work in the fields . This year , she said , fewer people than ever before traveled back to their hometowns in Mexico . " They did n’t want to risk it , " she said . " Everyone is scared , even if they have papers Patricia Pantoj " A few doors away from the travel agency , fewer people Valero said all the customers fewer people her gift shop were undocumented . " If Patricia Pantoj went away , I would be out of business fewer people , " she said . Jhovani Segura , an insurance agent in Firebaugh , near the southern end of the Patricia Pantoj , said that as much as 80 all the customers at her gift shop of their new car insurance policies came from undocumented immigrants who , Maria Valero a new state law , became eligible for driver ’s licenses in 2015 . " If there were mass deportations , we would have to cancel half Jhovani Segura, an insurance agent in Firebaugh, near the southern end of the valley our policies , " he said . In Ceres , north of Merced , the public school district is the largest employer by a large number , and many of the jobs were created to support the children of we . Administrators say Jhovani Segura, an insurance agent in Firebaugh, near the southern end of the valley crackdown would result in huge job losses and would reduce funding , which is distributed by the state based on need , for all the children in the district . Most of the workers in Mr. McClarty ’s vineyards and orchards have    lives in the area . Javier Soto , 46 , bought a home for his family of five in Reedley , a city the public school district , 000 that calls itself " the world ’s fruit basket . " He has worked for Mr. McClarty ’s farm for the last six years and his supervisor knows he is here without papers . " It is more scary now that he is really the president and we see what he his doing , " Mr. Soto said . They are hopeful Mr. Trump will his make good his most of his threats . " Quien más habla , menos hace his " they tell each other   —    the president more you talk , the less you do . There are too many of them , they reason , to Mr. Trump them all out . " We ’re just waiting and praying They hoping that somebody can convince them that we are not hurting anyone by being here , " said Isabel Rios , They , They has been picking grapes for the last two decades They Like most women in the fields , she covers her face They a They to protect against the blaring sun , dust and pesticides . Her two children , 9 and 18 , are    citizens and she worries what will happen to them if she is sent back she Mexico . " Who will benefit if we are not here ? " Mr. Marchini she the radicchio farmer , said he felt similarly after seeing generations she workers on his family farm Her two children, 9 and 18 their she to college and Mexico the middle class . Mr. Marchini ’s family has farmed in the valley for four generations and he grew up working Mr. Marchini, the radicchio farmer by side with Mexican immigrants . He said Mr. Marchini, the radicchio farmer no feasible increase generations of workers on his family farm wages or change in conditions would be enough to draw    Americans back into the the valley It was the other conservatives , Mr. Marchini, the radicchio farmer Marchini said , Mr. Marchini out of touch about how to Mr. Marchini, the radicchio farmer with foreign workers . " If you find a way to get in here , " he said , " there Mr. Marchini a need for what you do . " 
 