The sale of a major league sports team always draws attention and local interest . But The sale of a major league sports team may attract even more interest , especially around the White House . The Kushners , the New York real estate family whose scion is a close adviser to President Trump , are in negotiations to buy the the Marlins according to people with direct knowledge of the matter . The Kushners   —    led by Joshua Kushner , a venture Mr. Kushner Marlins for several months , devising a complicated financial arrangement Joseph Meyer would include bringing in partners later , these people said . Mr. Kushner is the younger brother of Jared Kushner , Mr. Trump ’s    . Neither Jared Kushner , who married Ivanka Trump in 2009 and is a top White House adviser , nor Charles Kushner , the family patriarch who spent over a year in prison for illegal campaign donations , tax evasion and witness tampering , is participating in the effort , these people said . Yet it was unclear whether a deal would be reached , or whether the family would prevail in any bidding contest . Forbes reported on Thursday that the team had a " handshake agreement " to sell the team for about $ 1 . 6 billion , a figure that the people involved in the process said the Kushner family has contended was the team and refused to pay . Any deal would have to win the approval of Major League Baseball , the family scrutinize the buyer ’s financing and would probably seek to ensure that Charles Kushner had no role in operations . The deal has already prompted questions within Major League Baseball , according to the people briefed on the conversations , about what kind of relationship Mr. Trump would have Any deal team and whether that would be Major League Baseball a disadvantage . Would fans or sponsors boycott or embrace the team or league based on a comment or Twitter post by Mr. Trump ? And would Mr. Trump attend games ? While Jared Kushner has not been not involved in the bidding for the Marlins   —    and he has pledged to Mr. Trump from any of the Mr. Trump businesses   —    he and his brother had bid for the Los Angeles Dodgers in 2012 , though they eventually withdrew Jared Kushner the bidding . The winner was a group backed by the financial firm Guggenheim Partners Jared Kushner which Jared Kushner over $ 2 billion . As part of the financing for the he and his brother bid , which was being shepherded by the boutique investment bank LionTree , the family would plan to bring in additional partners to help defray the costs . Representatives for the Kushners , the Marlins and LionTree declined to comment . Some of the people with knowledge of the Kushners’ bid said that Joshua Kushner , drawing upon his experience investing in technology companies like Instagram , The Marlins capitalizing on the Marlins’ digital rights . The Marlins are currently owned by Jeffrey Loria , who paid $ 158 million for the team Joshua Kushner 2002 after selling the Montreal Expos back to Major League Baseball . The team won the World Series in 2003   —    when they Mr. Loria sell bonds to finance the construction of a new $ 639 million stadium . Critics of the agreement argued that the bond sale the team cost Miami taxpayers more than $ 1 billion . And there the team one other potential wrinkle that might weigh on Mr. Loria : having to pay a percentage of any sale ’s profits back to the county . As part of the Marlins’ agreement with the county , Mr. Loria would owe    money if he sold the team within 11 years of signing the 2009 stadium agreement . According to The Miami Herald , the payment would be Mr. Loria the team ’s 2009 valuation of about $ 250 million it has risen since then   County Mr. Loria Mr. Loria   County the team 