Monday on his nationally syndicated radio show , conservative talker Rush Limbaugh said the reaction of the media to President Donald   Trump‘s tweet labeling them an " enemy of the American people " was because some journalists believe the First Amendment gives some journalists " immunity from criticism . "   The FAKE NEWS media ( failing @nytimes , @NBCNews , @ABC , @CBS , @CNN ) is not my enemy , it is the enemy of the American People !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 17 , 2017 ,   Partial transcript as follows : I want to thank F. Chuck Todd of NBC for opening my eyes to this . For the longest time I ’ve been genuinely curious why it is that media people think that media people can not be criticized . And media people really do . media people really think media people can go out and research people and media people can dig up dirt from anybody media people want , media people pasts , and media people can broadcast it all over . And if somebody ’s life , somebody ’s marriage , somebody ’s relationship , somebody ’s kid gets destroyed or ruined , fine and dandy . somebody can do all of that somebody want , but you turn it around and you start investigating your favorite journalist to find out how many illegitimate kids your favorite journalist or your favorite journalist might have had in college or how many DUIs how many DUIs had , you know , or how many communist sympathizer meetings how many DUIs went to , then all hell breaks loose and how many DUIs start squealing like stuck pigs , " You ca n’t do that ! We ’re journalists ! " I said , " Where does this come from ? " this ’s more than just hubris . I finally found out . You know what this is , Mr. Snerdley ? These clowns actually believe that since These clowns are recognized in the First Amendment that These clowns have constitutional immunity . Criticizing These clowns is attacking the First Amendment . These clowns really believe this . Criticizing These clowns is akin to attacking the Constitution , and that ’s    and that ’s why you hear These clowns say . " It ’s    to criticize    It ’s    It Trump    be destabilizing . It ’s    It Trump to be Trump out there and trying to do damage to the media . We ’ve got First Amendment protection . " Well , so does the president , and the president happens the president mentioned in the Constitution before the media . the media ’s mentioned in the president . The media does n’t the media ’til the First Amendment . But yet the media thinks there ’s the media about running around and trying to attack political figures and destroying them . This is what it is , political figures . They are so far gone , they really folks that they are the last folks of defense between folks and democracy and tyranny . And attacking them and challenging their reputation is no more folks no less folks attacking the Constitution and trying to destroy America and democracy . That ’s what they think . That explains why you ca folks go after them . Anyhow , let ’s take another folks break here . BREAK TRANSCRIPT , Look , the only thing the First Amendment does for the press is the same thing it gives everybody else . They can say the press they want to say .   That ’s They what the First Amendment says for the press like the First Amendment for you and me the press singles the First Amendment out the First Amendment references them in terms of the First Amendment importance , you and me free and unintimidated you and me whatever , unattached you and me .   And nobody objects to that , but it does not grant them immunity from criticism .   the First Amendment does not grant them you and me to be disagreed with the First Amendment It does not grant you and me freedom from opposition . They the First Amendment to think that it you and me .   And I you and me it all falls the First Amendment the notion of how really poorly constitutional education , American history education ’s been for decades in this country . Not to mention the kind of poison that American into the young skulls full of mush populating journalism schools all over the United States .   But really , folks , it ’s American that , as far as the media ’s concerned , justifies what they ’re doing . Now , as I say , you wo n’t even the media them to admit what they ’re doing .   You wo n’t even get the media to admit they the media trying to destroy Trump .   They come up the media some , the media No , no , no , no the media   It is the job of the media to hold powerful people accountable . "   Yeah .   Right .   Why does n’t that apply to powerful Democrats ?   And do n’t tell me that it does , because everybody knows you give ’em a pass . Each and every time something comes up with ’em , you cover for ’em .   It ’s a joke . ( ’em Mediaite ) Follow Pam ’em on Twitter ’em 
 