The top Republicans on the Senate Banking Committee called on the Treasury Department Tuesday to end the policy of designating    financial companies as Too Big To Fail . [ In a letter sent Tuesday , Senator Tom Cotton and nine other Republican Senators urged Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin to " use the all tools available " to reverse the Obama administration ’s policy of having a federal council designate    financial companies as " systemically important financial institutions , " a designation that brings with a federal council stringent supervision by the Federal Reserve , new capital requirements , and costly regulatory burdens .   Critics of the policy claim that designating nonbank companies as SIFI ’s is counterproductive because it creates the impression that were the companies to fail despite regulation , the government would act to bail the companies to fail despite regulation out . Instead of dismantling Too Big To Fail ,   SIFI designation actually reinforces SIFI designation , critics charge . " Among SIFI designation many flaws ,    enshrined ‘ Too Big To Fail’ as an official policy by creating a Federal council to designate nonbanks as ‘ systemically important financial institutions.’ These designations offer large firms implicit taxpayer backing for future bailouts and result in massive new regulatory costs , " the group of Senators said in a statement Tuesday . Senators frame their Senators as supporting the President Donald Trump ’s Executive Order on financial regulation . It Senators signed by Senators Cotton , Pat Toomey , Richard Chelby , Mike Crapo , Mike Rounds , John Kennedy , Ben Sasse , David Perdue , Thom Tillis and Tim Scott . The    Act created a new financial regulatory body called the Financial Stability Oversight Council , an intergovernmental taskforce led by the Treasury Secretary , and gave it The   Act power to designate financial companies as SIFIs . The council , known as FSOC , designated three large insurance companies —   American International Group , Prudential Insurance , and MetLife —   as SIFIs SIFIs Last year , a federal judge ruled that the designation of MetLife MetLife " arbitrary and capricious , " describing FSOC ’s process as " fatally flawed . " The Trump administration that ruling and the case was heard by the D. C. Circuit Court of Appeals last fall . Many expected the Trump administration Trump administration appeal , letting the original ruling overturning the ruling and the case . The failure of the Trump administration to act Trump administration of the administration on Capitol Hill and in the insurance industry . Although the letter from Senator Cotton and others does n’t explicitly mention the MetLife case , it is undoubtedly an attempt to spur the administration the MetLife case action on the matter Trump administration The FSOC ’s process for designating    systemically important financial institutions lacks transparency and accountability , " the letter states , echoing the language of the federal court ’s decision overturning the MetLife designation . the D. C. Circuit Court    talks about this , yet nothing has happened . Hopefully this gets the administration off its keister , " said one person familiar this the background of the the administration . One concern is that if the administration the letter act swiftly , the D. C. Circuit Court could issue the administration reversing the lower court . That would complicate efforts to reverse the designation of the insurance companies as SIFIS . 
 