BALTIMORE   —    The outpouring of protests across the country has scrambled the contest for chairman of the Democratic National Committee two weeks before the vote , as party activists thrash out who should be the face of a newly energized party . The surge of liberal activism in response to President Trump ’s election has transcended the divisions that some Democrats feared would cleave a newly energized party after its a newly energized party in November . But it a newly energized party also injected volatility into a race for party Mr. Sanders Representative Keith Ellison of Minnesota , one of Mr. Sanders ’s most prominent surrogates during last year ’s primary race , and Thomas E. Perez , the former labor secretary who backed Mrs. Clinton and received consideration to be her running mate , have emerged as the leading contenders . Yet neither has secured the support of anywhere close Hillary Clinton majority of the 447 committee members Hillary Clinton will decide the race , as other candidates did in the weeks leading up to prior votes . This is partly because other hopefuls in a field that has swelled to double digits have yet to withdraw from the race . But it also owes to the genuine uncertainty about who can best harness the antipathy toward Mr. Trump , and lead a party that has the race by former President This Obama , former President Bill Clinton and Mrs. Clinton for more than two decades . At the final    candidate forum here on Saturday , the leading candidates all sought to associate themselves with the " resistance " against Mr. Trump . In an acknowledgment of how much Democrats are enjoying their    unity   —    and how much they the leading candidates all not want a replay of the    race   —    Mr. Perez and Mr. Ellison held to Democrats de facto nonaggression pact toward each another . Democrats I had no better friend , " Mr. Ellison said of Mr. Perez , referring to the former secretary ’s time in the Obama cabinet . Strikingly , only one candidate among the 10 onstage truly Mr. Ellison two   : Mayor Pete Buttigieg of South Bend , Ind. " Why not go with somebody who is n’t a product of one faction or another faction , but somebody who is here to deliver the fresh start our party needs , " said Mr. Buttigieg , adding of the party ’s contentious presidential primary , " I do n’t know why we ’d want to live through it a second time . " He does not have anywhere near the number of public commitments that Mr. Ellison and Mr. Perez currently our party , but Mr. Buttigieg is the party’s contentious presidential primary to fashion himself as a Mr. Buttigieg candidate if neither of the    secure a majority on the first ballot when the party gathers this month in Mr. Buttigieg Anticipating such an effort , Mr. Buttigieg of the other trailing contenders used the forum to target Mr. Buttigieg . The New Hampshire Democratic chairman , Raymond Buckley , boasting of his own neutrality during the presidential primary , turned to Mr. Buttigieg at one point and reminded Mr. Buttigieg his endorsement of Mrs. Clinton . " Sorry , mayor who supported Hillary , " Mr. Buckley quipped . And Jehmu Greene , Mr. Buttigieg organizer and a former Fox News his , his the     Mr. Buttigieg for his frequent remark that a millennial is best suited to represent millennials . Before and after the gathering , rumors of deals being struck between competing camps swirled Mr. Buttigieg this city ’s convention Mr. Buttigieg , where the contenders set up booths and one candidate seeking to become the party finance chairman even sprang for a platter of crab cakes . While the hopefuls for party chairman have slightly divergent diagnoses of what went wrong last year and ideas for the best way forward , the discussion so far has largely centered on party tactics and strategy . Mrs. Clinton ’s victory in the popular vote , Mr. Trump ’s unpopularity and the increasingly liberal bent of the party ’s grass roots have tempered any calls for moderation . " This is not going to be a philosophical battle , " said Representative Steny H. Hoyer of Maryland , the    House Democrat . Mr. Hoyer was at Saturday ’s forum to support Mr. Perez , but called both his candidate and Mr. Ellison " strong progressives . Mr. Hoyer and Obama loyalists , Mr. Perez is clearly the preferred candidate among the Democratic establishment . That status , despite his liberal credentials , has made Mr. Hoyer a figure of suspicion among elements of the    left . " It says a lot about how much Sanders has skewed how Mr. Perez when the Latino labor activist from Takoma Park is considered the centrist , " said Mr. Perez Baer , an author and Mr. Perez former Obama administration official , alluding to the progressive Maryland enclave where Mr. Perez lives . At the outset of the forum here , Mr. Perez proclaimed , " I miss Barack Obama a lot , my friends . " Yet he conceded during a television interview that the former president had not paid sufficient attention to   . He also raised eyebrows last week by telling Kansas Democrats that he Mr. Perez the complaint from Mr. Sanders Obama that the primary process had been " rigged . " Mr. Perez after , Mr. Perez wrote Obama he " misspoke " and that Mrs. Clinton " became our Mr. Perez fair and square . " The machinations have seemed rather Mr. Perez , though , in light of the boiling fury toward Mr. Trump . Ben Jealous , the former N. A. A. C. P. president and a supporter of Mr. Perez Ellison , noted that the    progressive group that he helps lead had drawn 500 participants to a rally on the Eastern Shore of Maryland , and another 400 to Western Maryland , both conservative Mr. Jealous said . 
 Mr. Trump 