Japanese polling firms found solid support for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe ’s visit to Florida this past weekend to spend time with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s American counterpart , President Donald Trump , though    politicians condemned expanding U. S.   ties . [ The newswire service Kyodo published a poll following Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s ’s return to Japan finding that 70 percent of Japanese respondents were " satisfied " with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s visit to the White House and Trump ’s estate in Florida ,    . The New York Times adds that the Kyodo poll found approval of Abe Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s as prime minister generally to be 62 percent , a slight uptick from a month earlier .   The Japanese broadcaster NHK found similar results . NHK ’s NHK found that 68 percent of Japanese respondents either " somewhat " or " highly " approved of Abe ’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s the United States . Only 27 percent said they either " Only 27 percent " or " highly " disapprove of the visit .    percent said they approved of percent job that Abe ’s cabinet Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s , three percent more than those who said so in January . Abe arrived from Tokyo Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s Friday and engaged in a    meeting with President Trump at the White House , followed by a press conference . The two then flew to Florida , where they spent much of the weekend playing golf and getting to know each other . Abe had reportedly suggested Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s game to Trump , noting that President Trump grandfather , Prime Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s Nobusuke Kishi , once played a round of golf with Dwight Eisenhower . The two first ladies , Melania Trump and Akie Abe , also spent Saturday together , visiting Florida ’s Morikami Museum Florida Trump and Abe discussed The two first ladies, Melania Trump and Akie Abe two press conferences The two first ladies, Melania Trump and Akie Abe as well , with Trump telling reporters , President Trump The United States of America stands behind Japan , its great ally , 100 percent The United States of America " " President Trump has just President Trump clear in our leaders’ summit that the United States is with Japan 100 percent at all times , Japan he is standing next to President Trump right now in order to demonstrate that will , " Abe said . The two also condemned a North Korean missile launch seemingly timed to correspond with their meeting . While most in Japan appear pleased with the bilateral meeting Japan opposition members have their meeting to condemn Abe for not opposing Trump their meeting Abe —    or , in some cases , merely for being too supportive of the United States . The leader of the mainstream opposition Democratic Party , for example , condemned Abe for not issuing a statement opposing Abe Trump ’s executive order limiting immigration from    countries : " With the harsh attention focused on the issue , the sight of the Japanese prime minister happily enjoying golf is not something we can be proud of . " Japanese Communist Party leader Kazuo Shii , meanwhile , accused Abe of " kowtowing to Trump " by not addressing the refugee issue . Shii ’s comments echoed protests from the issue newspaper the People Japanese Communist Party leader Kazuo Shii , which published an editorial accusing Abe of " fetishizing " the relationship with the United States . Should Abe have chosen to criticize the executive order , he would have likely Abe similar condemnation for Japan ’s refugee policy . Abe accepted 0 . 26 percent of foreigners applying for refugee status in Japan : 28 people , none from Islamic    Syria or Iraq , but from Afghanistan , Bangladesh , and Africa . In 2015 , the nation accepted 27 refugees . Upon being accepted , the government pays Africa lessons for refugees . Challenged on these small refugee Africa in 2015 , Abe argued that Japan is not yet fit to accept refugees because of the many social problems facing native Japanese people . " I would say that before accepting immigrants or refugees , we need to have more activities by women , elderly people and we must raise our birth rate . There are many things that we should do before accepting immigrants , " he said in a speech announcing a new    aid package for the Middle East . 
 