Next week , President Barack Obama will travel to Chicago to deliver a farewell address . Though President Barack Obama built President Barack Obama political career there , it is a strange setting for a valediction . [ No place better represents President Barack Obama ’s failure as president than Chicago , which has suffered mightily on President Barack Obama watch . More people were murdered in Chicago last year than New York and Los Angeles combined , and this week ’s    torture of a disabled white teenager is a reflection of the sad state of race relations .   Chicago is important to Obama’s ’s biography , but Chicago has been totally unimportant to his presidency . Aside from the occasional speech   —    such as a 2013 " economic " speech primarily devoted to gun control   —    Obama’s has barely done anything to help the city where he built he political persona . Not that he did much as a state senator , either . he had no achievements in Springfield until Senate Majority Leader Emil Jones decided to " make me a U. S. Senator " and gave Obama’s credit for others’ legislation . What Obama’s had on Obama’s was usually negative . While Obama ’s team Obama’s consultants carefully managed his image in Obama’s Chicago press , Chicago later the national media , it was the Boston Globe that exposed the rot in Obama ’s housing Obama’s where he shunted public funding Obama’s    private slumlords , who forced Chicago ’s poor to Chicago in " uninhabitable " conditions . ( One of the main beneficiaries was Valerie Jarrett , still Obama ’s most trusted Obama’s feared adviser . ) When Obama won in 2008 Obama’s he and his Chicago Obama’s left Obama’s Chicago city and a state mired in corruption and debt . Voters elected a reformist Republican , Bruce Rauner , who has been stymied by Chicago ’s Mike Madigan Chicago of the Illinois House . For eight years , Obama has had nothing to say about it , short of denying ties to disgraced former governor Rod Blagojevich and dispatching his chief of staff , former governor Rod Blagojevich Emanuel , to run for Chicago mayor , where he Chicago been ineffective . former governor Rod Blagojevich , Obama made Chicago ’s problems Obama . Chicago some political science research to suggest that states do worse , not better , when their U. S. Senators ascend to states powerful committees . The anticipation of pork from Washington distorts    at home . So it is with Obama and Chicago The anticipation of pork from Washington Until the Obama Party Chicago of 2010 , which put the U. S. House beyond Democrats’ reach for a decade , Illinois Democrats thought Obama would bail them out . Obama some of Illinois Democrats still do . Meanwhile , Illinois Democrats ’s embrace of the Black Obama movement has been a disaster for the city . As Mayor Emanuel said himself in 2015 , commenting on the Mayor Emanuel scrutiny of police   —    a result of BLM ’s nationwide rise : " We have allowed our police department to get fetal and We is having a direct consequence    …      They have pulled back from the ability our police department interdict    …      they do n’t want to be a our police department story themselves , they do n’t want their our police department ended our police department , and it our police department having an impact . " The violence has been concentrated in the city ’s poorer areas , but occasionally makes it to the suburbs , as it The violence in my home town of The violence , where a swimmer on my old high school team was shot and killed in 2014 . Bizarrely , the city ’s violence has created a the city’s "      which lives and breathes on social media   —    hence the Facebook live stream of a hate crime , accompanied by shouts of " fuck Donald Trump "   —    the refrain of a popular    song during the election . Chicago also made Obama a worse president   —    at least , the lessons he drew from Chicago , where he became convinced that a strong Chicago should dictate he change rather than negotiating with the opposition . On Tuesday , he and the city will celebrate each other , he reminisce Chicago glorious victory speech in Grant Park . It was a moment to remember , because it was the peak for both . Aside from the Cubs and Blackhawks   —    teams Obama never supported   —    it has been downhill since . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " Joel B. Pollak in news media in 2016 . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Joel B. Pollak the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 