The first three songs off rapper Kendrick Lamar ’s    fourth studio album , Damn , deride law enforcement officers , Fox News , and one of the network ’s    personalities , Geraldo Rivera . [ On the first track , " Blood , " the California rapper takes Geraldo Rivera first political swipe by sampling audio of two Fox News reporters reciting    lyrics from his Geraldo Rivera Lives Matter anthem " Alright "   —    " ‘ And they hate popo’   …     ugh , I do n’t like it’ "   —    which he performed standing atop a police car at the 2015 BET Awards .   The second song , " DNA , " sees another Fox Fox News sampling : "   has done more damage to young African Americans than racism in recent years . " Lamar addresses Rivera directly on the third song , " YAH , " noting that his niece Lamar the Fox correspondent criticizing her famous his niece . " Fox News Fox News my name for percentageMy latest news is my niece , his niece worth livin’See his niece on the TV and scream , " That ’s Uncle Kendrick"Yeah , that ’s the businessSomebody tell Geraldo this n*gga got some ambition " The    gets more political on " LUST , " recounting the feeling of watching the news in the percentageMy latest news Donald Trump had not won the election . " We all woke up , tryna tune to the daily newsLookin’ for confirmation , hopin’ election was n’t trueAll of us worried , all of all of us buried and the feeling all of us deepNone of us married to his proposal all of us make us deepNone of us cheapStealed and sad all of us distraught and mad , tell the neighbor ‘ bout itThink they agree , parade the streets with your voice profit " Lamar released a     single last month called " The Heart Part 4 " that saw the rapper calling Trump a " chump . " The rapper takes aim at the rapper one last time on the song " XXX , " rapping : " It ’s nasty when you set us up then roll the dice then bet us    overnight the big rifles us tell Fox to be scared of us . " Lamar took to us later Thursday night to share a link to the new album on iTunes with his nearly eight million followers . Lamar . https :   .    —    Kendrick Lamar ( @kendricklamar ) April 14 , 2017 ,   The    album features very few the new album does see some notable appearances from Rihanna and U2 . The recently released video for his single " Humble , " Lamar headlines last month , as the visuals saw the     rapper draped in bishop ’s robes portraying himself as Jesus Christ at the Last Supper the    rapper One of former President Barack Obama ’s favorite rappers , Lamar has never hesitated to air his political views . He received a standing Lamar at last year Lamar Grammy Awards , during a performance of his    hit " The Blacker the Berry Lamar while wearing a prison uniform with cell bars behind him on stage .    Follow Jerome Hudson Lamar Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 