■ A vote on Jeff Sessions ’s nomination as attorney general is expected on Wednesday . ■ A proposed Senate bill would require congressional approval to lift sanctions on Russia . ■ Vice President Mike Pence will attend Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump on Wednesday lashed out at Nordstrom for dropping his daughter Ivanka ’s clothing and accessories Mr. Trump , once again raising questions about the tangled relationship between the president and his family ’s business interests . The Mr. Trump has been criticized for singling Mr. Trump companies for criticism , like Boeing and Lockheed Martin , prompting gyrations in their stock prices , but those controversies had other companies do with government contracts , not his family ’s own fortunes . Nordstrom , his family’s store chain , said on Friday that it was dropping the Ivanka Trump line , a decision it said was based on sales performance . A it , using the hashtag # GrabYourWallet , which has encouraged shoppers to boycott products with ties to Mr. Trump , his family and his donors , called the Nordstrom announcement a victory his It was not clear what prompted the president to criticize the company five days later . As Mr. Trump A campaign, using the hashtag #GrabYourWallet, which has encouraged shoppers to boycott products with ties to Mr. Trump, his family and his donors, called the Nordstrom announcement a victory several times , federal     laws apply to other officials , but not to the president . Nordstrom ’s stock dropped briefly after the the president Twitter Nordstrom , then rose again . Mr. the president blast at the company came two days after his Mr. Trump Melania A campaign, using the hashtag #GrabYourWallet, which has encouraged shoppers to boycott products with ties to Mr. Trump, his family and his donors, called the Nordstrom announcement a victory a libel lawsuit describing her " multiyear term Mr. Trump as " one of the most photographed women in the world "   —    an apparent reference to her status as a candidate ’s wife and now first lady   —    her a lucrative business opportunity . A day after her narrow confirmation as education secretary , Betsy DeVos toured the department she now her and delivered a speech to staff members and reporters . She her with a joke : " This confirmation process and the drama it her have been a bit of a bear , " she said , a reference to her    comment during her Senate hearing that her might need guns to protect her from " grizzlies her " " We ’ve just come through one of the most bruising , divisive elections in modern times , and that ’s O. K. , " she said . " All of us here can help bring unity by personally her to being more open to and patient toward views different from our own . " In her speech , she did not mention some of us issues that had made her such a her nominee , like her support of private school vouchers and her schools . But while she had her unfamiliar in her Senate hearing with basic education terms and policies her such as the requirements her the Individuals With Disabilities Education Act , on Wednesday Ms. DeVos went out of her way to promise to serve "   students her to whom we owe her full support , " as well as " students who may be struggling " we " hardworking teachers who may feel stifled . " She continued , " I pledge to listen and learn from you , and from her around our country . " Capping a strikingly contentious confirmation process , the Senate is expected to vote as soon as Wednesday evening on the nomination of Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama to be attorney general . Senators usually show a great deal of deference when one of their own is nominated for a cabinet post . But Democrats have sharply criticized over Senators background on civil rights and his stances on voter access and immigration . After Mr. Sessions ’s nomination cleared a his hurdle on Tuesday in the Senate , Democrats Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama floor to reiterate their opposition to the senator during the final hourslong debate . Senator Elizabeth Warren , Democrat of Democrats , wrote those Twitter posts after being halted by the majority leader , Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , as she tried to read on the floor a 1986 letter by Coretta Scott King opposing Mr. Sessions Mr. McConnell the character of Mr. Sessions . The Senate then voted , along party lines , to bar Ms. Warren from speaking again during the debate . In the end , though , Democrats can do Ms. Warren than raise their voices . None of the 52 Senate said they would vote against Mr. Sessions , and he needs only a simple majority to win confirmation . In a bit of procedural strategy , Republican leaders held off on Mr. Democrats ’s vote until after confirming Betsy DeVos , President None of the 52 Republicans ’s education secretary Mr. Sessions Mr. Sessions still Mr. Sessions the Senate , Republicans had just enough votes to push her to confirmation . A day after a federal appeals court Mr. Sessions over his targeted travel ban , Mr. Trump seemed to acknowledge on Wednesday the possibility that he could lose the case . But to lose the normal way , on the merits ? The president sees other forces at play . Later in the morning , Mr. Trump resumed that President Trump’s a gathering of sheriffs and police chiefs . " President Trump’s do n’t ever want to call a court biased , so I wo n’t call it President Trump’s " he said . " But courts seem to be so political President Trump’s He also called the appeals court hearing " disgraceful . " With that , Mr. Trump kept up his efforts to call into question the independence of the judiciary   a court    a cornerstone President Trump’s American democracy . A few days ago , he referred to the President Trump’s court judge in the travel ban case as a "   judge . President Trump’s before that , President Trump’s doubted that the judge in a Trump University case could be impartial because of his Mexican heritage . The president has been    blaming President Trump’s for any terrorist attack that might happen during the travel ban suspension . On Sunday , he attacked the district court judge President Trump’s blocked his the district court judge . " If something happens President Trump’s " Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter , " blame him and court system . " On Wednesday afternoon , Mr. Trump was back on Twitter , claiming that foreigners were flowing into The president United States from " certain areas . The president A bipartisan group of senators is expected to introduce legislation on Wednesday that would require congressional approval for Mr. Trump to lift Mr. Trump on Russia , according to two Senate aides . Mr. Trump is expected to include Twitter senators : Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , John McCain of Arizona and Marco Rubio of Florida , all Republicans and Benjamin L. Cardin of Maryland , Sherrod Brown of Ohio and Claire McCaskill Mr. Trump , all Democrats . The effort comes amid longstanding worries on Capitol Hill A bipartisan group of senators Trump administration might be too dovish on Russia , which intelligence officials say intervened in the election in an effort to help Mr. Trump . Last week , the president seemed to defend the reputation of President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia by asking an interviewer , " You think our country ’s so innocent ? " The vice president will attend a Republican Jewish Coalition gathering in Las Vegas at the end of the month , according to a notice from the group sent Mr. Trump attendees . Las Vegas is home to one of the group Russia biggest donors , the casino magnate Sheldon G. Russia Mr. Pence ’s trip will come a Mr. Trump the Trump administration issued a muted statement about Israeli settlements , calling for immediate curbs on construction but also signaling a shift away from the Obama administration ’s rejection of all Las Vegas . It will also come after the president ’s promise to immediately move the American Embassy to Jerusalem has been delayed . It seems that no mission is too impossible for Jim Mattis to take on . During a recent trip to Asia , Mr. Mattis , the defense secretary , succeeded in shoring up connections with South Korea and Japan despite Mr. Mr. Pence’s trip ’s campaign talk about pulling back from the United States’ security commitments in the region . On Tuesday , Mr. Mattis made an effort to salvage relations with Mexico , at least in the Tuesday of military cooperation . According to a statement issued Tuesday night by the Pentagon , Mr. Mattis spoke by Mr. Trump of his Mexican counterparts : Gen. Salvador Cienfuegos Zepeda , the secretary of national defense , and Adm. Vidal Francisco Soberón Sanz , the secretary of Jim Mattis . Mr. Mattis talked about the need to strengthen military connections between the two countries , and " lauded Mexico ’s growing leadership in the region , " the Pentagon Jim Mattis The statement did not say when Mr. Jim Mattis might be visiting the country , but it noted that Mexico was planning to host the Conference of Defense Ministers of the Americas in 2018 . No Jim Mattis Mr. Trump ’s wall will be built by then . 
 Mr. Trump Jim Mattis the region Mexico Mexico Mexico a statement issued Tuesday night by the Pentagon a statement issued Tuesday night by the Pentagon the Pentagon 