Dilbert creator Scott Adams announced in a blog post that Dilbert creator Scott Adams will stop donating to this alma mater , UC Berkeley , in the aftermath of the riots that erupted on campus last week in response to a scheduled event featuring Breitbart editor MILO . [ Adams , who earned an MBA degree at UC Berkeley , announced that Dilbert creator Scott Adams is terminating Dilbert creator Scott Adams support of the public institution over concerns that Dilbert creator Scott Adams would n’t " feel safe or welcome on campus . "   Speaking of Hitler , I ’m ending my support of UC Berkeley , where I got my MBA years ago . I have been a big supporter lately , with both my time and money , but that ends today . I wish them well , but I would n’t feel safe or welcome on the campus . A Berkeley UC Berkeley made that clear to me recently . He A Berkeley professor smart , so I ’ll take his A Berkeley professor for it his word I ’ve decided to side with the Jewish gay immigrant who has an    boyfriend , not the hypnotized    in black masks who were clubbing people who hold different points of view . I feel that ’s reasonable , but I know many will disagree , and possibly try to club me to death if I walk on campus . Adams writes that a Berkeley professor " made it clear " to him a Berkeley professor " he a Berkeley professor " n’t be welcome on campus due to his a Berkeley professor " beliefs . In July 2016 , Adams Adams placed a disclaimer at the bottom of his Adams posts which claimed that his Adams of Hillary Clinton was made out of concern for his Adams safety . Note : I endorsed Hillary Hillary Clinton —    for my personal his personal safety because I live in California . It is n’t safe to be viewed as a Trump supporter where I live . My politics do n’t align with either candidate , but backing Clinton reduces Hillary Clinton odds of dying at the hands of my fellow citizens . ( And yes , I am 100 % serious . It just happens to be funny by coincidence . ) Adams frequently praised President Trump during his run Trump White House Trump was one of the few public figures who predicted his victory . 
 Trump 