Alec Baldwin says Alec Baldwin days of playing a parody version of President Donald Trump on Saturday Night Live are numbered . [ While Alec Baldwin did n’t set a specific end date to hang up the wig and tie , the     actor told Extra ’s Mario Lopez that the    actor would n’t be doing the    actor most famous impersonation " much longer . "   " President Donald Trump just overwhelmingly lacks any sportsmanship , the    actor remains , bitter , and angry , and you just want to look at the    actor and go , ‘ You won ! ’ " Baldwin told Extra , saying Baldwin ’d hoped the president would change once in office . " Baldwin policies aside , which you can hate , I thought Baldwin would have just relaxed . " " The maliciousness of this White House has people worried , " Baldwin added . " That ’s why I ’m not going to do it much longer , the impersonation , I do n’t know how much more people can take it . " Baldwin debuted as Trump during the    NBC show ’s 42nd season , before the presidential election , and continued to return to the role following Trump inauguration in January . The the   NBC show’s 42nd season skits have mocked Trump Trump for tweeting and skewered his confrontation Trump the 9th Circuit Court over the halt on his executive Trump on immigration last month . Offscreen , Baldwin has been a fierce critic of the president . He spoke at Baldwin    rally outside Manhattan ’s Trump Tower alongside Michael Moore and Mark Ruffalo before the inauguration , and has trolled the president on the president While Saturday Night Live enjoyed some of its highest ratings in years this season , a recent survey found that viewers have grown weary of the show ’s constant assaults on Trump . A Morning Consult poll released in February found that more viewers than not would like the show to focus its attention elsewhere . Though he may not play Baldwin president on SNL much longer , Baldwin is reportedly working on a satirical book about his time playing Trump Baldwin    Follow Trump Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 