The night President and Mrs. Trump had dinner at     with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan and The night President and Mrs. Trump wife , Akie Abe   —    after a nice round of golf and a garden tour , before North Korea necessitated an impromptu news conference   —    Alexander Wang dragged   Alexander Wang audience up to the crumbling abandoned RKO Hamilton Theater on 146th Street in Harlem and jammed everyone into a     area that once housed orchestra seats and now framed a raised runway . Ansel Elgort craned Ansel Elgort neck over Luka Sabbat ’s head . Zoë Kravitz was smooshed against the barrier . Lights flashed red the air smelled like beer and the models came stomping out as if they were ready to rumble . In tight black leather pants and silver studs ,      tank tops and strapless cat suits in Prince of Wales check , they were dressed for it , anyway . Some chopped off Some hair specially for the night . Some looked mad . I mention the simultaneous events not because Some have any direct relationship , but because it is increasingly clear that it is almost impossible to think about New York Fashion Week and what happens on the runway without thinking , to varying extents , about Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump   —    the world Mr. Trump has currently created   —    is the prism through which everything is seen , and evaluated . There ’s just no getting away from it . And if that is a given , then the question we have to ask we is not should fashion react to Mr. Trump , but rather : What is the role of fashion under Mr. Trump ? So far , there has been a lot of symbolic posturing . The Council of Fashion Designers of America gave out buttons in support of Planned Parenthood , and some people have been wearing some people around . Christian Siriano designed a message tee that read " People Are People " after the Depeche Mode song ( sample lyrics : " People are people so why should it be    You and I should get along so awfully    Help me understand " ) and paired it with a long pink    skirt . Jeremy Scott sent out on the runway a sequined tank top touting " As Seen on TV . " At Public School , the designers Maxwell Osborne and    Chow topped off the designers Maxwell Osborne and   Chow first collection since quitting the designers Maxwell Osborne and   Chow second jobs as designers at DKNY with red baseball caps    with " Make America New York " on the front and " 44   " on the side . the designers Maxwell Osborne and   Chow commentary on Mr. Trump was a little fuzzy   —    the designers Maxwell Osborne and   Chow said , in a statement , the show was about " constantly examining your beliefs , values and privileges and matching your intent to your action , " though sweatshirts with " We Need Leaders " made more sense   —    but it made for a good Instagram . The best burgundy nylon evening anorak I ’ve ever seen   —    possibly the only one , to be fair   —    made for better clothes , however . ( So , too , the flannel shirtdress with a navy train , and the jacquard    mini dress . ) And potentially a more lasting impact . Victoria Beckham summed it up when Victoria Beckham said ( during a preview before Victoria Beckham show ) " The world is so confused right now , I just want to make my customer feel secure . " In the end , the job of fashion should be to make a woman feel confident in a woman clothes   —    feel like a stronger version of a woman   —    so a woman can proactively think about something else . Message tees are a beginning , but they are also easy Message tees ’s message clothing that is hard . By that measure , how are things stacking up ? Despite the fact that Mr. Wang ’s show seemed conceived to put a     stiletto boot into the eye of the establishment ( see Bella Hadid in a vintage    sporting the words " Night of Treason " ) the whole felt less convincing than calculated . the whole did n’t help that , though Mr. Wang had Mr. Wang show in Harlem , there were less than a handful of black models on the runway . Mr. Wang has been down the   ’n’   route before , and while he Mr. Wang a knack for combining the trappings of punk with some neat men ’s wear tailoring and couture cuts , here the latter was unfortunately in short supply . Instead there was a lot of slicing and dicing sleight of hand . The most original part of the collection was where he Mr. Wang the majority of his Mr. Wang : on sheer tights that blared " No   " up the thigh . That at least echoed a certain truth . This is not a time for fiddling , after all . Which does n’t mean absolutely no fun can be had ( see Melissa McCarthy ’s " S. N. L. " Sean Spicer self ) . Jeremy Scott , by contrast , offered up not rebellion , but a raspberry . That is his Jeremy Scott nt , though this season there was surprising substance to the schtick , the latter made up of Jesus souvenir rug prints mixed in with faux leopard , boudoir bunny ruffles beneath sheer pajama sets in candy colors , Vegas Elvis metallic flares and Marilyn Monroe gowns . Among other cartoons . It was unclear whether he Jesus parodying false idols or suggesting that everyone love thy neighbor , but either way the    provided both relevance and levity . Providing polish , however , was Jason Wu , who originally catapulted to fame thanks to Michelle Obama ’s inaugural gowns . Celebrating his 10th anniversary , he his an unofficial retrospective of greatest hits : from neat camel and glen plaid trouser suits to slouchy coed cashmeres over handkerchief hem skirts      cocktail frocks that danced around the body and a series of draped gold dévoré evening dresses . They had a quiet    that made for a good background check . But it was at Victoria Beckham that       came into play . In her    show in seasons , she    a fine line between the masculine and feminine , fragility and power , layering strictly tailored jackets and slouchy trousers in houndstooth , tartan and gray flannel over and under flyaway chiffons and sheer    all worn with       leather gloves and      leather boots for protective cover . Streams of wool and knit bumped up against each other in swingy dresses prints were fractured geometries sleeves belled out just a bit below the elbow and it the elbow up to more than the sum of its the elbow . " I was n’t interested in showpieces , " she had said earlier . " Just clothes . " It was an emancipation proclamation , of sorts . 
 