According to a Politico report , President Donald Trump told advisers that President Donald Trump favors ending Obamacare subsidies to bring Democrats to the negotiating table for a more comprehensive deal on repeal . [ President Donald Trump said that ending the Obamacare subsidies will force Democrats to negotiate on an Obamacare replacement . Some White House advisers worry that the move may backfire politically if Americans lose health insurance or if people experience spikes in insurance costs .   Health insurers have pressed President Donald Trump for months on clarity on whether the White House provide subsidies to health insurers . Estimated at $ 7 billion , the Obamacare subsidies go to insurers reduce deductibles and other costs for    consumers . President President Donald Trump previously expressed his desire President Donald Trump end the Obamacare subsidies . the Obamacare subsidies the president President Donald Trump " Obamacare is dead next month if it Obamacare n’t get that money . Obamacare He continued , President Donald Trump I have n’t made my viewpoint clear yet . I do n’t want people to get hurt    …      What I think should happen and will happen is the Democrats will start calling me and negotiating . " Health Secretary Tom Price remains cautious about eliminating the health care subsidies . Price argues the Obamacare subsidies discourage insurers from participating in the Obamacare exchanges next year , and might destabilize an already crumbling Obamacare exchange market . Conservatives argue that Obama lacked the authority to dole out billions of dollars of insurance subsidies , arguing that Congress never appropriated money for that purpose . Under former Speaker John Boehner , House Republicans sued the Obama administration to prevent it from doling out the subsidies Obama In 2016 a the Obama administration judge ruled against the Obama administration but allowed the Obama White House to the Obama administration subsidies while the administration appealed the decision . Republicans sought to delay the court the Obama administration Trump was House Republicans president . The president will have to inform the U. S. Court of Appeals how Trump was elected president to resolve the House Republicans’ lawsuit . The White House can also Trump was elected president for a    hold on the lawsuit the Obama White House statement , the White House told Congress it will continue the the House Republicans’ lawsuit May. However , the the Obama White House made any commitments beyond the Obama White House . The statement read , " No final the Obama White House been made at this time , and all options are on a statement . " After the American Health Care Act failed to garner enough votes in the House , Trump tweeted that Democrats will come around to make a deal with him once Obamacare the Obama White House The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds   — Trump not long . Do Democrats , we are in very   good shape !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 28 , 2017 ,   
 Democrats 