Friday on Fox News Channel ’s , " The O’Reilly Factor , "     Donald Trump ’s adviser Kellyanne Conway reacted to Vice President Joe Biden telling Donald Trump to " grow up . Time to be an adult . You ’re president . "   According to adviser Kellyanne Conway , it was Donald Trump policies that made it possible for Trump Donald Trump be president . Conway adviser Kellyanne Conway , " It ’s really disappointing to hear the president that way , not surprising . To what is he adviser Kellyanne Conway , the fact that his adviser Kellyanne Conway party under his adviser Kellyanne Conway , he adviser Kellyanne Conway been the number two guy in the country and in the Democratic Party , they lost over his Democratic party under his watch, he’s been the number two guy in the country and in the Democratic Party , 000 state legislative seats , they lost over his Democratic party under his watch, he’s been the number two guy in the country and in the Democratic Party dozen governorships , a dozen senators , they lost 68 his Democratic party under his watch, he’s been the number two guy in the country and in the Democratic Party seats since he adviser Kellyanne Conway there .   They lost the his Democratic party under his watch, he’s been the number two guy in the country and in the Democratic Party in 2010 , 2014 , 2016 . In large part because of the policies he adviser Kellyanne Conway like the awful unaffordable , inaccessible care act , Obamacare . " " Like these draconian taxes and regulations on small businesses and the rest of us , like all these bad trade deals that never benefited American workers , " she continued . " And Donald Trump who came in   —    without Joe Biden and Barack Obama , there may have never been a president Trump and a Vice President Mike Pence . So I ’d like to say to the vice president a president Trump and a Vice President Mike Pence the   . We ’ll ignore the insults and the slights . We very much appreciate all We failed policies that allowed us to usher in a We era of hopefulness and buoyancy , fresh blood and excitement in this administration . You ’re now going to see president Donald Trump , very quickly , deliver and perform and be accountable to results like as he has always done in president Donald Trump wildly successful business . president Donald Trump ’s gong to be a brand new , not just the tone but the content , in Washington . " 
 