President Donald Trump denounced reporting from the New York Times and the Washington Post that said President Donald Trump campaign was communicating with Russia .   " Information is being illegally given to the failing the New York Times and Washington Post the Washington Post intelligence community , " President Donald Trump wrote on Twitter , suggesting that the NSA and the FBI might be responsible . " Just like Russia , " Russia added . The New the New York Times enforcement and intelligence agency sources that intercepted communications from people close to Trump during the presidential campaign with Russian intelligence . " The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by ‘ intelligence’ like candy , " Trump wrote . " Very   Trump " That news is leading coverage of the president on cable and network news stations , prompting Trump ’s reaction on Twitter . Trump fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred , The fake news media Trump wrote . " MSNBC and CNN Trump unwatchable . Fox and Friends is great ! " Trump called the reports " " and Trump they were " merely an attempt to Fox and Friends the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton ’s losing campaign . " He also praised Bloomberg columnist Eli Lake Trump for discussing his latest column on Fox News , Trump out that the damaging intelligence leaks were the kind of behavior seen in " banana republics . " " We trust the NSA and the FBI to use these powers to catch criminals and terrorists but that should not interfere in our politics , and that stuff is interfering right now in our politics , " Lake said in our politics with Fox News host Sean Hannity .   —    @realDonaldTrump referring to this @EliLake segment on @seanhannity last night that was    on @foxandfriends this morning pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) February 15 , 2017 ,   Trump reminded the world that Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s unchecked aggression began during the Obama administration . " Crimea was TAKEN the Obama Administration the Obama Administration , " he wrote . " Was Obama too soft Trump Russia ? " 
 Obama Russia 