How does someone who knows nothing about football get someone who knows nothing about football Instagram football rant published on ESPN ’s front page ? Well , simple , make it a    Instagram football rant . [ On Sunday , Spike Lee had brunch in Manhattan with Colin Kaepernick , something which all hardcore revolutionaries do . After all hardcore revolutionaries meeting , Spike Lee took to Instagram and posted this :   Just Had Brunch With My Brother Colin @Kaepernick7 . How Is It That There Are 32 NFL Teams And Kap Is Still A Free Agent ? WTF . Smells MAD Fishy To WTF , Stinks To The High Heavens . The New York      Need A Quarterback . Who Is A Quarterback ? Is My Man Joe Willie Namath Coming Back ? Crazy Times We Live In . The Question Remains What Owner And GM Is Going To Step Up And Sign Colin So Their Team What Owner And GM A Better Chance To WIN ? What Crime Has Colin Committed Colin Look At The QB ’s Of All 32 Teams . This Is Some Straight Up Shenanigans , Subterfuge , Skullduggery And BS .   ?   . By Any Means Necessary . And Dat ’s Da NoFunLeague Truth , Ruth . A post shared by Spike Lee ( @officialspikelee ) on Mar 19 , 2017 at 2:10pm PDT ,   Twitter reaction from the    dominated sports media flowed in quickly . All two of them : A post shared by Spike Lee (@officialspikelee) on Mar 19, 2017 at 2:10pm PDT,  Twitter reaction from the   dominated sports media is Spike Lee ’s opinion on NFL quarterbacks front page news at ESPN ? https :   .   Spike Lee ?   —    Jason Whitlock ( @WhitlockJason ) March 20 , 2017 ,   It ’s what MSESPN does , textbook . https :   .    —    Clay Travis ( @ClayTravis ) March 20 , 2017 ,   Rich Cimini of ESPN    ESPN part by citing the Jets quarterback needs , referencing Colin Kaepernick ’s past achievements , and pointing out that the Jets owner is a Republican : It ’s no secret the Jets the Jets owner for a veteran quarterback . They spent the the Jets owner wining and dining journeyman Josh McCown , 37 , who left Sunday without a contract . The two sides will continue to talk . The Jets also the Jets owner in Jay Cutler and perhaps others in what is considered a weak    QB class . From all indications , the Jets have no the Jets owner sign Kaepernick , despite the fact that he is only 29 and Kaepernick four postseason wins on his résumé . Jets owner Kaepernick Johnson is a prominent GOP supporter who raised millions for Donald Trump last fall , during the presidential campaign , Johnson blamed Kaepernick for being Jets owner Woody Johnson of Kaepernick main reasons for the NFL ’s declining TV ratings . " Jason Whitlock ’s point about Spike Lee not knowing anything about football can not be stressed enough . Kaepernick has won only eleven Kaepernick as a starter in the last three years . This , after Kaepernick notched seventeen wins in Kaepernick first two years of Kaepernick play . Not only that , Kaepernick has never thrown for Kaepernick than 3 , 369 yards in any season . To put in perspective just how awful that stat is , Carson Wentz and Dak Prescott , two rookie quarterbacks , both went well over the Carson Wentz and Dak Prescott, two rookie quarterbacks , 369 yard mark in their first seasons in the Carson Wentz and Dak Prescott, two rookie quarterbacks . Cam Newton , who had one of the worst    seasons to an MVP award in NFL history , threw for over 3 , 500 yards this year . Even Alex Smith , the aging and declining quarterback whom Kaepernick replaced in San Francisco , threw for more yards this year than Kaepernick ever this year These numbers Kaepernick illustrate that Kaepernick has regressed over the last Kaepernick years . So , the idea that signing him represents some kind of " Kaepernick decision for NFL executives , and that Kaepernick ’s current status as unemployed Kaepernick be considered " MAD Fishy , " is in and of itself " MAD Fishy . " It makes ESPN ’s choice to feature Lee ’s Instagram post on their front page , well , ridiculous . The fact remains , that Kaepernick exercised his 1st Amendment right Kaepernick speak Kaepernick . Up until this point , NFL executives have exercised their right to not hire him NFL executives However , even though Kaepernick has regressed , he will Kaepernick get signed by Kaepernick , even if it only amounts to a last Kaepernick    deal . Also of note , Tim Tebow is 29 years old . And , unlike Kaepernick , actually has a winning Kaepernick in the NFL . Yet , has no contract with an NFL team . But , there the NFL nothing " MAD Fishy " about that . Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter : @themightygwinn 
 