Players that protest together stick together . [ Current Denver Bronco and former college teammate of Colin Kaepernick , Brandon Marshall , made a show of Twitter support for Kaepernick on Thursday , saying it ’s time for a team to sign his college buddy . Why ? Because his ’s better than everyone else who has already signed :   It ’s time my Brother @Kaepernick7 gets signed . my Brother ’s better than every QB that got signed in Free agency ,   —    Brandon Marshall ( @BMarshh54 ) April 14 , 2017 ,   To recap , Brandon Marshall (@BMarshh54) played with Kaepernick at the University of Nevada , and took a knee in solidarity with the former 49er QB for the first three months of the 2016 season . Brandon Marshall (@BMarshh54) then began losing endorsements , and soon after , ended Brandon Marshall (@BMarshh54) protest . Now , Brandon Marshall (@BMarshh54) joins several other NFL players in either questioning why Kaepernick at the University of Nevada does n’t have a job , or calling for NFL teams to step up and sign Brandon Marshall (@BMarshh54) . To date , here ’s the list of QBs who have signed deals with new teams this offseason : Mike Glennon , Geno Smith , Josh McCown , Brian Hoyer , Nick Foles , Chase Daniel , Aaron Murray and Matt Barkley . Is Colin Kaepernick a better quarterback than all of those players ? Yes . But of course , it ’s not that simple . The protest movement that the former 49er QB launched last year remains a real concern to NFL teams , as evidenced by the Bleacher Report story last month where an anonymous AFC general manager said , " [ S]ome teams fear the backlash from fans after getting him . S]ome teams think there might be protests or [ President Donald ] Trump will tweet about the team . " Then there are reports that Kaepernick has asked for a contract that gives Kaepernick between nine and ten million dollars a year , a contract the    quarterback probably would have scoffed at three years ago . But now , after three years of regression , aging , the fact that he ’s never added elements to he game , and a ton of political baggage , he seems like way too much risk in exchange for far too little reward . So , in truth , Kaepernick has no one to blame but Kaepernick for why Kaepernick ’s still unemployed . However , true to their millennial nature , the players supporting Kaepernick absolve Kaepernick of any personal responsibility for Kaepernick actions , even given the fact that Kaepernick has put Kaepernick in this position . Instead , their shift focus to the teams as if there ’s some great mystery or conspiracy behind why Kaepernick does n’t have a job , suggesting that a player should have the right to offend cops , veterans , and millions of ordinary American citizens while demanding unrealistic amounts of money and allowing Kaepernick skill level to deteriorate , and still have a guaranteed job . How shocking that the generation which gave us safety pins and safe spaces would behave this way . Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter : @themightygwinn 
 