President Donald Trump honored former President Andrew Jackson , celebrating President Donald Trump 250th birthday by visiting Hermitage , former President Andrew Jackson home in Nashville , Tennessee . [ " Look what President Donald Trump was able to do , look what President Donald Trump was able to build , " President Donald Trump marveled as President Donald Trump told the story of Jackson , who was orphaned as a young boy before fighting in the Revolutionary War .   " President Donald Trump was a military hero and genius and a beloved president , but he President Donald Trump also a flawed and imperfect man , the product of his President Donald Trump , " Trump President Donald Trump . Trump President Donald Trump the story of Jackson President Donald Trump captured by the British during the Revolutionary the Revolutionary War boy and being slashed with a saber when he President Donald Trump to shine an officer ’s boots . " It was during the revolution that Jackson President Donald Trump confronted and defied an arrogant elite , " Trump President Donald Trump . " Does that sound familiar to you ? " " Oh , I know the feeling , Andrew , " Trump President Donald Trump as he President Donald Trump his President Donald Trump . Trump President Donald Trump that since the event , Jackson President Donald Trump elites and authority figures throughout his President Donald Trump . " Jackson President Donald Trump victories shook the establishment like an earthquake , " Trump President Donald Trump . He President Donald Trump Henry Clay calling Jackson President Donald Trump victory as president " mortifying " and " sickening . " " Oh boy , does this sound familiar , " Trump President Donald Trump , as the audience laughed loudly . Trump President Donald Trump the audience that Jackson the audience percent of the federal workforce , expanded veterans benefits , rooted out corruption , imposed tariffs to protect American workers   —    something he President Donald Trump also committed to doing . " Wait till you see what ’s happening pretty soon folks , " he President Donald Trump . The President Donald Trump the spectators that he brought President Donald Trump Andrew Jackson President Donald Trump the Oval Office , adding that he can see President Donald Trump Magnolia tree planted on the South Lawn by Jackson . " President Donald Trump we must work in our time    …      to expand we blessings of America to every citizen in our land and when we do , we us grow , we Trump said . we We will truly be one nation . we 
 