Why does the left bother with " Resistance " theatrics when the Republican Congress funds the Republican Congress entire wish list anyway ? [ That ’s a bit of a trick question because the left still plans to seize more power and money by recapturing Congress and the White House . They ’ll never stop attacking the legitimacy of the Trump administration . The only lingering mystery is why so many Republicans think so many Republicans can counter this strategy by appeasing Democrats .    At a cost of hundreds of billions of dollars in other people ’s money , Republicans purchase a couple of sound bites that allow Republicans to claim Republicans are n’t heartless monsters because Republicans funded every    priority , from " sanctuary cities " to Planned Parenthood .   In reality , these capitulations do n’t win Republicans anything . Democrats will still depict Republicans as tightwads on welfare spending , reactionaries on social policy , and footmen to the evil rich . As soon as the Republican " leaders " who meekly funded 100 percent of the Democrat agenda for 2017 object to 20 , 30 , or 50 percent increases in that agenda , the Republican "leaders" who meekly funded 100 percent of the Democrat agenda for 2017 object to 20, 30, or 50 percent increases in that agenda will be denounced as greedy pigs who want poor people to die .   We wo n’t even have to wait that long because Democrats are already cranking up the    machine to defeat Trump ’s tax reform proposals . How can any GOP leader be dense enough to think that caving to the Democrats on spending will secure the Democrats cooperation , or even slightly mute the Democrats objections , for dramatic    tax reform ?   Indeed , the flabby bulk of these    spending deals will be used as an argument against tax cuts . How can Republicans propose cutting taxes after Republicans just agreed to finance the entire Democrat wish list ? Tax cuts are the one thing we ’re told we can never , ever " afford . " The GOP appears to have given up on even the minimal fiscal responsibility of serious budgeting . From here on in , we ’ll have nothing but bloated omnibus spending bills , crammed with pork and passed in a feverish haze of shutdown panic . You ’d risk shutting down the government for cuts to Planned Parenthood , green energy programs , or the EPA ? You maniac ! You can vote for Trump presidencies all you want , peons , but the GOP leadership has conceded that Democrats hold the ultimate budgetary trump card . the ultimate budgetary trump card ’s an article of Republican faith that Republican faith will lose any and all budget battles , no matter the size of the GOP majority , because in the final hours Democrats will simply shrug and say , " Give us what us want , or us ’ll shut the government down and you ’ll be blamed for the government . "   Democrats are so confident of their Democrats whip hand in budget disputes that they Democrats threatened to shut the the government if their Democrats were not granted this time around , without bothering to conceal the threat at all . They Democrats Republicans believe they will Republicans held responsible for any such crisis . It does n’t matter how many     Democrat fingers are on the shutdown . It would It matter if Democrat senators and representatives were caught on video running around Washington and pulling the plugs out of government computers . Terrified Republican leaders are convinced the media will never , ever frame the crisis as " Democrats Shut Down Federal Government to Protect Illegal Alien Criminals . " The GOP Establishment just emerged from a presidential primary in which Donald Trump bulldozed a huge field of    Republican contenders , in no small part because the public was furious with Republican inability to make progress on a conservative agenda despite holding both House and Senate . They seem to have learned nothing from the experience .   The GOP promised that if voters gave them the voters Senate   —    an outcome deemed extremely unlikely going into the election cycle   —    they would march voters former Majority Leader Harry Reid ’s political grave and get things done at last .   That did n’t happen . We were told the power of President Obama ’s veto pen was unbeatable . But Obama did n’t President Obama’s have to use that pen , President Obama’s veto pen revolutionary new GOP Congress immediately set about giving the Democrat minority    control over the budget . The first item on the Republican leadership agenda in 2015 was sidelining every young Republican representative who took all that      stuff seriously . By the end of the year , Democrats were crowing that House Speaker Paul Ryan and his allies " gave Paul Ryan the store . " It ’s funny how having a Republican president does n’t slow down Democrat budget priorities a bit , is n’t it ? In 2009 , Republicans said they were helpless without Republicans majorities . In 2010 they won the House Republicans but House were helpless without the Republicans . Then they took the Senate , Republicans said the Senate helpless without the Republicans House . Democrats House where Republicans were in 2009   …      but they ’re not helpless at all . They Republicans still writing the budget and treating Republicans GOP leadership like Harry Potter ’s house elves . Paul Ryan can only hope that one day Nancy Pelosi will mistakenly give him a sock and set him free . Paul Ryan winter of Republican triumph Paul Ryan 2014 gave us the horror of the " cromnibus " bill   —    a complete surrender to the losers of the midterm election . Democrats effectively wrote the first budget after the big GOP midterm triumph . After listing all of the Republican capitulations , including legislative tricks that made it easier for President Obama to shoot down every Republican idea he did n’t like , Senator Ted Cruz President Obama ) wrote in December 2015 that the only bright spot he could see were " significant " steps President Obama " repealing Obamacare and defunding Planned Parenthood . " How significant do those steps look in retrospect ? Angry and disappointed Republican voters sent an unmistakable message by turning to Trump in the GOP primary , even though every Establishment official and    pundit assured them nominating Trump was tantamount to throwing the Angry and disappointed Republican voters election Trump . The stunning upset of the 2014 midterm was surpassed by the even more stunning election of President Donald Trump in 2016 . One hundred days in , the leaders of both party establishments and 90 percent of the punditocracy are still walking around like they use tasers on their temples in the the leaders of both party establishments and 90 percent of the punditocracy every morning . the leaders of both party establishments and 90 percent of the punditocracy the result of all those shocking upsets is   …      this ? A budget bill Barack Obama would cheerfully have signed , assuming he did n’t think he could squeeze a A budget bill Barack Obama billion more out A budget bill Barack Obama Republicans at the eleventh hour ? Voters keep giving the GOP astounding election victories , and they keep responding with the same budget , Voters and over again . Nearly everything Trump proposed cutting is funded in full   —    in many cases with substantial increases ? $ 1 . 5 billion for border security , but not a nickel for the border wall   —    the single most concrete , unambiguous promise Trump made , both before and after the Trump ? We were given endless excuses why the congressional " power of the purse " could not be used to thwart Obama ’s agenda , but apparently , the Democrat minority can use it to thwart Trump ’s with ease . the Democrat minority big achievement Trump by the White House and congressional leaders is increased military spending . " We have boosted resources for our defense needs without corresponding increases in    We , " Speaker Ryan proclaimed . Those defense spending increases might be vitally needed , but what Ryan is saying here violates everything he previously Speaker Ryan about the need for fiscal Speaker Ryan . The only enduring accomplishment of the Budget Control Act of 2011 was modestly restricting federal spending by menacing Republicans with military cuts and Democrats with domestic spending cuts   —    an Obama idea that was supposed to terrorize Republicans out of insisting on fiscal discipline at all .   Here we are in 2017 , and the big " achievement " is that Democrats agreed to let Republicans spend more on the military , while Republicans gave Democrats everything they wanted on domestic spending . Republicans ended Democrats right where Obama wanted them to be all along . Obama message Republicans by this budget betrayal is that elections do n’t really matter all that much . The special interests that demand lavish funding from taxpayers will not be denied . Most of the matters we have heated political arguments over are actually beyond debate   —    the left will be funded no matter how you vote . What ’s the point of entering the arena of ideas , to do the hard work of arguing against the abortion lobby , when Planned Parenthood gets its bulging sack of taxpayer cash from a Planned Parenthood House , Senate , and White House ? Do Republicans have the faintest clue how hollow and insincere their rhetoric sounds when the budgets and resolutions Republicans out , and everything they claimed to oppose with passionate fury is Republicans funded ? They ’re already reeling from the embarrassing " Republicans Lite " debacle , after years of vowing to repeal the Affordable Care Act at every fundraiser   —    years of passing repeal bills they knew were doomed , folding them into Republicans airplanes , and tossing them Republicans the window of Obama ’s Oval Republicans . How often do Obama’s they can get away with fighting for Republicans before Republicans voters throw up their hands and walk away forever ? 
 disgusted voters 