WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    Vice President Mike Pence highlighted the nearly 2 million Americans who have dropped Obamacare this year in a Tuesday speech to employees at U. S. Health and Human Services ahead of meetings with lawmakers at the White House and on Capitol Hill . [ The Vice President called the " ongoing collapse " of Obamacare   —    the " death spiral "   —    one of the most pressing issues facing Americans today . " This will be the North Star of our Administration , " Pence said of improving the healthcare system .   " We are going to repeal and replace Obamacare , " The Vice President said , citing the broken promises of the Affordable Care Act . While discussing the promise that premiums would go down , Pence referenced a report that revealed premiums have instead skyrocketed under Obamacare   —    more than doubling for the average American . " While costs are soaring   …     choices are plummeting . Insurance companies are pulling out of Obamacare left and right , " said Pence . A chart displayed above Pence read , " Only 10 million enrolled , 28 million still uninsured . " He also referenced the 1 . 9 million Americans that signed up for plans on the Obamacare exchanges , but have not followed through on paying Americans premiums . This figure comes from a new Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ) report released on Monday , detailing the 10 . 3 million who have paid their premiums as of March 15 , out of the 12 . 2 million who have signed up . Pence described meeting Julie Champine on a recent trip to Wisconsin . Pence described meeting Julie Champine on a recent trip to Wisconsin recalled Julie Champine story of losing health insurance and Julie Champine doctor while Julie Champine faced health issues . Julie Champine was forced to sign up for an Obamacare plan which in 2016 cost more than $ 9 , 000 in premiums for Julie Champine family and carries a $ 13 , 000 deductible . Champine ’s plan premium increased another $ 2 , 600 this year , said Pence . " Julie told me that Julie Obamacare health insurance plan costs more than Julie mortgage and Julie ca n’t even afford to use her Obamacare health insurance plan , " said Pence . A few months back Julie dropped her Obamacare health insurance plan for a few months in order to afford Christmas presents for Julie kids . Pence remarked how important the men and women who serve in U. S. Health and Human Services are and thanked them the men and women who serve in U. S. Health and Human Services their the men and women who serve in U. S. Health and Human Services . HHS Secretary Dr. Tom Price said before introducing Pence , that the work of HHS HHS beyond the border of the United States and recalled a recent trip to Liberia . He HHS Secretary Dr. Tom Price U. S. efforts to beat back Ebola in Africa . Price remarked of the challenges Americans face when it comes to obtaining quality health care . He HHS Secretary Dr. Tom Price the goal of getting us to a healthcare system where Americans can afford health care and health coverage . He HHS Secretary Dr. Tom Price of stabilizing markets , opening up enrollment options and    …      with the goal of installing a more    healthcare system . " The Affordable Care Act took a lot of power away from the states , " added Price who said they are continuing to make progress on innovations . In early May , health insurer Aetna pulled out of yet another state ’s individual market , Virginia . CNN Money reported that the health insurer Aetna massive losses under Obamacare as the reason why . Within days , Fox Business reported that Aetna would health insurer Aetna out of Obamacare exchanges Obamacare by 2018 . After passing through the U. S. House of Representatives , the American Health Care Act sits waiting for a vote on the floor of the U. S. Senate . The bill a vote on the floor of the U. S. Senate to roll back much of President Barack Obama ’s signature health insurance mandate . The bill has a vote on the floor of the U. S. Senate as the first of several phases to dismantle Obamacare . Obamacare Trump has often stated that Obamacare is Obamacare a " death spiral " under which healthcare premiums continue to skyrocket . He has promised to President Trump Obamacare . Obamacare his speech , the President Trump President is President Trump White House for lunch with President Trump and members of Congress . Afterward , Pence will join lawmakers for the Senate Republican Policy lunch and hold additional meetings . 
 