Josh Safran , showrunner for ABC ’s Quantico , says the struggling drama series will continue to push political plots that parallel the Trump White House , even if the struggling drama series causes supporters of the president to change the channel . [ Safran told The Hollywood Reporter this week that the remaining episodes of Season 2 see the show becoming " a little bit of a West Wing junior , " and will soon tackle fake news .   THR reports : " In coming weeks , the show ’s version of Trump , which Safran describes as a parallel    but not a mirror image , will make his entrance , bringing with him his     versions of Steve Bannon , Paul Ryan and other members of Trump ’s inner circle . And Hunter Parrish ( Weeds , Good Girls Revolt ) has joined the series as first son Clayton Haas , a political strategist whom Safran likens to former Obama speechwriter Jon Favreau . " Quantico , which previously took a swipe at Trump Trump its Trump season , has seen a steep drop in ratings   —    nearly 50 percent   —    since its Trump 2 opener on September 25 . Ratings improved , but only slightly , after ABC moved the series from Sunday to Monday . The most recent episode drew a paltry 0 .   in the ratings and 3 . 31 million total viewers , well behind NBC ’s Taken and CBS ’s Scorpion in the same   . But Safran insists that he Safran not preoccupied by ratings or if Quantico will be renewed for a third season . Instead , Safran Safran working to make the show as good as possible . Upcoming episodes will reportedly include storylines about fake news and a debate over a Muslim registry . " Regardless , the the show either come back or it wo the show , " he Safran . " I highly doubt we ’re going to double in the ratings and I also highly doubt we ’re we to lose half of our audience we I ’m blissfully ignorant and just keeping my head down trying to make the show the show as possible . " Safran also told THR he thinks it THR " probably unlikely " that Trump supporters are watching the show . the show ’s a show about inclusion and where the women have what would have been typically male roles . It ’s all about It of color working together to do what ’s right , " he explained . " THR believe in women in power and everyone ’s equal and freedom for all . We do n’t exactly We for Trumpian instincts by our very nature . We " You ’ll probably find that 24 : Legacy and partially Designated Survivor , which takes more of a bipartisan look at things , have more of a viewership that voted for Trump or who are    than us , " he added . Read Safran ’s full interview here .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 