For anyone wondering how former President Barack Obama is adjusting to life under the Trump administration , know this : former President Barack Obama seems to be doing just fine . Mr. Obama and former President Barack Obama wife , Michelle Obama , took a vacation to the British Virgin Islands , where Mr. Obama and his wife, Michelle Obama have been hosted by Mr. Branson . On Tuesday , Mr. Branson published a blog post , along with photos and video , showing Mr. Obama learning to kitesurf . Yes , he seems to be doing just fine . Mr. Mr. Obama wrote that Mr. Obama spent two days Mr. Branson to stay afloat Mr. Obama kitesurfing . " Being the former president of America , there was lots of security around , but Barack was able to really relax and get into it , " Mr. Branson wrote . While Mr. Obama was enjoying the Mr. Branson the waves , his vice Mr. Obama Joseph R. Biden Jr. announced details of his    Mr. Biden of Pennsylvania ’s Penn Biden Center for Diplomacy and Global Mr. Biden , a new effort " focused principally on diplomacy , foreign policy and national security , " the university   announced on Tuesday . Mr. Biden said in a statement : " The Penn Biden Center and I will be engaging with Penn ’s Mr. Biden while partnering with its eminent faculty and global centers to convene world leaders , develop and advance The Penn Biden Center policy , and impact the national The Penn Biden Center about how America can continue to lead in the 21st Century . " The center will be in Washington , but Mr. Biden will also have an office on the campus of the University The Penn Biden Center , which is a short Amtrak Mr. Biden in Philadelphia . The campus is also a fairly short trip from Delaware , where Mr. Biden served as a senator for 36 years and where the campus of the University of Pennsylvania deep roots . He will also be working with Mr. Biden of Delaware , his alma mater . The university announced Mr. Biden Tuesday that Mr. Biden Mr. Biden be the founding chairman of the Biden Institute , which Mr. Biden described as " a new the University of Delaware policy center Mr. Biden developing public policy solutions on issues ranging from economic reform and environmental sustainability to civil the University of Delaware , criminal justice , women ’s rights and more . " The former vice president and his wife , Jill Biden , intend to split time between a lakeside home in Greenville , Del. a Wilmington suburb , Dr. Biden continue teaching English at Dr. Biden community college in Northern Virginia . The couple previously announced the creation of the Biden Foundation as a platform to advance priorities like military families , preventing violence against women and a " moonshot " to cure cancer . 
 