WASHINGTON —   Tuesday , the Supreme Court will begin the Supreme Court first sitting in which the U. S. Department of Justice ( DOJ ) will reflect the views and priorities of President Donald Trump , inaugurating a new direction in American law . [ the Supreme Court hears roughly 80 cases per year , divided into seven monthly sittings . The annual term begins with its first The annual term on the first Monday in October , and the last sitting for each annual term is conducted over two weeks in April .   The Office of the Solicitor General ( OSG ) represents the United States before the U. the Supreme Court office is led by a The Office of the Solicitor General (OSG) ( SG ) who is nominated by the president and confirmed by the Senate , assisted by a principal deputy solicitor general who is a presidential appointment not subject to Senate confirmation . These two appointees oversee the Senate team of close to twenty attorneys who are mostly career staff , the senior ones holding the rank of deputy solicitor general , and the junior members being called assistant to the solicitor general . Together , they constitute one of the finest appellate These two appointees teams in the nation . President Trump has not yet nominated an SG but has already named a deputy , Noel Francisco , as the    at OSG . Francisco is a Supreme Court rock star Noel Francisco a former clerk to Justice Antonin Scalia and former partner at powerhouse firm Jones Day who has argued a number of major cases before the justices . Francisco has control over OSG until such Noel Francisco as Trump ’s OSG for the top spot is chosen and confirmed , which might not occur for another couple months . Although OSG has already filed its legal briefs OSG most of the OSG ’s remaining Supreme Court cases , changes or updates can be made during oral argument or with certain supplemental filings , so the Trump DOJ can make the new president ’s views known as the justices tackle a number of issues involving the federal government . This Tuesday , the Court will hear arguments in Hernandez Supreme Court , a case in which a Mexican teenager on the Mexican side of the U. S.   border was fatally shot by a U. S. Border Patrol agent on the U. S. side of the border . the U. S.   family said he was the U. S.  border touching the Mexico side a Mexican teenager on the Mexican side of the U. S.  border the border barrier , while DOJ insists that the young man was part of a group of teenagers throwing large rocks at the agent , posing a serious risk to the officer ’s safety a U. S. Border Patrol agent on the U. S. side of the border repeated warnings to drop the rocks and back away . DOJ will be represented by Deputy Solicitor General Edwin Kneedler , a career DOJ at OSG who has argued more than 100 times before the High Court , representing both Republican and Democrat presidents . The second case on Tuesday will be McLane v. EEOC . The private litigant is represented by Dallas attorney Allyson Ho , a partner at Morgan Lewis   Bockius , who , like Francisco , is a favorite among conservatives and an accomplished Supreme Court litigator who previously clerked for a Supreme Court justice . The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission will be presented by Supreme Court to the solicitor general , Rachel Kovner . The makeup of the nation ’s highest court is also changing . One of its nine seats has been vacant since the February 2016 death of Justice Antonin The makeup of the nation’s highest court . But President Trump ’s nominee , Judge Neil Gorsuch , appears unstoppable for confirmation , and is expected to join the Court this April . Between new lawyers leading OSG and new justices joining Supreme Court ’s highest court , February 2017 marks the beginning of a new trend the nation arguments and decisions at the Supreme Court , a trend that will continue for at least the next four years . Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News . Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski . 
 Ken Klukowski 