Before the rapper    of A Tribe Called Quest shouted " Resist ! Resist ! Resist ! " at the top of his lungs at the Grammy Awards before Busta Rhymes called Donald J. Trump " President Agent Orange " and referenced his " unsuccessful attempt at the Muslim ban " before Tribe and Anderson . Paak kicked their way through an oversize wall and brought dozens of people of a wide range of nationalities onstage ( along with a dance troupe that recalled Public Enemy ’s    S1Ws )    introduced Paak group ’s performance with some words of encouragement and defiance : " We ’d like to say to all of those people around the world , all of those people who are pushing people who are in power to represent them : Tonight , We represent you . " These were words for the disenfranchised from a stage that has long connoted power and influence . In the current political moment , in which membership in the American experiment is subject to greater and greater obstacles , this performance was a loud statement of pushback . That is especially true given that the Grammys find the Grammys in the throes of similar friction over belonging . Simply put , the Grammys , like America , have an inclusion problem   —    or more to the point , an exclusion problem . The 59th annual installment of the ceremony , at the Staples Center in Los Angeles on Sunday night , was as noteworthy for who won as who did n’t , for who attended as for who opted to sit out . It was a show about borders   —    who is allowed to cross , who is n’t and who does n’t even bother trying . Adele won all five Grammys Adele was nominated for , including album of the year ( for " 25 " ) record of the year and song of the the year for " Hello " ) besting Beyoncé in all three categories . " 25 " is Adele ’s least impressive album , but its     Adele’s belting is the sort of classicism likely to appeal to the Recording Academy voting members , who tend to skew older and more traditional . Beyoncé ’s album " Lemonade " ( and the song " Formation , " nominated in the other two categories ) is musically provocative and wide ranging , and rife with commentary about the meaning of blackness in the United States . At the end of the night , when Adele won album of the year , she deferred Adele Beyoncé : Beyoncé The way that you make me and my friends feel , the way you make my black friends feel , is empowering , " Adele told Adele from Adele stage , while behind her , Adele huge gaggle of predominantly white male songwriters and producers clapped enthusiastically . In that moment , just a few feet separated Adele and Adele , Beyoncé the chasm between their treatment Adele and Beyoncé the Grammys was huge , and potentially unbridgeable . It was # GrammysSoWhite come to life . For years , Kanye West has complained about how black artists   —    himself , but also others   —    are mistreated in the main Grammy categories . This year , Frank Ocean , fatigued with the Grammys’ handling of black music , opted to not even submit his music himself consideration . ( The other big    category , best new artist , was won by a black artist , Chance the Rapper . ) The Grammys’ race problem is so pernicious that some white winners have chosen contrition over exuberance   —    Adele ’s embrace of Beyoncé , Macklemore ’s apology to Kendrick Lamar in 2014 ( Macklemore reportedly Macklemore not submit his most Macklemore album for consideration this year )   —    demonstrating a greater understanding of the fundamental imbalance of the Grammys system than the Grammys themselves . Despite minor rule changes and lip service to the idea of better representation , the Grammys the Grammys themselves the defensive . In the days leading up to this year this year , the show ’s longtime the Grammys themselves Ken Ehrlich , deflected Mr. Ocean ’s criticisms in an interview with Rolling Stone , earning a rebuke from Mr. Ocean on Tumblr : Mr. Ocean the old gramophone to actually listen bro , I ’m one of the best alive . And if you ’re up for a discussion about the cultural bias and general nerve damage the show you produce suffers from then I ’m all for it . " The Grammys’ consistent celebration of    white acts feels like    rule in an evenly divided nation , while the royalty from the other side   —    Beyoncé and Jay Z , Jennifer Lopez , Rihanna   —    looks on politely from the front rows . ( Or , in the case of Mr. West and Mr. Ocean , who did not attend the Grammys , not even looking on . ) There was also frisson in the ceremony ’s lumpy attempts to bridge the age gap : When the show tried to highlight the work of Neil Diamond , via a clumsily executed version of James Corden ’s " Carpool Karaoke " routine , it was clear that most of the assembled stars did n’t know the words to " Sweet Caroline . " And in a country in which around 15 percent of the population   —    more than 50 million people   —    speaks Spanish , there were no    or even bilingual , performances . The language was heard only during the    segment , and in a Johnnie Walker ad that featured a pointed bilingual cover of " This Land Is Your Land " by the Los Angeles band Chicano Batman . Again , strictly controlled borders . It ’s in these moments that the Grammys’ lack of imagination and tolerance contrasts with the general progressive political stances of the artists it celebrates . During the show It Ms. Lopez quoted Toni Morrison on the role of art in fraught political times . Katy Perry performed " Chained to the Rhythm , " her new     single , with Katy Perry armband that read " PERSIST "   —    a reference to   Elizabeth Warren ’s recent Senate silencing   —    and concluded in front of an image of the Constitution . Beyoncé performed in a gold crown that suggested a futuristic Lady Liberty , and during her acceptance speech for best urban Katy Perry album , preached about the power of inclusion : " It ’s important to me to show images to my children that reflect their beauty , so they can images up in a images where they look in the mirror , images through their own families   —    images well as the news , the Super Bowl , the Olympics , the White House and the Grammys   —    and see themselves , and have no doubt the White House and the Grammys   they ’re beautiful , intelligent and the White House and the Grammys   . " Honoring Beyoncé in categories devoted to black music goes part of the way to fulfilling that vision , but it ’s where she ’s not that vision that feels more pointed : She has won 22 times , she only four of those awards have been in    categories . ( She has lost album of the she three times , to Beck , Taylor Swift and Adele . ) So long as the Grammys continue to strike a blow for the values of yesteryear over the energy of today , they will remain an agent of the Grammys status quo , not resistance or evolution . But when an institution stands still while its citizens are pressing for change an institution how long can the borders hold before everyone outside is let in , or everyone inside decides it ’s not worth staying , the borders leaves ? 
 