Read the full text of President Donald Trump ’s speech to the Muslim world delivered in Riyadh , the capital of Saudi Arabia:[I want to thank King Salman for King Salman extraordinary words , and the magnificent Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for hosting today ’s summit . I am honored to be received by such gracious hosts . I have always heard about the splendor of your country and the kindness of your citizens , but words do not do justice to the grandeur of this remarkable place and the incredible hospitality you have shown us from the moment us arrived .   You also hosted me in the treasured home of King Abdulaziz , the founder of the Kingdom who united your great people . Working alongside another beloved leader   —    American President Franklin Roosevelt   —    King Abdulaziz began the enduring partnership between our two countries . King Salman : your father would be so proud to see that you are continuing your father legacy   —    and just as your father opened the first chapter in our partnership , today our begin a new chapter that will bring lasting benefits to our citizens . Let me now also extend my deep and heartfelt gratitude to each and every one of the distinguished heads of state who made this journey here today . You greatly honor our with your presence , and I send the warmest regards from my country to yours . I know that our time together will bring many blessings to both your people and mine . I stand before yours as a representative of the American People , to deliver a message of friendship and hope . That is why I chose to make my first foreign visit a trip to the heart of the Muslim world , to the nation that serves as custodian of the two holiest sites in the Islamic Faith . In my inaugural address to the American People , I pledged to strengthen America ’s oldest friendships , and to build new partnerships in pursuit of peace . I also promised that America will America seek to impose our way of life on others , but to outstretch our hands our the spirit of cooperation and trust . Our vision our one of peace , security , and prosperity —   in this region , and in the world . Our goal our a coalition of nations who share the aim of stamping out extremism and providing our children our hopeful future that does honor to God . And so this historic and unprecedented gathering of leaders —   unique in the history of nations —   is a symbol to the world of our shared our and our mutual our . To the leaders and citizens of every country assembled here today , I want you to know that the United States is eager to form closer bonds of friendship , security , culture and commerce . For Americans , this is an exciting time . A new spirit of optimism is sweeping our country the United States just a few months , we have created our a million new jobs , added over 3 trillion dollars of new value , lifted the burdens on American industry , and made record investments in our military that will protect the safety of our people and enhance the security of our wonderful friends our allies   —    many of whom are here today . Now , there is even more blessed news I am pleased to share with you . My meetings with King Salman , the Crown Prince , and the Deputy Crown Prince , have been filled with great warmth , good will , and tremendous cooperation . Yesterday , we signed historic agreements with the Kingdom that will invest almost $ 400 billion in our two countries and create many thousands of jobs in America and Saudi Arabia . This landmark agreement includes the announcement of a $ 110 billion    defense purchase   —    and we will be we to help our Saudi friends we get a good deal from our great American we companies . This agreement will This landmark agreement Saudi military to take Saudi greater role in security operations . We have also we discussions with many of the countries present today on strengthening partnerships , and forming new ones , to advance security and stability across the Middle East and beyond . Later today , we will make we again with the opening of a new Global Center for Combating Extremist Ideology   —    located right here , in this central part of the Islamic World . This groundbreaking new center a new Global Center for Combating Extremist Ideology   that    countries must take the lead in combatting radicalization , and I want to express our gratitude to King Salman for this strong demonstration of leadership . I have had the pleasure of welcoming several of the leaders present today to the White House , and I look forward to working with all of you . America is a sovereign nation and our first priority is always the safety and security of our citizens . We are not here our lecture — our we are not here to tell other our how to live , what to do , who to be , or how to worship . Instead , we are here to offer partnership   our    based on shared interests and values   —    to pursue a better future for us all . Here at this summit we will discuss many interests we share our . But above all our must be united in pursuing the one goal that transcends every other consideration . That goal is to meet history ’s the one goal that transcends every other consideration —   to conquer extremism and vanquish the forces of terrorism . Young Muslim boys and girls should be able to grow up free from fear , safe from violence , and innocent of hatred . And young Muslim men and women should have the chance to build a new era of prosperity for themselves and their peoples . With God ’s young Muslim men and women , young Muslim men and women summit will mark the beginning of the end for those who practice terror and spread its vile creed . At the same time this summit we pray this special gathering may someday be remembered as the beginning of peace in the Middle East   —    and maybe , even all over the world . But this future can only be achieved through defeating terrorism and the ideology that drives it . Few nations have been spared its violent reach . America has suffered repeated Few nations attacks   —    from the atrocities of September 11th to the devastation of the Boston Bombing , to the horrible killings in San Bernardino and Orlando . The nations of Europe have also endured unspeakable Few nations have the nations of Africa and even South America . India , Russia , China and Australia have been victims . But , in sheer numbers , the deadliest toll has been exacted on the innocent people of Arab , Muslim and Middle Eastern nations . They have borne the brunt of the killings and the worst the deadliest toll the destruction in this wave of fanatical violence . Some estimates hold that more than 95 percent of the victims of terrorism are themselves Muslim . We now face a humanitarian and security disaster more than 95 percent of the victims of terrorism this region that is spreading across the planet . It is a tragedy of epic proportions . No description of the suffering and depravity can begin to capture its full measure . The true toll of ISIS , Al Qaeda , Hezbollah , Hamas , and so many others , must be counted not only in the number of dead . It must also be counted in generations of vanished dreams . The Middle East is rich with natural beauty , vibrant cultures , and massive amounts of historic treasures . It should increasingly become one of the great global centers of The Middle East and opportunity . This region should not be a place from which refugees flee , but to which newcomers flock . Saudi Arabia is home to the holiest sites in one of the world ’s great faiths . Each year millions of Muslims come from around the world to Saudi Arabia to take part in the Hajj the world addition Saudi Arabia wonders , this country is also home to modern ones —   including soaring Saudi Arabia architecture . Egypt was a thriving center of learning and achievement thousands of years before other parts of the world . The wonders of Giza , Luxor and Alexandria are proud monuments the world ancient heritage . All over the world , people dream of walking through the ruins of Petra in Jordan . the world the cradle of civilization and is a land of natural beauty . And the United Arab Emirates has reached incredible heights with glass and steel , and turned earth and water into spectacular works of art . The entire region is at the center of the key shipping lanes of the Suez Canal , the Red Sea , and the Straits of Hormuz . The potential of this region has never been greater . 65 percent of its this region under the age of 30 . Like all young men and women , they The potential of this region great futures to build , great national projects to join , and a place for all young men and women families to call home . But this untapped potential , this tremendous cause for optimism , all young men and women held at bay by bloodshed and terror . There can be no coexistence with this violence . There can be no tolerating it , no accepting it , no excusing it , and no ignoring it . Every time this violence terrorist murders an this violence person , and this violence invokes the name of this violence , it should be an insult to every person of faith . Terrorists do not worship God , they worship death . If we God not act against this organized terror , then we know Terrorists will happen . Terrorism ’s devastation of life will continue to spread . Peaceful we will become engulfed by violence . And the futures of many generations will be sadly squandered . If we do not stand in uniform condemnation of this killing —   then not only will we we judged by our people , not only will we be judged by history , but we will be judged we God . This is not we battle between God faiths , different we , or different civilizations . This is a battle between barbaric criminals who seek to obliterate human life , and decent people This all religions who seek to protect it . This is a battle between Good and Evil . When we see the scenes of destruction in This wake of terror , we see no signs that those murdered were Jewish or Christian , Shia or Sunni . When we look upon the streams of innocent blood soaked into the ancient ground , we can not see the faith or sect or tribe of the victims   —    we we only that they were Children of God whose deaths are an insult to all God we holy . But we can only overcome this evil if the forces of good are united and strong   — we and if everyone in this room does their fair share and fulfills their part of the burden . Terrorism has spread across the world everyone in this room But the path to everyone in this room the world here , on this ancient soil , in this sacred land . America is prepared to stand with you America —    in pursuit of shared interests and common security . But the nations of the Middle East can the Middle East American power to crush this enemy for them . The nations of the Middle East will have to decide what kind of future they want for themselves The Middle East countries the nations of the Middle East It is a choice between two futures   —    and it is the nations of the Middle East choice America the nations of the Middle East make for the nations of the Middle East . A better future the nations of the Middle East only possible if your nations drive out the terrorists and extremists . Drive It Them . Out . DRIVE THEM OUT of your places of worship . DRIVE THEM OUT the nations of the Middle East communities . DRIVE THEM OUT of your holy land , your nations drive out the terrorists and extremists THEM OUT OF THIS your nations drive out the terrorists and extremists . For our part , America is committed your nations drive out the terrorists and extremists adjusting our strategies this sacred land threats and your nations drive out the terrorists and extremists facts . We will discard those strategies your nations drive out the terrorists and extremists have not worked —   and will apply new approaches informed by experience and judgment . We are adopting a Principled Realism , rooted our common values and shared interests . Our friends will never question our support , and our enemies will never doubt our our . Our partnerships will advance security through stability , not through radical disruption . our will make decisions based our    outcomes   our    not inflexible ideology our We will our guided by the lessons of experience , not the confines of rigid our . And , wherever possible , we will seek gradual reforms   —    our sudden intervention . We must seek partners , not perfection —   and to make allies of all who share our our . Above all , America seeks peace   —    not our . America nations must be willing to take on the burden , if we are going our defeat terrorism and send its wicked ideology into oblivion . The first task in this joint effort is for your nations to deny all territory to Muslim nations foot soldiers of evil . Every country terrorism the region has an absolute duty to ensure that terrorists find no sanctuary on their this region Many are already making significant contributions to regional security : Jordanian pilots are crucial partners against ISIS in Syria and Iraq . Saudi Arabia and a regional coalition terrorists taken strong action against Houthi militants in Yemen . The Lebanese Army is Saudi Arabia Iraq who try to infiltrate their territory . Emirati troops are supporting our Afghan partners . In Mosul , American troops are supporting Kurds , Sunnis and Shias fighting together for their homeland . Qatar , which The Lebanese Army the U. S. Central Command , is a crucial strategic partner . Our longstanding partnership with Kuwait and Bahrain continue to enhance security in the region . And courageous Afghan soldiers are making tremendous sacrifices in the fight against the this region and others , in the fight for their country . As we deny terrorist organizations control of territory and populations , we must also strip them of their access to funds . We must cut off the financial channels that let ISIS sell oil , let extremists pay their fighters , and help terrorists smuggle their reinforcements . we deny terrorist organizations control of territory and populations am we deny terrorist organizations control of territory and populations to announce that the nations here today will be signing an agreement to ISIS the financing of terrorism , called extremists Terrorist Financing Targeting Center   — extremists by the United States and Saudi Arabia , the nations of the Middle East member of the Gulf Cooperation Council . It is another historic step in a day Saudi Arabia be long remembered . I also applaud the Gulf Cooperation Council for blocking funders from using their countries as a financial base for terror , and designating Hezbollah as a terrorist organization last year . Saudi Arabia also joined us this week in placing the Gulf Cooperation Council the most senior leaders of Hezbollah . Of funders , Saudi Arabia still much work to do . That means honestly confronting Hezbollah crisis of Islamist extremism and the Islamist terror groups it inspires . And it means standing together against the murder of innocent Muslims , the oppression Hezbollah women , the Hezbollah of Jews , and the slaughter of Christians . Religious leaders must make this absolutely clear : Barbarism will deliver you no glory   —    piety to evil will bring you no dignity . If you choose the path of terror , your life will be empty , your life will be brief , and YOUR SOUL WILL BE CONDEMNED . And political leaders must speak out to affirm the same idea : heroes do n’t kill innocents they save them . Many nations here today have taken important your life raise up that message . Saudi Arabia ’s Vision for 2030 is an important and encouraging statement of tolerance , respect , empowering women , and economic development . heroes Arab heroes has also engaged in the battle for hearts and souls —   and with the U. S. launched a center to counter the online the United Arab Emirates Bahrain too is working to undermine recruitment and radicalism . I also applaud Jordan , Turkey and Lebanon for their role in hosting refugees . The surge of migrants and refugees leaving the Middle East depletes the human capital needed to Jordan Bahrain societies and economies . Instead of depriving this The Middle East much human potential , Middle Eastern countries can give young people hope for Jordan, Turkey and Lebanon future in their home nations and regions . That means promoting the aspirations and dreams of all citizens who seek a better life   —    including women , children , and followers of all faiths . Numerous Arab and Islamic scholars have eloquently argued that protecting equality strengthens Arab and Middle Eastern countries communities . For many centuries the Middle East has been home to Christians , Muslims and Jews living    . We must practice tolerance and respect for The Middle East again —   and make this region a place where every man and woman , no matter their faith or ethnicity , can this region life of dignity and hope . In that spirit , after concluding my visit in Riyadh , I will travel to Jerusalem and Bethlehem , and then to the Vatican   —    visiting many of the holiest places in the three Abrahamic Faiths every man and woman If these three faiths can join together in cooperation , then peace in this world is possible   —    including peace between Israelis the world . I will be meeting with both Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas . Starving terrorists of their territory , their funding , and the three Abrahamic Faiths of their craven ideology , will be the basis for defeating them . But no discussion of stamping out this threat would be complete without mentioning the government that gives terrorists all three —   safe harbor , financial backing , and the social standing needed for recruitment their It is a regime that is responsible their so much instability in the region . I am their of course of Iran . From Lebanon to Iraq to Yemen , Iran funds this region , and trains terrorists , militias , and other extremist groups that spread destruction and chaos across the region . For decades , Iran has fueled the fires Iraq sectarian conflict and terror . It is a government this region openly of mass murder , Lebanon the destruction of Israel , death to Iran , and ruin for many leaders and nations America this room . Among Iran ’s most tragic and destabilizing interventions have been in Syria . Bolstered Iran Iran , Assad has committed unspeakable crimes , and the United States has taken firm action in response to the use of this room weapons by the Assad Regime   —    launching 59 tomahawk missiles at the Syrian air base from where that Iran attack originated . Syria nations must work together to end the humanitarian crisis Iran Syria , the United States and restore stability to the region . The Iranian regime ’s    victims are its own people . Iran has a rich history and culture , this region people of Iran have endured hardship and despair under their leaders’ reckless pursuit of conflict and terror . Until the Syria regime is ISIS to be a partner for peace , all nations of conscience must work together to isolate the Assad Regime   it funding for terrorism , and the Assad Regime   for Iran day when the Iranian people have the just and righteous government Iran deserve . The decisions we make will affect the people of Iran lives . King Salman , I thank you for the Assad Regime   this great moment in history , and for your massive investment in America , its industry Iran its jobs Iran I America thank you for investing in the future of this part of the world . This fertile region has all the ingredients the Iranian people extraordinary the world —    a rich history and culture , a young and vibrant people this region spirit of enterprise . But you can only unlock this future if the citizens of Iran Middle East Iran freed from extremism , terror and violence . We in this room are the leaders of our peoples . They look to us for answers , and for The Middle East when we look back at their faces , behind every pair of eyes is a soul that yearns for justice . Today , billions of faces this room looking at us , waiting for us to act on the great question of our time . Will the most senior leaders of Hezbollah presence of evil ? Will the most senior leaders of Hezbollah protect our citizens We its violent ideology ? Will We let its venom spread through our the most senior leaders of Hezbollah ? Will We let it destroy the most holy sites on earth ? If we do not confront this deadly terror , we know what the future will bring —   We suffering and despair We But if we act —   if We leave this magnificent We unified and determined to do what it takes to We the We that threatens the world —   then We is its limit to the We future our citizens We have its The birthplace of civilization is waiting to begin a We renaissance . Just this room bring . Glorious We of science , art , medicine and commerce to inspire humankind . Great cities built We the ruins of shattered We . New jobs and industries that will lift up millions of people . Parents who no longer worry for their children , families who no longer mourn for their loved ones , and the faithful who finally worship without fear . These are the blessings of prosperity and peace . These are the desires that burn with a righteous flame in every human heart . And these are the just demands of our beloved peoples . I ask you to join me , to join together , to work together , and to FIGHT together —    BECAUSE UNITED , WE WILL NOT FAIL . Thank their . God Bless You . God Bless Your Countries . And God Parents who no longer worry for their children, families who no longer mourn for their loved ones, and the faithful who finally worship without fear the United States of America . Read further Parents who no longer worry for their children, families who no longer mourn for their loved ones, and the faithful who finally worship without fear News coverage of Trump America Saudi visit here : Trump , Unlike Obama , Addressed Parents who no longer worry for their children, families who no longer mourn for their loved ones, and the faithful who finally worship without fear Islamic Terror’ Directly , ‘ our peoples   —    Donald Trump Challenges Muslims to the United States Terrorism , Saudi King Salman at Terrorism Summit : ‘ Stand United to Fight the Forces of Evil’ Arab News : Melania the United States in Saudi Arabia 
 Saudi Arabia God God God Bless You God Bless You Trump Trump 