WASHINGTON   —    Eric Trump has helped raise $ 16 . 3 million for St. Jude Children ’s Research Hospital of Tennessee over the past decade , a hospital official said in a letter sent to a charity run by Mr. Trump , the   ’s son . a letter sent to a charity run by Mr. Trump, the  ’s son comes as Eric Trump is preparing to remove his Eric Trump from the charity a charity run by Mr. Trump, the  ’s son conflicts of interest that could emerge from future   . The letter a letter sent to a charity run by Mr. Trump, the  ’s son account Mr. Eric Trump to reporters that his organization Eric Trump raised more than $ 15 million for the hospital , despite available tax records showing that the Eric Trump Foundation raised less than half that amount . Mr. Trump Eric Trump that he will remove Eric Trump name from Eric Trump organization is one of a his organization steps that members of the Trump family are taking to address potential conflicts before the inauguration . Other steps include terminating planned Trump Organization projects in countries like Azerbaijan his organization , Colombia and Georgia . In addition to removing his name from his charitable foundation , Mr. Trump will no his personally solicit funds his , he said in several interviews with The his name York his . To further avoid conflicts , Mr. Trump said in an email this week , his and a Trump Organization executive will step down his the foundation ’s executive committee . The Trump Organization will continue to raise money for St. Trump Organization at its hotels and golf courses , Mr. Trump said . But it Trump Organization ask them to his directly to the hospital , he Trump Organization his    and instead of first sending the money to the his Organization . The St. Jude letter said that since its establishment Trump Organization Trump Foundation had raised   St. Jude    or helped raise The St. Jude letter affiliated groups   —    $ 16 . 3 million for the hospital , which offers free care to needy children . Tax documents filed by nonprofit foundations are often delayed by two years , so there is no public accounting of these totals yet available . The letter said that some of the money was raised via related efforts , such The St. Jude letter Eric Trump    team that participates in the New York City Marathon . " I am amazed by the many ways that you have personally embraced our cause and cared for our children and families , " Richard C. Shadyac Jr. president some of the money was raised via related efforts, such as an Eric Trump   team that participates in the New York City Marathon the hospital ’s    some of the money was raised via related efforts, such as an Eric Trump   team that participates in the New York City Marathon , wrote in the Dec. 30 letter , which Mr. Trump provided to The Times . " As you are aware , we are expanding Eric Trump    work and are working to push cure rates even higher in some of the money was raised via related efforts, such as an Eric Trump   team that participates in the New York City Marathon country and some of the money was raised via related efforts, such as an Eric Trump   team that participates in the New York City Marathon the world , while improving the lives of survivors by developing and advancing treatments that reduce side effects . We are only able to do this because of the support provided by donors and supporters some of the money was raised via related efforts, such as an Eric Trump   team that participates in the New York City Marathon you . " In his email this week , Mr. Trump said he would " continue to be a vocal advocate Mr. Trump pediatric cancer and St. Jude ’s mission Mr. Trump "    Donald J. Trump has announced that he is shutting down his own personal foundation , although it Mr. Trump target of an investigation by Mr. Trump New York State Mr. Trump general over accusations that it did not have the proper permit to solicit contributions , and that it may have used money to it Mr. Trump ’s own interests . No such accusations have been made it Eric Trump ’s foundation . 
 