Fox News Channel owner Rupert Murdoch and Rupert Murdoch family are considering pulling The O’Reilly Factor off air amid accusations of sexual harassment against prime time host Bill O’Reilly , according to a report from Gabriel Sherman in New York magazine . [ The pressure on Fox to let Bill O’Reilly go has risen in recent weeks over a string of accusations of sexual harassment , with prime time host currently on a vacation scheduled to end April 24th .   Earlier this month , The New York Times revealed that $ 13 million has been paid out from either Fox News or O’Reilly to five women to settle their sexual O’Reilly to five women claims against the host prime time host of litigation , despite O’Reilly ’s denial O’Reilly the merits of their claims . O’Reilly to five women initially backed O’Reilly over the O’Reilly , arguing that he had " Fox those he regarded as Fox personal responsibility Fox " However , Sherman ’s sources claim that Murdoch ’s sons , James and Lachlan , have argued that O’Reilly should be O’Reilly go , but their father Rupert Murdoch’s . The report also speculated that the decision could affect the Murdoch family ’s pending $ 14 billion deal to      TV provider Sky , with a decision to sack O’Reilly likely to O’Reilly Murdoch ’s favorability with media regulators Murdoch . O’Reilly ’s primetime O’Reilly , The O’Reilly Factor , is at its most popular O’Reilly its conception in O’Reilly , averaging 3 . 7 million viewers in its final week O’Reilly details of the settlement emerged , a 28 percent increase from the previous year , according to Nielsen Research . Over 90 companies dropped advertising on The O’Reilly Factor over the allegations , while a small group of feminist protesters gathered outside the Fox News headquarters in New York calling on the network to fire O’Reilly . Last year , Fox News’ longtime chairman Roger Ailes resigned over claims of sexual harassment against several female staff members , including former host Gretchen Carlson and anchor Megyn Kelly . President Donald Trump supported O’Reilly over the claims , describing O’Reilly as claims of sexual harassment against several female staff members, including former host Gretchen Carlson and anchor Megyn Kelly good person " President Donald Trump " has n’t done anything wrong . " You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . com 
 Ben Kew 