Breitbart News Senior Editor MILO likened Planned Parenthood to eugenics during Breitbart News Senior Editor MILO talk at Cal Poly State University on Tuesday , citing the amount of black babies aborted every year . [   " Progressives like to insinuate that there is something sinister about Big Oil and Big Tobacco . Progressives might even be right ! But Planned Parenthood , Big Abortion , is worse , " proclaimed MILO . " We were all shocked when undercover tapes came out showing undercover tapes are in the business of selling baby parts to the medical industry . Can you imagine , and I do n’t think this is a stretch , the senior leaders of Planned Parenthood sitting in a conference room discussing the best timing for an abortion , to maximize their the senior leaders of Planned Parenthood sitting in a conference room discussing the best timing for an abortion from the dead baby ’s body ? It ’s horrifying , and it It what feminists want more of . " " Planned Planned Parenthood attribute a good portion of their boffo Planned Parenthood business to their president Planned Parenthood 2006 , Cecile Richards , " he continued their president " Richards is Cecile Richards on her way Cecile Richards personally matching Hitler ’s body count . We ’ve done the grim maths so you do n’t have to . " " Using a conservative estimate of 300 , 000 abortions a year   —    or 300 kiloscrapes , using the technical metric measure   —    Cecile Richards Cecile Richards over three million abortions , or three megascrapes in her ten years   Cecile Richards president of the organisation , " MILO stated . " This has earned her ‘ half   Cecile Richards status . Full Holocaust seems eminently reachable given Planned Parenthood ’s growing hegemony in the abortion industry . " MILO continued to add that these statistics were just since " Richards took charge , " and did n’t include abortions performed prior to 2006 . " Planned Parenthood has since 1970 performed 7 million abortions , comfortably surpassing Hitler according to its own annual Planned Parenthood , " added MILO . " You have to admire the chutzpah , if you ’ll forgive my terminology : Planned Parenthood has Planned Parenthood Third    death count completely legally and while pocketing half a billion dollars a year to do so . But under Richards the numbers have skyrocketed such that in just the last ten years , at least 3 million young lives were ended . " " If Cecile stays in her post another decade Cecile she will reach ‘ Cecile Hitler,’ by matching the six million deaths of the Holocaust . In fact it ’ll probably be sooner than that , given the acceleration in procedures during her reign , " Cecile continued . " her reign road ahead may be rocky . Besides the undercover videos still being released , some media sources are starting to cover the revolting practices of these sociopathic monsters . Nice normal people , whatever their views on abortion , have no stomach for these unashamed    activities . And perhaps President Trump will defund them . " " If you need to hear more about Margaret Sanger , here ’s something she once said . Margaret Sanger was inarguably racist Margaret Sanger " MILO explained . " She spoke glowingly about Margaret Sanger presentation to a group of KKK women in New Jersey , and they loved her messaging a group of KKK women in New Jersey the Margaret Sanger race . Messaging like this , in a letter to Dr. Clarence Gamble : " We do not want word to get out that we want to exterminate We Negro population and the minister is the man who can straighten out the idea if it ever occurs to any of their more rebellious members . " Margaret Sanger ’s goal was to diminish the black race , the black race argue she was at least partially successful Margaret Sanger’s Stats about abortion by race are not always easy to find , but nonetheless paint a compelling picture about the race reality of abortion , " proclaimed MILO . " In 2012 , there were more black children aborted in New York City than born alive . More than 31 , 000 compared to just under 25 , 000 live births . Blacks accounted for 42 % of the abortions in the city , with Hispanic women New York City another 31 % . That ’s 73 % of all abortions in the city killing black and Hispanic youth . " " Other national data from the Center for    Reform asserts that black women are 3 times more likely to have an abortion than white women , " he concluded . " So is n’t   Reform fascinating that intersectional    feminists fighting for abortion and so often     with Black Lives Matter ? To any BLM members tucked away in the audience , I can conclusively say that feminists are one group that do not believe black lives matter at all . " Written from prepared remarks . 
 