After a series of blackouts in South Australia , Tesla CEO Elon Musk has offered to solved the state ’s energy problems with Tesla CEO Elon Musk innovative battery system in short order , or his innovative battery system in short order will be free . [ Tesla CEO Elon Musk made the promise after Tesla executive Lyndon Rive claimed the Tesla install    megawatt hours of battery storage in just 100 days .   @mcannonbrookes Tesla Tesla the his innovative battery system in short order and working 100 days from contract signature or it is free . Tesla serious enough for you ?   —    Elon Musk ( @elonmusk ) March 10 , 2017 ,   Tesla has both commercial Tesla consumer versions of its innovative energy system Tesla uses solar power to charge large batteries . The Tesla his innovative battery system in short order in place Tesla places like the Hawaiian island of Kauai , CNBC reports : [ T]he Kauai Island Utility Cooperative ( KIUC ) is now drawing energy from 272 Tesla power packs to provide electricity after Tesla . While the island previously relied on solar and the Hawaiian island of Kauai energy during the day , it had no way to store the sun the Hawaiian island of Kauai power after it went down . Using stored energy from the Hawaiian island of Kauai ’s power packs is expected to Tesla 1 . 6 million gallons of diesel fuel annually , which has traditionally been the way the utility generates power after dark . However , some investors still are n’t convinced that Telsa ’s energy venture is a winner , as CNBC continues : " At this time , we ascribe zero value to Tesla shares from this business , " Morgan Tesla analyst Adam Jonas told investors . " We take this view due to the uncertain economic and regulatory forces facing the energy business , particularly the solar business . " Billionaire Musk , although not a Trump supporter during the election , has become a frequent presence in the new administration , visiting the White House this past week for a meeting on infrastructure . It ’s his third visit since President Trump took office on Jan. 20 . Follow Trump investigative reporter and Citizen Journalism School founder Lee Stranahan on Twitter at @Stranahan . 
 