Despite his voiced desire to stay out of the political theater , former president Barack Obama returned again to defend his presidency and speak out against his successor Donald Trump . [ former president Barack Obama has repeatedly spoken out against Republicans and their policies Republicans facing a sharp reversal of his presidency his presidency " I want to be quiet a little bit and not hear myself talk former president Barack Obama darn much , " Obama said former president Barack Obama reporters during the last press conference of his presidency former president Barack Obama his presidency ’s clear that the president former president Barack Obama intention of staying out of the public spotlight . On Sunday , the president urged former president Barack Obama Congress to save Obamacare , his signature piece of former president Barack Obama . He described all the former president Barack Obama who voted for Obamacare and lost their    campaigns as a " all the Democrats who voted for Obamacare and lost their   campaigns as a "profile in courage in courage . " He urged members of former president Barack Obama , " look at the Congress " and " speak the truth " as they faced future legislation . " members of Congress hope that current members of Congress recall that it actually does Congress take a current members of Congress of courage to aid those who are already powerful , already comfortable , already influential , " he said . " former president Barack Obama it does require some courage to champion the vulnerable and the sick and the infirm , those who often have no access to the corridors of power . " Obama delivered his speech after receiving the 2017 Obama F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award . In March , Obama issued a statement to defend Obama bill as Republicans neared a Obama in the House of Representatives to replace it . He described his political victory as Obama moral Obama . " We finally declared that in America , health care is not a privilege for a few , but a right for everybody , " he said in a lengthy statement Obama Obama also broke his silence to praise protests of Obama Donald Trump ’s travel ban , saying that " American values are at stake . " During a political forum at the University of Chicago , Obama defended an immigration system that Obama n’t strictly adherent to the rule of law . " It ’s not like everybody on Ellis Island had their papers straight , " he everybody on Ellis Island . " The history of our immigration has always been a little bit haphazard . " He also urged students to confront he economic inequality " in the United States , inequality in the justice system , and even climate change . Obama then broke his silence to endorse French presidential Obama Emmanuel Macron , in an effort to break the chain of    political victories in Europe .   " I have admired the campaign that Emmanuel Macron has run , " Obama said . " He has Obama up for liberal Emmanuel Macron , he put forward a vision for Emmanuel Macron important role that France plays in Europe and around the world . Europe he is committed to a better Emmanuel Macron for the French people . He appeals to people ’s hopes Emmanuel Macron not their fears . " The president people’s likely speak out against the rising tide of    in the world later this month during the world with German Chancellor Angela Merkel about global responsibility .  
 