Comedian and talk show host Steve Harvey pushed back against critics Steve Harvey says attacked Steve Harvey for meeting and agreeing to work with Donald Trump ’s administration . [ " On a personal note , a lot of ya’ll hurt me . You really did . I did n’t expect the backlash to be so fierce , " Steve Harvey told Steve Harvey radio audience Monday .   " Change can only happen when we sit at the table . If we sit at the table , then we we have a say as to what ’s to be eaten on the menu , " Steve Harvey said defending Steve Harvey decision to work with Trump . " I have an obligation to take a seat at the table when invited . " Steve Harvey met with    Trump Friday at Trump Tower in Manhattan , telling reporters , " I stepped from behind my microphone and I came and talked to the guy who is going to be the 45th president . " The Family Feud host said he found Trump The Family Feud host both Trump and sincere , " and announced plans to partner with Trump ’s Department Trump and Urban Development nominee Dr. Ben Carson on restoring America ’s inner cities . But not everyone was supportive of Harvey ’s efforts to join forces with the incoming administration . Morehouse College professor and CNN commentator Marc Lamont Hill said Harvey and other " Harvey negroes being dragged in front of TV as a   " are allowing themselves to be " Harvey and other "mediocre negroes used by folk like Donald Trump . " " Again , his intention is just Donald Trump have a seat at the table . But when you ’re at the table , you the table experts at the table , " Hill the table " You should have people who can challenge the president at the table . " Harvey , the table Harvey Monday " If I ’m going to keep getting stabbed at , then at least while you ’re stabbing me , you should understand my intent for taking the meeting in the first place . " " When I walked away , [ I was ] feeling like there might be a real chance for some positive to come out of what so many people think is all gloom and doom , " he said .    Harvey Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 