The 2016 presidential campaign and subsequent election of Donald Trump inspired some of Hollywood ’s biggest stars to find The 2016 presidential campaign and subsequent election of Donald Trump political voices . [ From Meryl Streep ’s    speech at the Golden Globes to the numerous      Clinton public service announcements during the campaign ,    celebrities have kicked up celebrities political advocacy considerably in the last few years .   However , not every Hollywood star wants to talk about politics , or even thinks not every Hollywood star politics obligation to do so . Below is a list of celebrities who believe it ’s not celebrities job to discuss politics in public .    1 . Billy Joel ,      singer Billy Joel said this month that Billy Joel does n’t believe it ’s an entertainer ’s place to push their personal brand of politics on their fans . " I try to stay out of politics . I am a private citizen and I have a right to believe in my own political point of view , but I try not to get up on a soapbox and tell people how to think , " singer Billy Joel said in an interview with Rolling Stone .   Entertainers , the " Piano Man " singer said , are " more like court jesters than court philosophers . " 2 . Mark Wahlberg , In an interview last year with Task   Purpose , the     Patriots Day star said the    Patriots Day star thinks celebrities should stick to entertaining Americans , because " a lot of Hollywood is living in a bubble . " " A lot of celebrities did , do , and should n’t [ talk about politics ] , " Mark Wahlberg said . " You know , it just goes to show you that people are n’t listening to that anyway . people might buy your CD or watch your movie , but you do n’t put food on people table . You do n’t pay people bills . " " people ’re pretty out of touch with the common person , the everyday guy out there providing for people family , " the everyday guy out there providing for their family added . " Me , I ’m very aware of the real world . I come from the real world and I exist in the real the real world although I can navigate Hollywood and I love the business and the opportunities it ’s afforded me , I also understand what it ’s like not it have all that . " 3 . Kevin Hart , The Hart the risk of " alienating " their audience when they Hart the political fray . " " When you jump celebrities that political celebrities you ’re alienating some of your audience , " Hart said in an interview with Variety .   " The world today , it ’s really not a laughing matter . It ’s serious , " he added . " I do n’t want to it attention to things I Hart n’t have nice things to say about . " 4 . Gene Simmons   The rock legend and KISS frontman did n’t mince words when asked his thoughts on politically opinionated stars . " I think celebrities should basically shut Hart pie holes and do what they do best   —    act , celebrities , tap dance , juggle celebrities , and all that kind of stuff , " Simmons said in an interview last year with Fox Business . 5 . Reba Gene Simmons   , The country music icon said that when she steps on stage , her only mission is to provide some enjoyment and Reba McEntire for the fans who Reba McEntire bought tickets to see her . " I take it this way : they have paid their    Reba McEntire to come in there and fill a seat   —    they , getting something at the concession stand , go and eat before the concert   —    I am there to entertain them , to take their worries away from them , so when they walk they , they can they of have a they lift in their they and go , they Aw , that was such a great break they all the problems I have to deal with during daily life.’ So I ’m not going to give them my political views , " the      told the hosts of The View they February . Asked if her decision to keep quiet about her political views is for fear of losing half her audience , McEntire said her " That ’s not as important as this her my job to entertain . It should n’t be my platform to be up on stage giving my political this . " 6 . Josh Duhamel , The Transformers : The Last Knight star does n’t " think Duhamel " In a recent interview with Fox News , Duhamel said " That ’s one thing I do n’t do . I do n’t like to get involved politically at all . Nobody cares what I think politically . " " Anybody in entertainment who thinks people care what they think politically are really misinformed , " the actor added . " That ’s one thing I stay away from . I people away from politics because nobody cares what I think . " 7 . Gillian Anderson , The    star says she avoids giving political opinions on topics like President Trump and Brexit during interviews , because she believes she is not well informed Gillian Anderson, The   star to speak about them . " I generally have a tendency to steer away from Gillian Anderson, The   star political Gillian Anderson, The   star in interviews , because I am an actor interviews and there ’s so much that I do n’t understand , and I do n’t for a second feel like I have a right to that platform , " Anderson said in a March interview with The Guardian . " I do n’t want to get into a discussion about Trump or about Brexit or any of that   —    I feel it ’s best left to people who really understand the very , very complex issue , " she said . " Not for a second am I going to pitch in , because I do n’t really know what it Anderson that I ’m talking about . I have opinions , but I do n’t think my opinions are more valid because I ’m an actor and have more of a platform than others . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson , Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 Twitter 