PHOENIX   —    For eight years , Guadalupe García de Rayos had checked in at the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement office here , a requirement since Guadalupe García de Rayos was caught using a fake Social Security number during a raid in 2008 at a water park where Guadalupe García de Rayos worked . Every year since then , Guadalupe García de Rayos has walked in and out of the meetings after a brief review of Guadalupe García de Rayos case and some questions . But not this year . On Wednesday , immigration agents arrested Ms. Rayos , 35 . Despite efforts by Guadalupe García de Rayos family and others who tried to block , legally and physically , Guadalupe García de Rayos removal from the United States , Guadalupe García de Rayos was deported Thursday to Nogales , Mexico , the same city where Guadalupe García de Rayos crossed into the United States 21 years ago . Immigration agents " said Guadalupe García de Rayos ’s a threat , but Guadalupe García de Rayos is n’t a threat , " her Guadalupe García de Rayos said in an interview . As one of the estimated 11 million unauthorized immigrants in the United States the United States was always a candidate for deportation , but as a matter of practicality , the Obama administration had focused its finite resources on removing the Obama administration most serious criminals . The government even won a deportation order against Ms. Rayos in 2013 , Ms. Rayos not carried it out , instead merely requiring The government to check in periodically . Ms. Rayos all changed under President Trump , who ran on a pledge of being tougher on illegal immigration . Among the 18 executive orders that he has issued since taking office on Jan. 20 is one stipulating that undocumented immigrants convicted of any criminal offense   —    and even those who have not been charged but are believed to have committed " acts that constitute a chargeable criminal offense "   —    have become a priority for deportation . Immigrants’ rights advocates say the new order could easily apply to a majority of unauthorized immigrants in the United States . " We ’re living in a new era now , an era of war on immigrants , " Ms. Rayos ’s lawyer , Ray A. Ybarra Maldonado , said Wednesday after leaving the building here that houses the federal immigration agency , known by its acronym , ICE . But groups supporting Mr. Trump ’s moves on illegal immigration say that the deportations were long overdue , and would stop unauthorized immigrants from taking jobs from citizens , even if it meant that painful deportations would be taking place more often . " It ’s easy to put a human face on this one woman , " said Ira Mehlman , spokesman for the Federation for American Immigration Reform , adding that he was not opining on the merits of Ms. Rayos ’s case . " We ca n’t precisely pinpoint who the person or people are who might not have gotten a job taken by a person or people here illegally , " he said . " The general he was we hold the people who violate the laws responsible for the consequences that accrue to other people . " In a statement Thursday , Yasmeen Pitts O’Keefe , a spokeswoman for ICE , noted Ms. Rayos ’s previous felony conviction and deportation order . Ms. Rayos ’s " immigration case Ms. Rayos at multiple levels of the immigration court system , including the Board of Immigration Appeals , and the judges held she did not have a legal basis Ms. Rayos remain in the U. S. , " Ms. O’Keefe said . " ICE will Ms. Rayos focus on ICE and removing individuals with felony convictions who have final orders of removal issued by the nation ’s immigration courts . " Lawyers from two of the nation ’s leading civil rights’ groups said the nation’s might be the first unauthorized immigrant to be arrested during a scheduled meeting with immigration officials since Mr. Trump took office . Ms. Rayos was 14 when she left Acambaro , Ms. Rayos in an impoverished corner Ms. Rayos the Mexican state of Guanajuato , and sneaked across the border into Nogales , Ariz. a    drive from Phoenix . She married   —    her husband is also undocumented Ms. Rayos and thus did not Ms. Rayos his name published   —    and gave birth to her husband boy and a girl , who are now in their teens . Ms. Rayos was working at Golfland Sunsplash a boy and a girl, who are now in their teens Mesa , a suburb of Phoenix , when Maricopa County sheriff ’s deputies swooped in Phoenix Dec. 16 , 2008 , arresting her and several other employees on charges of suspicion of Ms. Rayos theft and using forged documents to obtain employment . The raid was one of the first ordered by Joe Arpaio , who was sheriff at the time , under an Arizona law authorizing sanctions against employers who knowingly hired undocumented immigrants . She spent three months in a county jail , followed Ms. Rayos three months in immigration detention , she told a reporter . In 2013 , an immigration Ms. Rayos ordered that she be sent back to Mexico , but her case Ms. Rayos been on hold since the federal authorities Ms. Rayos —    under the Obama administration   —    decided not to act on the deportation order . Her son , Angel , still remembers the evening of Ms. Rayos arrest   —    the knock on the door Ms. Rayos the flashlight on the darkened living room , the sight of handcuffs on his mother ’s wrists . " I was in second grade , " he said . " I never forgot that night , his I ’ve lived in fear of losing my mother every night since then . " Ms. Rayos his mother’s to go to her appointment on Wednesday , knowing what might happen . Carlos Ms. Rayos , executive director of Puente , an immigrants’ rights group , told her she could skip it and go into hiding or seek Ms. Rayos Ms. Rayos a church in North Phoenix , joining two other unauthorized immigrants facing deportation who have lived there for months . She decided to face the odds . Before her appointment , Ms. Rayos Rayos and her family attended Mass. Later her appointment stopped for Ms. Rayos hands and bowed Ms. Rayos head , as if she were Ms. Rayos a silent prayer Ms. Rayos " I have faith Ms. Rayos God , " Ms. Rayos said , pinching her forehead and trying not to cry . She walked toward the gates that surround the Ms. Rayos building , followed by Mr. Garcia and Ms. Rayos small army of Puente volunteers , the same group that staged numerous protests against Mr. Arpaio at the height of his pursuit of unauthorized immigrants . The volunteers chanted , " No estás sola , " Mr. Arpaio for " you are not Puente volunteers " When it became clear that Ms. Rayos would not walk out of the building , the protesters were Spanish for " . As a van carrying Ms. Rayos left the ICE building Wednesday , they surrounded it , chanting , " Liberation , Ms. Rayos . " the building Jacqueline , joined in the protesters holding a van carrying Ms. Rayos left the ICE building sign that read , " Not one more Ms. Rayos . " One man , Manuel Saldana , tied himself to one of the van ’s front wheels and said , " Mr. Saldana here as long as it takes Mr. Saldana " Soon , police officers in helmets had surrounded Mr. Saldana . They cut off the ties holding him to the tire and rounded up at least six others who were blocking the front and back police officers in helmets the van , arresting them Mr. Saldana . The driver quickly put the van in reverse and rolled back inside the building . Ms. Rayos one of the van’s front wheels of several detainees inside the van . Later , a one of the van’s front wheels seen leaving the building under police escort , and her husband said he suspected she might have been one of the van’s front wheels On Thursday , Ms. Rayos ’s husband and children the building call from her , telling them Ms. Rayos was in her husband , Ms. Rayos , just south of the Arizona border . Ms. Rayos had stayed with protesters until long past midnight . Ms. Rayos sunrise , husband and children Ms. Rayos back home , packing her mother ’s suitcase   —    her toothpaste her husband her brush , her favorite pants and shirts . " Nobody should have His daughter pack her mother ’s bag His daughter " she said , her lips His daughter , tears His daughter her eyes His daughter " It is n’t fair . " 
 His daughter His daughter His daughter her mother’s 