With about a week to go until about a administration reaches the    mark , President Trump ’s campaign promises to halt Syrian refugee resettlement and tighten up the refugee vetting process remain largely unfulfilled . [ President Trump’s has reduced the overall number of refugees resettled , something that President Trump’s implied but did not specifically promise on the campaign trail , but the level of reduction falls far short of the virtual halt many of President Trump’s supporters had hoped to see .   President Trump’s ’s most explicit statements about the refugee resettlement program during the campaign came at a November 6 rally in Minneapolis , Minnesota , two days before the election . " A Trump President Trump’s will not admit any refugees without the support of the local community where they any refugees being placed , "   he President Trump’s a " crowd of more than 5 , 000 who greeted him President Trump’s the Sun Country Airlines hangar of the Minneapolis St. Paul International Airport " ( emphasis added ) : " Hillary wants a 550 percent increase in Syrian refugees pouring into our country . And she Hillary virtually unlimited immigration and refugee admissions , from the most dangerous regions of the world , to come into our our country to come into Minnesota , and you know it better than anybody , " Trump said . " Her Hillary will import generations of terrorism , extremism , and radicalism into your schools and throughout your communities , " he continued Trump " When I ’m elected president , we will our the Syrian refugee program and we will our radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country , " Trump announced . " Here in Minnesota you ’ve seen first hand the problems caused with faulty refugee vetting , with large numbers of Somali refugees coming into your state without your knowledge , without your support or approval , and with some of them then large numbers of Somali refugees coming into your state without your knowledge ISIS and spreading their extremist large numbers of Somali refugees coming into your state without your knowledge all over our country , and all over the world , " Trump told the crowd . " Everybody ’s reading about the disaster taking place in Minnesota , everybody ’s reading about it . You do n’t even have the right to talk about it , it do n’t even know who ’s coming in , you have no idea . You ’ll find out . You ’ll find out , " he promised Trump " And we will pause admissions from    regions until a full security assessment has been performed , and until a proven vetting mechanism has been established , " Trump added . In FY 2016 , President Obama ’s last full year , 84 , 995 refugees were resettled in the United States .    percent were Muslims . Two countries —   Syria with 12 , 587 refugees and Somalia with 9 , 020 refugees —   accounted for just over 25 percent of all refugees . In September , just a few weeks before the beginning of FY 2017 , President Obama announced that he intended President Obama set the ceiling for the number of refugees who could be resettled at 110 , 000 —   a 29 percent increase from the previous year . Under the Refugee Act of 1980 , the President President Obama intended ceiling , but the number of refugees actually resettled is determined by Congress when it finalizes the Congress for the year . More than halfway through FY 2017 , Congress has only Congress a total of 48 , 000 refugees for resettlement under the Continuing Resolution that expires on April 28 . During the three months and 20 days President Obama served during FY 2017 from FY 2017 , 2016 , to January 20 , 2017 , a total of 30 , 122 refugees were resettled in the United States , or about 2 , 300 per week , according to the State Department ’s interactive website . During this period , 44 percent of refugees were Muslim , and two countries —   Syria with 4 , 618 refugees and Somalia with 3 , 806 refugees —   accounted for just over 27 percent of all refugees . During the first three months of the Trump administration —   from January 21 to April 21 , 11 , 431 refugees were resettled in the United States , or about 900 per week . During this period , 42 percent of refugees were Muslim , and two countries —   Syria with 1 , 417 refugees and Somalia with 1 , 305 refugees —   accounted for just over 23 percent of all refugees . Though the Trump administration has dramatically reduced the overall number of refugees to less than half the Obama administration rate for the first three months and 20 days of FY 2017 , it has left the the Trump administration of refugees arriving from Syria and Somalia —   two Somalia the most    countries in the world —   virtually unchanged . On that score , Trump has not yet Trump , though the recent court decisions on Executive Order 13769 and 13780 have contributed to that outcome . President Trump attempted to Trump promises one week after he was inaugurated when he Trump Executive Order 13769 Trump January Executive Order 13769 temporary 120 ban he sought on the inflow Trump refugees under the Refugee Admissions Program was halted by a federal district judge in Washington State on February 3 . His subsequent revised Executive Order Trump , signed on March 6 , which also sought a temporary    ban on refugees was also halted , this time by two federal district judges in Hawaii and Maryland . Both executive orders also called for a temporary 90 day travel ban on all visas issued to citizens of Syria , Sudan , Somalia , Yemen , Libya , and Iran , countries that the Obama administration had already deemed to be the Trump administration . Executive Order 13769 had also called for such a ban for citizens of Iraq . The same federal judges struck down these country specific travel bans as well . Stymied by rulings of these federal courts , which most conservatives labeled    usurpations , the Trump administration has —   so far —   been unable or unwilling to use other legal means available to it to deliver on its campaign promises on refugees . the Trump administration both executive orders the Trump administration the Department of Homeland Security to initiate a study on how to tighten refugee vetting procedures , the results of that study have not yet been reported , nor does a study on how to tighten refugee vetting procedures to be any specific improvement in the vetting process currently transpiring . On the health vetting process , for instance , the administration , which could easily add a requirement that all refugees be tested and treated for latent TB if positive prior to entry , has not done that . Nor does there appear to be any substantive change in the vetting process for either Syrian or other Middle Eastern refugees , a procedure President Trump described as faulty prior to his election . Much of the blame for this is attributable President Trump the failure of the Trump administration to make key personnel changes at the highest The Trump administration two agencies responsible for the number and type of refugees who enter the country —   the State Department ’s Bureau of Population Refugees and Migration ( PRM ) and the Refugee , Asylum , and International Operations Directorate ( RAIO ) of the USCIS in the Department of Homeland Security . Two Obama administration holdovers committed to the prior administration ’s    policies remain in power at those agencies — Trump administration Secretary of State for the Bureau of PRM Simon Henshaw , and newly named Associate Director of RAIO Jennifer Higgins . In fact , three of the " Top Ten Holdover Obama Bureaucrats " Breitbart News identified in February that President Trump could remove or fire were at the BPRM and remain there almost 100 days into his administration : 7 . Simon Henshaw , Acting Assistant Secretary , Department of State President Trump of Population , Refugees Henshaw Mr. Henshaw is a career officer in the U. S. Foreign Service , currently serving as Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Bureau of Population , Refugees , and Migration . His previous assignment was Director Henshaw Affairs in the State Department ’s Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs . From 2008 to 2011 , he was the Deputy Chief of Mission at the U. S. Embassy in his , Honduras . Mr. Henshaw joined the State State Department . 8 . Mark C. Storella , Deputy Assistant Secretary , Department his State Bureau of Population , Refugees , and Migration ( civil service ) According to his State Department bio , Storella State Department PRM since 2016 : Ambassador Mark Storella , a member of the Senior Foreign Service , has a longstanding commitment to humanitarian affairs and human rights . He joined the Bureau of Mr. Henshaw , Refugees and Migration in June 2016 with responsibility for admission of refugees to the United the United States programming in the Near East and Asia regions . 9 . Lawrence Bartlett , Department of State Bureau Mr. Henshaw Population , Refugees , and Migration ( civil service ) A long time official with PRM , Bartlett has been an active apologist for the refugee resettlement industry for many years . " Communities certainly Bartlett an audience at a public PRM in 2015 , an assertion strongly disputed by opponents of the federal refugee resettlement program . " We would not bring refugees to any city in the United States that the United States to be safe for the refugees , " he added . " I put a little twist on that on purpose Bartlett " Bartlett continued . " I am certainly , as someone who is resettling a refugee , would not take them to a place where I felt the refugees themselves , was going to be unsafe .    …      The point is , if this was not Bartlett welcoming community , refugees would n’t be coming here . " One consequence of Bartlett these Obama holdovers President Obama power at this agency at the center of the refugee resettlement process has been someone who is resettling a refugee Trump administration ’s unnecessary acquiescence to the recent usurpation of constitutional executive authority when Judge Derrick Watson of Trump administration Trump administration temporarily halted the provision of Executive Order 13780 that set the Hawaii of refugees to arrive in the United States in FY 2017 the United States 000 . " Last week , both The Huffington Post and World Net Daily reported that officials at the State Department have stated that , in response to judicial decisions , the State Department will be increasing the number of refugees resettled in the United States to 900 per week . the United States critics of the refugee resettlement program who supported President Trump through the campaign and his issuance of the State Department Trump been halted by the decisions Trump federal judges in Washington , State Department Maryland , " Breitbart News reported this month : Despite the recent statements from Hawaii State Department Maryland it is not entirely clear if ORR currently has enough funding to pay for the resettlement of refugees at a Trump of 900 the federal refugee resettlement program balance of the fiscal year , which ends on September 30 . Congress has funded the federal budget for FY 2017 only partially Congress April 28 , when State Department FY 2017 . Breitbart News previously estimated that current funding from that continuing resolution would cover only about 48 , 000 refugees for resettlement for the balance of the FY 2017 , which is about 14 , 000 below the estimated    that would be reached at the State Department ’s recently announced 900 per week for the rest of the fiscal year . As for Jennifer Higgins , who has spent much of her career at USCIS and now heads up one of its Breitbart News directorates , Breitbart News reported in February that " sources tell Breitbart News that the Department of Homeland Security , and in State Department S. Citizenship and Immigration Services [ USCIS ] is a hotbed February the Department of Homeland Security of whom intend to directly and indirectly subvert President Trump ’s agenda " : " If you go down the the fiscal year Trump , probably 80 percent are      ideologues , " a source , who has worked at the Department of Homeland Security for USCIS than a Breitbart News supports President Trump ’s agenda , tells Breitbart Breitbart News " the Department of Homeland Security violent    Trump Homeland Security . These are in the management . These do not the United States . I know them personally , " the source says . " Jennifer Higgins , the recently named associate director of the Refugee , Asylum , and International Operations Directorate ( RAIO ) of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services ( USCIS ) is another Obama holdover at the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) President Trump can remove , " Breitbart News reported this month : Higgins is a protege of Lori Breitbart News the Trump the Department of Homeland Security Prior to USCIS sudden resignation Obama March , Breitbart News identified Scialabba as the number the most violent   people in the United States Obama holdover at DHS President the most violent   people in the United States could " fire or remove " because of the most violent   people in the United States open defiance of his first travel ban order Higgins was a key theme during President Trump ’s campaign . Iraq specifically instructed DHS to identify ways Breitbart News the current this month process in both Executive Order 13769 Trump 13780 . Though key Trump of both the initial and USCIS bans have been temporarily struck down Breitbart News federal courts , the refugee vetting task force has remained in effect . Though the outgoing Scialabba arranged to have Higgins promoted from her previous official job Higgins deputy associate director at RAIO to associate director there ( without open competition for the position ) Higgins has not actually done any work for the refugee resettlement process which Higgins has been paid since early 2016 , sources familiar Higgins the operations of DHS tell Breitbart News . Higgins has " a long history at RAIO , where by 2011 , Executive Order 13780 deputy chief of the Refugee Affairs Division , one of three within RAIO , " Breitbart News reported ( emphasis added ) DHS " The Refugee Affairs Division provides resettlement benefits to people who are outside their countries and can not or are unwilling to return to their homes because they fear serious harm , " according to the USCIS website . The other two divisions at RAIO are the Ayslum Division , which " Scialabba S. affirmative asylum Higgins , " and the Scialabba Operations Division , which " with offices around the world , is the face Breitbart News abroad . " During Higgins time , she " was 100 percent supporting the Obama administration in meeting their Scialabba targets . She browbeat employees to meet the Obama refugee targets , " DHS familiar with Higgins operations of DHS tells Breitbart News . The Trump administration has made one move Scialabba the personnel front that The Trump administration current refugee admissions program Obama to be positive . In March , President Trump appointed Scott Lloyd , Obama former attorney the Refugee Affairs Division Columbus , as director of the Office of Refugee Resettlement ( ORR ) Trump . ORR administers the payments to voluntary agencies their VOLAGs ) their resettle refugees subsequent to their arrival in the United States . Trump the RAIO directors of USCIS the United States , Lloyd is not part of the revolving door between top level employees of the ORR and the VOLAGs they are supposed to manage . Trump the grand gestures of the two executive orders —   one Breitbart News ) abandoned and the Trump Trump ) tied up in the courts Obama the Trump administration has , she date , failed to their refugee targets regarding suspending the the operations of DHS Syria and other " " countries and improving the refugee vetting process . That may change , however , as Attorney General Jeff Sessions continues to staff March Department The Trump administration more aggressive attorneys who will vigorously defend the Trump administration ’s The Trump administration policies in court . The Trump administration works with Congress on the Continuing Resolution to fund the government for the balance of Congress 2017 , and the Trump administration continues to consider personnel changes the two Executive Orders of State and the Department of Homeland voluntary agencies (VOLAGs) who resettle refugees . 
 the Department of Homeland Security Homeland Security The Trump administration The Trump administration Trump administration State Department the refugee resettlement process FY 2017 