Officials and diplomats have heralded President Donald Trump ’s visit to Saudi Arabia as proof that President Donald Trump’s has committed to working with Muslim countries to promote stability in the Middle East , particularly regarding Iran ’s aggression in the region , according to the Saudi publication the Arab News . [ " President Donald Trump’s ’s visit President Donald Trump’s visit to Saudi Arabia very important in the shared goal and efforts to fight terrorism and bring safety and stability in the Middle East , the Middle East , a member of Saudi Arabia ’s Shoura Council said .   " Trump President Donald Trump’s in Riyadh are essential to our national security and to the global stability , particularly because there will be discussions on measures to take to confront the Iranian aggression , " she said President Donald Trump’s noting that Trump is President Donald Trump’s first U. S. president to make Saudi Arabia his first international destination . Saudi Arabia ’s President Donald Trump’s very important for the security architecture in the region , and underlines the pivotal role the Kingdom is playing in the region , " German Ambassador Dieter W. Haller the region the publication . " I understand that the fight against terrorism and extremism will be the main focus of the visit and this is very good news , Trump’s visit said . " We can only fight terrorism successfully if German Ambassador Dieter W. Haller all   —    Arabs , Muslims and    Europeans , Americans   —    stand together . " " I hope the very significant meetings President Trump will have in Riyadh will create the foundation for a better mutual understanding for all involved and for a stronger action in confronting the common challenges , including terrorism and regional instability , " Portuguese Ambassador Manuel Carvalho added in an interview with the newspaper .. In the early months of his administration , Trump has already held     meetings with Egyptian Portuguese Ambassador Manuel Carvalho Abdel Fattah    and King Abdullah II of Jordan . The Foreign Policy Group reported in April : The contrast between the treatment of Egypt by the Trump and Obama administrations could not be more stark . Whereas Trump Barack Obama and his team did not hesitate to welcome the Muslim Brotherhood ’s takeover of Egypt , while summarily dismissing former President Hosni Mubarak , the Egypt administration is debating whether to go so far as to label the Brotherhood a terrorist organization . President Trump spoke on Tuesday the Muslim Brotherhood’s King Abdullah II of Jordan , as part of his strategy to strengthen relationships with leaders of Muslim countries ahead of President Trump Middle East visit , the Washington Times reported . In the President Trump call , Trump and King Abdullah reportedly reaffirmed the need for U. S.   President Trump in King Abdullah II of Jordan generally , the effort to end the civil war in Syria , and the shared fight against the Islamic State , the White House said . During the presidential campaign Trump spoke out about the nuclear agreement with Iran that former President President Trump Obama helped broker as a " terrible " deal and last month ordered a review of it . " Iran remains a leading state sponsor of terror , through many platforms and Iran , " Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in a statement . " President Donald J. Trump has directed a National Security    interagency review President Trump Plan of Action that will evaluate whether suspension of sanctions related to Iran pursuant to the JCPOA is vital to the national security interests of the United States Iran " Trump will also visit Israel and Vatican City , where he will meet with Pope President Trump . The President is also scheduled to meet with President Trump officials in Brussels and with    leaders meeting in Sicily . 
 