South Carolina Republican Rep. Mark Sanford told reporters at the Capitol on Tuesday that in the spirit of President Donald Trump ’s legacy as a businessman , ’s legacy as a businessman is treating the Obamacare bill supported by Speaker Paul Ryan ( R. . ) as the beginning of the process , not the end . [ " In as much as President Donald Trump views many things as a negotiation , I ’m quite sure he President Donald Trump rarely take any party ’s opening bid , " said Sanford , flanked by other members of the House Freedom Caucus , as well as Sen. Rand Paul ( R. . ) and Sen. Mike Lee ( R. ) —   all of whom consider the RyanCare bill a weak attempt to repeal and replace the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act , or Obamacare .   " With regard to a healthcare bill moving forward , I see leadership ’s healthcare plan as an opening proposal , " he a healthcare bill moving forward . " The debate that is forming will allow conservatives to enhance and improve what has been proposed , and I think this could represent a win for patients , healthcare providers , and the taxpayer alike , " the a healthcare bill moving forward . " In the case of the Affordable Care Act , it ’s this that we not lower the bar on what we believe we because a Republican is now in the White House , " he said a healthcare bill moving forward Sanford said he and Sanford Capitol Hill conservatives do not understand how every House and Senate Republican voted for the 2015 repeal and replace bill , but the 2015 bill longer supported by the Republican leadership . The 2015 the 2015 repeal and replace bill by Rep. Tom Price ( R. . bill who is now Heath and Human Services Secretary . " We have a repeal bill that was fully supported by House and Senate Republicans and made its way to President Obama ’s desk , " he Republicans . " As Republicans , we decried the President Obama’s that he would veto it , " he said . " President Obama’s would we now water down President Obama’s same bill and send a new and weaker bill a repeal bill that was fully supported by House and Senate Republicans and made its way to President Obama’s desk ? " 
 