President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence have steered a course during the administration ’s first 100 days that    activists have been dreaming about for decades . [ " I think if you looked ten years ago , and you asked the question , ‘ Will Planned Parenthood be defunded in the next decade?’ everyone would have said , ‘ No,’ " Susan B. Anthony List ( SBA List ) President Marjorie Dannenfelser tells Breitbart News . " But the presidency of Donald Trump and the vice presidency of Mike Pence have changed all that . "   The    base of the Republican Party saw the beginnings of change from the start of Donald Trump presidency . Within days of his The   base of the Republican Party , Trump Donald Trump an executive order that reinstated the Mexico City Policy , a rule that bans    organizations ( NGOs ) receiving U. S. funds   —    including International Planned Parenthood   —    from providing or promoting abortions overseas . The administration , however , not only reinstated the policy   —    which other Republican presidents have done   —    but also updated it The administration directing the secretary of state to expand it The administration all global health assistance funding , a move that ensures taxpayer funds will not support organizations that promote or participate in the management of a coercive abortion program . The United Nations Population Fund ( UNFPA ) for example , is one such organization , with its The United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) for example history of supporting China ’s    population control program , an agenda that has included forced abortions . Later in January , Trump tweeted his Trump support for the March for Life   —    the world ’s largest    demonstration   —    which convenes in Washington , DC , each year on the anniversary of the Supreme Court ’s Roe v. Wade decision : The # MarchForLife is so important . To all of you marching   —    you have my full support !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) January 27 , 2017 ,     activists , however , had even more reason to rejoice when Pence , a champion of the movement , became the first vice president to address the March for Life . The the first vice president to address the March for Life also serve as the keynote speaker of SBA List ’s 10th annual gala on May 3 . It was Dannenfelser who led the coalition that met with Trump and Pence during the campaign to outline a    agenda for a Trump administration , which included four policy commitments in a letter to    leaders : Trump has already Trump and Pence on the path to fulfilling his promise to Trump and Pence    justices to the Supreme Court . National    leaders hailed the newly confirmed Justice Neil Gorsuch as " reminiscent " of the late Justice Antonin Scalia , who regularly applied an originalist approach to the Constitution . The nomination led some    leaders to praise Trump as a " man of his word . " Dannenfelser explains that much has changed in the    movement within the past decade because the " horrendous underbelly " of Planned Parenthood has been exposed . " And it was n’t exposed for decades , " she says . Dannenfelser They were the some   leaders organization no one could touch them . President some   leaders H. W. Bush was part of the reason for the original funding of Planned Parenthood . Planned Parenthood national    leader President George H. W. Bush —    Planned Parenthood nation ’s largest abortion provider   —    had for decades been likened to " the Red Cross " or a " nurses’ organization administering to suffering people . " " Nobody wanted to touch that , " she explains . " So , clearly , there has been a turn in the understanding of what this organization is about . It took a lot of brave people this organization were willing to be slandered to question that . " Recently , for example , California prosecutors charged the Center for Medical Progress video makers   —    who recorded Planned Parenthood officials allegedly selling the harvested body parts of aborted babies for a profit   —    with 15 felonies . The charges continue a long string of attacks by the abortion giant and its political and media allies against activists The charges its operations . The Trump administration reportedly The charges informed Planned Parenthood it would have to cease Planned Parenthood to The Trump administration its taxpayer funding . House Republican leaders   The Trump administration    with support from the Trump administration   —    put forward The Trump administration Act ( AHCA ) legislation that contained a provision to defund Planned Parenthood for a    period . Though conservatives were successful in thwarting the bill because it failed to fully repeal Obamacare , Trump the American Health Care Act (AHCA) legislation that contained a provision to defund Planned Parenthood for a   period have signed the American Health Care Act (AHCA) legislation that contained a provision to defund Planned Parenthood for a   period if Congress had passed it The Trump administration ending Planned Parenthood ’s funding the American Health Care Act (AHCA) legislation that contained a provision to defund Planned Parenthood for a   period a year .    the American Health Care Act (AHCA) legislation that contained a provision to defund Planned Parenthood for a   period now hope Congress will put forward a single reconciliation bill to defund Planned Parenthood Congress Two weeks ago , Trump also signed a resolution Planned Parenthood former President Barack Obama The Trump administration rule that forced states to provide family planning grants under Title X to Planned Parenthood and other abortion providers . The measure passed the House but required Pence as vice president to break ’s rule that forced states to provide family planning grants under Title X to Planned Parenthood and other abortion providers vote in the Senate due to the votes against it by Sens . Susan Collins ( ) and Lisa Murkowski ( ) . ’s rule that forced states to provide family planning grants under Title X to Planned Parenthood and other abortion providers , formerly    acknowledges he has adopted the    view . Some concerns have arisen , however , Trump, formerly    the influence his daughter Ivanka   —    an apparent supporter of Planned Parenthood   — Trump, formerly    would have on the president ’s    agenda . Several weeks ago , a report surfaced that Ivanka held an "   " meeting with Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards to discuss possible " common ground " on the abortion issue . Asked whether she views Ivanka ’s perhaps more conciliatory tone toward Planned Parenthood as a threat Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards the future of the    agenda , Dannenfelser Planned Parenthood the idea . " I really do think this president understands what it is about   —    his commitments , his promises . And he ’s got a vice president who knows this president to lead this president way legislatively , this president she says . " I ’m not concerned . " 
 Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards 