President Donald Trump took to Twitter Monday evening and asked why are n’t congressional lawmakers probing the various deals , transactions , and connections former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton have to Russia . [ " Why is n’t the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill   Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia , Russian speech , " read Trump ’s first tweet , which was followed by , "   …     money to Bill , Russian " reset , " praise of Russia by Hillary , Hillary Podesta Russian Company . Trump Russia Trump is a hoax . # MAGA ! "   Why is n’t the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill   Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia , Russian speech Russian …     .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 28 , 2017 ,     …     money to Bill , the Hillary Russian , " praise of Russia by Hillary , or Podesta Hillary Company . Trump Russia story is a hoax . # MAGA !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 28 , 2017 ,   Trump ’s assertion that Trump of State Clinton " allowed big Uranium to go to Russia " and Bill Clinton ’s    " Russian speech " were allegations first reported by The New York Times ( NYT ) and based on research from the NYT bestseller Clinton Cash , authored by Breitbart News     Peter Schweizer . The facts found in Clinton Cash , reported Clinton Cash NYT , and deemed accurate by establishment media reveal how Clinton ’s tenure as Secretary of State coincided with the influx of tens of millions of dollars from foreign sources into the Clinton Foundation which resulted in favorable actions for Russia ’s government . Indeed the Clinton Foundation had received the Clinton Foundation from several investors in Uranium One , a    company in which a majority stake was sold to Russia ’s nuclear energy agency , Rosatom Russia’s a lucrative deal needing approval from Clinton ’s State Department and eight other federal agencies . " The sale gave the Russians control of    of all uranium production capacity in the United States , " The New York Times confirmed .   The " deal , " as Trump points out , refers to how donations to the Clinton Foundation from executives of    Uranium One had exceeded $ 145 million , according to the New York Times . In fact , The New York Times from uranium investors spiked just as the deal the Clinton Foundation ’s Rosatom to secure Uranium One was being finalized . A troublesome series of undisclosed donations came from former Uranium One chairman Ian Telfer . Telfer made four foreign donations totaling $ 2 . 35 million to former Uranium One chairman Ian Telfer Clinton Foundation while the uranium deal was being negotiated . However the Clinton Foundation noted , " the deal for Russia’s Rosatom to secure Uranium One not publicly disclosed by the Clintons , despite an agreement Mrs. Clinton had struck with the Obama White House to publicly identify all donors . Other people with ties to the company made donations as well . " " We made mistakes , as many organizations former Uranium One chairman Ian Telfer size do , but we are acting quickly former Uranium One chairman Ian Telfer remedy them , " The Clinton Foundation former Uranium One chairman Ian Telfer at the time . former Uranium One chairman Ian Telfer Hillary Clinton ’s failure to many organizations of our size do the millions in donations her family foundation received from Teller was Mrs. Clinton violation of the Memorandum of Understanding she signed with Mrs. Clinton Obama administration promising to disclose all foreign donations during her tenure as Secretary of Mrs. Clinton . More troubling still , was the $ 500 , 000 speech Mrs. Clinton Clinton delivered in Moscow that was paid for by " a Russian investment bank that had ties to the Kremlin " at the time of the Uranium One deal , the New Yorker confirmed . " Why was Bill Clinton taking any money from a bank linked to the Kremlin while his wife was Secretary of Bill Clinton " asks the liberal publication . Trump ’s calls the Kremlin federal Bill Clinton into the Clintons’ Russia ties come amid a partisan push to link the President and his aides to Russian    and collusion during the presidential campaign . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 Trump 