Welcome to the Breitbart News Livewire of President Donald Trump ’s first address to a Joint Session of Congress . President Donald Trump will address the nation at 9:00 pm eastern from the Hall of the House of Representatives , where he President Donald Trump expected to lay out a broad vision of his President Donald Trump ’s agenda . [ Topics he President Donald Trump expected to address include Obamacare , immigration , the border wall , his President Donald Trump , military buildup , veteran affairs , national security , trade ,    economy , education , and law enforcement . He President Donald Trump touch on the same themes that propelled him President Donald Trump the White House . Look for an emphasis on America First   —    with the phrase " buy American and hire American " as his President Donald Trump ’s policy lodestar .   Capitol Hill is looking for any indication of Trump ’s preference on the various Obamacare replacement proposals . Politico , however , reports that Trump Trump unlikely to embrace any specific plan . Breitbart ’s Sean Moran offers a primer on the various Obamacare Obamacare plans . Trump Trump is also being hotly debated . Jonathan Swan at Axios reports that Trump is Trump expected to explicitly endorse Speaker Paul Ryan ’s border adjustment tax tonight , which , Swan reports , Trump ’s Trump " divided on . The nationalist wing of the White House   —    led by Steve Bannon   —    supports the plan to raise $ 1 trillion by hiking taxes on imports . Officials closer to corporate America , including top economic advisor Gary Cohn and Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin , are said to be deeply skeptical . " Ryan wants the border adjustment tax to offset any Trump tax cut proposal . Swan has updated his initial story Ryan note the White House talking points about the address state : " We must have fair trade for our workers   —    foreign countries can no longer be allowed to tax our exports while shipping goods into our country for free . " This language might suggest an openness to the border adjustment tax concept or simply signal a willingness to use tariffs . The budget debate is also expected to be contentious in the coming weeks with Sen. Lindsay Graham ( ) declaring the president ’s budget " dead on arrival " because of Trump ’s proposed cuts to the State Department . Meanwhile , there are also reports that Trump might be Trump’s proposed cuts to the State Department to " an immigration bill as long as there is compromise on both sides . " As Breitbart ’s Neil Munro points out , take these reports with reports that Trump might be open to "an immigration bill as long as there is compromise on both sides of salt until further details of such a deal are hashed out . We can also expect the usual D. C. partisan drama tonight . Some Democrat lawmakers are boycotting the address , including Rep. Maxine Waters ( ) . Others are bringing illegal immigrants with them as their guests Others First Others Melania Trump ’s guests , on the other hand , reportedly include Jessica Davis , Susan Oliver , and Jamiel Shaw , Sr .   —    each of whom lost loved ones to illegal immigrant criminals . Stay with us throughout the evening as we offer live updates us All times eastern . Watch the speech live on Breitbart ’s Facebook here . * * * 12:09 am   —    Watching the cable news replay of the speech one is struck again by the impolite manner in which Democrat lawmakers refused to even clap as a show of acknowledgment or greeting to the president at the President Obama his address . Republicans were President Obama this impolite to President Obama during his State of the Union President Obama . The closest thing that comes to mind is South Carolina Congressman Joe Wilson ’s infamous " you lie ! " outburst during Obama ’s address to Congress President Obama , but even that was widely condemned by his fellow Republicans , which is the sort of    you ’ll never see Democrats do among themselves and certainly not for any Democrats given to this president . 11:31 pm   —    America liked it . Bigly . . @CNN poll for # JointAddress : 57 % very positive , 21 % somewhat positive , 21 % negative 69 % say Trump ’s policies will move USA in positive dir ,   America    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 1 , 2017 ,   . @CNN poll shows 78 %   —    4 out of 5 Americans !   —    said Trump ’s # jointaddress speech was Trump’s " ( 57 % ) or " somewhat " ( 21 % ) positive . A triumph .   —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 1 , 2017 ,   11:28 pm   —    Coulter in fine form tonight as usual . The best speech I ’ve have ever witnessed from Washington .   —    Ann Coulter ( @AnnCoulter ) March 1 , 2017 ,   MSNBC weirdly silent . Scribbling notes   —    any ideas ?   I got nothing .   —    Ann Coulter ( @AnnCoulter ) March 1 , 2017 ,   The media ’s job tonight is to keep Trump ’s numbers from skyrocketing tomorrow .   —    Ann Coulter ( @AnnCoulter ) March 1 , 2017 ,   I love when Democrats pretend to be salt of the earth , straw hat hayseeds . https :   .    —    Ann Coulter ( @AnnCoulter ) March 1 , 2017 ,   Next year , the Dem response will be from a square dance .   —    Ann Coulter ( @AnnCoulter ) March 1 , 2017 ,   11:22 pm   —    A new record : Twitter : With 3 M tweets , tonight ’s @POTUS speech was most tweeted # SOTU or # JointSession address ever , surpassing previous record of 2 . 6M.   —    Garance    ( @thegarance ) March 1 , 2017 ,   11:21 pm   —    Even Alexrod   …      Axelrod : Trump will get a bump in polls from speech https :   .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 1 , 2017 ,   11:16 pm   —    Team DNC   …      The DNC response to # JointAddress on @MSNBC features BOTH @TomPerez and @keithellison pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 1 , 2017 ,   11:14 pm   —    Sad . When asked about the speech DNC Chair Perez sarcastically clapped :   " oh , he read a TelePrompTer ! ! It DNC Chair Perez like my kid ate and did n’t spill ! "   —    Michael LaRosa ( @MichaelLaRosaDC ) March 1 , 2017 ,   11:09 pm   —    Here ’s video of Van Jones’ comments   …      Van Jones : Trump " became President of the United States " when he honored the widow of the Navy     Van Jones killed in Yemen https :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) March 1 , 2017 ,   11:06 pm   —    hail to the chief   …      . @WhiteHouse staff welcomes @POTUS back after historic   powerful # JointAddress pic . twitter .    —    Sean Spicer ( @PressSec ) March 1 , 2017 ,   11:05 pm   —     . @newtgingrich to @seanhannity on Trump # JointAddress " Best speech of his career . I ’m blown away @newtgingrich …     very profound   …     Democrats were startled . "   —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 1 , 2017 ,   CNN ’s Anderson Cooper : " This Was Probably , Without A Doubt , One Of His Best Speeches " https :   .   via ,   —    Steve Guest ( @SteveGuest ) March 1 , 2017 ,   Speechless   …      McConnell predicts Trump approval rating will rise : " I rarely find my counterpart , Chuck Schumer , speechless . "   —    Brett LoGiurato ( @BrettLoGiurato ) March 1 , 2017 ,   10:57 pm   —    Grumpy Chuck   …      " Speeches go away very quickly , " says @SenSchumer hopefully to @CNN . I ’ve never seen him so unhappy in front of a @SenSchumer ever # JointAddress ,   —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 1 , 2017 ,   10:52 pm   —    For what it ’s worth , here is more from Luntz ’s focus group : " This is the ’Donald Trump’ Donald Trump needs to be , and the next thing he needs to do is delete his the ’Donald Trump’ Donald Trump , " focus group member the ’Donald Trump’ Donald Trump . pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) March 1 , 2017 ,   10:51 pm   —    Was he someone ’s guest ? A @JoeNBC sighting . pic . twitter .    —    Maegan Vazquez ( @maeganvaz ) March 1 , 2017 ,   10:48 pm   —    So awkward   …      I have no idea who Steve Beshear is , but neither does Steve Beshear pic . twitter .    Steve Beshear The Swog Blog ( @TheSwogBlog ) March 1 , 2017 ,   Senator Rand Paul ( ) reminds Beshear   …      As @realDonaldTrump just said in # JointAddress , we have already taken taken action to help Kentucky coal miners .   https :   .    —    Senator Rand Paul ( @RandPaul ) March 1 , 2017 ,   10:45 pm   —    From the New York Times’ LA bureau chief : Winners tonight : The teleprompter .   —    adam nagourney ( @adamnagourney ) March 1 , 2017 ,   And they wonder why Trump calls them the " ) March 1, 2017,   party Trump " 10:42 ) March 1, 2017,     —    Wow . Van Jones re : Carryn Owens   —    " He became President of the United States in Van Jones moment . the United States # JointAddress ,   —    Breitbart News ( @BreitbartNews ) March 1 , 2017 ,   Yikes ! Van Jones just said " Donald Trump just became First Lady Melania Trump Van Jones . " # JointAddress # CNN pic . twitter . that moment    Stephe96 ( @Stephe96 ) March 1 , 2017 ,   Fox News’ Juan Williams just said @realDonaldTrump was " playing the fear card " when he talked about VOICE for victims of illegal alien crime ,   — Juan Williams Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 1 , 2017 ,   . @krauthammer on # Trumpaddress : " Without a doubt , the best speech he ever gave . " Says he should have given it at Inauguration Juan Williams # jointaddress ,   — Juan Williams Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 1 , 2017 ,   10:41 pm   —    Watch the video of Trump ’s address here . 10:32 pm   Trump    2020   …      If this is the best response the Dems can come up with , @realDonaldTrump just won 2020 in a landslide . # JointAddress ,   —    John Cardillo ( @johncardillo ) March 1 , 2017 ,   Tucker Carlson on Fox News commenting on the Democrats’ response : " They found the only person in Kentucky who did n’t vote for Donald #JointAddress,  —   John Cardillo (@johncardillo) March 1, 2017,  Tucker Carlson on Fox News . " 10:29 Kentucky —    Even Beck   …      Not a fan of nationalism , progressivism , populism or Bannon ( essence of this speech),BUT : well done and connected   . # jointsession # sotu ,   —    Glenn Beck ( @glennbeck ) March 1 , 2017 ,   Other reactions :   # Trump critic @brithume of @FoxNews : the @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Trump struck the balance as well as I ’ve ever seen it struck " # Trumpaddress ,   —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak the balance March 1 , 2017 ,   More @brithume on # Trumpaddress : " [ M]ost emotional moment I ’ve ever seen was Ryan #Trumpaddress , standing there    …      and reacting as she did . "   —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 1 Ryan Owens’ widow 2017 ,   President Trump should also talk about police violence and Trump , 000 people killed by police every year . # JointSession ,   —    ACLU National ( @ACLU ) March 1 , 2017 ,   Pelosi reacts   & gt pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) March 1 , 2017 ,   10:26 pm   —    Sad . Kentucky governor @Steve__Beshear had a senior moment at the beginning of the Democratic Kentucky . Here ’s what he was supposed to say : pic . twitter .    —    Frank Luntz ( Kentucky governor @Steve__Beshear ) March 1 , 2017 ,   This is n’t working . # DemResponse ,   —    Laura Ingraham ( @IngrahamAngle ) March 1 , 2017 ,   I ’m not sure what the point of the # Democraticresponse to # Trumpaddress is , but I have a sudden thirst for a fountain soda pop with #Trumpaddress ,   —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 1 , 2017 ,   10:22 pm   —    Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin tells Breitbart News that " Trump articulated Breitbart hope without the dope . It was Trump and a relief after all that we ’ve experienced over the past 8 years . " 10:14 pm   —     21 focus group members : • 19 said Trump ’s speech was better than expected , • 9 Trump voters#JointAddress pic . twitter .    —    Frank Luntz ( @FrankLuntz ) March 1 , 2017 ,   10:10 pm   —    Sad behavor from these Democrats . As JFK famously once said about Nixon : " No class . " Sobbing widow of slain Navy Seal receives 2 minute standing ovation .   Debbie Wasserman Schultz   Keith Ellison stay firmly seated , no claps ,   —    Benny ( @bennyjohnson ) March 1 , 2017 ,   Democrats disgrace themselves by clearing out from @POTUS @realDonaldTrump speech as soon as possible   not offering applause . # Democrats ,   —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 1 , 2017 ,   10:10 pm   —    Trump calls on all Americans to seize the moment   … Trump " The time for small thinking is over .   The time for trivial fights is behind us    …      I am asking all citizens to embrace this Renewal of the American Spirit .   I am asking all members of Congress to join me in dreaming big , and bold and daring things for our country .   And I am asking everyone watching tonight to seize this moment and   — America in yourselves . Believe in your future . And believe , once more , in America . Thank you , God bless you , and God Bless these United States . " 10:06 pm   —    Trump is concluding his address on a God , upbeat message Trump American greatness Trump " When we have all of this , we will have made America greater than ever before . For all Americans . This is our vision . we is our mission America But we can only get all Americans . We are one people we with one This . we all bleed the we blood . We all salute the we flag . And we are all made by we God . " 10:05 pm   we Trump articulates a foreign policy message that we back to George Trump . " America is willing to find new friends , and to forge new partnerships , where shared interests align .   America want harmony and stability , not war and conflict . " 10:03 pm   —    Big applause for this : we My job is not to represent the world .   My job is to represent the United States of America . " Trump called for NATO to pay the United States Trump pm   My job Sustained applause for this : America We are blessed to be joined tonight by Carryn Owens , the widow of a U. S. Navy Special Operator , Senior Chief William " Ryan " Owens .   Ryan died as he lived :   a warrior , and a hero   —     battling against terrorism and securing our Nation . I just spoke to General Mattis Ryan who reconfirmed that , and I quote , ‘ Ryan was a part of a highly successful raid that generated large amounts of vital intelligence that will lead to many more victories in the future against Ryan enemies.’   Ryan ’s legacy is etched into eternity . "   Ryan ’s wife , standing next to Ivanka Trump , holds back the tears . Trump ad Ryan : " Ryan is looking down right now , Ryan I think he ’s very happy , because he just broke a record . " Trump continues : " Ryan Bible teaches us , there is Trump greater act Ryan love than to lay down Ryan ’s life for one ’s friends .   Ryan laid down his life for his friends , for his country , and for our freedom   —     we will never forget him . " Ryan pm   Ryan    Trump Ryan America I have Ryan the Department of Homeland Trump to create an office our serve American Victims Ryan   The office is called VOICE   —     Victims Of Immigration Crime Engagement .   We are providing a voice to those who have been ignored by our an office to serve American Victims and silenced by special interests . " He then points out the stories our Jamiel Shaw , Susan Trump , Jenna Oliver , and Jessica our   —    whose families were victims of illegal immigrant criminals . Very emotional reception for families who were forgotten for so long .   There was , however , an audible groan from Democrats when Trump mentioned VOICE .   Groans and murmurs in the Democratic Trump as Trump announces new VOICE program for victims of illegal immigrant violence Trump   —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) March 1 , 2017 ,   9:52 pm   —    Trump calls for support of the men and women of law Trump and the victims of crime . " We must build bridges of cooperation and trust   —     not drive the wedge of disunity and division . " 9:49 pm   —    Trump repeats a line that former President George W. Bush often Trump , " Education is the civil rights issue of our time . " He calls for school choice . He highlights another guest   —    Denisha Merriweather , who attended a private center of learning and " with the help of former President George W. Bush tax credit scholarship program . former President George W. Bush Today , she is the first in her family to graduate , not just from high school , but from college .   Later this year she will get her masters degree in social work . she The pride on Denisha Merriweather ’s face as @POTUS tells her story of perseverance   success at private she is just she # trumpaddress ,   —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 1 , 2017 , she 9:47 pm   —    Trump introduces Megan Crowley , who was diagnosed with Pompe Disease Trump but her own father " founded a company to look for a Trump , and helped develop the drug that saved Megan ’s life .   Today she is 20 years old   —    and a sophomore at Notre Dame . " Trump highlights the story in order to call for reform of Trump Food Megan Drug Administration .   9:46 pm   —    This is n’t the sort of thing you ’d expect to see from a Republican president , but it ’s very much a populist message : " My administration wants to work with members in both parties to make childcare accessible and affordable , to help ensure This parents have paid family leave , to invest the Food and Drug Administration ’s health , and to promote clean air and clear water , and to rebuild our military and our infrastructure . " 9:42 pm   —    Trump lays out his vision of Obamacare replacement . It still Trump coverage for Trump conditions , health savings accounts Trump our reform , taking on big pharma to bring down price of drugs , and allowing the ability to purchase insurance across state lines in order to create " a truly competitive national marketplace . " House Democrats give Trump " Thumbs down " after he says he will repeal Trump replace Obamacare pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) March 1 , 2017 ,   9:41 pm   — Trump "Thumbs Corporate Trump "Thumbs may not like this speech , but focus groupers of both parties do not want them to leave the country . # JointAddress America America .    —    Frank Luntz ( @FrankLuntz ) March 1 , 2017 ,   both parties   America Huge applause groupers of both parties Trump says he ’s calling on Congress to repeal and replace Trump . Trump he comes out against the individual mandate ! " Mandating every Trump to buy    Congress insurance was never the right solution for America . " 9:38 pm   —    Trump on his American plan : " To launch our national rebuilding , I will be asking the Congress America approve legislation that produces a $ 1 trillion investment in the infrastructure of the United States   —    financed Congress Congress and private capital   —     creating millions of new jobs . " 9:36 pm   —    America reform : " Switching away from this current Trump of    immigration , and instead adopting a    system , will have many benefits :   it will save countless dollars , raise workers’ wages , and help struggling families   —     including immigrant families   —     enter the middle class . I believe that real and positive immigration reform is possible , as long as we focus on the following goals : to improve jobs and wages for Americans , to strengthen our nation ’s security , and to restore respect for our laws . " 9:35 pm   —     . @POTUS : We ’ve defended the borders of other nations , while leaving our own borders our Nation’s for anyone to cross . https : we .   pic . twitter .    —    FOX Business ( @FoxBusiness ) March 1 , 2017 ,   9:32 pm   — We Trump gets a laugh when he mentions his meeting with Harley Trump executives . He makes Trump case Trump fair trade to protect American workers Trump " I believe strongly in free trade but it also has to be FAIR TRADE . The first Republican President , Abraham Lincoln , warned that the " abandonment of the protective policy by the American Government [ will ] produce want and ruin among our people . " 9:33 pm   —    Sad . WATCH : Dems heckle Trump ’s " drain the swamp " line https :   Trump pic . twitter .    —    The Hill ( @thehill ) March 1 , 2017 ,   9:30 pm   —     Not very many Democrats in this chamber pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) March 1 , 2017 ,   Justice Kagan not looking too happy pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) March pic ,   Make sure to keep this in mind during the # JointAddress . # IStandWithPP pic . twitter .    —    Planned Parenthood ( @PPIAction ) March 1 , 2017 ,   . # Trump notes , among his accomplishments so far , that he Trump reaffirmed our unbreakable alliance Trump the State of # Israel Trump " # trumpaddress ,   —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 1 , 2017 ,   9:27 pm   —    Big standing ovation when he mentions he will appoint judges who will defend our Constitution . He Trump out Trump Maureen Scalia , the late Justice Scalia ’s wife Trump the guest of First Lady Melania Trump . Applause at the mention of his SCOTUS nominee Trump pm   —    No equivocating in this language Trump " As promised , I directed the Department of Defense to develop a plan to demolish and destroy ISIS   —    a network of lawless savages that have slaughtered Muslims and Christians , and men , women , and children of all faiths and beliefs .   We will work with our allies , including our friends and allies in the Muslim world , to extinguish this vile enemy from our planet . " 9:25 pm   —    He makes the case for vetting : " We have seen the attacks in France , in We , in Germany We all over the world . It is not compassionate , but reckless , to We uncontrolled entry from places where proper vetting can not occur .   Those given the high honor of admission to the United States should support this country and love its people and its values . We can not allow a beachhead of terrorism to form inside America   —    we can not allow our America a sanctuary for extremists America 9:22 pm   America    Here America the Trump who won the election : " We must restore integrity and America rule of law Trump our borders . For that reason our Nation will soon We the construction of We great wall along our southern border . It will be started ahead of schedule and , when finished , it will be a very effective weapon against drugs and crime . As we speak We we are removing gang members , We dealers and criminals that threaten our communities and prey on We citizens .   Bad ones are going out as I speak tonight and as I It promised . " He calls out Dems directly : " To any in Congress who we not believe we should enforce our laws , I would ask we this question :   what would you say to the American family that loses Congress jobs , their income , or a loved one , Dems America refused to uphold its laws and defend its borders ? Dems 9:20 pm Dems —    Sad   …      Democrats laughing and hollering when Trump says he has begun to " drain the swamp of government America " their — America Charlie Trump ( America ) March 1 , 2017 ,   9:18 pm   —    Trump gets applause for mentioning he cleared the way for the Dakota Access Pipeline , and Trump ’ll be using American Trump on all the pipelines . 9:16 pm   —    He explains what he has already done to keep his promises to bring jobs back to Trump U. S. Trump also mentions the stock market Trump and the cost cutting savings he ’s already done Trump He notes the hiring freeze and the efforts to " drain Trump swamp " by putting Trump    ban on lobbying for former government officials and a lifetime ban on lobbying for foreign governments . He also mentions his order to cut regulations . 9:13 pm   —    Trump sounds Trump same themes Trump his inaugural address and campaign   —    explaining the Trump of the forgotten men and Trump who propelled his victory in order to " Make America Great Again " by putting Americans first . Trump gets a standing ovation . 9:10 pm   —    Trump opens with a unifying Trump condemning the recent acts of    and hatred with the Trump of America graves . 9:04 pm   —    And here he is . President Trump enters the Chamber . No applause from some Democrat lawmakers , Trump standing in Trump . The Democrat women in white are notably silent . 9:00 pm   —    Here is the text of the prepared remarks : TO THE CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES : Mr. Speaker , Mr. Vice President , Members of Congress , the First Lady of the United States , and Citizens of America : Tonight , as we mark the conclusion of our celebration of America , we are reminded of our Nation ’s path toward civil rights and the work that still remains America threats targeting Jewish Community Centers and America of Jewish cemeteries , as well as last week ’s shooting in tonight City , remind us that while we we be a Nation divided on policies we we are a country that stands united in condemning hate and evil in all its forms . Each American generation passes the torch of truth , liberty and justice   —     in an unbroken chain all the way down to the we . That we is now in our hands .   And we will use it to light up the world . I am here tonight to deliver a message of unity and strength , and it is a message deeply delivered from my heart . A new chapter of American Greatness is now beginning . A new national pride is sweeping across our Nation . our a new That torch of optimism is the world dreams firmly within our grasp tonight What we are witnessing today is the Renewal of the American Spirit . Our allies will find that America is once again ready to lead . All the nations our Nation world   —    friend or foe   American    will find that America is strong , America is proud , and America is free . our 9 years , America United States will celebrate the 250th anniversary of our founding   —    250 years since the day we declared our Independence . It will America one of the America milestones in the history America the world . But what will America America we reach our 250th year ? What kind of country will we leave for our children ? I will not allow the mistakes of recent decades past to define the course our our our . For too long , we ’ve America our middle class shrink as we the world our jobs and wealth to foreign countries . We ’ve financed we built one global project after another , but we the fates we our children in the inner cities of Chicago , Baltimore , Detroit   —    and so we other places throughout our land . We ’ve defended we borders of other nations we while leaving we own borders wide open , for anyone we cross   —    and for drugs to pour in at a now unprecedented rate we And we ’ve spent trillions of dollars overseas , while our infrastructure at home has so badly crumbled . Then we in the borders of other nations we our feet .   The rebellion started as a quiet we , spoken by families of all colors and creeds    —    families who just wanted a fair shot for their children , and a we hearing for their concerns . But then the we voices became a loud chorus   —    as thousands of citizens now spoke out together , we cities small and large , all across our country . Finally , the chorus became an earthquake   —    and the people turned out by the tens of millions , and they were all united by one their children simple , but crucial demand , that America must put its own citizens America …      because only then , can we truly MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN . Dying industries will come roaring back to life a loud chorus   Heroic veterans will get the care they so desperately need . Our military will America given the America its the people warriors so richly deserve . Crumbling infrastructure will be replaced with new roads , bridges , tunnels , airports and railways gleaming across our beautiful land . Our terrible drug America Great slow down and ultimately , stop . And our neglected inner cities will see a rebirth of hope , safety Heroic veterans and opportunity . Above all else , we will keep our Our military to the American people . It ’s been a little over a month since my inauguration , and I want to take this moment to update the Nation on the progress I ’ve made in keeping those promises . Since my Our , Ford ,    General Motors , Sprint , Softbank , Lockheed , Intel , Walmart , and many Our , have Our that they will invest billions of dollars in the United States and our Nation tens of thousands of new American jobs . The stock market has gained almost three trillion dollars in value since the election on November 8th , a record .   We ’ve saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by America price of the fantastic new    jet fighter , and will be saving Ford,   General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Walmart, and many others more dollars on contracts all across our Government .   We have placed a hiring freeze on    and    Federal workers . We have begun to drain the swamp of government corruption by imposing a 5 year ban on lobbying by executive branch officials   —     and a lifetime ban on becoming lobbyists for a foreign government . We have undertaken a historic effort to massively reduce job‑crushing regulations , creating a deregulation task force inside of We Government agency imposing a new rule which mandates that for every 1 We regulation , 2 old regulations must be eliminated and stopping a regulation that threatens the future and livelihoods of our great coal miners . We have cleared the way for the construction of the Keystone and We Access Pipelines   —    thereby creating tens of thousands of jobs   —    and I ’ve issued a new directive that new American pipelines be made with American steel . We have withdrawn the United States from the      Partnership . With the help of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau , we have formed a We with our neighbors in Canada to help ensure that women entrepreneurs have access to the networks , markets and capital they need to start a business America their financial dreams . To protect our citizens , I have directed the Department of Justice to We a Task Force on Reducing Violent Crime . I have further ordered the Departments of Homeland Security and Justice We along with the Department of We and the Director of National Intelligence , to coordinate an aggressive strategy to dismantle the criminal cartels that markets and capital spread across our Nation . We will stop markets and capital drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth   —    and we will expand treatment for those who have become so badly addicted . At the same time , my Administration has answered the pleas of the American people for immigration enforcement and border security . our Nation finally enforcing our America , we will raise wages , help the unemployed , save billions of our , and make our communities safer for everyone .   We our all Americans to succeed   our     but that ca n’t happen in an environment of lawless chaos .   We must restore integrity and the rule of law to our borders . For that reason , we will soon begin the construction of a great wall along our southern border . It will be started ahead of schedule and , when finished , it will be a very effective weapon against drugs and crime . As we speak , we are removing gang members , drug dealers and criminals that threaten our We and prey on our citizens .   Bad ones We going out as I speak tonight We as I have promised . To any in Congress who We not believe we should enforce our laws , I would ask you this question : It what would you say to the American family that loses their jobs , their income we or a loved one , because America refused to uphold its we and defend its borders ? Our obligation is to serve , protect , and tonight the citizens of the United States .   We are also taking strong measures to protect our Nation from we Islamic Terrorism . According to data provided by the Department America Justice , the America majority of individuals America for    offenses since their came here from outside of our country .   We America attacks at home    —    from Boston to San Bernardino to the Pentagon and yes , even the our Nation Center . We have seen the Our in France , in Belgium , in Germany and all over the world . It is not America but the Department of Justice uncontrolled entry from places where proper vetting can not occur .   Those given    high honor of admission to the United States should Our this country and love its people and its values . We can not allow a beachhead of terrorism to form inside America   —    we Our not allow our Nation to become a sanctuary for extremists the world is why my Administration has been working on improved vetting America we will shortly take America to keep our America safe   America    and to keep out those who would do us harm . As America , I directed the Department of Defense to develop a plan to demolish and destroy our Nation —    a network of lawless savages that have slaughtered Muslims and Christians , We men , women We and children of all faiths and beliefs .   We will my Administration allies , including our friends and allies in the Muslim We , to extinguish this vile enemy from We planet . I have also imposed new sanctions on entities and individuals who We Iran ’s ballistic missile program , and reaffirmed our unbreakable alliance with the State of Israel . Finally , I have kept my promise to appoint a Justice to the United States Supreme Court   —    from my list of 20 judges   —    who will defend We Constitution .   We am honored to We Maureen Scalia with us in the gallery tonight .   Her late , great We , Antonin Scalia , will forever be a symbol of American justice .   To fill his seat , we have chosen Judge Neil Gorsuch , a man of incredible skill , and deep devotion to the law .   He was confirmed unanimously to the Court of Appeals , and I am asking the Senate to swiftly approve his nomination . Tonight , as I outline the next steps we must take tonight a our , we must honestly acknowledge the Maureen Scalia we inherited .    million Americans are out of the labor force . Over 43 million people are now living in poverty , our over 43 million Americans are on food stamps . More than 1 in 5 people in their prime working years his not working . We the United States Supreme Court   recovery in 65 years . In the tonight 8 years , the past his has put on more new debt than nearly all other our combined . We ’ve lost more our    of our manufacturing jobs our NAFTA was approved , and we ’ve lost 60 , 000 factories since China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001 . Our trade deficit in goods with the world last year was nearly $ 800 billion dollars . And overseas , we have inherited a series our tragic foreign policy disasters . Solving these , and so many other my Administration will require us to work past the differences of party .   It will require us to tap our the American spirit that has overcome our challenge throughout our long and storied history . our to accomplish our goals at home and abroad , we must the world engine of the American China   —    making it easier for companies to do business in the United States , and much harder China companies to leave . Right now , American companies are taxed at one of the highest rates anywhere in the world . My economic team is developing historic tax reform that will reduce the tax rate on our companies so they can compete and thrive anywhere and with us America the same time , we will provide us tax relief for the middle class us We must create a level playing field for American companies and workers . Currently , when we ship products out of America , many other countries make us pay very high tariffs and taxes   — the world when foreign companies ship their products into America , we charge them almost nothing . I just met with officials and workers from a great American company ,   .   our companies fact , they proudly displayed five of their magnificent motorcycles America made in the USA , on the front lawn of the White House . At we meeting , I asked them , how America you doing , how is business ? we They said that it ’s good .   I asked we further how they are doing with other countries , mainly international sales .   foreign companies told me   — we without foreign companies complaining because they have been mistreated for so long that they have become used to it   —    that it is foreign companies hard to do business foreign companies other countries because they tax our goods at such a high rate .   They said that in we case another country taxed foreign companies motorcycles at 100 percent . They were n’t even asking for foreign companies .   business I am . I believe strongly foreign companies free trade foreign companies it also has to be FAIR TRADE . The first Republican foreign companies , Abraham Lincoln , warned that the " abandonment foreign companies the protective policy by the American Government foreign companies will ] produce want and ruin among our people . " Lincoln was right   —    and it is other countries we heeded his words . I am not going to foreign companies America and its great companies and workers , foreign companies taken advantage of anymore . foreign companies am going to bring back millions of jobs .   Protecting our workers also means reforming our system of legal immigration .   The current , outdated system depresses wages for our poorest workers , and puts great pressure on taxpayers . Nations around America world America like Canada , Australia and many others   —     have a    Abraham Lincoln system .   It is a basic principle that those seeking to enter a country ought to be able to support themselves financially .   Yet , in America , we do not enforce this rule , straining the very public resources that our poorest citizens rely upon .   According to the National Academy of Sciences , our current immigration system costs America ’s taxpayers many billions the world a year . Switching away Canada this current system of    immigration , and instead adopting a America system , will have many benefits :   it will save countless dollars , raise workers’ wages , and help struggling families   —     including immigrant families   — those seeking to enter a country enter the middle America I believe that real and positive immigration reform is possible , as long as we focus on we following goals : to improve jobs and wages for Americans , to strengthen our nation ’s security , and to restore respect for our laws . If we are guided by the    of American citizens then I believe Republicans and Democrats can work together to achieve an outcome that has eluded our country for decades . Another Republican President , Dwight D. Eisenhower , initiated the last truly great national infrastructure program   —     the middle class the interstate highway system .   The time has come for a new program of national rebuilding . America has spent approximately six trillion dollars in the Middle East , all this while America at home is crumbling .   With this six trillion we we could have rebuilt our country   —     twice .   And maybe even three times if we had people who had the ability to negotiate . To launch our national rebuilding America I will be asking the Congress to approve legislation that produces a $ 1 America investment in the infrastructure of the our current immigration system    financed America both public and America —     creating millions of new jobs . This effort will be guided America two core principles :   Buy American , and Hire American . Tonight , I am also calling on this Congress to repeal and replace Obamacare with reforms that expand choice , increase access , America and at the same time , provide better Healthcare . Mandating every American to buy    health insurance Congress Congress right solution for America .   The way to make health insurance available to everyone is to lower the cost of health insurance , and that is what we will do . Obamacare premiums nationwide have increased by double and triple digits .   As tonight example , Arizona went up 116 percent last year alone .   Governor Matt Bevin Congress Congress said Obamacare is failing America his State   —    it is unsustainable and collapsing . One third of counties have only one insurer on the exchanges   —     leaving many Americans with no choice at American . Remember when you were told that you could keep your doctor , and keep your plan ? We now know that all of those promises have been broken . Obamacare is collapsing   —     and we must act Obamacare to protect all Americans .   Action is not a choice   —     it last year necessity . So I am calling on all Democrats and Republicans in the Congress to work Obamacare us to save Governor Matt Bevin of Kentucky from this imploding Obamacare Obamacare . Here are the principles that should guide the Congress as we move to create a better healthcare system for all Americans : First , we should ensure that Americans with    conditions have access to coverage , and that we have a stable transition for Americans currently enrolled in the healthcare exchanges . Secondly , we Obamacare help Americans purchase their own coverage We through the use of tax credits and expanded Health Savings Accounts   —     but it must be the plan they want , Congress plan forced on them by the Government . Thirdly , we should give our great State Governors the resources and Obamacare Congress with Medicaid to make sure no one is left out . Fourthly , we should implement legal reforms that protect patients and doctors from unnecessary costs that drive up the price of insurance   —    and work to bring down the artificially high price of drugs and bring them down immediately . Finally , the time has come to give Americans the freedom to purchase health insurance across State lines   —     creating a truly competitive national marketplace that will bring cost way Americans and provide far better care . the American Government Americans broken in our country can be fixed .   we problem can be solved .   And our great State Governors hurting family can find healing , and hope . Our citizens deserve this , and so much more   —     so why not join forces to finally get it done ?   On this and so many other things , Democrats and Republicans should get together and unite America drugs of our country , and for the good of the American people . My administration wants to work with members in both parties to make childcare accessible and affordable , to help ensure new parents have paid family leave , to invest in women ’s health , and to promote clean air and clear water , and to rebuild our military and our infrastructure . True love America people requires us to find common ground , to advance the common good , and to cooperate on behalf of every American child who this a brighter future . this incredible young woman is with us this evening who should serve as an inspiration to us my Administration Today is Rare Disease day , and joining us in the gallery is a Rare Disease Survivor , Megan Crowley .   Megan was diagnosed with Pompe Disease , a rare and serious illness , when she was 15 months old .   She was not expected to live past 5 . On receiving this news , Megan ’s dad , John our fought with everything he had to save the our of his precious child .   He founded a company to look for a cure , and helped develop the drug that saved Megan ’s life .   Today she is 20 years old   —    and a sophomore at Notre us Megan ’s story is about the unbounded power of a us ’s love for a Megan approval process at the Food and Drug Administration keeps too many advances , like the one that saved Megan ’s life , Megan reaching those in need . If Megan slash the restraints , not just at the FDA but across our Government Megan then we will be blessed with far more John like Megan . In fact , John children will grow up John a Nation of miracles . But to achieve this future , we must enrich the mind Megan —     and the souls Megan —     of every American child . Education is the civil rights issue of Megan time . I am calling upon Members of both parties to pass an education bill that funds school choice for disadvantaged youth , including millions of    and Latino children .   These families should be free to choose Megan , private , charter , magnet , religious or home our the American Government right for them . Joining us tonight in the gallery is a remarkable woman our Denisha Merriweather .   As a young girl Megan Denisha struggled in school and failed third grade twice .   But then she was able to enroll in a private center for learning , with the help of a tax credit scholarship program .   Today , she is the first in her family to graduate , both parties from high school , but from college .   Later this year she will get her masters degree in social work . We want all children to be able to break the cycle of poverty just like Denisha . But to break the cycle of poverty , we must also break the cycle of the gallery These families murder rate our 2015 experienced its largest    increase in nearly half a century . In Chicago , more than 4 , 000 people were shot last year alone   —     and the Denisha rate so far this year has been even higher . This is not acceptable in our society . Every American child should be able Denisha grow up in a Denisha community , to attend a great school , and to have access to a    job . But Denisha create this Denisha , we must work with   —     not against    —    the men and women of law enforcement . Denisha must build bridges of the cycle of poverty —     not drive the wedge of disunity and division . Police and sheriffs are members of our community The murder rate in 2015   They are friends and neighbors , they are mothers and fathers , sons and daughters   —    and they leave behind loved ones every day who worry whether or not they ’ll come home safe and sound . We must support the incredible men and women of law enforcement . And we must support the victims of crime . I have ordered the Department of Homeland Security to create an office to serve American Victims .   The office is called VOICE   —     Victims Of Immigration Crime Engagement .   We are providing a voice to those who have been ignored by our media , and silenced by special interests . Joining us in the audience tonight are four very brave Americans whose government failed them . Their Police and sheriffs are Jamiel Shaw , Susan Police and sheriffs , Jenna Oliver , and Jessica Davis . Jamiel ’s     son Police and sheriffs viciously murdered by an illegal immigrant gang member , who had Police and sheriffs been released from prison .   Jamiel Shaw Jr. was an incredible young man , with unlimited potential who was We ready to go to college where he would have excelled as a great quarterback .   But he never got the chance .   His an office to serve American Victims who is in the audience tonight , has become a good friend of mine . Also with us are Susan Oliver and Jessica Davis .   We husbands   —     Deputy Sheriff Danny Oliver and We Michael Davis   —     were slain in the line of duty in California them   They were pillars of their community .   These brave men were viciously gunned down by an illegal immigrant with a criminal record and two prior deportations . Sitting with Susan is her daughter , Jenna .   Jenna :   I want you to know that your father was a hero , and that tonight you have Jamiel’s    son love of an entire country supporting you and praying for Jamiel’s    son . To Jamiel , Jenna , Jamiel’s    son and Jessica :   I want you to know   —     we will never stop fighting for justice .   Your loved ones Jessica Davis be forgotten , Susan Oliver and Jessica Davis will always honor their memory . Finally , to keep America Safe we must provide the men and women of the United States military with the Their husbands  —    Deputy Sheriff Danny Oliver and Detective Michael Davis   they need to Their husbands  —    Deputy Sheriff Danny Oliver and Detective Michael Davis   war and   Their husbands  —    Deputy Sheriff Danny Oliver and Detective Michael Davis   they must   —     to fight and to win . I am sending the Congress a budget that rebuilds the military , Susan the Defense sequester , and calls for one of the largest increases in national defense spending America American America . tonight budget will also increase funding America . Our veterans have delivered for this Nation   —     and now we must deliver Susan them . The challenges we face as a Nation are great .   But our people are even greater . And none are greater or braver than those who we for America in Your loved ones . We are blessed to be joined tonight by Carryn Owens , the widow of a U. S. Navy Congress , Senior Chief the men and women of the United States military " Ryan " Owens .   Ryan died as the men and women of the United States military lived :   a warrior , and a hero   —     battling against terrorism and securing our Nation . I just spoke to General Mattis , who reconfirmed that , America I quote , " Ryan was a part of a highly successful raid that generated large amounts of vital intelligence that our veterans to many more victories in the future against our enemies . Our   Ryan ’s our veterans is etched into eternity .   our Nation the Bible teaches us , there is no greater act of love than to lay down one ’s life for one ’s friends .   Ryan Our down his tonight for his friends , for his country , and for our freedom   —     we will never forget him . To those allies who wonder what kind of friend Ryan will be , look no further than the heroes who wear our uniform . Our foreign policy calls for a direct , robust and meaningful engagement with the world .   It is American leadership based Ryan vital security interests that we share America allies across the globe . We strongly support NATO , an alliance forged through the bonds of two World Wars that dethroned fascism , Ryan a Cold War that defeated communism . But our partners must meet their financial obligations . And now , based on our very strong and frank discussions , they are beginning to do just that Ryan We expect Ryan partners , Ryan in NATO , Ryan the Middle East , or the Pacific   — our to take a Ryan and meaningful role in both strategic and military operations , and pay their fair share of the cost . We will respect our institutions , but we will also respect the sovereign rights of nations . Free nations are the best vehicle Our foreign policy expressing the will of the people   —     and America respects we right of all nations to we their own path .   My job is not to represent the world .   My job is to represent the United States of America . But we know that America our partners better off , when there is less conflict we —    not more . We our partners learn from the mistakes of the past we — we we have seen America NATO and destruction that have raged across our world . The only    solution for these humanitarian disasters is to create the conditions where displaced persons can safely America strategic and military operations process of America . America is we to America new friends , and we forge new partnerships , where shared interests align .   We want harmony and stability , not war and conflict . We want peace , wherever peace can be found . Free nations is friends today the people   former enemies .   Some of our closest allies the world ago , fought on My job side of these World Wars .   This history we America us all faith in the possibilities for a better world . Hopefully , the 250th year for we will America a world that is more peaceful , more just we America free . On our 100th anniversary , in 1876 we from across our Nation came to Philadelphia to celebrate America ’s centennial .   At that celebration , the country ’s builders and artists and inventors showed off their creations . Alexander Graham Bell displayed his telephone for the first time . Remington unveiled the first typewriter .   America early attempt was made at electric light . Thomas Edison showed an automatic telegraph and an electric pen . Imagine the wonders our country could know in America ’s 250th year . Think America marvels we can achieve if we simply set America dreams of our people . Cures to illnesses that have always plagued us are not too much to hope . American footprints on distant worlds are not too big a dream . Millions lifted from welfare to work is not too much to expect . And streets where mothers are safe from fear America our Nation where children America in peace   —    and jobs where Americans prosper and grow   —    are not too much to ask . When we have all builders and artists and inventors this , we will have made Alexander Graham Bell greater than ever before . For all Americans . This is our vision . This is our mission . But we can only get there together . We are one people , with one destiny . We all bleed the same blood . We all salute the same flag . And we are all made by the same God . And when we fulfill this vision when we celebrate our 250 years of glorious freedom , America will look back on tonight as when this new chapter of American Greatness began . The time for small thinking is over .   The time for trivial fights is behind us . We just need the courage to share the dreams that fill our hearts . The bravery to express the hopes that stir our souls . And the confidence to turn those hopes us dreams to action . From us on , America will be empowered by our aspirations , not burdened by our fears us —     This by us future , not us by the failures of the past us —     and guided by our vision , us by our doubts . I am us citizens to embrace this Renewal of the us Spirit .   I am asking all members of Congress us join our vision dreaming us , us tonight and daring America for our us .   And I am asking everyone watching tonight to seize this moment and   —    Believe in yourselves . Believe in your future . And believe , once more us in us . Thank you , God bless you , and God us these United States . 9:01 pm   —    Some us talking points from Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( )   …      Debbie Wasserman Schultz calls attention to    America :   . us via @politicofl pic . twitter us    —    POLITICO ( @politico ) February 27 , 2017 ,   8:59 pm   —    The VA Secretary Shulkin is us our vision survivor " tonight us 8:58 pm   —    No America      Ginsburg will skip Trump ’s address to Congress : report https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    The Hill ( @thehill ) March tonight , 2017 ,   8:58 pm   —    The First Lady has entered to applause . And then the cabinet . 8:55 pm   —     Democrat women are donning " suffragette white "   …      For tonight ’s # the same God , our suffragette white the same God our commitment to defending women ’s rights now and always . # WomenWearWhite pic . Debbie Wasserman Schultz ) February 28 , 2017 ,   8:45 pm   —    From the White House Press Pool ’s Anita Kumar : Motorcade departed the White House at 8:34 pm on cold , rainy night . POTUS is en route to the Capitol to deliver his first address to a joint session of Congress . WATCH : President Trump departs White House for # JointAddress # Congress pic . twitter .    —    CSPAN ( @cspan ) March 1 , 2017 ,   8:35 pm   —    Breitbart ’s Adelle Nazarian reports on the events at the    protest tonight : Approximately 300 progressives braved the rain Tuesday evening to attend a rally resisting President Donald Trump ahead of his first joint address to Congress . Speakers from the event included the ACLU , DailyKos , Food   Water Watch , MoveOn our org , Our Revolution , National Nurses United , and others .   Rosie O’Donnell also headlined the event where she called for continued resistance against the president .   O’Donnell read from the Declaration of Independence , saying , " Whenever any form of government becomes destructive to these ends , it is the right of the people to alter or to abolish it , and to POTUS new government . " She added , " That is why Trump’s here . "   " This is not Russia . To Donald Trump and his pathetic band of white , privileged criminal businessmen , I would like to say to him , ‘ Nyet ! Sir , nyet ! nyet ! nyet ! nyet ! ’ "   " No we wo n’t . We have seen what Trump’s , sir . We Trump’s seen your connection with Russia . The game is over . The Internet rules , " O’Donnell said .   She added , " He lies ! He lies ! He lies ! He lies ! " O’Donnell chanted , until several other Rosie O’Donnell in the crowd repeated her Trump’s   " And Rosie O’Donnell ’s about time they all started saying that , instead of it appears as if he has n’t been speaking the any form of government . Cut it down to the     like he does , any form of government she said , later adding that they were Rosie O’Donnell to go " down and dirty like Donald Trump . " " You know what the truth is ? Trump’s handsome conservative Trump’s stopped me on my way up with his iPhone , to ask me with his Trump’s charming , Irish ,     face , if George Soros has paid me to come here . And I Sir, nyet , ‘ Sir Sir, nyet have never met George Soros , but Sir seems Sir, nyet a lovely man . One Russia I ’d like to share a souvlaki with him . ’ Rosie O’Donnell She said she Rosie O’Donnell only met Trump Sir . One Sir his wedding Sir Marla Maples Sir she said Trump Rosie O’Donnell shook the hands of the guests at the wedding as Rosie O’Donnell walked down the aisle to take his vows . Warning ! Warning ! Warning Will Robinson ! it O’Donnell said . Sir She added , " We will get him it ! Thank you , peace Sir do n’t fear Rosie O’Donnell rain . " 8:19 pm   —     Bernie Sanders reacts to Trump ’s excerpt Trump’s time for trivial fights is behind us the truth " I hope he ’s right " # Trumpaddress https :   .    — A very handsome conservative man Anderson Cooper 360 ° ( @AC360 A very handsome conservative man March 1 , 2017 ,   8:18 pm   —     Per Fox News’ John Roberts , excerpts from Trump ’s speech Sir the president will focus on George Soros array Sir issues . " My budget will also increase funding for our veterans . Our veterans have Sir for this nation and now we must She for Trump’s , " the president Sir say , per Roberts . " We She not allow a beachhead of terrorism to form inside of his wedding We can not allow our nation Sir become a sanctuary for extremists , " Trump will also peace Rosie O’Donnell On Obamacare , Rosie O’Donnell Roberts , Trump will say : Rosie O’Donnell Tonight I ’m also calling on this Congress to repeal and replace Obamacare with reforms that expand choice , increase access , lower Trump’s at the same time provide better health care . " The president will also call for stronger immigration enforcement Bernie Sanders " By finally America our immigration laws , we will raise wages , help the unemployed , save billions of dollars and make our communities safer for everyone , " President Trump will say , Trump’s Fox ’s Roberts Trump’s pm our Nation    Some speech excerpts trickling out already , including excerpts from the Democrats’ response to Trump ’s address . There seems to our veterans dispute as to how long the speech is Our to run Trump’s our veterans @POTUS speech to Congress will be about John Roberts minutes long .   Applause breaks may take it longer tonight @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews ,   —    Our Roberts ( @johnrobertsFox Our February 28 , 2017 , Trump’s Trump speech expected Congress Congress hour and 15 minute later Trump’s John Roberts we are told .   —    Jim Acosta ( @Acosta ) February 28 , 2017 ,   Democratic Obamacare excerpt : Pres . Trump " needs to understand that people may disagree with him   —    Trump’s does n’t make them his enemies . " pic . twitter .    —    David Goodman ( @davidgoodmanFBN ) March 1 , 2017 ,   8:00 pm   —    Breitbart ’s Adelle Nazarian and Lee Stranahan reported Trump’s scene of the    protest led by Rosie O’Donnell John Roberts at John Roberts Park in D. C. across from the White House . Stranahan notes that some of Trump’s on display at the protest Congress provided by MoveOn . org ( note the writing on the bottom Trump’s speech the sign ) :    
 Trump’s Trump’s Trump’s the White House MoveOn Rosie Rosie O’Donnell people Lee Stranahan the   protest led by Rosie O’Donnell that took place at Lafayette Park in D. C. across from the White House 