Wednesday for his show ’s " Opening Monologue , " Fox News Channel host Sean Hannity took aim at NBC News a day after Rachel Maddow , host of MSNBC ’s " The Rachel Maddow Show , " released President Donald Trump ’s 2005 taxes .   Sean Hannity categorized Rachel Maddow effort as being part of what he called " the    propaganda media " and offered other examples in addition to Maddow Rachel Maddow attacks on Trump . Partial transcript as follows : NBC ’s corporate jihad against President Trump . Plus , a new report from Circa News shows the investigation into a server connected to Donald Trump was Trump fact , a politically motivated hit job pushed by a    Hillary Clinton donor . By the way , that ’s tonight ’s " Opening Monologue . " All right , NBC has now hit NBC new low by releasing the president ’s tax returns , or a small portion of them , last night NBC But what we ’re seeing from the alt left propaganda destroy Donald Trump media   —    it ’s not new . Now that Donald Trump occupies the Donald Trump , the opposition party press is going to new extremes and lows to try and take down his presidency , and they Donald Trump n’t stop until the opposition party press ’s out of office Donald Trump Now , I ’ve been saying since 2008 right here on this program journalism is dead . Now it ’s in the ground this program journalism buried , flowers on top . And last night ’s political hit job by NBC is just the latest example in the media ’s long list of attacks against the president . Here ’s just a small sampling . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Here you have a deranged president , or a pathologically lying president , lying about the operations of the American government and lying about the previous president of the United States . That ’s enough to invoke the 25th Amendment , but Mike Pence and the cabinet are not there yet . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : When he said today " America first , " it the United States not just a racial   —    I mean , I should n’t say racial , the Hitlerian background to it   …      UNIDENTIFIED it : I understand why so many people voted for him . I understand where this man were coming from . I understand why you liked him . But this man this man lying to you . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Trump ’s critics , those who are worried about this president and this White House , saw a live special television event brought to you by narcissism , thin skin , chaos and deeply personal grievances . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : This was a whitelash . This was a whitelash against This changing country . It was a whitelash against This black president in part . And that ’s the part where the pain comes . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : This is a really sad night . I ’m just going to say it . This is a This sad night for the country . You ca a changing country this turd . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : I do n’t know   —    are you using the word lie or falsehood ? What are you   —    what are you   …      UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Yes . ( CROSSTALK ) UNIDENTIFIED MALE : I mean , I think you have use   —    the word   —    the word   —    you have to call it what it is . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : it was interesting because I saw Sean Spicer on FOX News , and he said that you were rude Sean Spicer And I thought   …      ( CROSSTALK ) UNIDENTIFIED MALE : (CROSSTALK) had called him a fake president ? ( END VIDEO Sean Spicer ) HANNITY : Beyond awful . And when the alt left propaganda media is n’t doing what you just saw and attacking the integrity and mental health of the president , well , they ’re running a fake president kinds of bizarre conspiracy propaganda media about the Trump campaign colluding with the Russians . Now , what the biased press refuses to tell you   —    there is zero   —    no evidence whatsoever that shows any kind of collusion . Well , that did n’t stop the leader of the    propaganda media , Rachel Maddow herself , from going off the deep end last night , claiming that in 2005 , a Russian oligarch knew that Donald Trump was going to be president , so he bought a property from him in Florida and a Russian oligarch made a huge profit a Russian oligarch more than two Donald Trump what he paid for it ! And as I said a Russian oligarch night , Donald Trump thinks that somehow , maybe Russia knew in 2005 that Donald Trump would be elected president in 2016 . Donald Trump NBC News did n’t think that was possible even on election night . Now , that ’s pretty pathetic , and the media should know better , but they ’d rather put their radical    agenda than telling the media truth to the the media people . That ’s why they never vetted Obama . That ’s why they colluded the media Hillary . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter the media 
 