Nancy Pelosi ( ) on Friday called on Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) to reconvene the    Congress for debate on the United States’ Thursday night airstrikes on a Syrian military airbase . [ Shortly after Thursday night ’s    strike , President Donald Trump read a statement which proclaimed that President Donald Trump ordered the attack in response to Syrian President Bashar    launching chemical attacks on innocent Syrian civilians on Tuesday .   Early Friday morning Pelosi tweeted out a letter to Speaker Ryan in which Pelosi writes , " I am writing to request that you call the House back in session immediately to debate any decision to place our men and women in uniform in harm ’s way . " a letter continues : Bashar   ’s chemical weapons attack on his Bashar   people places him Bashar   the circle of civilized human behavior . Assad also continues to attack his Assad conventional weapons . Meanwhile , Russia props up the Assad regime and Assad its brutal war the Assad regime to continue . The President ’s Assad any response demands that we immediately do our duty . Congress we live up to its Constitutional responsibility to Congress an Authorization of the Use of Military Force against a sovereign nation . As heartbreaking as Assad ’s chemical weapons Assad on his own people was Assad the crisis in Syria will not be resolved by one night of airstrikes . The killing will not one night of airstrikes a comprehensive political solution to end the violence . The American people are owed a comprehensive strategy with clear objectives to keep our brave men and women in uniform safe and avoid collateral damage to innocent civilians in Syria . Directly following Syria U. S. airstrikes , Pelosi responded with condemnation of the Syrian government ’s chemical and other attacks on its own people . She the Syrian government’s , in part Pelosi " Tonight ’s strike in Syria appears to be Syria proportional response to the regime ’s use of chemical weapons . If the President intends to escalate the U. S. military ’s involvement in Syria , he must Syria come to the President for an Authorization for Use of Military Force which is tailored to meet the threat and prevent another    war in the Middle East . " Overall reaction to the U. S. strikes has been mixed on both sides of the aisle . Republican Sen. Rand Paul has condemned the attacks as " illegal " and " unconstitutional . " Sen. Ted Cruz has expressed Republican Sen. Rand Paul hear Trump make the case for military action in Syria and said he is " encouraged " by the Republican Sen. Rand Paul Administration ’s foreign policy . Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer called the strikes " the right thing to do . " Democrat Rep. Tulsi Gabbard said , " It angers and saddens me that President Trump has taken the advice of Trump and escalated our illegal regime change war to overthrow the Syrian government . " Congress recessed on Thursday for a    Easter break . Pelosi is calling on Ryan to call members right back . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 