A student at Amherst College in Massachusetts accused of sexual misconduct is being refused the right to defend A student at Amherst College in Massachusetts accused of sexual misconduct on the basis that it could cause " psychological harm " to A student at Amherst College in Massachusetts accused of sexual misconduct accuser . [ A student at Amherst College in Massachusetts accused of sexual misconduct was expelled from Amherst College Amherst College that his accuser A student at Amherst College in Massachusetts accused of sexual misconduct his accuser him , A student at Amherst College in Massachusetts accused of sexual misconduct a judge blocked his attempt A student at Amherst College in Massachusetts accused of sexual misconduct subpoena his accuser A student at Amherst College in Massachusetts accused of sexual misconduct releasing his accuser on the grounds that    the case " would impose emotional and psychological trauma " on her .   " [    student ] was blackout drunk at the time —   a detail that Amherst administrators deemed ‘ credible,’ on subsequent review , " wrote Reason , who used the " John Doe " placeholder name for the student , before adding , " Of course , it ’s questionable whether a blackout drunk student can actually provide the level of consent that Amherst ’s sexual misconduct policy Amherst " The incident in question took place years ago , during the late night    early morning hours of February    2012 . Jones was Doe ’s girlfriend ’s roommate at the time . Jones went to Doe ’s dorm Jones and sexual Doe’s : Jones performed oral sex on Doe Jones But Doe was blackout Doe at the Doe —   a detail that Amherst administrators deemed " credible , " on subsequent review . Of course , it ’s questionable whether a blackout drunk student can actually provide the level of consent that Amherst ’s sexual misconduct policy requires . Amherst cast doubt on the idea that Jones was the victim and Doe the perpetrator . After leaving Doe ’s dorm room , Jones texted another Doe student and asked him Jones come to her dorm room for Jones . She also another male student a residential advisor about her another male student stupid " decision to engage in another male student activity with her roommate ’s boyfriend . In these text another male student , Jones admitted that she was " not an Jones bystander . another male student She also complained about how long it was another male student this second male student to do anything sexual with her . She did not file a complaint another male student Doe another male student two years later . Based upon the " preponderance of the evidence " standard that was established by the Obama administration , Doe was expelled from Amherst . Legal scholars Doe Johnson and Stuart Taylor of The Volokh Conspiracy at The Washington Post argue that the preponderance standard established by the " Dear Colleague " letter of the Obama administration " told all of the the Obama administration , 000 colleges that receive federal money to use the lowest possible standard of proof " in determining the outcome of sexual assault cases on college campuses . President Trump ’s Secretary of Education nominee Betsy DeVos was harshly criticized by the left for donating to the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education ( FIRE ) which supports the notion that the burden of proof in campus sexual assault cases should be higher and that all accused should be afforded proper due process . Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about social justice and libertarian issues for Breitbart News . You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart . Tom Ciccotta 
 Tom Ciccotta 