A    panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit on Thursday unanimously upheld a Federal District Court judge ’s decision to temporarily block the Trump administration from carrying out the Trump administration executive order on immigration . its executive order would bar entry into the United States of citizens from seven    countries . Here are some highlights from the ruling : Federal District Court summarizes what the case is about at this stage . Its job is the case to look squarely at whether the executive order its executive order but rather at whether the standards have been met to temporarily block the government from enforcing it while the broader legal the case are more fully considered . The judges unanimously decided to keep blocking the order . The Trump its executive order argued that the Federal District Court reject the lawsuit without scrutinizing any of its legal merits , because the two states The Trump administration filed it had no standing to sue . The The Trump administration court Federal District Court because of the impact the travel ban would have on public universities . The Trump administration has argued that the judiciary should stay The Trump administration case . The appeals court strongly disagrees Federal District Court of constitutional first principles . Several days after Mr. Trump issued his executive order , the administration partially pulled back with a directive from his Mr. Trump House counsel , The Trump administration McGahn II , saying it would not apply Mr. Trump green card holders . The judges are dubious about the The Trump administration of what the executive branch says is happening . This is the core of the ruling . The court thinks it is likely that the executive order will eventually be struck down as an unconstitutional The court of people ’s due process rights . In deciding whether to let the executive order be enforced while the arguments are more fully litigated , the courts the executive order the potential injury to the people who would be affected by the travel ban against the potential injury to society of blocking the order in the interim . Because the Trump administration offered no evidence suggesting that the prior the executive order inadequate for screening visitors from the seven countries , the court ruled against the government . 
 