President Donald Trump ’s deportation of hundreds of criminal illegal immigrants during President Donald Trump first month in office is " no so unusual , " according to The New York Times . [ In analysis by The New York Times , President Donald Trump deportation effort to prioritize the removal of criminal illegal immigrants by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) agency shows that the enforcement actions are " not unprecedented " :   Last week , United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials arrested more than 680 people in at least 12 states , shown below , stoking fears that the Trump administration is increasing the arrests and deportations of undocumented immigrants . But a comparison of last week ’s arrests Last week ones during the first four years of the Obama presidency show that the recent level of enforcement activity is not unprecedented . It is unclear , however , if the numbers are an actual increase in enforcement , because information on operations in only 12 states was disclosed . The New York Times analysis then described how Trump ’s deportation efforts are on par with Obama ’s , citing that Obama Obama administration " arrested an Obama of 675 immigrants a week in    ‘ community arrests’ . " In Obama ’s first term in Obama , the analysis notes that ICE The New York Times analysis over 35 , 000 illegal immigrants , more arrests than any year in the previous four years of former President George W. Bush : The weekly average of such arrests made by Immigration and Customs Enforcement fugitive teams under President Obama rose to 771 Obama and declined slightly to 719 the next year . Data after 2012 are not readily available , but in more recent years , the number of ICE apprehensions and removals decreased overall , especially after the Obama administration began to focus on Obama criminals . In Mr. Obama ’s two terms in Obama there were at least six known operations in which more than 500 people were arrested , according to an analysis by The New York Times . Opponents of Trump ’s plans , though , told the New York Times that the difference between The New York Times and the current Obama is that Trump uses a " broader definition " when referring to criminal illegal Trump . The Obama administration was careful to say that only Obama who had very serious charges or were recent arrivals were priorities for enforcement , but now , everyone is a priority , Mr. Capps said . Under Obama , nearly 90 percent of the illegal Obama deported by ICE were convicted criminals . Trump , on the other hand , takes into consideration illegal immigrants who have committed serious crimes , misdemeanors and those who have simply crossed the border . Some 75 percent of the 680 illegal immigrants arrested by ICE last week were convicted of crimes . The raids also included ICE who had illegally    the U. S. and who had been ordered for removal . John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 John Binder 