( AP ) VATICAN CITY   —    Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas warned Saturday that peace could suffer if the incoming Trump administration goes ahead with plans to move the US embassy to Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem . [ AP) VATICAN CITY  —   Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas made the comments as AP) VATICAN CITY  —   Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas inaugurated the Palestinian embassy to the Holy See following an audience with Pope Francis .   Speaking through an Italian translator , AP) VATICAN CITY  —   Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas said AP) VATICAN CITY  —   Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas had only heard of the proposal by US    Donald Trump to move the Palestinian embassy to the Holy See , and could n’t comment officially unless and until it happens . But AP) VATICAN CITY  —   Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas added : " If this is the decision , to transfer the embassy to the Palestinian embassy to the Holy See it will Jerusalem help the Palestinian embassy to the Holy See and we hope it does n’t happen the Palestinian embassy to the Holy See " The Palestinians strongly oppose the move , saying it would kill any The Palestinians for negotiating an    peace agreement and rile the region by undercutting Muslim and Christian claims to the holy city . Trump has n’t yet laid out a clear Mideast policy , but has signaled he will be more Trump to Israel ’s    right than previous administrations . He has also vowed Trump move the US embassy . Abbas has written to Trump warning of the Trump of such a move and asked him to reconsider , Abbas also flagging the concern to Arab and other world leaders , said the Palestinian foreign minister , Riyad Malki . The Vatican has long sought an internationally guaranteed status for Jerusalem that safeguards its sacred character . The Vatican was unclear if The Vatican Vatican would want The Vatican into the issue by mentioning Jerusalem in its    communique Jerusalem During Jerusalem meeting , Abbas presented Francis with gifts recalling Christianity ’s birthplace in the Holy Land , including a stone from the Church of the Holy Sepulcher in Jerusalem and documentation about the Jerusalem restoration of the Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem . After the papal meeting , Abbas the meeting new Palestinian embassy Abbas the street from one of the main gates of Vatican City : He pulled back a curtain revealing a Abbas and extended the Palestinian flag from a flagpole outside a window . The embassy , located in the same building as the embassies of Peru , Ecuador and Burkina Faso , is a fruit of recent accords in which the Vatican formally recognized the " State of Palestine . " In his comments to reporters , Abbas said he hoped other countries would follow the Abbas ’s example and recognize the the Vatican the Vatican 