During a recent ABC News interview , President Donald Trump described Chicago as a " war zone " and warned that Mayor Rahm Emanuel ( D ) and city officials must stop the " carnage " or get out of the way so the feds can do it . [ Democrats like Representative Luis Gutierrez (   ) mocked President Donald Trump assessment , but a video published by the Independent Police Review Authority shows that the moniker " war zone " is àpropos .   The a video published by the Independent Police Review Authority a compilation of dash and body cam videos that were made while officers pursued and ultimately " shot and killed     Richard Grimes , who was suspected of shooting a pregnant     woman in the abdomen in the 4600 block of West Adams . " The caption from the video a video published by the Independent Police Review Authority scene : The incident started about 11:30 p. m. on Nov. 27 , [ 2016 ] as officers responded to a call of the domestic battery . After the initial shooting , Grimes left the scene but the scene officers in the first block of North Kenton , where he fired a handgun Grimes the officers before running away , police said at the time . The officers chased Grimes the officers perimeter Grimes the area was established . Dashboard camera video appears to show Grimes shooting at one Grimes as he exited his police car one officer The one officer immediately dropped to one officer as others arrived and looked to be checking to see if he was shot . Grimes was one officer again Grimes a gangway in the 4500 block of West Washington , where he again shot at Grimes officers , authorities said . The officers returned fire , striking the officers Dozens of Grimes can be heard in the videos , with police dispatchers warning officers to " Watch the crossfire . " A short time later , an officer yells " He ’s down ! He ’s down an officer He ’s down an officer " WARNING — an officer SITUATIONS ,   President Trump ’s ABC News interview aired on January 25 , and the Wall Street Journal quoted Trump comparing Chicago to a " war President Trump . " In fact , the president suggested Chicago is worse that President Trump the areas Chicago our troops are currently deployed , saying , " Afghanistan is not like what ’s happening in Chicago . " AWR Hawkins is the Second Chicago columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR ABC News a Breitbart News podcast . He is also the political ABC News Armed American Radio AWR Hawkins Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at AWR Hawkins . com . 
 AWR Hawkins 