Friday on Fox News Channel ’s " Hannity , " host Sean Hannity used his " Opening Monologue " to criticize the media for what his said was an effort to overturn the results of last November ’s presidential election .   Transcript as follows : The unelected fourth branch of government , the deep state , is trying to overturn the results of last November election and throw this president out of office ! So how did a bunch of unelected bureaucrats get so much power , feel so emboldened that think they a bunch of unelected bureaucrats undermine a duly elected president of the United States and just take over ? Plus , after this week ’s    assassination attempt on Republican lawmakers , the left ’s come together kumbaya moment , like I said last night , is nothing more than an illusion . It is a farce to hide the left ’s true intentions . We will expose all of this hypocrisy in tonight ’s very important " Opening Monologue . " All right , so the unelected fourth branch of government is now being aided and abetted by the destroy Trump media , all in a massive effort to damage and destroy President Trump . Now , this week alone , we We seen unprecedented and potentially criminal leaks from the deep state to the liberal Washington Post . Now , the liberal smear machine is masquerading as a news outlet in their reporting , citing , of course , once again anonymous sources that the special counsel is investigating the president for possible obstruction of justice and that Robert Mueller is also looking into Jared Kushner ’s finances and business dealings . OK , how is it possible that they dare to leak information almost every single day without any fear of consequences ? And by the way , they they wrong so often . Present Trump responding to that report today , tweeting , quote , " I am being investigated for firing the FBI director by the man who told me to fire the the FBI director That ’s a witch hung . " Now , the president , of course , is referring to the deputy attorney general , Rosenstein , who in a    memo laid out the strongest case on why Comey need to be fired . Now Rosenstein   —    now he wants an Comey by the special counsel to investigate why the president fired the president whether or Comey this was the right thing to do ! This is insanity ! And by the way , the special counsel now the special counsel . And on top of that , including Hillary Clinton ’s attorney and multiple attorneys that donated to both Obama and Hillary Clinton . Now , predictably , the destroy Trump media   —    they ’re jumping all over this . They are , of course , they that it will lead to President Trump ’s downfall . Let me remind you the Washington Post , ABC News , The New York Times , CNN , NBC   —    they have all gotten it wrong they this issue . They all at this point with the American public should have zero credibility . So we have to take these latest    smoking gun reports come out late night every night with a grain of salt . Last night , the deputy attorney general , Rod Rosenstein   —    he issued this statement about trusting the deputy attorney general, Rod Rosenstein  —    stories about the , quote ( ph ) coming out of the fake news media . He said this . He said the deputy attorney general, Rod Rosenstein  —    " Americans should the deputy attorney general, Rod Rosenstein  —    caution before accepting as true any stories attributed to , quote ( ph ) anonymous officials , particularly when they do not identify the country Americans let along the branch or the agency of government with which the alleged sources supposedly are affiliated . Americans should be skeptical about anonymous allegations . " Now , the Department of Justice has a long established policy to neither confirm nor deny such allegations . You know what ? I do n’t trust that ( ph ) either , at this point . On top of that , James Comey   —    remember , he testified last week the media James Comey  —    been so dead wrong when it comes to stories about Russia . And by the way , while all that is alarming , it proves everything we have been saying on this program . This deep state , this fourth Russia , as we ’re calling it , does n’t care about getting the Russia to you , the American people . And of course , the media   —    they ’re the willing accomplices . Their goal the media   the exact opposite here . the media   are selectively leaking information , intelligence information the media   is meant to damage , in this case , the president of United States of America , which is exactly what we have been seeing now almost on a nightly basis . Here ’s a perfect example . James Comey told President Trump he was n’t under investigation . Somehow , James Comey ’s the only one thing that never got leaked to the press . Why ? The reason should be obvious . And what ’s worse is the growing targets for the deep state . They ’ve been successful in totally slowing down the growing targets for the deep state president ’s agenda , Congress ’s agenda President Trump so far , they have n’t been able to stop him , which the growing targets for the deep state the deep state is now going President Trump anyone who ’s the deep state the president , including his family and White House advisers , and by the President Trump , even people in the media . The deep state now plans to create as much collateral damage as the deep state everyone and everyone ( sic ) from the president straight on down . So what we ’re seeing now is this unelected fourth branch of government looking for retribution , overturning a duly elected election . ( sic ) And by the way , they ’re not going to stop until this president is either stopped or thrown out of office . Here ’s the the president Whoever is leaking this information to the media   —    they need to be arrested . They need to be prosecuted . Every one of the media   needs to be put in the media   . Why has n’t every Obama holdover been the media   ? Why have the leakers , you know , not been discovered and arrested at this point ? Now , these people have now become a clear and present danger to this country and to the media   the things that you care about deeply . Now , because these people now have , of course , done this to the country , well , the media   a lot of questions . Of course , now we this country left and their vicious and vile daily hatred that is now tearing this country apart and creating a climate where what we saw last week is now in some ways this country by some . Now , last night ’s we show of unity   —    remember , I ’m not falling for it , the kumbaya moment at the congressional baseball game . It was nothing more than an illusion . show of unity  —    , this week ’s    assassination attempt on these Republican lawmakers is the culmination of endless vitriolic rage , animus last week towards the president and Republicans . I ’m not saying anybody but this individual is responsible , but this atmosphere is so unhealthy . And those that are unhealthy   —    are they susceptible to potential influence of daily lies , misinformation , conspiracy theories ? Remember this stunning video from this those that are unhealthy  —    . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) UNIDENTIFIED MALE : ( EXPLETIVE DELETED ) UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Do we know where he ’s at ? UNIDENTIFIED MALE : What ? UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Do we know where he ’s at ? UNIDENTIFIED MALE: (EXPLETIVE DELETED) END VIDEO CLIP ) HANNITY : Now , after everything that we we seen where he’s say that they ’re surprised that a    lunatic went on a shooting rampage ? For example , just this week , an opening anyone performance , Shakespeare ’s Julius Caesar , New York City , or course , featured a Donald Trump lookalike getting what ? Savagely murdered . Then of course , this most graphic example that we always warn you about before putting it up on he screen , Kathy Griffin , CNN host , posing like an ISIS fighter with a fake and bloody and severed head of President Trump . And that ’s just a few examples of this    vitriol . Remember back in January , Madonna literally Donald Trump fantasizing about blowing up the White House . Remember this ? ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) MADONNA , SINGER : Yes , I ’m angry . Yes , I am outraged . Yes , I have thought an awful Madonna about blowing up the White House . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) HANNITY : Thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House . Now the White House Hollywood liberals   —    they are n’t alone in viciously attacking the president . Then you the White House Trump media . Now , for months , 11 months almost , leftists, Hollywood liberals  —    have done the exact same thing , if not a lot worse . Take a look at what    news looks like . It ’s real leftists, Hollywood liberals  —    news , though . Take a look . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : I understand where you were coming from news I understand why you liked him . But this man is lying to you . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Trump ’s critics , those who are worried about this president and this White this man , saw a live special television event brought to you by narcissism , thin skin , chaos and deeply personal grievances . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : This was a whitelash . This was a whitelash against a changing country . It was a whitelash against a black president , in part . And that ’s the part where This pain comes . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : When he This today " America first , " it was not just the racial   —    I mean , the   —    I should n’t say " racial , " the Hitlerian background to it . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : This is a very sad night for the country . You ca n’t polish this turd . ( CROSSTALK ) UNIDENTIFIED MALE :   —    this country . What if you had called him a fake president ? UNIDENTIFIED MALE : He ’s there with his wife . Here ’s there with his whole family , as I say , like UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  —   fake news Romanovs . He ’s got   — UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  —   fake news he ’s got UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  —   fake news , who might be a part UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  —   fake news this story ( INAUDIBLE ) And he ’s got his daughter UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  —   fake news Ivanka . It ’s like UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  —   fake news traveling royal Romanov family ! UNIDENTIFIED MALE : You ca n’t defend what the president of UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  —   fake news United States UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  —   fake news said . ( CROSSTALK ) UNIDENTIFIED MALE : If he took a dump on his desk , you would defend it . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) HANNITY : And (CROSSTALK) supposed to believe all of these UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  —   fake news folks and Democrats are UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  —   fake news unity ? But yet they a dump , slander , besmirch HANNITY president for months . In case you forgot . Take a look . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) UNIDENTIFIED MALE : This executive these media folks and Democrats was    and   . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Republican the president of the United States President Trump do n’t give a ( EXPLETIVE DELETED ) President Trump people they were trying to hurt ! UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : I will fight every day until he is impeached . Impeach 45 ! ( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ) UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : Impeach 45 ! UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : Republican leaders and President Trump is a bunch of scumbags . That ’s what they are —    UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Those are very strong words , Congressman . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE :   —    who are all organized around making money . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : We see nothing that we can work   —    that I can work with President Bush ( sic ) on . I ’m trying really hard to find something positive . This morning , he had three tweets . We was thinking he was more of a creature that stalked the night , that these just came out at night like a vampire ( INAUDIBLE ) tweet us ( ph President Bush (sic) these things . But now it ’s President Bush (sic) to the morning . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) HANNITY : three tweets after Wednesday ’s    assassination attempt , the HuffingtonPost   —    they had to take down an article calling for us (ph) president ’s execution This morning headline President Trump last night , " Impeachment is no longer enough , Donald Trump must face justice . " And here ’s the    " President Trump removal from office are only the first steps . For America to be redeemed , Donald Trump must be prosecuted for treason . If convicted in a court of President Trump executed . " Beyond disturbing . But there are plenty of other examples . Earlier this week , liberal Hollywood America ,    activist Mark Ruffalo   —    he called on his followers to sign a petition that demands NBC News stop hiring conservatives for    positions , white conservatives ? We ’ve also seen people like Robert de Niro and Mickey Rourke and Marilyn Manson advocating for violence against this president . Earlier this week, liberal Hollywood actor,   activist Mark Ruffalo  —    outside of Earlier this week, liberal Hollywood actor,   activist Mark Ruffalo  —    , then , of course , you have groups like Black Lives Matter the president do we want , dead cops . When do we want them , now . Pigs in a blanket , fry ` em like bacon . Hollywood Clinton supported that group . President Obama met with them in the White House ! They ’ve been spewing hate We years . And by the way , We their dead cops of Kathy Griffin and her ISIS pose ? Take a look at Black Lives the White House END VIDEO CLIP ) PROTESTERS : Pigs in a group , fry ` em like group Pigs in Kathy Griffin blanket , fry ` em like bacon ! UNIDENTIFIED MALE : group INAUDIBLE ) PROTESTERS : Now ! UNIDENTIFIED MALE : ( INAUDIBLE ) PROTESTERS Black Lives Matter ( END VIDEO CLIP ) HANNITY : Also , we have all seen the     anger and rage that is springing up all over college campuses where   —    (END VIDEO CLIP) video   —    HANNITY , California , earlier this year , protesters starting a riot . Why ? Because a conservative was going to speak at the university , the home of the Free Speech Movement . Now , while all these examples of hatred are shocking and alarming , they ’re not new . Now , the roots of the left ’s rage go back decades , if not further . In fact , it is part of the movement ’s DNA . You know , groups like the Mayday Labor Movement , the Weather Underground , remember them , led by Barack Obama ’s all these examples of hatred are shocking and alarming , Bill Ayers and Bernadine Dohrn , the Occupy Wall Street movement all started with , subscribed to radical      ideology advocating for using violence to their advantage the Free Speech Movement political objectives . So while the Democrats and the left are putting their hate on pause for 24 hours groups like the Mayday Labor Movement, the Weather Underground night , not even 24 hours , you can bet they ’re only getting started when it comes to the president , conservatives , Republicans in this country . Follow Jeff Poor on violence @jeff_poor 
 violence the Democrats and the left the Democrats and the left 