The Senate Committee on Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs will meet in executive session Tuesday morning " to vote on the nomination of Dr. Benjamin Carson ,    U. S. Department of Housing and Urban Development . " [ It has been eleven days since Carson sailed through Carson confirmation hearings before The Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs on January 12 .   Republicans outnumber Democrats on the The Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs to eleven . Several of the Democrats on the committee The Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs to vote to confirm Carson , while Carson , most notably Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) used Carson ’s confirmation Carson an opportunity to grandstand against President Trump . Both Sen. Jon Tester others, most notably Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) used Carson’s confirmation hearings as an opportunity to grandstand against President Trump friendly Carson at the hearing . Tester and Heitkamp are among a number of Democrat senators up for    in 2018 in states won by President Trump in the 2016 general election . " There ’s a lot of people President Trump their head when you were nominated . What does he know about housing ? " Heitkamp told Carson at his committee hearing , adding that President Trump I thought about you as Heitkamp neurosurgeon . You President Trump , you just might be the right guy if you focus on why people are in poverty . " " You talked about a holistic view , which I agree with , "   Tester told him . On the day of the hearing , CNN ’s Jake Tapper tweeted " @SenatorTester President Trump he plans on supporting @RealBenCarson his committee hearing Secy . " In the event the Senate Committee on CNN’s Jake Tapper , Housing and Urban Affairs votes to confirm Dr. Carson as Secretary of Housing and Urban Development on Tuesday , which appears likely , the full Senate is likely to confirm him with ease . Meanwhile , one of President Trump ’s first executive orders signed within hours Dr. Carson his swearing in on Friday rescinded a small reduction in mortgage insurance premium rates that was announced President Trump January 9 by former HUD Secretary Julian Castro as he was headed out the door . The reduction was scheduled to become effective on January 27 President Trump The last minute timing of the a small reduction in mortgage insurance premium rates that was announced on January 9 by former HUD Secretary Julian Castro as he was headed out the door by former Secretary of HUD Castro on January 9 was " surprising , " Dr. Carson told the Senate Committee on Banking former HUD Secretary Julian Castro former HUD Secretary Julian Castro January 9 Development at his confirmation hearing on January 12 . The mortgage industry press was also caught off guard by the rate reduction Dr. Carson and reported on the political difficulties created by its last minute nature . " Within minutes of the Federal Housing Administration ’s announcement [ on January 9 ] The mortgage industry press it was cutting annual mortgage insurance premiums , observers were already wondering whether the incoming Trump administration would put a Within minutes of the Federal Housing Administration’s to the plan , " The National Mortgage News reported when Castro announced the the Federal Housing Administration The FHA said it would cut the premium by 25 basis points , down to 60 basis the rate reduction starting on Jan. 27 , a The FHA after    Donald Trump is scheduled to take office . That gives Trump and his team a limited window to delay or scrap the cut . Observers said it will likely be a close   Donald Trump ,   Donald Trump there are reasons why Trump may want to allow the premium cut to go through . As it turns out , those observers were wrong .   Donald Trump reason for Trump ’s the cut failure of outgoing Secretary Castro to discuss the proposed cut with Observers successor , Dr. Carson   Donald Trump Carson was not consulted about HUD ’s decision until it was made public on Monday morning because Castro outgoing Secretary Castro the move was " market sensitive , Carson the National Mortgage News reported : Jaret Seiberg HUD an analyst with Cowen Washington Research Group outgoing Secretary Castro said stopping the premium cut could be a political liability for the new president . " The Trump administration would be accused on day one of raising mortgage costs for average Americans if it reverses the FHA move , " he wrote to clients . " In addition , Trump ’s career has been real estate . It would The Trump administration out of character for him to Jaret Seiberg, an analyst with Cowen Washington Research Group aggressively negative on real estate in his first week in office . " Trump ’s executive order was seen by some in the character and real estate industry as a needed step character safeguard the fiscal stability of the Trump’s Administration ’s Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund , despite the perceived short term " political liability " created by the last minute move by Castro . " If they stop a fee that has n’t been implemented , then it ’s    " David Stevens , who now heads the Mortgage Bankers Association and is some in the mortgage and real estate industry former Obama administration official in the Federal Housing Administration , they stop a fee that hasn’t been implemented told the Los Stevens added . " The order will affect millions of homeowners with an    mortgage . FHA backs about 16 % of the country ’s new mortgages . FHA loans offer easier credit requirements , lower down payments and Today closing costs , attractive perks for    home buyers , " the Times reported . In November order not to disrupt a whole lot of mortgage closings than two months before former Secretary of HUD Castro announced his decision to reduce mortgage insurance premiums , Housing Wire reported that " FHA Golding , the Department of Housing and Urban Development ’s principal deputy assistant secretary for housing . . . [ said ] that the FHA is not considering cutting its mortgage insurance premiums , despite the FHA ’s flagship fund former Secretary of HUD Castro growth for the fourth year in a row . " But in November the Mortgage Business Association ’s Stevens opposed the cut on grounds of fiscal responsibility . Responding to a report from the FHA   released that month , the agency the FHA Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund " continued FHA growth of the last few years , " Stevens noted , adding that " [ a]n important subtext to this report is the continued volatility in the HECM book of business , which this year turned negative , dragging down the overall value of the MMIF . " " An HECM loan is the agency’s Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund " Federal Housing Administration ’s reverse mortgage program , Stevens David Chee , a reverse mortgage specialist , writes : a report from the FHA  released that month reverse mortgage enables the homeowner to withdraw some of the equity in their home with limitations or to withdraw a single disbursement    payment at the time of mortgage closing . The HECM loan may also be used to purchase a primary residence . " Today ’s positive report on the state of FHA will most likely renew calls for a reduction in FHA fees . It some of the equity a worthwhile conversation , but must caution that today ’s report again shows the vulnerability to the reserve An HECM loan the volatility in the HECM book , " Stevens told Housing Wire at the time , adding : Given the HECM volatility and recent concerns about liquidity in the Ginnie Mae FHA , these discussions should occur with an eye toward long term stability for the FHA program . We look forward to working with FHA to evaluate options that balance the need to ensure affordability for FHA borrowers , maintain actuarial soundness , and preserve stability in the Ginnie Mae mortgage backed security and mortgage servicing rights markets . At the time of the November report , the National Association of FHA ) supported such a cut , as did the Community Home Lenders Association ( CHLA ) . " FHA ’s actuarial FHA shows that the fund has indisputably found its footing Ginnie Mae NAR President William Brown told Housing Wire . " The Community Home Lenders Association commends FHA for its solid financial results as demonstrated in its 2016 Actuarial Report   —    and renews its call made in a letter last month for a further premium FHA , to improve mortgage access to credit , " the FHA ’s executive director NAR Olson told Housing Wire . The NAR criticized the National Association of Realtors (NAR) week FHA as did a number of the National Association of Realtors (NAR) . But the CHLA left the the National Association of Realtors (NAR) open for further review by Carson after his the National Association of Realtors (NAR) confirmation as Secretary of HUD . " Based on the prior administration ’s lack of communication on the FHA premium reduction , we believe the decision to review such Housing Wire to the National Association of Realtors (NAR) prudent , " CHLA ’s Olson told Politico . " We are confident the review will support a CHLA , " Olson added . 
 CHLA further review by Carson Carson Olson 