Barron Trump , President Donald Trump ’s     son , reportedly " panicked " and became distressed after seeing Kathy Griffin ’s    " beheading " photograph because Barron Trump, President Donald Trump’s    son did n’t know who Kathy Griffin was or understand the context of the photo . [ According to TMZ , Trump ’s youngest son was watching television Tuesday when Trump’s youngest son saw the image of Kathy Griffin holding a fake , bloody decapitated head meant to resemble the president ’s head .   Sources told the gossip outlet that Barron " panicked " and began calling for Trump’s . " Trump’s youngest son ’s 11 . Trump’s youngest son does n’t know who Kathy Griffin is and the head she Kathy Griffin holding resembled his Trump’s youngest son , " the source told TMZ . The photo of Griffin Kathy Griffin up Trump ’s severed head   —    taken during a photo shoot with L. A.   artist Tyler Shields   —    was first published Tuesday morning by TMZ and sparked a firestorm online , TMZ backlash coming from both sides of the political aisle and thousands of people calling for a boycott of Griffin Kathy Griffin national comedy tour . The Kathy Griffin Wednesday morning , saying the photograph had been particularly difficult for his children Kathy Griffin including Barron . " Kathy Griffin Kathy Griffin ashamed of herself . My Kathy Griffin , especially my 11 year old son , Barron , are having a hard time with this . Sick ! " Trump tweeted . Kathy Griffin should Kathy Griffin of herself . My children Kathy Griffin especially my 11 year old son , My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 31 , 2017 ,   Griffin apologized in a Kathy Griffin posted to her Twitter account Tuesday Kathy Griffin in which she said she " Kathy Griffin the Kathy Griffin " and that the photo had gone " too far . " The Secret Service has reportedly opened an investigation into the circumstances surrounding the photo shoot . Meanwhile , the fallout from the incident has continued CNN , where Griffin has    a Kathy Griffin New Year ’s Eve broadcast with Anderson Cooper since 2007 , announced it was " evaluating " her future role in Kathy Griffin program , while the comedian ’s scheduled performance at the Route 66 Casino in Albuquerque , New Mexico has been cancelled .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 