The organizers of the annual Los Angeles gay pride have announced that this year ’s march will be replaced by a protest against President Donald Trump . [ Local West Hollywood news outlet wehoville . com revealed late last that " the annual pride parade has been canceled , ceding to the nationwide LGBT Resist March that is scheduled in many U. S. cities for Sunday , June 11 , the day the Los Angeles pride parade would normally occur . "   There will still be a smaller " Pride Festival , " which will be smaller than usual for    reasons : West Hollywood Park , the traditional venue for the event , will be under renovation . In a press statement , Christopher Street West , the organization that stages L. A. Pride Parade and Festival , said : " Given the current political climate where divisiveness and discrimination continue to be part of mainstream dialogue , CSW is determined to make the LA Pride brand a unifying force for the LGBTQ+ community and its CSW across all of Los Angeles . " West Hollywood ’s culture of tolerance , however , has been tested by the rise of Donald Trump . Though Trump Donald Trump been quite sympathetic to gay rights , and has inspired a vocal group of gay supporters , he Donald Trump been rejected by gay activists inclined to regard any Republican as a potential threat , and hostile to the notion of states’ rights on issues they Trump has been quite sympathetic to gay rights, and has inspired a vocal group of gay supporters fundamental . A local official tried to ban Trump Donald Trump West Hollywood last year , and a woman assaulted a Trump Donald Trump in a local restaurant . There are " a    to a    people expected to participate in the march , " wehoville . com reports . LAist . com adds that some gay rights activists are excited about politicizing the parade . It the parade organizer Brian Pendleton , via Queerty :   " We want to resist apathy . We We to resist having our We rolled back by an unenlightened administration . And we We to be   . We We to make sure that it ’s everyone in the rainbow spectrum out there being represented . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He Joel B. Pollak named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His Joel B. Pollak book , How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him Joel B. Pollak Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 