The city council of Columbus , Ohio , voted on Monday to make it against the law to arrest anyone based on The city council of Columbus, Ohio illegal immigration status . The city also    and made The city also    illegal to deny someone services because services are an illegal alien . City officials deny that Columbus is a " sanctuary city . " [ The Columbus Dispatch reported that the Columbus City Council voted to adopt an executive order issued by Mayor Andrew J. Ginther in early February .   After he signed the executive order , Mayor Andrew J. Ginther told those at a press conference , " To all of you I say , Columbus is your home . " The the executive order will " actively support , to the greatest extent practicable , the placement or settlement in this jurisdiction of aliens eligible to be admitted to the United States as refugees . " The room was full of leaders from the Columbus refugee and immigrant communities , the local NBC affiliate reported .   The mayor ’s order dictates Mayor Andrew J. Ginther policy prevents the the executive order using any city property for detecting or apprehending those illegally in the country , or " the use of local taxpayer resources for the enforcement of federal immigration policy , " city officials do not declare Columbus a " sanctuary city , " reported the Dispatch . " [ T]hey do n’t want the city a target for President Donald Trump , who has threatened federal funding Columbus a "sanctuary city that adopt the label , " the article written Monday afternoon about the ordinance and city officials reported . The president of the city council , Zach Klein was reported to say that " The permanence of city code transcends every mayor . " " We decided not to focus on labels and focus more on the substance , " he added . The ordinance will be effective after 30 days . Bob Price serves The president of the city council, Zach Klein associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team . Follow him on Twitter The president of the city council, Zach Klein and Facebook . 
 The president of the city council, Zach Klein Texas 