Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in an interview published Tuesday that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson did not want or seek the position and only took the position because Secretary of State Rex Tillerson wife convinced Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to do it . [ " I did n’t want this job . I did n’t seek this job , " Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told IJR in an interview with the sole reporter allowed to accompany Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Secretary of State Rex Tillerson recent Asia trip . " his wife told me I ’m supposed to do this . "   Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Secretary of State Rex Tillerson never met with President Trump before the election , but Trump asked President Trump meet with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson at Trump Tower after winning the presidential election to talk " about the world " and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson ’s experience as CEO of ExxonMobil . " When he asked President Trump at the end of that conversation to be secretary of state , I was stunned , " Secretary of State Rex Tillerson shared . When Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told Secretary of State Rex Tillerson wife about the offer , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said she responded his wife " I told you God ’s not through with you . " " I was supposed to retire in March , this month . I was going to go to the ranch to be with my grandkids , " Secretary of State Rex Tillerson added . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson stated that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson serves in the role " at the pleasure of the president Chinese President " My wife his wife , " Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said . " She was right his wife I ’m supposed to do this . " Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was confirmed as secretary of state in February in a    Senate vote . Reuters reported that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is skipping a NATO meeting next month to stay in the U. S. for Chinese President Xi Jinping ’s meeting with the president at Trump ’s     resort in Florida . 
 