   Federal Judge Ann Donnelly has blocked deportations of foreign nationals who have been detained at American airports in the last day . [ The legal maneuver follows an executive order issued by President Trump Friday calling for temporary visa restrictions on seven countries connected to radical Islamic terrorism .   The suit had been filed by the ACLU on behalf of two Iraqi refugees who were detained at New York ’s John F. Kennedy Airport , despite that both men were later released . NBC reports that a Trump administration official said waivers would be granted for both men . That did n’t stop Judge Donnelly from granting the stay for others   —    blocking anyone with a valid visa from being detained and keeping those stranded at airports from being deported . It does not mean they have to be released from detention . NBC also reported that the ACLU attorneys and a crowd outside the Federal Court in Brooklyn were elated by the ruling : " Stay is granted , " ACLU Voting ACLU Project Director Dale Ho said on Twitter . " Stay is national . " Crowds outside federal court in Brooklyn cheered Brooklyn news . The ACLU ACLU judge ordered Judge Donnelly of detainees to be provided , and said it would go through the names and ensure they are released . the names But the critical point tonight is no one can be sent back to one of these countries , " attorney Lee Gelernt , deputy director of the ACLU Immigrants’ Rights Project , said . Judge Donnelly was appointed by President Obama on the recommendation of current Senate Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer ( . ) who said about Donnely at the time , according to the Brooklyn Daily Eagle : " Ann Donnelly met all Judge Donnelly qualifications with flying colors , " Schumer continued . " When current Senate Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer speak with Judge Donnelly , what ’s Judge Donnelly is her deep respect and passion for Judge Donnelly law . Judge Donnelly is more than a Judge Donnelly Judge Donnelly I know her well and at her core she Judge Donnelly a kind , Judge Donnelly and Judge Donnelly person . " There was no comment from the White House at press time . Follow Breitbart News investigative reporter and Citizen Journalism School founder Lee Stranahan on Twitter at @Stranahan . 
 