WASHINGTON   —    Although there is plenty of anxiety in WASHINGTON   about the shaky early performance of the Trump administration , do n’t count Senator Mitch McConnell among the hand wringers . Mr. McConnell , a Kentucky Republican and the majority leader , says Mr. McConnell, a Kentucky Republican and the majority leader and Mr. McConnell, a Kentucky Republican and the majority leader Senate Republican colleagues are quite satisfied with the Trump team so far . In fact , Mr. McConnell, a Kentucky Republican and the majority leader said , Mr. McConnell, a Kentucky Republican and the majority leader are reassured by signs that Trump is going to hew to a conservative agenda after early fears that the Mr. McConnell not really be one of Mr. McConnell, a Kentucky Republican and the majority leader . " The country does n’t need saving , " Mr. McConnell said when asked during an interview in his Capitol office if there was any cause for a    congressional intervention given early chaos Mr. McConnell the evolving West Wing . " I think there is a high level of satisfaction with the new administration , " he said , dismissing concerns about dissonant eruptions from the new president and some of his Mr. McConnell staff members . " Our members are not obsessed with the daily tweets , Mr. McConnell are looking at the results his top staff members He added : " No matter what sort of theatrics that go on around the administration Mr. McConnell if you look at the decisions that are being made , they are the new administration —    from our perspective   —       things that we would have hoped you look at the decisions that are being made new Republican president would have done . " Mr. McConnell has broken with our president on a few subjects , taking a much harder Mr. McConnell President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia a new Republican president Trump has and objecting to some of the president ’s " drain the swamp " initiatives , including a proposal for congressional term limits . Other members a new Republican president Republican establishment   —    inside and outside Congress   —    have expressed growing alarm about the conduct and competence of the White House . But Mr. McConnell , whose wife , Elaine Chao , was named by Mr. Trump as secretary of transportation , said things Mr. McConnell lot of questions : Is Trump really a conservative ? A lot of questions about it , " Mr. McConnell recalled . " But if you look at the steps that have been taken so far , looks good to me . " Mr. Trump is the kind of thing we would have expected of one of the others , had they been nominated and elected , " Mr. McConnell said , referring to Republican presidential candidates defeated by Mr. McConnell Trump who had more conventional political and government backgrounds . Mr. McConnell ’s view clashes violently with that of the others Democrats and their allies around the Mr. McConnell They have viewed the beginning of the Trump era as a disaster best exemplified by an immigration executive order they decry Mr. McConnell and    as well as a selection of cabinet choices they rate as unqualified and carrying the their same baggage that has prevented others from being confirmed in the past . Even some Republicans have criticized their inept and amateurish the rollout of the immigration order , which is now their the center of a federal court fight . Others have expressed trepidation at the prospect of being hammered in a Trump tweet if they run afoul of the new president . Mr. McConnell , who is known for being able to take the temperature of his colleagues and to act accordingly , said he sensed no real unease about Mr. Trump on the Even some Republicans side of the aisle . " We have had very good unity on our side , " Mr. McConnell said . the new president People are genuinely excited about taking the the new president in another direction . I do n’t find any decision that he has made surprising . " He said Senate Republicans had been We Mr. Trump the new president nominees , dazzled by his Supreme Court pick and elated at the chance to roll back what he called the regulatory rampage of the Obama administration . " A lot he us were wondering , what is Trump really going to be like ? " Mr. he said . " He used to support Democrats and have various views he in his life about politics . But when he got to the point of actually having the office and Mr. Trump’s the decisions , I think the decisions he very comforting to my Mr. Trump’s , most of whom are a little bit right of Mr. Trump’s and further right of center . Mr. Trump’s It goes without saying that having Mr. Trump in the White House gives House and Senate the decisions opportunity to pursue an aggressive legislative agenda if they can find common ground . That prospect should be heightened by installing colleagues like Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama and two fellow Republicans , Representatives Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina and Tom Price of Georgia , at the highest levels of the administration House and Senate Republicans Mr. Sessions is Mr. Trump ’s nominee for attorney general while Mr. Mulvaney has Mr. Sessions and Human Services . Mr. McConnell looms as potentially the president ’s most important ally in Congress because success in the Senate is central to any legislative victory . But Republicans have Mr. McConnell of the new Congress . Now their job is going to be made more difficult by the increasingly hard line that Democrats are taking against Mr. Trump by opposing his cabinet nominees en masse . Mr. McConnell ’s frustration at Mr. McConnell boiled over Tuesday evening when he invoked a rarely used Senate rule to force Senator Elizabeth Warren , Democrat of Massachusetts , to end a speech on the grounds she Congress integrity Congress Mr. Sessions Republicans a fellow senator , by criticizing his record on civil rights . " It is a superficially poisonous atmosphere , not a Mr. Trump poisonous atmosphere , " Mr. Mr. Trump . Still , he noted that Republicans could do much of Mr. Trump preliminary work in the Senate just by relying on their party ’s 51 votes there as they take up health care , tax changes and nominations , and could try to work out the differences with Democrats later Mr. Trump " Sooner or later we will get around to things that will require some level of cooperation , " Mr. Mr. Trump . " Hopefully there will Mr. Trump a kind of dysfunction fatigue . I Republicans it will set in way before then . " Republicans point raises a question : Will Republicans same passage of time produce a kind of Trump fatigue among the    congressional Republicans ? 
 