Kamala Harris , California ’s freshman senator and former state attorney general , has been quite the newsmaker in Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general short five months on Capitol Hill . Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general ’s been dropping    told to stop harassing witnesses at hearings , and staking Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general ground as the most    lawmaker in Washington . [ Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general face has been plastered all over newspaper front pages and TV screens . While Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general has become the darling of the progressive left , Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general is now among the most loathsome figures for conservatives or anyone who supports President Trump ’s agenda . There is now rampant speculation that Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general ’s gearing up for a 2020 presidential run , even though for now Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general denies it .   But just exactly who is Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general ? For all the noise she Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general making now in Washington , Harris Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general 52 , actually has a relatively low profile in much of her Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general state . Her Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general rise has been groomed by the state ’s Democratic machine , which is now akin to a monarchical procession in    rule California . Born to an Indian mother and a Jamaican father , Harris’ upbringing was that of a typical leftist . She Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general raised in Berkeley and grew up in academic circles of her Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general after her Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general divorce . She Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general Howard University in Washington , D. C. and earned her Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general degree from Hastings in San Francisco , though she Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general her Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general exam on the first try . Harris’ big break in her Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general career came after dating Willie Brown , a powerful former California Assembly speaker and mayor of San San Francisco She Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general the District Attorney of San Francisco San Francisco and narrowly winning the race for state attorney general in 2010 in an election that was possibly tainted by voter fraud and was n’t decided until nearly three weeks later . After she Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general the state AG , her Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general ascension was mapped out . She Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general to become the next senator from California after the retirement of Barbara Boxer . Harris won the 2016 senate race easily , defeating Loretta Sanchez with more than 60 percent of the vote in an    contest . Harris’ platform was that of the boilerplate progressive left , championing the climate change agenda , increasing the federal minimum wage , renewing the ban on assault weapons , and providing aid for illegal aliens while shielding them from federal agents . But after being accused of being too low key and risk averse during much of her political career in California , Harris has adopted a different persona after arriving in Washington . She intentionally dropped her    at a public event discussing health care , voted against 32 of 38 of President Trump ’s nominees , and then last week earned a rebuke from her senate colleagues her she endlessly interrupted her Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein during hearings . All these moves were designed to raise her profile among her , who are bereft of talent to run on a national ticket . Harris presents a younger , sassier , and    version of the    models of Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders . " The dominant trend in Democratic Party politics is fresh , new , and interesting   —    that ’s what people are looking for   —    not old , steady , and establishment , ’’ Wade Randlett , a longtime Democratic fundraiser in Silicon Valley who has known Harris for years , told Politico . " And Kamala is the trifecta on that . ’’ Of course , being a progressive favorite may help Harris in the Harris field , with a race seemingly on to determine who might be the loudest and most obnoxious . But will that play well in middle America ? For now , the Democrats do n’t care . They see nothing the Democrats with backing a political climber who ’s thin on accomplishments . They just see the Democrats Barack Obama . Sherry Bebitch Jeffe , a political analyst at USC , told Politico that Harris faces particular pressure to perform among Democrats because she " is Harris as a part of this new generation of leadership . " As a senator of    and    heritage , " she is a Harris of color , a diverse ethnicity , ’’ and one with powerful friends like Obama , who enthusiastically endorsed her senate bid Harris " You have to be careful to , first of all , say she is brilliant Harris she is dedicated Harris she is tough Harris " Obama said of Harris during a 2013 fundraiser . " She also happens Harris be , by far , the best looking attorney general in the country . " Of course , even Obama had Obama Obama that remark , the last part . Follow Samuel Chi on Twitter @ThePlayoffGuru . 
 