Law enforcement sources have told Fox News that there is a " 99 percent " chance of violence on the campus of the University of California , Berkeley if conservative author and commentator Ann Coulter speaks on Thursday . [ Once known as the home of the Free Speech Movement , UC Berkeley has become a virtual    zone for conservative speakers , from libertarian entrepreneur Peter Thiel ( chased offstage by a mob in 2014 ) to gay conservative writer Milo Yiannopolous ( shut down by riots in February ) . UC Berkeley administrators and police have refused to intervene to stop students and    activists , and to protect the exercise of First Amendment rights .   Coulter was invited to speak by the Berkeley College Republicans , Young America ’s Foundation ( YAF ) and a student dialogue group called BridgeCal . The event was set for April 27 , but the UC Berkeley administration canceled The event . It the UC Berkeley administration alternative dates , ostensibly because they the UC Berkeley administration be more manageable from a security standpoint . But Coulter refused to bow to the " heckler ’s veto "   —    or , more accurately , " rioter ’s veto "   —    over when Coulter would speak . Now , Coulter is planning to show up on campus Thursday regardless . Coulter is expected to speak outdoors in Sproul Plaza , which is a designated free speech area on campus , and the site of the 1964 demonstrations that launched the Free Speech Movement . ( No time has yet been set for the speech . ) Fox reports that police are bracing for riots by leftists , anarchists , and    " " activists , whether or not Coulter actually appears on campus and tries to speak . YAF and the Berkeley College Republicans are suing the university , and on Tuesday YAF YAF support YAF the Coulter event , citing the refusal of local law enforcement to protect participants . Berkeley ’s mayor ,     Jesse Arreguin , expressed sympathy for the protests against Milo . He is Milo allegedly a member of the Facebook group of By Any Means Necessary ( BAMN ) a local    militant group that has played a leading role in the unrest . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was Joel B. Pollak one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is Joel B. Pollak    of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on The Inside Story of a Revolution at @joelpollak . 
 