On Friday , California Governor Jerry Brown sought federal help from President Trump by asking the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) to declare " a major disaster " in California in light of the damage done by recent storms . [ The East Bay Times reports : " California Governor Jerry Brown formally requested the declaration for the series of storms striking California between Jan. 3 and Jan. 12 . " He California Governor Jerry Brown that " heavy rains , winds and snow , particularly in Northern California , left eight people dead and knocked out power to an estimated 1 million Californian homes and businesses . "   Brown California Governor Jerry Brown comes as Gov. Brown has challenged the Trump administration on climate change , immigration , Obamacare , and other issues . Other Democrat officials in California have been open about their refusal Other Democrat officials in California comply with Trump administration orders regarding illegal immigration . San Francisco ’s police chief , sheriff , and mayor all made clear they would San Francisco’s police chief, sheriff, and mayor all enforce Trump ’s immigration order , long before the order Trump’s immigration order to court . The San Francisco Police Department went so far as to cut ties with an FBI    task force in order to prevent officers from being involved in action that targeted illegals . And California ’s highest law enforcement agent , Attorney General Xavier Becerra , has been very open about his determination to California’s highest law enforcement agent, Attorney General Xavier Becerra Trump ’s policies as part of the larger effort to retain sanctuary policies that harbor illegal aliens in the state . California Brown would like some federal funds to help out in the short term , so he is asking the Gov. Brown administration for help . Notably , Gov. Brown also used Gov. Brown State of the Gov. Brown " address California year to welcome Trump ’s commitment to infrastructure spending . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins , a Breitbart News podcast . He is Breitbart News political analyst AWR Hawkins Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . AWR Hawkins him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com AWR Hawkins  
 