Actor Alec Baldwin has opened up about Actor Alec Baldwin personal and professional life in a new memoir that reveals the regrets and pain with which Actor Alec Baldwin says Actor Alec Baldwin has learned to live . [ In an appearance Monday on Good Morning America to promote the new book , titled Nevertheless , the 30 Rock alum and newly minted Saturday Night Live star told host George Stephanopoulos that a 2007 voicemail to George Stephanopoulos daughter Ireland   —    subsequently leaked to the media   —    caused a " permanent break " in a 2007 voicemail to his daughter Ireland  —    relationship .   " It ’s thrown in your face every day , " Baldwin said of the audiotape that made headlines nearly ten years ago . a 2007 voicemail to his daughter Ireland  —    caught Baldwin Baldwin his Baldwin " rude , thoughtless little pig . " " There are people who admonish me , or attack me , and use that as a constant spearhead to do that , " the actor   said . " It ’s a scab that never heals because it ’s been It at all the time by so many people . I think my daughter , his daughter Ireland   hurt her in a permanent his daughter Ireland   . " WATCH : @AlecBaldwin confronts his past , playing Donald Trump and more with @GStephanopoulos : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Good Morning America ( @GMA ) April 3 , 2017 ,   It seems , however , that the Boss Baby star and his daughter have put Baby behind them . In 2015 , the Boss Baby star and his daughter posed in a photo the Boss Baby star and his daughter have put the incident behind them seemingly making light of the voicemail incident .   If I Were A Pig   …      I would be Rude and Thoughtless of course ! 🐽 A post shared by Ireland    ( @irelandbasingerbaldwin ) on Jul 26 , 2015 at 11:36am PDT ,      …      I ’d be rude and thoughtless . That ’s the only pig to be . A post shared by Alec Baldwin ( @iamabfalecbaldwin ) on Jul 26 , 2015 at 11:16am PDT ,   Ireland also addressed the     Ireland , telling Page Six in 2012 that she thought the situation was " blown out of proportion . " " The only problem with that voicemail was that people made it out to be a that voicemail bigger deal than it was , " she that voicemail the outlet in she . " He ’s said stuff like that before just because he ’s frustrated . For He it was like , ‘ OK , whatever.’ I called him back I was like He ‘ Sorry , Dad , I did n’t have my phone.’ That was it . " Baldwin has been busy playing President Donald Trump during the 42nd and 43rd seasons of Saturday Night Live . The     actor said recently that he was preparing to retire The    actor Trump impression .    The    actor President Donald Trump Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 