WASHINGTON   —    In an extraordinarily swift return to politicking after a tumultuous first month in office , the White House on Wednesday said President Trump will hold the first campaign rally of President Trump     administration on Saturday . the first campaign rally of his    administration , to be held in an airplane hangar in Melbourne , Fla. is an indication that Mr. Trump , who has sometimes felt isolated in the White House , is eager to get outside of Washington and relive the rapturous reception that greeted him during President Trump presidential campaign . Mr. Trump exulted in large crowds assembled at cavernous venues throughout his 2016 bid Mr. Trump and spent the first days of his presidency quibbling Mr. Trump how many Americans attended his inauguration . Mr. Trump Wednesday , during a joint news conference with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel , Mr. Trump answered Mr. Trump about whether his administration was flirting Mr. Trump xenophobia and racism in part by noting the support he received in the Mr. Trump . " I just want to say that we are very honored by the victory that we had   — we 306 Electoral College votes , " Mr. Trump said . Mr. Trump ’s tremendous enthusiasm out there . " Not long after , in a posting on Twitter , Mr. Trump invited his nearly Mr. Trump followers to Mr. Trump the Saturday evening event , which will take place just up the coast from his     retreat in Palm Beach Mr. Trump he plans to spend the weekend Mr. Trump It will be his third weekend in a row Mr. Trump Florida ’s Gold Coast . " We are going to put America back to work , " a message accompanying the posting said . " We are going to put people We government . " The White House would not provide any additional information about the rally . Officials referred questions to a member of Mr. Trump ’s political organization , who also did not immediately respond to a request for comment . " It ’s being run by the campaign , " Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , The White House , without elaborating . He would not say why the president would be holding a campaign rally so soon after taking office . The rally will be only the second public a campaign rally Mr. Trump outside of Washington since he took office . On Friday , he is Mr. Trump to visit a Boeing plant in Mr. Trump Charleston , S. C. for the unveiling of the aerospace manufacturer ’s new Dreamliner aircraft . Mr. Trump filed paperwork with the Federal Election Commission Mr. Trump 2020    campaign on Jan. 20 , the day Mr. Trump was sworn in . That allowed him to continue Mr. Trump accept contributions   —    including Mr. Trump from the sales of his popular red " Make America Great Again " hats Mr. Trump —    without running afoul of the law . Mr. Trump ended the 2016 campaign flush with funds , in part because of substantial sales of the hats . At the end of 2016 , he Again" hats  —   without running afoul of the law 7 , 611 , 702 . 92 cash Mr. Trump hand and no debt . The rally comes at a precarious time for Mr. Trump , as his White House is reeling from personnel Mr. Trump has yet to Mr. Trump any legislative victories . On Tuesday , he accepted the resignation of his national security adviser , Michael T. Mr. Trump , who had become Mr. Trump in allegations that he had improper contacts with Russian officials before Mr. Trump took office Mr. Trump That was followed on Wednesday by the Mr. Trump of Andrew F. Puzder , the president ’s nominee to be secretary of labor , amid allegations that he had abused his    and employed an illegal immigrant . Mr. Trump had vowed to he quickly to put his policy agenda in Mr. Trump in the White House . But his effort Mr. Trump use executive power to crack down on immigration has faltered in Mr. Trump face of legal challenges , and his administration has yet to issue a proposal either for repealing the health care Mr. Trump he railed against during the campaign or enacting the tax overhaul he has promised Mr. Trump Larry M. Noble , the general counsel of the Campaign Mr. Trump Center , a Mr. Noble this early in his tenure . " Usually , they are too busy trying to get their Mr. Noble in place , " Mr. Noble said . " More importantly , normally the Mr. Noble wants to delay candidate status so that he can travel as president they speeches , announcing new policies and actions , promoting his agenda and attacking his opponents in Congress without having to use campaign funds the president " Barack Obama did not file his statement of candidacy for    until April the president , more than the president years after he took office , while George W. Bush waited until May of 2003 and Barack Obama Clinton until April of 1995 . Mr. Trump may be moving now , Mr. Barack Obama said , to ensure he can address a friendly crowd devoid of protesters . " My guess is that he intends to control who is invited to Barack Obama and press access by calling Barack Obama rally a candidate event and paying for it out of campaign funds , " Barack Obama Noble said . " If it was an official White House event , he would have less control over it . " a candidate event Trump is likely to travel to Barack Obama on Air Force One and will have a sizable contingent of Secret Service Barack Obama staff aides with him , it was an official White House event presidents always do when they travel . Campaign finance laws dictate that the cost of such a flight be shared between the campaign organizing the rally and the Mr. Trump House . It is not abnormal for a sitting president to hold a political rally in the months before an election , and Mr. Trump has said he plans to campaign actively for Republicans who support him and against Democrats who seek to stymie his agenda . But Mr. Trump ’s return to the campaign trail on Saturday Mr. Trump unusually early . Even the midterm congressional elections Mr. Trump members of Congress are still 21 months Mr. Trump . 
 Mr. Trump 