In an attempt to increase pressure on sanctuary cities , the Department of Homeland Security has published the Department of Homeland Security first weekly list of all 118 localities refusing to cooperate with the Trump administration ’s immigration crackdown . [ Each week , its first weekly list of all 118 localities refusing to cooperate with the Trump administration’s immigration crackdown will publish every detention request rejected by local jails   —    detailing the relevant agency , the status of the immigrant , and the charges they the immigrant facing .   The first report was published this Monday , listing 206 cases in which illegal aliens were arrested and consequently released from jail without charge , despite recommendations from the Immigration and Crime Enforcement agency ( ICE ) to detain them the Immigration and Crime Enforcement agency (ICE) at least 48 hours . The cases listed took place between January 28th to February 3rd , Donald Trump ’s second week in office . In his Donald Trump order signed January 25th designed to properly enforce immigration policy , Trump Donald Trump regular lists were necessary to better inform the public " regarding the public safety threats associated with sanctuary jurisdictions . " " When it comes to public safety , there is no place for politics no Republicans , no Democrats , just citizens , and good citizens , " Trump Donald Trump . We want safe communities . We We safe communities for everyone . " A poll conducted by the University of California Berkeley in January found that in the state of California , where sanctuary cities are particularly prominent , 74 percent would like to see them sanctuary cities . In February , the state ’s    legislature proposed a bill to make California California " sanctuary state , " although it legislature risk the loss of federal funding if it legislature so . The issue of " sanctuary cities " was a major theme in the 2016 presidential election . On July 1 , 2015 , a young woman , Kate Steinle , was shot and killed while walking on a pier with her father by an illegal alien who had several felony convictions and had been deported several times already . You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him Ben Kew on Facebook bkew@breitbart . com 
 