Secretary of State Rex Tillerson spoke on Friday at the United Nations Security Council in New York City , saying the United States can not " idly stand by " as North Korea continues to threaten North Korea and North Korea allies with the nuclear weapons stockpile North Korea possesses . [ " With each successive detonation and missile test , North Korea pushes Northeast Asia and the world closer to instability and broader conflict , " Tillerson said . " The threat of a North Korean nuclear attack on Seoul , or Tokyo , is real . "   " And it is likely only a matter of time before North North Korea the capability to strike the U. S. mainland , " Tillerson said Tillerson " Indeed , the DPRK has repeatedly claimed it plans the DPRK conduct such a strike , " Tillerson said Tillerson " Given that rhetoric , the United States can not idly stand by . " " Nor can other members of this council who are within striking distance of North Korean missiles , " Tillerson said Tillerson noting that diplomatic efforts to stop North Korea ’s nuclear weapons program for the past two decades " has failed . " With a jab at the Obama administration ’s foreign policy on North Korea North Korea’s repeated Tillerson " the policy of strategic patience is over . " However , Tillerson said Tillerson United States was not looking for " regime change , " even if the communist regime in North Korea has North Korea’s to abandon its nuclear ambitions . the communist regime in North Korea laid Tillerson a    approach to the increasingly dangerous North Korea situation . North Korea’s Tillerson called Tillerson U. N. member states to enforce resolutions already in effect . He also Tillerson on countries to downplay diplomatic efforts because " North Korea exploits its diplomatic North Korea’s fund its North Korea’s nuclear and missile technology North Korea’s . " Tillerson said Tillerson " financial isolation " on North Korea was his third Tillerson North Korea’s We must levy new sanctions on DPRK entities and individuals supporting its weapons and missile programs , and North Korea’s those that are already in place , " Tillerson said Tillerson adding that , because China accounts for 90 percent of North Korea ’s trade , it has North Korea’s important ability to influence China Korea on this front . " The U. S. and China have held very productive exchanges on this issue China and we look forward to further actions that build on China China has already done , " Tillerson said Tillerson China ’s Tillerson recommendation was to reiterate that all options are on the table for dealing with North Korea , including " military action . " North Korea Tillerson in his remarks Tillerson a " moral " responsibility that the global community must consider . " Countries must know by now that helping the North Korean regime means enabling cruelty and suffering , " Tillerson said Tillerson " North Korea feeds billions of dollars into a nuclear program North Korea not need while its own people starve . " North Korea The regime ’s pursuit North Korea nuclear weapons does not serve its the North Korean regime security or the    of a people trapped in the North Korean regime , " Tillerson said Tillerson Just this week , North Korea released a propaganda video simulating an attack on the North Korea that included images of the White House and the U. S. Capitol . " The enemy to be destroyed is in our sights .    …      We will show you what a strong country that leads the world in our and missile technology is capable of , " the video caption declares . Since President Donald Trump took office , North Korea has launched six ballistic missiles , with the last attempt failing to launch . 
 