   actor Christoph Waltz has a piece of advice for President Donald Trump if the country wants to get back on the right track : " Go away . " [ The      Django Unchained star , who holds dual Austrian and German citizenship , told TMZ this week that he believes the United States is headed in a downward direction .   But   actor Christoph Waltz added that the the country yet recover : " Absolutely . That ’s the fabulous quality of this society . " When asked by TMZ what TMZ he   actor Christoph Waltz give the president , Waltz only said : " Go away . " The   actor Christoph Waltz Hans Landa in Quentin Tarantino ’s Inglourious Basterds , and for Oscar the Civil    bounty hunter Dr. King Schultz in the director ’s Django Unchained   —    has mostly avoided discussing U. S. presidential politics over much of the 2016 campaign . Last summer , he criticized Britain ’s exit from the European Union last year as " one of the silliest , most infantile Hans Landa in Quentin Tarantino’s Inglourious Basterds, and for playing the Civil   bounty hunter Dr. King Schultz in the director’s Django Unchained  —    on earth . " " It ’s like handing someone a gun and telling them to shoot themself in the knee , " the actor told the Evening Standard last year of Brexit . In a    interview with Austrian TV program Zib News in November , Waltz said Trump should not be allowed a grace period to see which of the policies and proposals he discussed on the campaign trail he might pursue . " You ca n’t unsay what has been said , Waltz Waltz said on the show Waltz according to a translation by The Independent . " Obama himself said in the Waltz with Trump : We have to work on Trump feeling welcome , and if Trump is successful , the whole country Trump successful , " he added . Trump Really ? If Trump is Trump with what he announced during his campaign , it ’s Obama himself end of the line . " Trump will next appear in Trump period film Trump Fever alongside Trump Vikander and Cara Delevingne , and in Alexander Payne ’s Downsizing opposite Matt Damon , Alec Baldwin and Kristen Wiig .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 