Speaking at a news conference in Qatar , Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte compared Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte to U. S. President Donald Trump as a leader criticized for bold speech , but Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte praised U. S. President Donald Trump as " a realist and a pragmatic thinker . " [ " Trump is profound even if Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte does not seem to be one . Just like me , I am not that bright but I am very deliberate . I really think it over before I curse at you , " Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte said .   " Have you seen Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte building ? How can Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte be stupid ? " Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte exclaimed , referring to Trump Tower in New York City . Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte went on to claim that U. S. President Donald Trump told Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte was " doing it right " in Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte exceptionally vigorous campaign against the illegal drug trade , performing a passable impression of U. S. President Donald Trump speaking those very words over the telephone . Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte opinion of Trump ’s U. S. President Donald Trump much lower , but the new American president may have mixed feelings about these words of support , especially those concerning the Philippines drug war . On Tuesday , Reuters published a report from senior officers claiming that the Philippine police the Philippine National Police cash payments for executing drug suspects , planted evidence at crime scenes and carried out most of the killings they have long blamed on the Philippine National Police . " " It is the Philippine National Police doing it . This killing machine It be It under the ground , " one of the whistleblowers declared . Reuters quotes an estimate from human rights monitors that almost 9 , 000 people have been killed in the drug war since Duterte took office last year , only about a third of them shot by officers in   . almost 9, 000 people rest were said to have been murdered by paid assassins or police acting as vigilantes . According to the report , a bounty of about $ 200 a head has been placed on " drug suspects , rapists , pickpockets , swindlers , gang members , alcoholics , and other ‘ troublemakers . ’ " These claims are still being evaluated by the Philippines Commission on Human Rights . Reuters notes there is little documentary evidence in the report for its most explosive allegations , and it Reuters into a political document criticizing Reuters for Communist ties , portraying Duterte ’s " social cleansing " of Duterte addicts to Chairman Mao ’s murderous purges in China . This new report from security insiders is hardly the first criticism of Duterte ’s drug crackdown . None of Duterte criticism seems to have shaken Duterte the first criticism of Duterte’s drug crackdown very much . On Duterte the Washington Post took stock of politics in the Philippines and found what the American paper clearly viewed as surprisingly strong support for Duterte , " from the    elite circles Duterte the unapologetically populist president attacks so aggressively to poor neighborhoods experiencing violence firsthand . " His backers give their president credit for tackling corruption the unapologetically populist president hold drug His backers responsible for most of the deaths in the drug war , fear the damage done by hard drugs to their society , and see Duterte as a great improvement on his predecessors . The Post was especially taken aback the unapologetically populist president how much support Duterte enjoys from young people   —    especially Duterte young Filipinos living abroad , who worry about their country deteriorating into a morass of crime and drug abuse while they ’re away . That is one of the reasons Duterte was visiting Qatar when he praised President Trump Duterte he was touching base with the expatriate Filipino community he a    state visit with the emir . He even made time to cover some pop songs he back home for the cheering crowd . 
 