So far , the Senate has confirmed 14 of the 549 senior federal positions that President Trump needs to run the government and who need the Senate confirmation —   Cabinet secretaries and people who run the departments , bureaus , agencies and the rest of the government . The the rest of the government run by career bureaucrats and a few Obama holdovers . [ There are another 120 vacant federal judgeships and , of course , the Neil Gorsuch nomination to the Supreme Court . Each requires Senate approval .   White House staff is busily choosing and vetting candidates for the rest of the positions , and there undoubtedly will be many nominations sent to the Senate for confirmation in the Senate weeks . And where is the Senate now ? On vacation . Senate a lot of talk that Harry Reid gave away the store when he exercised the nuclear option , and that Harry Reid have the 51 votes needed to get the Trump team confirmed . That may be , but with the way Majority Leader Mitch McConnell runs the Senate , Democrats can —   and Senate —   make it impossible to confirm more than a handful of nominees . The problem is n’t the votes . Republicans have those . The problem the 51 votes needed to get the Trump team confirmed —   floor time . As The problem Senate staffer told me this week : " Regardless Senate how many votes it takes to confirm or approve anything in the Senate , if Democrats want to force the Senate they can require a minimum of 30 hours to debate any nomination Democrats want to force the issue any bill .   Let that sink in .   549 vacancies , at 30 hours each , equals 686 days .   If you subtract weekends , and add a nice vacation every few months , you are looking at never finishing this job throughout the entirety of Donald Trump ’s first term .   And this assumes they are in session around the clock and do no other legislative business , which is also impossible . " Under Senate rules , when debate is cut off , senators are entitled to another 30 hours of debate . Since the Senate is rarely in session for more than 25 to 30 Senate Senate , Democrats can tie things up indefinitely . So you would think the Senate would be working long hours , forcing Democrats to talk until Senate so the President ’s team gets confirmed , right ? Wrong . After doing virtually no work during most of January , and working at a leisurely pace in February , the Senate just left town for a    recess . That means they went Senate campaign —   after being on the job for about six weeks . As my friend said : " The Democrats are shutting down the Senate ’s business , and Mitch McConnell ’s answer is to give everyone a Senate Senate The message to Democrats is : keep up the great work , we have no intention of fighting back . " The result ? The government will be run by bureaucrats , Obama holdovers and temporary " acting " trump appointees . Neil Gorsuch wo n’t get confirmed for weeks and weeks , and other judicial vacancies will remain vacant . Not to mention letting President Trump ’s program simply die on the vine —   the crucial business of repealing Obamacare , tax reform , passing budgets and appropriations , and the rest of the things Donald Trump and taxpayers so badly need . So what is to be done ? I spoke President Trump’s    staff member from the Senate Judiciary Committee ( who must remain anonymous if he wants to keep his job ) who told me that Republicans’ only remedy is to force Democrats to debate until they he themselves out . Schedule Senate floor debates to go all day and night , on weekends Democrats holidays Democrats Democrats cry uncle . " Is McConnell likely to do that ? " I asked . Not a chance , said my friend . " Are any Republican Senators demanding that they fight back ? " I asked . Not a one , I was told . Gov. Jay Inslee of Washington told the New York Times this week that [ Democrats ] " have to resist [ Trump ] every way and everywhere , every time we can   …      By undermining Mr. Trump across the board , Democrats hope to split Republicans away from a president of their own party . " Unless Mitch McConnell gets down to business and gets the Senate back to Republicans , he may help Democrats do exactly that . Alfred S. Regnery serves as the Chairman of the Law Mitch McConnell Legal Defense Fund . 
 