Senators quickly confirmed Dr. Ben Carson    Thursday as President Donald Trump ’s choice to lead the Housing and Urban Development Department , as Senate Democrats tire of delaying the president ’s nominees and move on to other skirmishes . [ Six Democrats joined 51 Republicans and Maine ’s Independent Sen. Angus King to approve the nomination . Georgia Republican Sen. Johnny Isakson did not vote .   " I see each individual as human capital that can be developed to become part of the engine that drives our nation —   or it not developed becomes part of the load , " said Carson to the Senate Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs Committee at the pediatric neurosurgeon ’s Jan. 12 confirmation hearing . " We are the ones , who are tasked with helping to make a difference , so I do believe that government is extraordinarily important . " Carson pledged to the Senate Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee at the pediatric neurosurgeon that if confirmed , Carson would embark on a    listening tour . " Instead of just listening to the sage people of Washington , D. C. , " Carson said . " I want to hear from the people with boots on the ground , who are administering programs , who are benefiting from programs . I want to see what actually works and what does n’t work . " When the president announced his the president 5 selection of Carson to lead HUD , he the president , " Ben Carson a brilliant mind and is passionate about strengthening communities and families within those communities . " Trump said he and Trump agree Carson ways to spark urban renewal and to ensure that cities participate in the economic revival . " Ben shares my optimism about the future of our country and is part of ensuring that this is a presidency representing all Americans . He is Trump tough competitor and never gives up . " Carson was Carson to the committee by Sen. Marco Rubio ( R. . ) . Rubio represents Sen. Marco Rubio (R. ’s Carson state , and the two men became close when they both the two men the 2016 Republican nomination for president . " As Secretary of HUD , Dr. Carson Carson Carson department that is broken in many regards . It is a vast bureaucracy that reaches all corners of our country , " Rubio said to the committee when he introduced Carson . Rubio Carson the Carson of redirecting HUD personnel and programs towards helping Americans thrive , he said . Carson His most important Carson does n’t take place here , " the senator said Carson It takes place in the communities , where they have housing facilities and provide assistance to people . " The senior Democrat on the Senate Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs Committee Ohio ’s Sen. Sherrod Brown spoke in favor of Carson on the Senate floor Wednesday . " His remarkable life story is Sen. Sherrod Brown to millions of Americans and that it good , " Brown His remarkable life story . " But Sen. Sherrod Brown he ’s not the nominee Sen. Sherrod Brown would have chosen to lead HUD . In , fact , he ’s not the nominee Sen. Sherrod Brown any president in my lifetime would have chosen to lead HUD . " Carson ’s HUD was turned into a 2009 movie " Gifted Hands " with Cuba Gooding Jr. playing the surgeon . His most famous single accomplishment Cuba Gooding Jr. playing the surgeon the 1998 surgery when he successfully separated     twin Cuba Gooding Jr. playing the surgeon joined at the head . The operation lasted more than 20 hours , and Carson led a team of Carson than 20 doctors and nurses to complete the task . Brown , who holds one of the 23 Senate seats Democrats are defending in 2018 , tried to walk the line . Carson ’s climb from poverty Carson Detroit and Boston to become the world ’s leading pediatric neurosurgeon and a department head of Baltimore ’s Johns Hopkins Medical School should be a story celebrated by Democrats . But , instead of being the poster child for    policies , the    holder of more than 60 honorary degrees was a relentless critic of President Barack Obama , and he makes the case that President Barack Obama rise was despite Democratic President Barack Obama —   not as a result of Democratic policies . The Ohio senator said Carson President Barack Obama these policies disturbed him , but Democrats were not ready President Barack Obama block Carson beyond forcing the Senate to exhaust Carson maximum 30 hours of debate called for in the Senate rules . " My colleagues and I asked Dr. Carson direct questions about his views Carson Carson ’s the nominee Carson Secretary of HUD Carson " Brown said . " I ’ll give Dr. Carson the benefit of the doubt . Carson why I am voting for him , because he made commitments to me in Carson , sitting Carson my office across the table . " Unlike other confirmation votes , the Carson fight was no fight at all . The Carson was virtually empty as senators walked in to vote , then turned to leave the floor . An example of the lack of passion was how two Democrats   —    Virginia ’s Sen. Mark Warner and Washington ’s Sen. Patty Murray   —    stood and chatted in the well of the chamber . Murray put her thumb down for The chamber " Warner Sen. Patty Murray   his Sen. Patty Murray   up for " Yes , " but it No" Warner effect on their conversation before they , too No" Warner the Senate floor . Shortly after the their confirmed Carson , senators voted to start the    debate clock for former Texas Governor Rick Perry ’s confirmation as Energy Department Secretary . The vote on Perry is expected Friday at 1 p. m. 
 former Texas Governor Rick Perry’s 