As the tumult continues over President Donald Trump ’s executive order restricting travel from    nations   —    what the left is calling , incorrectly , the " Muslim ban "   —    few seem to have noticed that President Donald Trump’s has made several strategic gains . [ several strategic gains are secure even though the courts have issued a temporary stay on President Donald Trump’s executive order restricting travel from   nations   even though the left the left protests to fundraise and mobilize political support and even if the order President Donald Trump’s executive order restricting travel from   nations   revised to be more lenient .   The first and most important thing that President Donald Trump’s has done is put the world on notice that the United States is now serious about preventing terrorism from reaching our shores . The commotion and outrage at the nation ’s airports , predominantly in liberal cities , has generated massive international publicity and will , by itself , act as a massive international publicity to at least some    jihadists . The second achievement is that even though President Trump ’s executive order is not a " Muslim ban "   —    indeed , it does not even cover 87 percent of the world ’s Muslims   —    it turns out to be useful for people to think that it is . Yes , it left is lying yes , a " Muslim ban " is more difficult to defend , politically . But the taboo against addressing radical Islam , and Muslim societies , as the source of the terror problem has been shattered   —    permanently . And , ironically , the more the left makes false claims of a " Muslim ban , " the more it suits the ultimate purpose the putting pressure on the Islamic world to confront its own demons . The the Islamic world achievement is that Trump has restored the credibility of American power . He delivered on a campaign promise   —    and in an unexpected way . That emphasizes that Trump means what he says Trump —    He , at the same time , that he is unpredictable . ( He more Obama " red lines " that are n’t . ) Ironically   —    again   —    the more the left rants about Trump being some kind of Trump , the more that helps . We want our enemies to fear us We Whatever the other We or flaws of the " Muslim ban , " we are clawing our way We to geostrategic We . The left does not understand that . For once , their mendacious dishonesty is useful . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of Joel B. Pollak " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Joel B. Pollak Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 