A plan to have Mexico pay for the     border wall has been floated around President Donald Trump ’s administration for weeks now . [ President Donald Trump announced that President Donald Trump may impose a 20 percent tax on all products from Mexico to quickly pay for the    border wall , without American taxpayers being directly hit with the expected $ 10 to $ 14 billion cost .   David North , an immigration expert with the Center for Immigration Studies ( CIS ) says he David North, an immigration expert with the Center for Immigration Studies (CIS) a solution that would entail illegal immigrants living in the U. S. actually footing the bill . Under North ’s proposal , he David North, an immigration expert with the Center for Immigration Studies (CIS) that by shuttering programs which federally fund illegal immigrants , nearly $ 1 to $ 3 billion could be shored annually , paying for the wall in potentially less than a decade . " Put a 2 percent fee on all outgoing remittances , " North North . " The rate is low enough to discourage alternative ways of sending money to the homelands , and the paper created will give IRS good leads for collecting unpaid income taxes . " North North cites terminating the ruling which allows families with illegal immigrant family members obtain    getting rid of the Additional Child Tax Credit for children who do not have Social Security numbers , mostly because their children who do not have Social Security numbers are illegal immigrants , and charge individuals a    to enter the U. S. from Mexico . North North that a small 25 cents fee imposed on individuals entering the country from Mexico Mexico and an additional $ 1 for a vehicle and $ 5 for a bus , could create revenue to pay for the southern border wall . " None of these proposals would depress the Mexican economy , all would help fund the the southern border wall and most would have absolutely no impact on the vast majority of American taxpayers , and all ( but the crossing fees ) would encourage illegal aliens to return home , " North writes . John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on John Binder at @JxhnBinder . 
 