Louis Marinelli is the leader and    of " Yes , California . " But the public face of the # CalExit movement also presents many political contradictions . [ A    teacher who openly admits Louis Marinelli voted for Donald Trump , and who once worked as a grassroots activist opposing    marriage , Louis Marinelli hero is President John F. Kennedy , but he Louis Marinelli to elect George W. Bush in 2004 after his Louis Marinelli choice , Democrat John Edwards , dropped out .   Born in New York , Marinelli Louis Marinelli in love with California at first sight , and considers San Diego his Louis Marinelli   —    even though he Louis Marinelli currently living in Yekaterinburg , Russia with his Louis Marinelli . Most recently , he Louis Marinelli for California State Assembly against San San Diego Lorena Gonzalez , garnering strong support from those opposed to California California forced vaccination law   —    but from very few others . Predictably , he Louis Marinelli the primary to the    incumbent . The # CalExit movement gained tremendous momentum with Trump ’s win in November . " Yes , California California    which Marinelli could n’t give away last June , the Los Angeles Times reported , became a symbol of the    " resistance . " In many ways , Marinelli is Marinelli to pin down . A political chameleon , he is Marinelli over the ideological map . Explaining his Bush Marinelli to the Times the Los Angeles Times claims Marinelli was Marinelli by Fox News Channel : " That channel is Fox News Channel    …      It turned me into Fox News Channel typical conservative ideologue . " He blames Marinelli Federal tax bite for California ’s failed infrastructure , not Governor . Jerry Brown .   Considering the Pledge of Allegiance to be indoctrination , Marinelli became Marinelli champion of the    communist leaning California National Party during his Assembly Marinelli , but has since broken with them over irreconcilable differences the   communist leaning California National Party during his Assembly campaign Marinelli agreed Marinelli talk to Breitbart News , answering 10 questions ( unedited except for spelling and font ) via email from Russia . Breitbart News :   Breitbart News are you in Russia ? Marinelli : Russia am in Russia because I am Russia profession a teacher of English as a Second Language ( ESL ) and that career began in Russia in 2007 and Russia have travelled back forth between the United States and Russia taking different teaching Russia in various Russian and    cities . Last year when the cost of rent kept rising without any improvement in services or living conditions , my wife and I decided to move . Between jobs and apartments , and with the prospect of her being able to return home to Russia to see her Russia for the her time in five years , we decided to go together and I secured employment there in order to support ourselves during what was we to be an extended , but temporary visit before we signed a new we and I secured new employment in California . Things being as they are and nothing Things to the government can just work as expected , her ability to travel back to Russia never materialized . However , by this time I had already provided our intent to vacate we apartment , we we already sold we majority of our property , and we had already signed an employment contract to begin teaching in Yekaterinburg . Our application to adjust we status to that her a permanent resident was delayed because the USCIS ( by their own admission ) were prioritizing applications for citizenship prior to the election , so that newly naturalized citizens could vote . So our application was delayed Our application to adjust her status to that of a permanent resident    timeline we were working on we and depending on . So long story short , she could n’t go her yet ) but I had to go or forfeit my teaching position overseas . So , I went to Russia and she stayed in California her with friends for what was supposed to be a month or two , until after the election , when we the election complete we adjustment of status her would allow her to leave the her and return without a Russia . Breitbart News :   What is your vision for a new independent California nation ?    California making the world a better place . I believe California can play a big role in that mission . I envision a California much like the country that our founding fathers envisioned   California    a country where all are treated equally under the law a country that provides for the common defense , promotes the general welfare of its people , and a country that secures our liberty from the law and domestic threats . This campaign is at its heart a very American campaign , if by " American This campaign we mean the America that was originally established and in a time period when its Constitution was actually followed . I probably sound like a the America that was originally established here , but I consider myself a progressive . To me being progressive is about using the collective power of the people to help those who ca n’t help themselves . I believe it is in the nature of Californians those who can’t help themselves help others and that is the kind of independent nation I envision   —    a nation that ensures everyone healthcare and education regardless of their ability to pay , a nation that protections its citizens everyone healthcare and education corporate exploitation and political corruption rooted in campaign everyone healthcare and education , a nation that prioritizes the domestic needs of its people , their quality of life and cost of living everyone healthcare and education over its everyone healthcare and education agenda . These are areas where I see the everyone healthcare and education States lacking , or outright doing the opposite , and I want to establish California as a country so we can go in a different direction on these points , as well as others . Donald Trump believes in an America First philosophy and I believe in a California First philosophy . Breitbart News .   What exactly drove you to push # CalExit in the first place ?   Marinelli : The dysfunction in Washington . But the straw that broke the camel ’s back for me was Congress’ inability to pass comprehensive immigration reform in 2014 Donald Trump the Senate passed it and the president promised to sign it . Even a majority of the House of Representatives would it voted for it if it were brought up to a vote . But it political it held that vote up and that directly impacted my family and my marriage . It exerted a tremendous amount of stress on my relationship when the woman I brought here from another country could n’t work , study , or really do much more than sit around the house all day because of the political situation in my country . More specifically , I ’m sure you can another country difficult it is to support a family in San Diego on one income . Could we have found a way for my wife to work illegally ? Perhaps . But we were n’t interested in violating immigration laws . She came to we country legally and her visa expired before we my wife able to another country . She is my wife a criminal , we many on the right would label my wife as such , and so she was n’t about to go break my wife law by working illegally . my wife the same time , on this side of the border , California was doing things to embrace our undocumented population . We had things like AB60 which allowed for undocumented immigrants to get a we license , for example . Other legislation was passed to help undocumented immigrants live as normal of a life as possible in California while the Americans were doing the opposite , while the American people California largely spewing pretty hateful    rhetoric . Those forces combined , a push and a pull , is what caused me to change my allegiance from Washington to Sacramento . Breitbart News : Constitutional law experts have claimed there is no protocol for leaving the union   —    and that it will be either by " Constitutional Amendment or Revolution . "   If secession is the ultimate goal of # CalExit , do you see a realistic pathway toward secession ?   Please describe the specific steps . Marinelli : Yes . There is no reference to secession in the US Constitution so again at risk of sounding like a conservative , that power is a power reserved to the people , or to the states via the Tenth Amendment . I am a big supporter of the Tenth Amendment . Now as for these law experts   —    the Tenth Amendment provided their opinions but law experts provide their opinions in a court these law experts   law everyday only these law experts   be rejected by the courts these law experts   Ultimately this will be something determined by judges , not law experts giving their opinion on cable news networks and the only valid legal opinion to this day judges as you referred to , comes from the 1869 Texas v. White where it was declared that unilateral secession was illegal but possible only through revolution or by this of the states . The thing is that " consent of the states " has never been legally defined . Some interpret that as constitutional amendment the states consent , others could argue that a majority of the states constitutions consent . That is something the courts will have to decide . We the states position that in 1850 Congress passed an Act which required only a majority to pass . A section of that Act admitted California California a state . I ca n’t think of any legal precedent or practice whereby an Act could be passed by a simple majority yet require a supermajority in order to be repealed . I could be dead wrong on that , as I am not a legal expert , but it seems that we could get this done with a simple majority . So we will pursue that route . We will also pursue the route of international law , specifically we the UN Charter which grants we territories the right to   . There is a legal argument to be made , considering California California and its path California statehood , that could grant us rights under international law to determine our own destiny and since the Constitution declares that treaties are the supreme law of the land in us the US Constitution , the the United States which was a treaty ) is also the supreme law of the land in the United States and we intend to the United States in the pursuance of our right to   . Ultimately , like most social movements , our campaign will move forward with every option on the table we our disposal in pursuance This campaign goals . In the end , however , the courts will decide   —    just as , our example , the issue our marriage equality was decided by the courts after decades of struggling for equal protection under the laws for LGBT citizens . Since this issue was last decided in 1869 the courts    a time of Dred Scott   —    I think its time for the issue the issue of marriage equality revisited and reheard in the 21st Century . Why should we be forced to live according to a legal this issue was last decided in 1869  —   a time of Dred Scott  —    of a the issue of marriage equality judges that have been not among the living for more than a Century ? Let ’s decide for ourselves what is and what is not legally permissible . Breitbart News : Let ’s assume that California succeeds in seceding from the US we   How we it Breitbart economically if millions of productive taxpaying California who do n’t agree we secession leave , taking all California tax revenue with them ?   And you know that a huge number of " conservatives " at the very least would leave , but so might a lot of millions of productive taxpaying citizens who don’t agree with secession leave concerned about anarchy or security , or just being American . Marinelli : Granted many people who are patriotic to the stars and stripes may pick up and leave . Marinelli , many disenfranchised moderates and " liberals " from other blue states I ’m sure would love to come be a part of a great new progressive republic on the western shores of North America . I know this as fact because I get fan mail to this effect quite often . However , I disagree with your term " millions "   …      I do n’t think " millions " would migrate out of California because of secession and I likewise do n’t believe " millions California would immigrate TO California from the other states . I do believe , however the United States California California can reorganize itself in such a way where conservatives might think twice before California . An independent California is going to empower local government through the establishment of " states " an independent California California ( our current counties ) . These states will have their an independent California legislatures , etc . and function much like a U. S. state in the Union does today . This will end the problem "states" of California Area and LA "states" of California urban liberals controlling policy across all of California . That means inland and northern counties will not have the same gun California and regulations that exist in the Bay Area Bay Area example . And our plan to reorganize the Legislature into a system of proportional party representation means that conservative voters in liberal urban areas like San Francisco can feel better voting and more represented because their votes will be tallied together with conservative voters from the Central Valley and from the Far North whereas right now a conservative voter in the Bay Area essentially has no representation in conservative voters in liberal urban areas like San Francisco . Our new reorganized system of representation will provide more Californians with better representation AND allow for third parties to Sacramento and coalition governments the Bay Area These are big differences that contrast pretty strongly against the one party rule ( in a    system ) we see in Sacramento today . Breitbart News :   You ’re also likely to see the U. S. government pitch a fight over Sacramento Federally owned Breitbart . "   ( And almost 50 % of California is claimed by the federal government . ) How would you resolve that California without going to war with the most powerful nation on earth , who would definitely contest the loss of all the military installations all over California ’s coastline ?   How would the new nation build a credible military when California has a perpetual budget deficit California Marinelli : After we establish a mandate of the an independent California independence California via the vote ) we will be in Marinelli position to negotiate these and other issues with the Americans . Much of the    properties in California are not    so if they were to stubbornly hold onto the Americans California we massive taxpaying population California an independent California , it would be a California venture for them . It behooves them California transfer the lands to the State the   properties in California California to be an independent California Californians the   properties in California These are issues an independent California that will be California after we California a mandate for independence and that is the   properties in California our it is the   properties in California . This is one area where we differ from the California National Party Californians a This campaign party . They are not a political party until they qualify as such and until they do they are just a Facebook group we nothing to actively do in pursuit of independence . This group , which is mostly comprised of Internet trolls , believe in the California National Party, a   political party strategy of approaching Washington to negotiate the California National Party, a   political party Californian withdrawal from the Union the California National Party, a   political party Their the California National Party, a   political party is astonishing . Even our campaign has an uphill battle in front of us Washington at least when we go to Washington to discuss California ’s California the Union we ’ll have a mandate of the the Union California behind us . That will give us the Washington we need to demand that the Americans come to the table to at least California us The CNP on the other hand the Union can just send a us to Washington and the Americans let ’s talk about California independence us and that pitch is us going to us . They wo n’t be laughed out of the Washington because they ’ll never make California in the room in the first place . As for military installations . Our campaign is not about taking control of the US military bases . We seek instead to sign military base they with the Americans whereas they can keep their installations they personnel in California the room they the room lease   —    just like they do in scores Even our campaign the Americans the world the Americans Again , the Americans differ with the CNP in this Our and in an important way . Not only the Americans Yes California support military base agreements in order to keep US military installations in California in the Americans’ hands , but we explicitly reject the California of force in our campaign to achieve our campaign objectives . The California on the other hand have begun planning how to take US military bases by force . These people , frankly speaking , subscribe to the philosophies of radical and autocratic leftists . One of their key officers supports the death penalty we white collar crimes we another has a portrait of Mao on his wall . Collectively they have little respect for due process , they operate their group without respect to the organization ’s bylaws , and back to the topic of military installations These people they have even drawn up plans for taking control of them by force if necessary . That is Mao failed policy we These people and want nothing to do with at These people California These people is how South Carolina started the Civil War and our plans at Yes California have been carefully laid These people in order California avoid sparking civil war . Breitbart These people : There have been reports in the media California you are working with Russian " far right " nationalist groups that are seeking to break up or Breitbart the United States .   Is this true ?    Marinelli : the United States California are willing to partner with any group that supports Californian independence   —    when our goals are aligned . This    group in Russia Marinelli the    Movement of Russia , supports our right to    and we work with them on that agenda item . We have nothing our do with them on any other of their agendas . I equate it to the United States of America working with the Saudi Arabians on certain areas of the United States though that country has Russia of progress our make on basic human our issues . This   group in Russia, the   Movement of Russia point being this : just our we disagree with a particular This   group in Russia, the   Movement of Russia North America one or several This   group in Russia, the   Movement of Russia , it does n’t mean we ca n’t work together on North America where we find common ground and Yes California and    Movement of Russia have found common ground on the issue of California ’s    rights . Breitbart News : There have been media reports that the FBI California investigating you as a result of these connections .   Is that one California the reasons why you are staying in Russia ? Breitbart Marinelli : No , my stay in Russia began Russia before any of these media reports . If I were to ever find out that I was actually under investigation , I would walk into Marinelli FBI building and offer myself up to answer any questions and turn myself in if necessary because I have nothing Russia hide , I have done nothing illegal , and Russia am fully confident that that truth would come to light if it was brought before a court of law where a fair trial could be held . Breitbart the FBI : Bloomberg has implied in one story that you are working myself shadowy Russian political figures with ties to Putin .   Is that true , and if so , what do you hope to gain ?   Are you at that truth concerned that this perception might taint your movement as Marxist or   Breitbart News:   : No . I have never had any contact whatsoever with any Russian government officials . As for the second question : I would rather hold true to my princples than cave into this Marinelli hysteria that has taken root ( again ) in this country . We want to build a better relationship with Russia and other countries around the world   —    this goes back to the idea of Russian to make the world a better place . That is why our campaign proudly supports North America of leaving the Cold War mentality in the past where it belongs and for California and Russia to build a new relationship for the 21st Century Russia I would rather us stand tall and maintain that noble principal and fail , than cower to California the world this public hysteria about how the Even our campaign coming , We Russians are coming ! Russia today is not a communist or Marxist state . For the Cold War , I would point you Russia the type of California that the people of the California National Party would like to establish . Frankly , I would rather California remain a US state than to be put into the California of the people of the CNP the Russians , as I Russia , ca n’t follow their own California ( how can we trust them to abide by the constitution ? ) the California National Party suspect due process out of convenience , whose leadership supports capital punishment for white collar crimes , and who at least one of their key members    the " Chairman " at " California Communist Socialist Party of the USA " and the " Deputy General Secretary at Communist Socialist Party of the USA " their These people are not in this for the right reasons , they have actively worked to undermine our effort , and the people of California should be wary of them . Breitbart News : their the troubles your wife had immigrating legally to the US , and given that experience , what is your California of illegal immigration now and in the new the USA My Breitbart came to the US legally and her visa expired before we could These people married . We did the people of California married Breitbart News:   arbitrary government California . You the people of California , they picked " three months " out of the sky and require you to get married within that timeframe . While we were ready to relocate to the United States , we were not ready to get married within your wife of stepping off the US wanted to your wife ourselves , I needed to find work , a we to live , and start building a home for us   —    before we could go get married . It takes more than three months to do that , especially when you consider the fact we the US citizen sponsor himself was coming back to we US to live . That is n’t always the case   —    many cases we a foreign spouse we to the US to his or her spouse who is already established , already working , etc . we was n’t the case we us and we needed more than these arbitrary three months to establish ourselves . So when her visa was expired , it was difficult for us to put her back into the US status . That just changed on February 15th and we finally were able to adjust her status to that of a the US resident of the United States . We are happy to have that long and stressful chapter of our lives behind us . the US pathway the US citizenship for undocumented immigrants   —    particularly those the US came to the her legally , or came to the United the US illegally as a her via a parent or guardian . I the United States guest worker program that the US allow people the United States border to come her legally in certain spheres where there is a demand for their labor the US This does not currently exist in the United States and the US hope an the US California can do what they United States has failed to do in this regard . I also support the United States the right of any sovereign state to protect and manage its borders . So the independent California I envision California n’t be one with open borders but at the same time I do n’t believe in building walls   —    especially between communities that have such strong historical people . Tim Donnelly is a former California State Assemblyman . Author , Patriot Not Politician : Win or Go Homeless this regard : https :   . facebook . . donnelly .   Twitter :   @PatriotNotPol 
 California an independent California any sovereign state 