Breitbart Senior Editor MILO ’s event at UC Berkeley tonight has been evacuated following violence and several fires started by masked " " protesters . [ UPDATE 42 : Filmmaker Lexi Alexander and Judd Apatow express support for violent UC Berkeley rioters .   Punch Nazis .   Riot when your college invites a Nazi . Set it all on fire . In case of doubt , study history .   —    Lexi Alexander ‎ ( @Lexialex ) February 2 , 2017 ,   This is just the beginning .   When will all the fools who are still supporting Trump realize what is at stake ? https :   .    —    Judd Apatow ( @JuddApatow ) February 2 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 41 :    " comedians " Arthur Chu and Patrick Monahan celebrate the violence against MILO attendees and Trump supporters . I propose building a wall around this bathroom and making them pay for a wall around this bathroom https :   .    —    Arthur Chu ( @arthur_affect ) February 2 , 2017 ,   Pepper spraying a Nazi , while not as viscerally satisfying as punching a Nazi , does save your knuckles some wear and tear ,   —    Arthur Chu (@arthur_affect) February 2 , 2017 ,   Come for the fascist coward wildly ducking the Q of what exactly she likes abt Milo ’s speeches . Stay for the ending where she gets maced https : she .    —    Arthur Chu ( @arthur_affect ) February 2 , 2017 ,   One of Milo ’s MAGA C. H. abt Milo’s D. fans actually SHOT a protestor at the University of Washington , but fires at Berkeley are the end of America ,   —    Patrick Monahan ( @pattymo ) February 2 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 40 : Civilian allegedly beaten unconscious by    " . " GRAPHIC : Milo supporters are chased down and beat unconscious with metal poles . # MiloAtCal # UCBerkley pic . twitter .    —    Deplorable Vet 🇺 🇸 ( @KGBVeteran ) February 2 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 39 : Images surface of several people recovering from    attacks by   . We survive the peaceful protests . Glad to see intellectual debates are valued at UC Berkeley . 😉 # MiloAtCal pic . twitter .    —    Kiara Robles ( @kiarafrobles ) February 2 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 38 : Reporter for the Tab assaulted by " " rioters who try to steal his phone . UPDATE 37 : Rioters assault BuzzFeed reporter after threatening him and claiming that filming " puts people in danger . " UPDATE 36 : " F*ck Starbucks ! F*cking Zionists ! " shouts a protester as others smash up and loot a Starbucks . Starbucks getting looted right by Starbucks # miloatcal pic . twitter .    —    Scott Morris ( @OakMorr ) February 2 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 35 : Rioters continue to smash up every bank downtown and all ATM ’s . Bank of America on Shattuck # miloatcal @KQEDnews pic . twitter .    —    Sukey Lewis ( @SukeyLewis ) February 2 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 34 : Rioter throws flair into smashed shop window . UPDATE 33 : Rioter : " Let ’s go to the police station and smash their sh*t ! " UPDATE 32 : BuzzFeed reporter : Police " have not intervened . " UPDATE 31 : Rioters smash windows of downtown shop windows . Antifas smashing the windows of a bank during an anti Milo protest in Berkeley . https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Jim Dalrymple II ( @JimDalrympleII ) February 2 , 2017 ,   Imagine the National Media Freakout if these were Alt Righters in Masks doing this shit . But it ’s Antifa so the the National Media Freakout just shrugs . pic . twitter .    —    John Rivers ( @JohnRiversX9 ) February 2 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 30 : Cars forced to turn around as rioters occupy roads . UPDATE 29 : Reports claim rioters pulled a driver out of his car and started to a driver him in downtown Berkeley . a driver PD just announced that rioters are surrounded a car , drug the driver out , and a driver him .   —    Mike a driver 🇺 🇸 ( @Cernovich ) February 2 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 28 : Car drives through crowd of rioters with one still attached after they start to jump on the bonnet . BREAKING : Driver trying to get through rioters at UC Berkeley runs down rioter as he continues destroying his car   Driver      pic Driver twitter .    —    John Binder 👽 ( @JxhnBinder ) February 2 , 2017 ,   A car just ploughed through the crowd with a protestor on the bonnet . crowd chased up Durant . See headlights # MiloAtCal pic . twitter .    —    Lizzie Roberts ( @lizrob92 ) February 2 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 27 : " Kill Trump , " and " Kill Fascists " graffiti sprayed by rioters in downtown Berkeley . Violent graffiti outside Noah ’s Bagels at UC Berkeley protest of Milo Yiannopoulos . # MiloAtCal   : @wongalum pic . twitter .    —    Jacob Goldstein ( @GoldsteinStreet ) February 2 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 26 : UC Berkeley release statement condemning rioters UC Berkeley 25 : UC Berkeley Student Union destroyed after attempts to " storm the place . " UC Berkeley Student Union   …     UC Berkeley Student Union after a crowd tried to storm the place . # Milo # abc7now pic . twitter the place —    Wayne Freedman ( @WayneFreedman ) February 2 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 24 : Police declare riot is " moving into South Berkeley . " Advise students to take shelter . # miloatcal Protest moving into South Berkeley . Cal students in the area please shelter in South Berkeley your safety @UCB_ResHall @BerkeleyRHA ,   —    UC Police , Berkeley ( @UCPD_Cal ) February 2 , 2017 ,   Protesters migrating to Bancroft Way . Preparing to march . # UCBerkeley # MiloYiannopoulos pic . twitter .    —    Lilian Kim ( @liliankim7 ) February 2 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 23 : Rioters smash up ATM ’s with bats and poles . # MiloAtCal rioters now destroying ATMs for absolutely no reason   …      CNN still referring to riots as " protests . " pic . twitter .    —    John Binder 👽 ( @JxhnBinder ) February 2 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 22 : " UC Berkeley " and " # MiloAtCal " trend worldwide on Twitter .   UPDATE 21 : Rioters push over bins , torment    and residents of downtown Berkeley . UPDATE 20 : Rioters scream " Whose streets ? Our streets , " while setting off fireworks in downtown Berkeley . UPDATE 19 : Female MILO attendee    by    downtown Berkeley interview to ABC News . My friend was giving an interview when some coward peppersprayed her # Berkeley pic . twitter .    —    janey ( @janeygak My friend February 2 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 18 : ANTIFA and Bay Area Socialists named as organizing groups of riot . UPDATE 17 : Rioters celebrate violence with live music , cheering . UPDATE 16 : MILO goes LIVE on Facebook , discusses riot . UPDATE 15 : Riot police rescue injured attendee from communist    protesters who shout " you ’re dead , f*cking cowards . " UPDATE 14 : Injured attendee with covered face is treated by medic in midst of riot . UPDATE 13 :    BuzzFeed reporter claims    protesters were " very hostile " to him . UPDATE 12 : YouTube star Philip DeFranco criticizes protesters : " BuzzFeed reporter . " Watching people break windows and set fires at UC Berkeley . Way to protest words by destroying property   …     idiots . pic . twitter .    —    Philip DeFranco ( @PhillyD ) February 2 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 11 : Reporter : " Police appear ready for protest developments . " Police appear ready for protest developments . # ucberkeley pic . twitter .    —    Lilian Kim ( @liliankim7 ) February 2 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 10 : Extra police cars head to college as backup reportedly called . UPDATE 9 : Police continue to fire rubber bullets at protesters . UPDATE 8 : Police order protesters to leave area as they sing N. W. A. ’s    song " F*ck the Police . Police UPDATE 7 : BuzzFeed reporter claims MILO fan had his MAGA hat set on fire by BuzzFeed before being beaten . UPDATE BuzzFeed reporter claims MILO fan : Antifa protesters beat male and female MILO attendees in corner with fists and ANTIFA while shouting " f*ck you , " and " racists . " They are surrounding people F*ck the Police beating them with Antifa flags and poles . Antifa protesters . twitter .    — Antifa protesters Just ANTIFA Me Mister ( @MisterMetokur ) February 2 , 2017 ,   UPDATE 5 : Fire alarms continue to sound as windows around university are smashed . Attendee claims that protesters are " hostile " to both MILO fans and press . UPDATE 4 : Protest    calls out " are we gon na leave ? " as protesters scream " NO ! " UPDATE 3 : Attendee tells BuzzFeed that police have announced they will take further action soon , as BuzzFeed pose for selfies by police and continue violence . UPDATE 2 : " I have been evacuated from the UC Berkeley campus after violent UC Berkeley tore down barricades , lit fires , threw rocks and Roman candles at the windows and breached the ground floor of the building , " said MILO in a post on Facebook . " My team and I are safe Milo But the event has been cancelled . I ’ll let you know more when the facts become clear . One thing we do know for sure : the Left is absolutely terrified of free speech and will do literally anything to shut it down . " UPDATE : MILO ’s show at UC Berkeley has been free speech and UC Berkeley reports of increased violence and several fires started by protesters . UC police tell crowd   they have 10 minutes to disperse from Sproul Plaza pic . twitter .    — UC police Berkeleyside ( @berkeleyside ) February 2 , 2017 ,   @RoamingMil @TheRebelTV regressive left up to no good at Milo event UC Berkeley . Event shutdown . pic . twitter .    —    K. Pikklefield UC Berkeley ) February 2 , 2017 ,   Yiannopoulos event canceled https :   .   # miloatcal pic . twitter .    —    UC Berkeley ( @UCBerkeley ) February 2 , 2017 ,   People in black with masks say they wo n’t leave when police come . A large crowd is also gathered peacefully on February 2, 2017,  People in black with masks pic . twitter .    —    Berkeleyside ( @berkeleyside ) February 2 , 2017 ,   Crowd now gathered in   intersection of Telegraph and Bancroft . Music is playing , dancing , some fires . Police inside . pic . twitter .    —    Berkeleyside ( @berkeleyside ) February 2 , 2017 ,     " This is war . " A protest sign is seen at # UCBerkeley after # MiloYiannopulous event cancellation : https :   . . pic . twitter .    —    ABC7 News ( @abc7newsbayarea ) February 2 , 2017 ,     Helicopters over the UCBerkeley campus now . Does anyone know what ’s going on ? pic . twitter .    —    Milo    ( @astronomilo ) February 2 , 2017 ,   Helicopters above Berkeley . A protest ? @berkeleyside , Berkeley —    William Newton ( @wnewton48 ) February 2 , 2017 ,   @berkeleyside Sunset    multiple helicopters ( covering the Milo protests at   ) pic . twitter .    —    Fred Werner ( @SustainableFred ) February 2 , 2017 ,   It is currently unknown as to who the helicopters belong to , however at MILO ’s show in Seattle , helicopters were sent by police . Masked protesters have also been spotted gathering at the campus , some of whom lit pyrotechnics and tore down barriers . @berkeleyside : Protestors in black tear down barricade and light pyrotechnics towards @UCPD_Cal   —    chants of " Shut it down ! " pic . twitter .    —    Carlo David ( @carlodavid1115 ) February 2 , 2017 ,   @berkeleyside : Protestors dressed in masks and black clothing join demonstration against Yiannopoulos . Rocks thrown at @UCPD_Cal pic . twitter Milo Yiannopoulos    —    Carlo David ( @carlodavid1115 ) February 2 , 2017 ,   Crowd growing by the minute @UCBerkeley ahead of planned speech by # MiloYiannopoulos Fireworks going off in # SproulPlaza . pic . twitter .    —    Laura Anthony ( @LauraAnthony7 ) February 2 , 2017 ,   Just saw a mob of like 100 people with masks February 2, 2017,   event at UC . UC Berkeley fuck him up ! ! # PunchNazis ,   —    DVS ( @DVSWhatItTweets ) February 2 , 2017 ,   Berkeley a mob of like 100 people with masks in Berkeley walking toward Milo Yaninazipolus event at UC and various student groups begin to assemble to protest Yiannopoulos event . # berkeleyside UC Berkeley . twitter .    —    Carlo David ( @carlodavid1115 ) February 2 , 2017 ,   @berkeleyside : " No Milo , No Trump , No fascist USA . ! " Chants echo through Sproul Plaza , 1 hour before gates open for Yiannopoulos event . pic . twitter .    —    Carlo David ( @carlodavid1115 ) February 2 , 2017 ,   Yiannopoulos NOW : Berkeley students protest Milo Yiannopoulos . https :   UC Berkeley   pic . twitter .    —    KRON4 News ( @kron4news ) February Yiannopoulos 2017 ,   Watch live : Protesters at UC Berkeley rally against    speaker Milo Yiannopoulos https :   .   pic . twitter UC Berkeley —    BuzzFeed News ( @BuzzFeedNews ) February 2 , 2017 Yiannopoulos " Do n’t be a dick " seems fairly   . # Milo at Berkeley . pic . twitter .    —    Michael Bodley ( @michael_bodley ) February 2 , UC Berkeley ,   As protesters have amassed outside , police have worked to secure the event venue in preparation for MILO ’s final talk on the Dangerous Faggot Tour tonight . @UCPD_Cal has begun to secure ASUC building in antiticpation of Milo Yiannopoulos event #Milo at Berkeley expected to gather at 5 . # berkeleyside pic . twitter .    —    Carlo David ( @carlodavid1115 Yiannopoulos 2 , 2017 ,   UC Berkeley issued a travel warning earlier today , advising students who were not attending MILO ’s UC Berkeley keep clear from the venue . " " have vowed to shut down the show at all costs , having previously doxed the #Milo at Berkeley information of several student organizers for the event , even posting one student ’s workplace address ’s show to keep clear from the venue accusing him of being a " the event . " Following a demand by dozens of UC Berkeley professors to have MILO banned from the campus , a group of one student’s Free Speech Movement UC Berkeley the Breitbart senior UC Berkeley , criticizing the professors and students who sought to block his speech . " Under the terms of [ the free speech ] resolution , even the worst kind of bigot , including Yiannopoulos , must be allowed to speak on campus . So the UC administration was acting in accord with those principles when it refused to ban Yiannopoulos , " the group of veterans declared . " We UC thus disappointed that so many Berkeley faculty signed an open letter supporting such a the UC administration and criticizing the Yiannopoulos administration for refusing to ban Yiannopoulos . " MILO the UC administration the David Horowitz Freedom Center have partnered to launch a campaign against " sanctuary UC " that shelter the UC administration being deported . The Yiannopoulos will be launched with a speech from MILO at UC Berkeley . * * * STORY DEVELOPING . UPDATES WILL FOLLOW BELOW * * * Charlie Nash is UC Berkeley for a campaign against "sanctuary campuses" that shelter illegal immigrants from being deported . You can follow #Milo at Berkeley on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook . 
 a reporter for Breitbart Tech a reporter for Breitbart Tech 