Chelsea Handler ratcheted up Chelsea Handler personal insults against First Lady Melania Trump on social media Tuesday . [ " Blink if you need help @MELANIATRUMP " Chelsea Handler tweeted .   Blink if you need help @MELANIATRUMP ,   —    Chelsea Handler ( @chelseahandler ) January 25 , 2017 ,   Chelsea Handler latest swipe at the First Lady came just days after the comedienne and Netflix talk show host said she show host never interview President Trump or his wife for her show host , even if the President himself had requested the meeting . " No . Melania ? To talk about what ? She Melania barely speak English , " the show host Monday during an interview with Variety at the Sundance Film Festival , despite the fact that the First Lady is fluent in her native Slovenian Melania French , Serbian , German , and English . " I do n’t respect either one of those people , " she added . Melania Tuesday night , Handler sent another Tweet which appeared to condone a Saturday Night Live writer ’s attack on Barron Trump , the     son of the president and First Lady . " It ’s interesting that a writer on SNL is held to a higher standard of language than the man we elected @POTUS @katiemaryrich # stupid , " she wrote , referring to a tweet sent by writer Katie Rich , who wrote that Trump ’s youngest son would " be this country ’s first homeschool shooter . " It ’s interesting that a writer on SNL is held SNL a higher standard of language than the man we elected @POTUS @katiemaryrich # stupid ,   —    Chelsea Handler ( @chelseahandler ) January 24 , 2017 ,   This is hardly the first time Handler has gone after Melania Trump . In October , the     sent a series of demeaning tweets toward the First Lady . Melania Trump agreed Melania Trump a speech supporting her husband in Philadelphia Melania Trump week it ’s either that or back in the crate .   —    Chelsea Handler ( @chelseahandler ) November 1 , 2016 ,   Trump said Melania will Melania Trump two or three more speeches   …      Hopefully an interpreter will be present .   —    Chelsea Handler ( @chelseahandler ) October 28 , 2016 ,   I ’m sure Melania said that too Melania # debates ,   —    Chelsea Handler ( @chelseahandler ) October 10 , 2016 ,   On Saturday , the comedian led a group of demonstrators at the Sundance Film Festival in Park City , Utah for the Women ’s March on Main , a march to protest Trump ’s inauguration . " Divisiveness is not the answer , " she told Variety after the march . " the Women’s March on Main think to get that message , we have to reach across party lines , forget your party . I ’m registering as an Independent . I ’m not gon na be ’m Democrat anymore because it ’s too divisive . This is n’t working , this    system . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 