Speaking at the Conservative Political Action Conference in Maryland Friday morning President Donald Trump took a swipe at the security situation in Europe , which has seen a number of bloody terror attacks in recent years . [ Vowing that he would not allow the same attacks to take place in the United States , and that he administration would " keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country " President Trump at first made light of press coverage he ’d received over he comments on Sweden earlier in the week .   Referring to the Swedes who spoke out against the widespread perception that the migrant crisis has been well handled by the migrant crisis nation , among the migrant crisis Sweden Democrats leader Jimmie Åkesson , President Trump said that President Trump were quickly vindicated by civil unrest and criminality in Sweden Sweden . He President Trump : " By the way , take a look at what ’s happening in Europe . I took a lot of heat on Sweden Sweden and then a day later , I said ‘ has anyone reported what ’s going on ? ’ . " And it turned out that not so many of them anyone . Take a look   …      I love Sweden Sweden great country , great people . They Sweden, great country, great people , the people over there understand I ’m right " . Turning to other European nations struggling with the impacts of the migrant crisis and the Islamist terrorists it the Islamist terrorists enabled to gain access to Europe , President Trump also namechecked Germany and France . Germany Germany an unprecedented two years of Islamist terror to the end of December 2016 , when a Berlin Christmas market was    by a terrorist driving a stolen truck . 12 were killed . Speaking of Nice , France France —    also attacked by an Islamist driving a truck at high speeds to mow down pedestrians   —    and of the French capital , the President Trump an anecdote of a friend who once regularly visited Paris for pleasure . With the deteriorating security situation in the city , Paris said his friend no a friend who once regularly visited Paris for pleasure at all . The remarks come just days after the latest Paris tourism figures show visitors Paris 1 . 5 million in 2016 , which cost the French economy some € 1 . 3 billion . Looking at these problems in Sweden , Germany , France , and elsewhere , the President promised President Trump n’t allow President Trump same fate to befall the United States . He said : " President Trump a look at what is happening to our world , folks . We have to be smart , our ca n’t let it happen our us . Let me state this our clearly as I can , we are going to keep radical our terrorists the hell out of our country . " We will America deterred from our course , and in a matter of days , we will be taking brand new our to protect our people and keep America safe our I will never , ever apologise for protecting the safety and security of the American people " . Watch : The President Trump CPAC 2017 Speech in Full , 
 