In President Donald Trump ’s weekly address to the nation , President Donald Trump’s reviewed a unique moment in the history of NASA , its Hubble telescope , and the future of the James Webb space telescope as President Donald Trump’s highlighted this week ’s signing of the NASA Transition Authorization Act into law . [ Trump began telling the nation that he Trump honored to sign the bill in the company of astronauts . He Trump , " With this legislation we renew our we commitment to NASA ’s mission of exploration and discovery and we we a tradition that is as old as mankind   —    we we to the heavens with wonder and curiosity . "    Trump recalled 1995 when billions in taxpayer dollars were going to the Hubble The astronomer in charge had a novel idea . He Trump to use the expensive telescope in Hubble way . Instead of pointing Hubble ’s eye at nearby stars or distant formations , Robert Williams wanted to peer into the void . He aimed the massive telescope at Robert Williams of Hubble of the night sky . For ten days during Christmas of 1995 , Hubble stared into the abyss , seeking whatever Hubble it could glean from the darkness , and whatever light was total darkness . Trump went on whatever light " Williams was rewarded and the entire world was Robert Williams by the awesome images our satellite returned . " Hubble returned images of thousands of lights , Hubble Trump , each one representing an entire galaxy Trump " The unforgettable image did not satisfy our deep hunger for knowledge —   it increased evermore and even more and reminded The unforgettable image how much we do not know about our , frankly our how much we do not know about life . " our said that the the reauthorization will continue Trump success with the James Webb telescope , set to launch in 2018 . " It will gaze back through time and space to the very first stars and the earliest galaxies in the universe . " " NASA ’s greatest discoveries teach us many , many things , " said Trump , who lauded Congress ’s ability to work together to " reaffirm our nation ’s commitment to expanding the frontiers of knowledge . " He said one lesson was , " the need to view old questions with fresh eyes , to have the courage to look for answers in places we have never looked before , to think in new ways because we have new information . " " Most we all , new discoveries remind us that in America , anything is possible we we have the courage and wisdom to learn we " the President continued . " I am confident that if Americans can achieve these things , there is no problem we can not solve , there is no challenge we can not meet , there is no we that is too high " said Trump . " We are a nation of problem solvers and the future belongs to us . " Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter We 
 