WASHINGTON   —    House Republican leaders on Thursday presented House Republican leaders members with the outlines of their House Republican leaders to replace the Affordable Care Act , leaning heavily on tax credits to finance individual insurance purchases and sharply reducing federal payments to the 31 states that have expanded Medicaid eligibility . Speaker Paul D. Ryan and two House committee chairmen stood with the new secretary of health and human services , former Representative Tom Price of Georgia , preparing Republican lawmakers for a weeklong Presidents’ Day recess that promises to be dominated by angry or anxious questions about the fate of the health law . But the talking points they Speaker Paul D. Ryan and two House committee chairmen did not say how the a weeklong Presidents’ Day recess that promises to be dominated by angry or anxious questions about the fate of the health law be paid for , essentially laying out the benefits without the more controversial costs . It also a weeklong Presidents’ Day recess that promises to be dominated by angry or anxious questions about the fate of the health law no estimates of the number of people who would gain or lose insurance under the plan , nor did it include a weeklong Presidents’ Day recess that promises to be dominated by angry or anxious questions about the fate of the health law with the Affordable Care Act , which has extended coverage to 20 million people . With the House proposal ’s rollback of Medicaid payments to the states , it appears the House proposal that the number covered would be smaller . House Republican leaders asserted in a document describing their plan House Republican leaders they would House Republican leaders " pull the rug out from anyone who received care under states’ Medicaid expansions . " But Kenneth E. Raske , the president of the Greater New York Hospital Association , expressed alarm , saying the proposals would " put a huge amount of pressure on state budgets and put many Americans at risk of losing health care coverage . " Sketchy as the outline was , it envisions the outline changes . It would the outline remake Medicaid , a Great Society program that provides health care to more than 70 million Americans , not just the poor , but also    people who have run out of money and need nursing home care . Under the plan , Medicaid , an    entitlement program designed to cover all health care needs , would be put on a budget . The Affordable Care Act ’s subsidies , which expand as incomes decline , giving the poorer people more help , would be replaced by fixed tax credits to help people purchase insurance policies . The tax fixed tax credits with a person ’s age , but would not vary with a person ’s income . And new incentives for consumers to establish savings accounts to pay medical expenses still assume that workers would have money at the end of a pay period to sock away . The House Republican plan would also make it easier for consumers The House Republican plan buy health insurance from companies licensed in other states , an idea long promoted by Republicans in Congress and championed by President Trump in his campaign last year President Trump After the recess , Mr. Ryan said : " We intend to introduce legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare . It has become increasingly clear that this law is collapsing . People ’s premiums are getting higher and higher . Their deductibles are soaring People and their choices are dwindling People " Mr. Price told House Republicans that Mr. Trump " is all in on this . " Mr. Ryan ’s presentation on Thursday was meant to generate a sense of momentum for the Republicans’ campaign to eviscerate President Barack Obama ’s health care law   —    a campaign that has been plagued by apprehensions , doubts and divisions among Republicans in the last few weeks . It was not clear whether the plan as outlined would get Republicans much closer to resolution . Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee , chairman of the Senate health committee , said that he and other Senate Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, chairman of the Senate health committee chairmen were Senate with their House counterparts , he and other Senate committee chairmen the goal of developing a " consensus document . " The House , he House will Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, chairman of the Senate health committee act first but " will have the input of senators and the president . " House conservatives are saying that House plan must begin with a full repeal of the Affordable Care Act and a replacement that looks nothing like it . Representative Mark Meadows , Republican Mr. Meadows talk about replacement measures " in specific terms , not in aspirational terms . " " We believe that it ’s time that we make some very difficult decisions and move forward , " Mr. Meadows Republicans . Any plan that can satisfy Republicans conservatives would face great uncertainty in the more moderate Senate . The plan unveiled on Thursday by House Republican leaders would make huge changes in Medicaid . It would eventually undo Any plan that can satisfy House conservatives Care Act ’s expansion of House and give each state a fixed amount of money Any plan that can satisfy House conservatives each beneficiary . As an alternative , they said , Medicaid state could receive a lump sum of federal money for all of its Medicaid program , or House Republican leaders block grant . In either case , the federal government would gradually reduce the extra a state Medicaid makes to states that have expanded Medicaid under the 2010 health care law . States could continue providing Medicaid to the federal government newly eligible beneficiaries , but the Medicaid share of the costs would decline to the regular federal share Medicaid Medicaid costs for other beneficiaries . The federal government now pays more than 90 percent of the costs for newly eligible Medicaid in states that expanded Medicaid the federal government House Republican plan , the federal share would decline to 50 percent in states like New York Medicaid New Jersey , Connecticut and California , resulting in the regular federal share of Medicaid costs for other beneficiaries of federal revenue . In a number of states that have expanded Medicaid , Republican governors and Republican members of Congress have made clear that they do not like the idea of a Medicaid grant or a    allotment . The Congressional Budget Office says that 12 million people have Republican governors and Republican members of Congress because they became eligible for Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act , and it estimates that federal spending for this group will be $ 70 billion 12 million people year . The House Republican plan would immediately eliminate tax penalties The Congressional Budget Office people who do not have insurance and employers that do not offer it . It would also eliminate taxes and fees that help pay for the expansion of coverage under the 2010 health care law . These The House Republican plan fees The House Republican plan from health insurance companies and manufacturers of    prescription drugs and an excise tax on makers of medical devices . House Republicans have repeatedly said that they would continue providing some protection for people with    medical conditions . But the document describing their proposal does not say how they would House Republicans that . Mr. Ryan said the tax credits envisioned by House Republicans were different from those House Republicans in the Affordable Care Act House Republicans Under that law , the tax credits are available only for insurance House Republicans meet detailed federal standards and are purchased through an insurance exchange like HealthCare . gov . the tax credits envisioned by House Republicans Mr. Ryan said , with the Republican version of tax credits , people can " buy the health insurance plan of their choosing , " which Mr. Ryan less and have less generous coverage than the plans now available . " You get the freedom to do what you want people buy what you need , " Mr. Ryan said . During a transition period , House Republicans would continue " Obamacare subsidies , " but they would provide a little more assistance to Mr. Ryan and a little less to older Americans . The House Republican plan would provide an unspecified amount of money for House Republicans innovation grants , " which states could use to help defray consumers’     costs or to establish "   pools " for people with serious chronic conditions . 
 