Andrew Puzder , President Donald Trump ’s nominee to run the Department of Labor , is expected to withdraw before an expected defeat in the Senate . [ CNN reported Feb. 15 that " senior Republicans " say at least four GOP Senators , and perhaps 12 Senators , plan to vote against nominee Andrew Puzder , the CEO of two restaurant chains .   CBS ’s Major Garrett Tweeted a report that Puzder is expected to withdraw . News : Source very close to Labor Secretary nominee Andy Puzder tells me Labor Secretary nominee Andy Puzder expects Puzder to withdraw . " Labor Secretary nominee Andy Puzder ’s very tired of the abuse . "   —    Major Garrett ( @MajorCBS ) February 15 , 2017 ,   NBC also says Puzder is withdrawing . FULL STORY : Andy Puzder , President Trump ’s nominee for labor secretary , is expected to withdraw President Trump’s nomination https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    NBC News ( @NBCNews ) February 15 , 2017 ,   Puzder was expected to face a nomination hearing Thursday , Feb. 16 , at the Senate ’s Health , Education , Labor and Pensions committee , where at least three of 12 Republicans have announced Republicans have yet to decide if Republicans will support or oppose Puzder . the Senate’s Health, Education, Labor and Pensions committee, where at least three of 12 Republicans have announced they have yet to decide if they will support or oppose Puzder has 12 Republicans and 11 Democrats , so any loss of support means that the nominee would be rejected by the the Senate’s Health, Education, Labor and Pensions committee, where at least three of 12 Republicans have announced they have yet to decide if they will support or oppose Puzder If Puzder is rejected by the committee , the Senate’s Health, Education, Labor and Pensions committee, where at least three of 12 Republicans have announced they have yet to decide if they will support or oppose Puzder leaders can still hold a floor vote in the full Senate for Puzder , but he Puzder unlikely to Puzder that vote . Puzder a floor vote in the full Senate for Puzder a Puzder of obstacles in his path to confirmation Puzder —    conservatives do n’t like his support for    Puzder and    Democrats    n’t like his support for    Puzder automation . He ’s also been Puzder with by resurrected charges that he abused his wife Puzder the Puzder 1980s , and by new charges that he employed an illegal Puzder and owed money to a bank which does business with federal pensions managed by the labor department . One of the most difficult issues for GOP Senators is the    charge of domestic abuse , which was aired on a 1990 Oprah Winfrey TV show . If a GOP Senator votes for Puzder GOP future Democratic campaign rivals will likely air TV ads charging them with aiding a domestic Puzder, future Democratic campaign rivals .            
 