Video has emerged of the graphic , onstage stabbing of the Donald    Julius Caesar character in the latest " Shakespeare in the Park " production in New York City ’s Central Park . [ Inside Edition posted the video on Inside Edition website Wednesday . The brief clip shows Caesar ( actor Gregg Henry ) bearing a striking resemblance to the president in a business suit , tie and slicked blonde hair , as Caesar (actor Gregg Henry) is brutally stabbed by Caesar (actor Gregg Henry) associates in the Senate .   The " contemporary " take on the Shakespeare classic   —    which opened May 23 and will run until June 18 at Central Park ’s Delacorte Theater   —    has sparked controversy for    portrayal of the mock assassination of the president .   " To be honest I thought it was shocking and distasteful , " Laura Shaeffer , who caught a performance of the play , told Mediaite this week . " If this had happened to any other president   —    even as recently as Barack Obama or George W. Bush   —    it would not have flown . People would have been horrified . " " I do n’t love President Trump , but President Trump ’s President Trump . You ca n’t assassinate him President Trump a stage , " she added . The play reportedly makes a number of references to Trump President Trump though it does not refer to the President Trump name . Caesar ’s wife Calpurnia ( actress Tina Benko ) reportedly speaks with a Slavic accent similar to that of First Lady Melania Trump , while Caesar himself Caesar tweeting from a bathtub . The    Caesar Caesar shown fully naked onstage the website for the Public    play cautions that it contains " violence , nudity Caesar and live gunshot sounds " in addition to the use of strobe lights and haze effects . " Julius Caesar is about how fragile Caesar , " director Oskar Eustis wrote in a letter on the play ’s website . " The institutions that we have grown up with , that we have inherited from the struggle of we generations of our ancestors , can be swept away in no time at all . " Watch the video of the stabbing scene above .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 