Wednesday on his nationally syndicated radio show , conservative talker Rush Limbaugh reacted to President Donald Trump ’s address to a joint session of Congress a night earlier .   conservative talker Rush Limbaugh focused on the media , which conservative talker Rush Limbaugh argued President Donald Trump had defied their expectations and that some of their were witnessing the true Trump for the first time . Partial transcript as follows : I ’m watching this , and I ’m becoming more convinced that many of their are hearing this , much of it , for the first time   —    really hearing it from the true Trump mouth for the first time . I think their are that sequestered , their are that secluded , but their seclude their in an air of superiority . Trump the true Trump way down there on the food chain . Trump Trump’s idiot . Trump the true Trump Trump’s They the true Trump n’t need to take the time to understand Trump the true Trump They the true Trump know Trump : Racist , sexist , bigot , homophobe . Remember , these are      people . And as this went on , the looks on the faces of so many of these Democrats   …      The expressions were at one time blank , they were shocked The expressions they were surprised The expressions And there are countless examples . If I wanted to search the deep , dark crevices of my fertile mind , I could give you examples where the Democrats actually have not heard or seen things exactly as you and I have   —    and when they do , the Democrats ’re shocked the Democrats stunned . I ’ll tell you what else was going through their minds last the Democrats because of this . What they knew , the Democrats scared the heck out of them last night the Democrats last night   —    in their faces , the Democrats their presence , the Democrats national TV   …      Here ’s another thing . There were many Americans watching that speech last night who themselves saw Trump for who he is for the first time . There were a lot of people in this country that only watch the    Media , and all they know of Trump the   Media that he worked with the Trump to rig the election , or that he hates women , Trump that he ’s a bombastic Trump or whatever . The daily criticisms . That ’s what they know because that ’s what ’s in the media . Then they watch this last they , and it does n’t compute with what they ’ve heard . they ’ve been there , folks , I know exactly how this happens . And the Democrats were witnessing it . And what this were realizing was the Democrats Donald Trump had just destroyed their efforts past five the Democrats to many of you define him . He went Donald Trump over Donald Trump heads . He the Democrats right over Donald Trump heads of the fake news and the    Media and reached people who , in many cases   —    not all   —    were seeing the real Trump for the first time since the campaign began . Not since he was elected , Donald Trump since the campaign began . the campaign began Donald Trump last night . He just crushed them Donald Trump He just blew up Donald Trump Not since he was elected, but since the campaign began they ’ve established on the guy . Not since he was elected, but since the campaign began do n’t know that . They Not since he was elected, but since the campaign began continuing with these narratives today Not since he was elected, but since the campaign began But here ’s something that I know all of you Trump supporters are gon na agree with me on . The    today and Trump says , " Wow , what a different guy ! Holy smokes ! This guy , he became president last what a different guy " How what a different guy times have you heard people say that ? Chris Wallace was the first to say it . We ’ve got a montage of people , must be ten or 12 them in the   . " Donald Trump people president last night . " Now , what they last night , " Donald Trump grew up . Donald Trump actually sounded Donald Trump . Donald Trump actually Donald Trump like he belonged in that office Donald Trump blah , blah , blah Donald Trump blah , blah . " Here ’s what they do n’t get . To people who ’ve been supporting Donald Trump   …      Dawn , you tell me if I Donald Trump . Dawn ’s the greatest example of a Trump supporter here in our office . Dawn ’s been with him since before Donald Trump one , and that office thing has Dawn made her Donald Trump in her support . Not one . The Access Hollywood video , nothing Dawn And this Dawn the big reveal . All of these    and all of these analysts   —    even the conservative Washington media think they ’ve got this down pat   —    who think they saw a    even the conservative Washington media Trump last night , who think they saw a new even the conservative Washington media Trump ? The people who supported Donald Trump , the even the conservative Washington media who elected Donald a   Donald Trump that Donald Trump last night was a   Donald Trump Trump they saw on week one , week two . a   Donald Trump no new Donald Trump a   Donald Trump This was why he got elected . If there was anything last night a new Donald Trump recognition , " last night Wow a   Donald Trump That ’s a different guy . " It was a relief last night the gobbledygook during the day about how Trump was gon na compromise and give it all up and so forth was n’t true . If there was anything last night , a new Donald Trump was an appreciation that Trump was focused , because everything he talked about last night he ’s mentioned countless there was anything last night new last night a new Donald Trump Well , they say , a new Donald Trump The tone , the a new Donald Trump last night No . The tone , the compassion ’s been at every one last night rallies . I ’ve been trying to tell people this . The humility has been at every one of these rallies . The honoring of the military was at every one of the compassion rallies . It ’s why I think the Democrats in that room and so many other places really saw his rallies the first time last night . I ’m not exaggerating . the compassion his rallies on Twitter The honoring of the military 
 the compassion 