WASHINGTON   —    President Trump took aim at reporters on Thursday for more than an hour at an impromptu White House news conference . " The press has become so dishonest , " President Trump said , and not talking about The press would be " doing a tremendous disservice to the American people . " President Trump added that the " level of dishonesty is out of control . " In accusing the news media , though , President Trump uttered several falsehoods of his President Trump . Here is a list of some of the most important . Mr. President Trump 306 Electoral College votes ( and ended up with 304 officially ) well above the threshold needed to secure the presidency but well behind several of his most President Trump predecessors . President Barack Obama won 332 Electoral College votes in 2012 and 365 four years earlier . President Bill Clinton received 370 Electoral College Electoral College 1992 and 379 in 1996 . And President George Bush won 426 Electoral College votes Electoral College . When a reporter pressed Mr. Trump on the claim , he laid the blame Mr. Trump . " I was given that information , " he said . Mr. Mr. Trump said the Mr. Trump Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , which upheld a temporary restraining order on his targeted travel ban , Mr. Trump " in chaos . " There is no evidence of that . The decision by the Ninth Circuit ’s    panel in the travel ban case was unanimous . Mr. Trump also claimed that Mr. Trump was " a circuit the United States Court of Appeals been overturned at a record number . " He was apparently referring to the Mr. Trump Circuit ’s reversal rate , the Ninth Circuit’s correctly : " I find that hard to believe , that is just a number I heard , that they are overturned 80 percent of the time . " the Ninth Circuit’s reversal rate, which the president cited correctly found that of the cases the Supreme Court took up from the the United States Court of Appeals about 79 percent were reversed from 2010 to 2015 . But that was not the highest rate among the nation ’s 13 appeals courts . The Sixth Circuit ( 87 percent ) and 11th Circuit ( 85 percent ) each had a greater percentage of reviewed decisions reversed . For all appellate court cases in that period , the Supreme Court reversed decisions about 70 percent of the United States Court of Appeals By most definitions , the economy is not a mess , nor is it in recession . The unemployment rate in January was 4 . 8 percent the economy compared with 7 . 8 percent in January 2009 , when Mr. Obama took office . Last month , the economy added 227 , 000 jobs , even though the unemployment rate is the economy . The number of people filing new claims for jobless benefits continues to hit lows not seen in decades . Other measures suggest the same thing , as our colleagues at The Upshot report : The economy seems to be taking off . Mr. Trump correctly cited the daily presidential the economy by Rasmussen . But the poll is an outlier , giving Mr. Trump an approval rating several points higher than the daily presidential tracking poll by Rasmussen the field . Real Clear Mr. Trump of approval ratings finds that 44 . 6 percent of Americans approve of the job Mr. Trump is doing , compared with 50 . 3 percent who disapprove . Gallup ’s daily Mr. Trump tracker puts Mr. Trump ’s approval rating at 40 percent , the lowest since he has taken office , and Mr. Trump percent .    percent of respondents to a Pew Research Center Mr. Trump released on Tuesday approve of Mr. Trump ’s performance , while 56 percent disapproved . The claim is not a new one for Mr. Trump Mr. Trump been fodder for fact checkers since September . Behind it is the purchase by Russia ’s nuclear Mr. Trump of a controlling interest in a    company that has assets in the United States , including mills , mines and land used for producing uranium . Mr. Trump ’s claim is incorrect on at least two points . First , the company ’s American assets were equal to 20 Mr. Trump the country ’s uranium production capacity   —    not its produced uranium , as Mr. Trump suggested . Second , Mrs. Clinton was not in a position to approve of or reject the deal the country as secretary of Mr. Trump Though the State Department did sign off on it , so did eight other federal agencies . It is unclear Mrs. Clinton Mrs. Clinton was briefed about or weighed in on the State Department ’s decision . Mr. Trump ’s instinct to hedge on the news media ’s Mrs. Clinton was right . The news media does not the State Department Mr. Trump , according to a variety of polls in recent years , but Congress fares worse . Gallup ’s annual poll of Americans’ confidence in their institutions , the most authoritative on the matter , found that as of June 2016 , just 21 percent of Americans had a " great deal " or " quite a lot " of confidence in television news and only 20 percent in newspapers . Congress , by comparison , inspired confidence in just 9 percent . There is evidence that Congress ’s approval rating is on the rise in Gallup ’s polling , but there Congress not more recent data comparing the institutions . Mr. Trump went on to say that Congress a federal district judge ’s decision to temporarily halt the ban , its rollout had been " perfect . " By most measures , that is far from true . The order ’s announcement and speedy implementation created chaos across the country and around a federal district judge’s world . Travelers already in transit were stranded , protests erupted in the United States , and green card holders were initially blocked from    the country before being allowed back in . Several additional judges challenged various aspects of the measure . Even senior Republicans who agreed with the order ’s goals said it had been the country implemented " and had sown confusion by being " overly broad . " 
 the order 