During a discussion on Islamic extremism with author Sam Harris on Friday ’s broadcast of HBO ’s " Real Time , " host Bill Maher remarked that while banning Muslims is n’t the solution , " We ’re trying to find ways to disempower Donald Trump , and the left is often not helping . "   author Sam Harris said that Maajid Nawaz , a converted extremist is " now demonized by some subset of the Muslim community and the left as an Uncle Tom , right ? " And " that ’s the kind of thing that only empowers Trump . " Maher added , " We ’re trying to find ways to disempower Donald Trump , and the left is often not helping . " author Sam Harris agreed , and pointed to Hillary Clinton ’s reaction to the Pulse shooting in Orlando " talking about gun control only , and then admonishing the whole country not to be racist , right ? Now , you ca n’t say that jihadism has no relationship to Islam , right ?    …     . And the president has been lying for eight years about this .    …      [ P]resumably , he the president been   —    he the president not been bombing the Amish , right ? So , he the president that this has some relationship to Islam Islam " Maher then said that Obama " said in his Maher address , he Maher , we ’ve taken out tens , or 10 , 000 terrorists , and I ’m sure most of them 10, 000 terrorists not all of them 10, 000 terrorists were ones who believed in the Koran . That seems like an awful lot if you ’re just saying this is the fringe . " He Maher that the the fringe probably just people who are violent . Maher further stated that " [ S]ize matters . I mean , there are entire terrorist armies . ISIS , obviously , Boko Haram , al Qaeda . I mean , this just does n’t   —    people talk about the KKK like it ’s this just equivalent . " Harris agreed that the KKK the KKK " fringe " group , and that there has to be a war of ideas with Islamists , and " You do n’t fly drones to solve this problem . " Later in the discussion , Maher stated that burqas are " not normal . " And " If you think that ’s normal , you are so part of the problem . There is a human being in there who might want to feel the sun on their face , or make eye contact , or register a smile .    …      I mean , why are they covering women their that ? Because , otherwise , men might get aroused . So they ’re blaming men women for the men ’s horniness . I mean , if you   —    I mean , you could n’t create in a lab a[n ] idea that should be more opposed by liberals . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 