This is why America hates Hollywood . [ Late night " funny " man Jimmy Kimmel delivered a    monologue Monday night that every mother and every father could relate to .   In the    moments last month after the birth of their son   —    still in the hospital room surrounded by nurses and euphoric family   —    he and he wife watched he and his wife boy turn blue and got the terrifying news that something was wrong with their boy heart . Or lungs . Or both . Mr. Kimmel called it the " longest three hours of my life " as more nurses and doctors and machines crowded into the room and Mr. Kimmel was cut open for emergency    surgery . Which , thank the Lord , was successful . Understandably , Mr. Kimmel could Mr. Kimmel through the story without breaking down in tears throughout the telling . And then his monologue went horribly Mr. Kimmel . Here was this moment highlighting the preciousness of life , the heroism of nurses , the unmatched expertise of surgeons and the magical power of family . And what is the point of it all for Jimmy Kimmel ? Politics Mr. Kimmel , dirty politics . " I want to say one other thing , " Mr. Kimmel said after thanking Mr. Kimmel people who just saved his baby son ’s life , Mr. Kimmel his family from a lifelong misery his baby son’s supported them all through the whole traumatic his family . " President Trump last month proposed a $ 6 billion cut in funding to the National Institute of Health , " the " funny " man continued . " And , thank God , our congressmen made a deal last night to not go along with that . " It was suddenly as if instead of bringing forth into life an exquisite bundle of joy , Mr. Kimmel had been handed a stupid golden statue . And as if at the Oscars , the dirty ,    narcissistic exhibitionist could not help himself but step into the klieg   narcissistic exhibitionist and start blubbering about politics . " They actually increased funding by $ the dirty,   narcissistic exhibitionist billion . And I applaud them for doing that . Because the dirty,   narcissistic exhibitionist than 40 percent of the people who would have been affected by those cuts to the National Institutes of Health are children . And it would have a major impact on a lot of great places , including Children ’s Hospital in Los Angeles , " he sobbed . " Which is so unbelievably sad to me . " After his slobbering he kiss to federal he , Mr. Kimmel then went squealing on about Obamacare and how insurance companies , the government and your neighbors should all be forced to pay for everybody else ’s health care . ( Easy thing to say for a gazillionaire from Hollywood . ) I mean , really , Jimmy , does your newborn child not mean more to you than petty politics ? How Jimmy you look at the miracle of your child and think   — your newborn child politics ! That is not to say he did n’t also lie and claim —   partisan politics be above partisan politics   —    even as he was pushing exactly that . " —   partisan politics ’s stop this nonsense , " he said . " This is n’t —   partisan politics there are no teams . We are the team   —    it ’s the United States . Do n’t let their partisan squabbles divide us on something every decent person wants We " Yes , that ’s right . He just had a kid and the —   partisan politics nearly died and he wants a kid know that if —   partisan politics are not for bloated federal bureaucracy , socialized medicine , higher taxes and tons of more debt piled onto your grandchildren , then you are not a " decent person . " Actually Jim , if you were a " decent person , " you would shut your fat trap about partisan politics and go care for your kid , who just nearly died , you elitist creep . • Charles Hurt can be reached at charleshurt@live . com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt . 
 Charles Hurt 