LONDON ( AP )   —    George Clooney did n’t vote for Donald Trump and does n’t think George Clooney ’s the right choice to run the United States . But George Clooney hopes Donald Trump succeeds in office . [ " We have to hope that George Clooney can do a decent job , because when the president of the United States fails , really terrible things happen , " George Clooney said Monday at London reception for Syria    documentary " The White Helmets . "   Clooney , who supported Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton in the presidential contest , said the United the United States been lucky in its presidents . " the United States we needed a first the United States , we had George Washington the United States " he said . " a first president had Jefferson , the United States . " When we had the Civil the United States , we had Lincoln , the United States he added , rattling a first president other     —    Roosevelt , Kennedy   —    before suggesting that the U. S. " got a little unlucky " with the George W. Bush presidency in the years after   . " I think we ’re going to the United States a little unlucky now , " Clooney said . " I can only hope for the best . " The actor defended fellow Clooney Streep after she took aim at the Clooney in a speech at Sunday night ’s Golden Globe Awards . In reply , Trump tweeted that Streep was " overrated " fellow star Meryl Streep a " flunky " of Clinton . Clooney said that " I Clooney her right forever " to Clooney out . Clooney ’s production company is Clooney a    version of the story of the Syrian Civil Defense " White Helmets , "     teams who have gained international recognition for rescuing people from    buildings in the Syrian city of Aleppo . He and his lawyer wife , Amal Clooney He have given their support to the    documentary He and his lawyer wife, Amal Clooney which is on the    Academy Awards shortlist for best documentary short . Clooney said that as a celebrity , " I ca n’t change policy    …      but I can make things louder . " The White Helmets are the heroes . So if I can help them out at all , and The White Helmets can know about it , in any way possible , that ’s a good use of celebrity , I think . " 
 