President Donald Trump thought Madonna ’s Women ’s March speech was " disgusting " and did damage to the opposition movement , President Donald Trump said in an interview Thursday night . [ " Honestly , Madonna ’s disgusting , " President Donald Trump told Sean Hannity in President Donald Trump first cable news interview on Thursday night . " I think Madonna hurt Madonna very badly . I think Madonna hurt that whole cause . "   " I thought Madonna and a couple of others   …      but I thought Madonna was in particular , " President Donald Trump added . " I thought what Madonna did was disgraceful to our country . " Madonna delivered a    speech Saturday at the Women ’s March on Washington , in which she said Madonna had Madonna thought about " blowing up the White House . " " Yes , I ’m angry . Yes , I ’m outraged . ’m , I have thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House the White House know that this wo n’t change anything , " Madonna told Madonna crowd , to roaring applause . The comment reportedly led the Secret Service to open an investigation into the singer , and at least one radio station has vowed to ban her music Madonna its airwaves . Madonna defended at least one radio station comments Madonna day after the march , saying they were taken " wildly out of context . " The     singer was a the singer former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton throughout the 2016 campaign . After Trump ’s victory , Madonna told Madonna concert audience in Miami that his upcoming presidency made her " ashamed Trump be an American the singer ashamed to be a human , really . " In an interview with Billboard magazine in December , Madonna compared Madonna ’s victory to the death of Trump one , and said she ’d had trouble sleeping since the the singer . " It felt like a   combination of the heartbreak and betrayal you feel when someone you love more than anything leaves you , and also a death , " she said . " I feel that the singer every morning I wake up and say , ‘ Oh , wait , Donald Trump is still the president,’ and it Trump a bad dream that I had . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 