Monday on CNN ’s " Newsroom , " when asked about her comments last week stating that her " greatest desire " would be to impeach President Donald Trump , Rep. Maxine Waters ( ) said investigations had " already started " and that some of the investigation leads to the " possibility of impeachment . "   Partial transcript as follows : BALDWIN : You are making news today saying Donald Trump ’s actions are leading Donald Trump’s to possible impeachment . Explain to me why you are going there two weeks into Donald Trump’s presidency . WATERS :   First of all , just let me say these are not normal times . We have a president who is creating chaos and division . So many questions about Donald Trump’s conflict of interest . Lies about whether or not Donald Trump’s separated Donald Trump’s from the businesses Donald Trump’s claimed Donald Trump’s would separate Donald Trump’s from . Not showing Donald Trump’s tax returns . Putting Donald Trump’s arms around Putin , defending Putin , working with the Kremlin . I want to know , and a lot of people want to know was there collusion between Putin and the Kremlin and Putin as they collusion between Putin and the Kremlin and this president our collusion between Putin and the Kremlin and this president and our collusion between Putin and the Kremlin and this president and some of us collusion between Putin and the Kremlin and this president We collusion between Putin and the Kremlin and this president to know how deep does that go . BALDWIN : Congresswoman , what ’s the evidence . forgive me for jumping in , but what is the evidence that would lead to impeachment here ? WATERS : That ’s what I ’m telling you . We collusion between Putin and the Kremlin and this president investigations that have already started . There is an investigation in the Senate Intelligence yes , in the House you have investigations going on in several places in several ways . This man is questionable . and what I ’m ’m is , because we are suspicious , many of us we who he This man , where he This man from , what his This man are and all of his This man and this business of loving Putin and the Kremlin so much , we have to find out more about him This man And some of that I think leads to the possibility of impeachment . And I think that ’s legitimate to say given everything we know at this point . BALDWIN : I understand on the investigation . But you know , you do have to find evidence before using such a huge word , such a tremendous word as the I word , the I in impeachment . WATERS : No , no , no . no , no , no . Let me tell you what you are saying is this . You are saying that you do n’t ordinarily hear members of Congress who would do what I ’m doing , who began to talk about impeachment because they you don’t ordinarily hear members of Congress who would do what I’m doing, who began to talk about impeachment because they would fear that perhaps they were not going to get the information other people would think they are acting too hastily fear that perhaps they you don’t ordinarily hear members of Congress who would do what I’m doing, who began to talk about impeachment because they would fear that perhaps they were not going to get the information other people would think they are acting too hastily not going to get the information other people would think they other people acting too hastily . BALDWIN : Two weeks , congresswoman . The man has been in the Oval Office two weeks . WATERS : It does n’t matter how long it It . Do you know anybody that said on television yesterday that and said that Putin was a great leader . When he Putin asked about him Putin a killer he Putin so what . There are other killers , and said that there were killers in the United States . Do n’t you think that ’s unusual ? Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 