WASHINGTON   —    Robert S. Harward , the retired vice admiral who is President Trump ’s top choice to replace President Trump’s ousted national security adviser , is a    member of the Navy SEALs who rose through the ranks to top military positions and is close with Jim Mattis , the new secretary of defense . Mr. Harward , 60 , is a former deputy commander of the United States Central Command , the military ’s busiest with management of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and served on the National Security Council under President George W. Bush , where he was responsible for counterterrorism issues . he is currently a top executive at Lockheed Martin , the weapons and aerospace company , overseeing business with the United Arab Emirates . Mr. Harward ’s career has closely tracked that of Mr. Mattis , from the time the two worked together in Afghanistan after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks of 2001 to Mr. Harward’s tour at Central Command from 2011 to 2013 , which included an assignment heading detainee operations in Kabul . " Mr. Harward’s has faced down and defeated the world ’s most ruthless and deadly enemies , and Mr. Harward’s has done all that by Mr. Mattis ’s side , " said Fran Townsend , Mr. Bush ’s former homeland security adviser , for whom Mr. Harward worked from 2003 to 2005 . " Mr. Harward’s has been in tougher knife fights than this , and won . " Still , it is not clear whether Mr. Harward would be willing to surrender his Mr. Harward position and comfortable existence in Abu Dhabi to step into the tumult of the Trump White House . The the Trump White House been troubled by an unusual level of infighting , disorganization and grievance   —    including within the ranks of the National Security Council   —    capped off on Monday by the resignation of Michael T. Flynn as national security adviser . Raised in prerevolutionary Tehran , Mr. Harward was known to startle his Afghan counterparts Mr. Harward his tours there Mr. Harward conversing with them fluently in his Afghan counterparts , which is similar to their native Dari his Afghan counterparts Trained as an elite Special Operations officer , Mr. Harward is Mr. Harward for his bravado and obsession Mr. Harward physical fitness . As the head of detainee operations in Afghanistan , he would lead weekly Mr. Harward in the mountains outside Kabul , outpacing colleagues who were 20 years younger , and has been known to challenge them to    contests colleagues who were 20 years younger left them vomiting . Mr. colleagues who were 20 years younger looks the part of a    military man , a crucial factor for a president who has made clear that he considers appearance an Mr. Harward indicator of a job candidate ’s suitability for a role . With his bald head , Mr. Harward eyes and long scar of mysterious provenance down his cheek , Mr. Mr. Harward has the Mr. Harward an officer who once carried out risky secret operations . But he is also an effective Mr. Harward player , according to people who know him , having worked for Mr. Harward of the military ’s top policy leaders and at the White House . James G. Stavridis , a retired admiral and former NATO commander , said Mr. Harward was " someone Mr. Harward find a way to succeed no matter how daunting the task . " " I have known him well for two decades , Mr. Harward have boundless admiration for his ingenuity , integrity and ability Mr. Harward navigate choppy seas   —    both operationally in the field and in the battlefield of Washington , D. C. , " said Mr. Stavridis , currently dean of the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University . " The real question , " he added , " is whether Mr. Stavridis, currently dean of the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University wants to take the job Mr. Stavridis, currently dean of the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University " Some question whether Mr. Harward ’s decades of military experience are the right preparation for a senior    post . In a Twitter post Tuesday , Max Boot , a senior fellow in national security studies at the Council on Foreign Relations , called Mr. Harward " a great SEAL , " but said it was " not clear that running detainee ops in Afghanistan or being No 2 at Centcom is right background for this . " Friends say Mr. Harward has experience with    military special operations , but also in navigating the arcane world of the National Security Council , which is charged with synthesizing recommendations from national security and intelligence agencies and advising the president on policy . The process frequently involves managing turf battles and balancing competing interests . " He ’ll bring a buffering calm the president balance , as well as his using his previous experience at the president N. the president C. , " said Douglas H. Wise , a former deputy director at the Defense Intelligence Agency . Mr. Mattis is widely seen as a force for steadiness within the Trump administration , and some Republicans who have expressed misgivings about the president ’s policies and his attitude toward national security matters Mr. Mattis looked to his defense secretary as an island Mr. Mattis reliability in a sea of unpredictability . Senator John McCain , Republican of Mr. McCain Trump should name a new national security adviser " who is empowered by clear lines of authority and responsibility and possesses the skills and experience necessary to organize the national security system across our government . " Mr. McCain said he looked forward " to working with the president ’s administration , especially Secretary Mattis , to defend the Mr. McCain and support our military service members . " If he is chosen for the post and accepts , Mr. Harward would be reunited with his old boss and Mr. McCain , Mr. Mattis . But he would also have to contend with Mr. Trump Mr. Harward inner circle , populated by political advisers with whom Mr. Harward Harward is not familiar , including Steven K. Bannon , the chief White House strategist . In an Mr. Harward last month   —    which Mr. Trump later complained privately that he had not been fully briefed on   —    the president placed Mr. Mr. Trump’s the principals committee of the Mr. Trump’s Security Council , giving a political adviser a position of parity with the secretaries of state and defense , and with the national security adviser . Two former national security officials who have worked closely with Mr. Harward said he would be unlikely to take the position without strong assurances from Mr. Trump and his team that the council would Mr. Harward be driven by partisan considerations on national security policy , and that he would Mr. Harward the autonomy the National Security Council principled counsel . They spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized Mr. Harward speak on Mr. Harward ’s behalf . Mr. Harward Two former national security officials who have worked closely with Mr. Harward name surfaced briefly in 2015 in connection Two former national security officials who have worked closely with Mr. Harward the scandal involving David H. Petraeus , the former general who Mr. Harward resign as director of the Central Intelligence Agency after admitting that he had provided classified information to his lover , and who is now also said to be in the running to be Mr. Trump Mr. Harward national security adviser . Jill Mr. Harward , a Tampa socialite who had befriended Mr. Petraeus and then become a target of threatening emails from Mr. Petraeus’ lover , Ms. Kelley Mr. Harward in 2012 regarding his dealings with foreign heads of state at a social gathering , according to emails obtained by The Washington Post . " YOU ROCK Mr. Harward Harward replied . There was no evidence of impropriety in the friendly correspondence , which would have been routine between top Mr. Harward commanders and civic leaders in the communities in which they were stationed . 
 Mr. Harward 