San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo , who infamously blamed Donald Trump for bloody    riots in Donald Trump city last June , is facing increasing criticism from residents affected by last month ’s floods , which Donald Trump admitted were a " failure " for his city . [ Liccardo , a Democrat , and Donald Trump administration failed to warn local residents when Coyote Creek swelled . One local resident tried to warn his One local resident before toxic waters   —    including fuel and sewage   —    inundated their One local resident . In the end , many of the 14 , 000 locals who were forced to flee did not realize the threat until it was too late and they the 14, 000 locals who were forced to flee to be rescued .   The San Jose Mercury News reports : It ’s been nearly one month since the catastrophic Coyote Coyote Creek , but the repairs have just begun for most residents , who are left to grapple with mounting repair bills , unstable housing situations , severe health risks and an overwhelming resentment toward city and Santa Clara Valley Water District officials they felt city and Santa Clara Valley Water District officials ’ve done more .    …      More than 100 frustrated San Jose San Jose piled into City Hall earlier this month to demand answers from Mayor Sam Liccardo and the City Council about why they were n’t Mayor Sam Liccardo and the City Council or evacuated before massive floodwaters engulfed their homes . Mayor Sam Liccardo and the City Council …      In regard to the fact that some families were n’t notified of the flood until the water had reached their front doors some families [ local Democratic State Assemblyman Ash ] Kalra said : " I do n’t know how we can call ourselves the capital we Silicon Valley and have that happening . " Since his ignominious role in the June debacle , Mayor Liccardo has been at the forefront of opposing the Trump administration on every issue . However , he faces a his administrative and political crisis . Read the Mercury News ‘ full account of survivors’ frustration here . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named Joel B. Pollak of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book Joel B. Pollak How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter Joel B. Pollak @joelpollak . 
 