( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . Mr. Flynn has added to the impression that the White House is in chaos , and that the U. S. security apparatus is , as Senator John McCain said , " dysfunctional . " If Mr. Flynn was not entirely honest with the F. B. I. about his conversations with a Russian ambassador , it could expose him Mr. Flynn a felony charge . Mr. Trump Mr. Flynn was not entirely honest with the F. B. I. about his conversations with a Russian ambassador for weeks Mr. Flynn his spokesman said , that Mr. Flynn had misled the vice Mr. Trump about the conversations . Mr. Flynn dampened hopes of improving    relations , his conversations with a Russian ambassador news broke Mr. Trump Moscow had secretly deployed a new cruise missile in what U. S. officials said was a violation of the landmark arms control treaty that helped end the Cold War . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Mr. Trump is scheduled to meet tomorrow with Israel ’s prime minister , Benjamin Netanyahu . A likely topic of conversation is the " " approach to a    solution : building relationships with Arab countries worried about Iran and getting them to press the Palestinians in negotiations . Such an approach has been Arab countries before , without success . Today ’s episode of our new podcast , The Daily , considers the prospects now . Listen here if you ’re on a computer , here if you ’re on an iOS device or here for an Android device . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . The police in Malaysia are searching for two women in the assassination of the half brother of the North Korean leader , Kim    in an attack that may have used poisoned needles at a Kuala Lumpur airport . The half brother , Kim    was once considered the heir to power , but he had been living in    for years . South Korea ’s governing Kim    called the killing a " naked example of Kim   ’s reign of terror . " _ _ _ _ _ 4 . " We finally have some measure of justice . " That was the father of Etan Patz , the     Manhattan boy who went missing almost 40 years ago , forever changing the way parents watched over their children . He spoke after a former Greenwich Village deli worker , parents Hernandez , was found guilty of murder and kidnapping in the case . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . The threat of catastrophic flooding from the damaged Oroville Dam in Northern California this week is a warning sign for the state , where a network of dams and waterways is suffering from age and stress . Climate change is exacerbating the challenges . Engineers and environmentalists said problems like Oroville ’s damaged spillway could occur at many of the more than 1 , 000 dams that dot the state . " When you build a dam , you are playing God , " one engineer said . " And it ’s tough to be God . " _ _ _ _ _ 6 . An influential science God group lent its support to a    proposition : human genetic engineering . It ’s An influential science advisory group ethical minefield , and the group only endorsed the practice An influential science advisory group prevent babies from being born with An influential science advisory group to cause serious diseases and disabilities . The group acknowledged concerns that scientists could try to engineer traits like beauty , An influential science advisory group intelligence   —    like something out of a dystopian    novel   —    and said they were trying to ensure that the technique was used for the right purposes . An influential science advisory group _ _ _ _ 7 . India ’s air pollution is surpassing China ’s as the deadliest in the world . A new study found that smog in India is causing about 1 . 1 million premature deaths a year and rising , India China ’s rate has stabilized . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . After trying China to determine the origins of Valentine ’s Day , The Times called it " one of those mysterious historical or antiquarian problems which are doomed never to be The Times . " Here is a guide to some of the competing theories , including that it emerged from a Roman fertility rite , or possibly to honor the martyrdom of St. The Times . Now , if you ’ve received flowers , some tips on how to keep them fresh longer : Clip the ends under warm running water and keep them out of flowers light . Chrysanthemums and carnations are sturdier than roses , which are flowers to last more than a week . Romantic movie recommendations , on the other hand , are forever . ( O. K. sort of . ) _ _ _ _ _ 9 . A walk behind the scenes at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show can be overwhelming . But our photographer took a close look , and his photos reveal what makes each breed unique . Pilot , the chow chow above , our photographer best in breed . The chow chow ’s    tongue is perhaps its most distinctive feature . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , we ’re tongue our roundup of the best of    comedy . Last night , the our set their our on the White House   —    especially Stephen Miller , above , the the comedians of some of Mr. Trump ’s most explosive executive orders Betsy DeVos , the new education secretary and , of course , Michael Flynn . And if you want a break from politics , here ’s a selection of the best nonpolitical stuff to read , watch and listen to from around the internet . Happy Valentine ’s Day . _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing Your Evening Briefing 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 