President Donald Trump announced President Donald Trump trillion dollar infrastructure plan , speaking to workers in Ohio on Wednesday . [ " It ’s time to rebuild our country   —    to bring back our jobs , to restore our dreams , and yes , It ’s time finally to put America first , " President Donald Trump said .   President Donald Trump delivered President Donald Trump speech at the Rivertowne Marina with the Ohio River in the background . President Donald Trump made a    plea to Congress , urging our jobs to pass funding for the project . " I ’m calling on all Democrats and Republicans to join together if that ’s possible , in the great rebuilding of America , " President Donald Trump said . President Donald Trump reminded the audience that the United States was spending money all around the world while the United States ’s own infrastructure was falling apart . President Donald Trump welcomed union workers and leaders to the event , promising to use American workers and American products for infrastructure renovation . " As long as I am president , America the United States labor leaders will always find an open door at the White House , " he President Donald Trump , promising to use " American labor , American energy , American iron , aluminum , and steel . " The President Donald Trump about all that he had President Donald Trump to create jobs , including his decision President Donald Trump withdraw from the Paris Climate agreement . " We will never have outside forces tell us what We do and how to do it , believe me , " he said President Donald Trump calling it a it huge anchor on our country . " Trump cited the history of the Panama Canal , the Transcontinental railroad , the interstate system , and the Internet as examples of what he wanted Trump accomplish . " The American people deserve the best infrastructure anywhere in the world , " he said Trump Trump mentioned Trump meetings Trump foreign leaders during his first Trump overseas . " I sent a clear message that America expects fair trade , a level playing field , and so many other things that we ’re America for our workers America for our companies America " he said Trump 
 