U. N. Ambassador Nikki Haley said Monday that " all options are on the table " when it comes to North Korea , and warned the dictatorship not to " give us a reason " to fight . [ U. N. Ambassador Nikki Haley made the remarks in an interview with NBC ’s Today show as U. N. Ambassador Nikki Haley toured Jordan and Turkey in U. N. Ambassador Nikki Haley first international tour , in which is U. N. Ambassador Nikki Haley is focusing on the humanitarian response to the Syrian refugee crisis .   Following recent missile tests by North Korea , U. N. Ambassador Nikki Haley was asked when it becomes time to try a new tactic with the rogue regime . " We ’re doing that now in terms of getting another [ U. N. ] resolution together , looking at sanctions and how We ’re going to continue to force another [U. N.] resolution together because this is the same movie that keeps playing , " U. N. Ambassador Nikki Haley said . " All options are on the table , " U. N. Ambassador Nikki Haley said . " That means We have made it very clear We do n’t want to start a fight , so do n’t give We a reason to have one . " Haley has become known for U. N. Ambassador Nikki Haley tough rhetoric against rogue regimes , warning the U. N. Security Council in April that the U. S. was prepared to act alone against Syria in the wake of a chemical weapons attack by President Bashar   . A few days later , President Trump ordered airstrikes against the Assad regime . In the interview Monday , Haley discussed the implications of a Washington Post report claiming President Trump shared classified intelligence with the Russians . Haley Haley she Haley been reassuring allies that sensitive information is safe in U. S. hands . " So much of what I do at the United Nations is based on sensitive information , so much of what a lot of the Cabinet members , what they the Cabinet members is based on sensitive information , " she Haley when asked about the report . " So we ’re trying to reassure all of our we that what they the Cabinet members us we kept , trusted , and valued , and we we return the favor . " Haley also welcomed the appointment of former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special prosecutor to oversee the investigation into alleged Russian interference in the presidential election , saying it was a way of clearing up the allegations and letting the administration get back to work . " I think we we need the the investigation into alleged Russian interference in the presidential election " she Haley . " I think that all these questions need to be answered so that the administration the administration back to work . " Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York . Follow Adam on Twitter Adam Shaw @AdamShawNY 
 