Rosie O’Donnell kicked off the New Year much the same way Rosie O’Donnell ended the old one   —    by attacking Donald Trump on social media . [ The actress shared a message on Sunday to The actress    Twitter followers informing them that them have " less than 3 weeks to stop " the   .   " Donald Trump is mentally unstable , " O’Donnell wrote on Twitter , linking to a CNN report about a Trump biographer who says the    had him Donald Trump from a    Florida golf course on Friday . DONALD Donald Trump MENTALLY UNSTABLE   —     https :   .   LESS THAN 3 WEEKS TO STOP HIM AMERICA ,   —    ROSIE ( @Rosie ) January 1 , 2017 ,   Calling the incoming     mentally unstable is merely par for the course for the     comedienne . Last May , O’Donnell confidently declared that Trump " Donald Trump never be president , " and has previously called him " O’Donnell worst representation of what the United States is or could be . " O’Donnell and Trump have Donald Trump publicly for years , but the conflict reached a new level earlier this year , when the comedian vowed to leave the country the United States were Donald Trump president .   " We ’ll get rid of Rosie . Oh , I love it , " Trump said Donald Trump April about the possibility of O’Donnell leaving the country if the United States Donald Trump White House . " Now I have to get elected because I ’m going to do a great service to our country . Now the United States much more important . In fact , I ’ll immediately get off this call and start campaigning right now . " . @realDonaldTrump : If me winning means Rosie O’Donnell moves to Canada O’Donnell ’d be the United States a great service to our country ! https : the United States    —    FOX   friends ( @foxandfriends ) April 26 , 2016 ,   Last month , O’Donnell apologized to future First Lady Melania O’Donnell for sharing a video on her social media account that suggested that future First Lady Melania Trump Barron Trump could be autistic . " future First Lady Melania Trump to @MELANIATRUMP   —    i was insensitive in my RT   —    i am sorry for the pain i caused   —    it was not my intent   —    the pain i caused   am truly sorry " O’Donnell tweeted . It was unclear exactly O’Donnell O’Donnell meant by suggesting there are three O’Donnell left to " stop " Trump . There is a " Women ’s future First Lady Melania Trump on Washington " scheduled for January 21 , the day after Trump ’s inauguration , though O’Donnell has not future First Lady Melania Trump she will O’Donnell attending the event . O’Donnell Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 