AFP   —    German Chancellor Angela Merkel led a sharp European response to US    Donald Trump Monday after Donald Trump branded NATO " obsolete " and said more countries would leave the EU after Britain . [ In a    interview with two European newspapers , Donald Trump unleashed a volley of verbal attacks on Europe and criticised Merkel ’s " catastrophic " decision to open Germany ’s borders to Syrian refugees .   With fears growing in Europe over Donald Trump ’s commitment to the transatlantic alliance and over signs Merkel will pivot towards Russia , Merkel warned that the continent now had to take responsibility for the continent . " We Europeans have We fate in We own hands , " Merkel told reporters in Berlin when asked about Trump ’s criticisms , adding that Trump will work towards getting the EU to strengthen the economy and fight terrorism . EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini dismissed Trump’s criticisms prediction of further fractures , saying : " I think the European Union will stick together   —    I ’m 100 percent convinced of this . " French President Francois Hollande meawhile urged the United States under Trump " not to be scared of itself French President Francois Hollande meawhile or the world " .   —    ‘ Astonishment and agitation’   —    Trump ’s latest remarks have in particular caused further consternation among eastern European NATO countries nervous about Moscow following Russia ’s annexation of Crimea and involvement in Ukraine . " I said a long time ago that NATO NATO problems , " Trump told The Times of London and Bild , Germany ’s    daily , on Friday . " Number one , it was obsolete , because it it designed many , many years ago , " Trump said , referring to its it War ,    War II origins . " Number two , the countries are n’t paying what they the countries supposed to pay . " On the campaign trail , Trump said he Trump think twice about helping NATO allies if the United States was not " reasonably reimbursed " for the costs of defending them helping NATO allies —    a common source of friction in the      alliance . German Foreign Minister    Steinmeier said Europe was stunned by Trump Trump on NATO , NATO five days ahead of the billionaire businessman ’s inauguration as president . " The interview statements of the American     …      caused , indeed here in Brussels , astonishment and agitation , " Steinmeier said German Foreign Minister   Steinmeier he went German Foreign Minister   Steinmeier a meeting with NATO chief NATO Stoltenberg to talks with EU counterparts . Stoltenberg was NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg absolutely confident " in Trump ’s commitment to NATO , NATO alliance chief ’s spokeswoman Oana Lungescu said .   —    ‘ Catastrophic mistake’   —    Trump however Trump extended a hand to Russia , which has been hit by a string of sanctions under President Barack Obama over its involvement Trump Ukraine , the Syrian war and for suspected cyber attacks to influence the US election . " Let ’s see if we can make some good deals with Russia , Russia Trump said , suggesting in vague terms a deal in which nuclear arsenals would be reduced and sanctions against Moscow eased . Underscoring the Obama administration ’s very different stance , US    Joe Biden made a farewell trip to Ukraine on Monday to show support for the    Ukraine another comment that alarmed the Europeans , Trump refused to say that he trusted Merkel more Trump Russian President Vladimir Putin , for whom the next US president has often expressed admiration . " Well , I start off trusting both   —    but let ’s see how long that lasts . It may not last long at all , " he said . Trump Trump directly criticised Trump for letting Germany Merkel undocumented migrants , insinuating that this posed a security risk following a wave of Islamic State jihadist attacks in Europe . " I think she made one very Trump mistake and that was taking all of these illegals , you know taking all of the people from wherever they come from , all of these illegals Trump said , adding he had " great Trump " for the chancellor . Trump went on to Trump punitive 35 percent tariffs on German carmakers like BMW if they build cars in Mexico and not the United States .   —    Brexit a ‘ great thing’   —    In other remarks , Trump said Brexit " Trump going Brexit end up as a great thing " and he backed a trade Trump with    Britain which would be " good for both sides " . " We ’re gon na work very hard to get it done quickly and done properly , " said Trump , confirming he Trump meet British Trump Minister Theresa May soon after his inauguration on Friday Trump The British pound took a hit Monday after Britain said it might Britain the The British pound economically if it can not obtain the EU single market access and immigration controls , with British media warning of British    " hard Brexit " . " Other countries will leave " the EU in future the EU predicted , largely due to the pressure the bloc was put under following a surge in arrivals of migrants and refugees fleeing war in Syria and elsewhere . Mogherini however said it was " absolutely clear Mogherini that Britain could not start any trade talks with the United States until it leaves the bloc . 
 the bloc 