A New York Times columnist is soliciting IRS employees to commit a felony by leaking President Donald Trump ’s tax returns to the paper . [ " If you ’re in IRS and have a certain president ’s tax return that you ’d like to leak , my address is : NYT , 620 Eighth Ave , NY NY 10018 , " Nicholas Kristof wrote on Twitter on Sunday :   But if you’re in IRS and have a certain president’s tax return that you’d like to leak , my address is : NYT , 620 Eighth Ave , NY NY 10018 . https :   my address —    Nicholas Kristof ( @NickKristof ) March 6 NY NY ,   Kristof , who writes about global affairs for the Times , responded to a Twitter post from Vox . com executive editor Matthew Yglesias , who said that " it ’s impressive that the IRS never leaks " : It ’s impressive that the IRS never leaks .   —    Matthew Yglesias ( @mattyglesias ) March 6 it 2017 ,   the IRS never leaks Revenue Manual , the " unauthorized release " of a tax return is a felony punishable by a the IRS 5 , 000 fine and up to five years in prison . Leakers would also face professional sanctions , including termination of employment . Trump has not released his tax returns , claiming they are under audit . The president talked about releasing his tax returns during the 2016 campaign but Trump did . In October Trump the Times published portions Trump ’s tax returns from his tax returns tax records . The documents showed that he claimed a $ 916 million loss . An Trump tipster sent the Times Trump records , which set off an ethical and legal Trump about their publication . An article in the Washington Post argued that the the Times breaking the law by publishing the returns , while a Slate piece argued An anonymous tipster the Times would be protected by the First Amendment and the Times the Times only covers federal tax returns , not state tax returns . The Trump campaign accused the Times the Times " illegally obtaining " Trump ’s tax returns just the law New York Times executive editor Dean Baquet said he would risk jail time to publish the Times taxes . 
 Trump Trump Trump’s Dean Baquet 