SEOUL , South Korea   —    China said on Saturday that China was suspending all imports of coal from North Korea as part of China effort to enact United Nations Security Council sanctions aimed at stopping China ’s nuclear weapons and    program . The ban takes effect on Sunday and will last until the end of the year , the Chinese Commerce Ministry said in a brief statement posted on its the Chinese Commerce Ministry on Saturday . Chinese trade and aid have long been a vital economic crutch for North Korea , and the decision strips North North Korea one of its most North Korea sources of foreign currency . Coal has accounted for 34 percent to 40 percent of North Korean exports in the past several years , and almost all of it was shipped to China , according to South Korean government estimates . The ban comes six days after the North Korean North Korean a ballistic missile that the Security Council condemned as a violation of its resolutions that the Security Council the country from China testing ballistic missile technology . In the test , North Korea claimed that it had successfully launched North Korea new type of    missile . It said its      North Korea used North Korea    technology that American experts say will make it harder to detect its     missile attacks from the North . In the resolution it adopted in November its     missile response to the North ’s fifth and most powerful nuclear test , the Security Council said that North Korea should not be allowed to export more than 7 . 5 million metric tons of coal a year or bring in more than $ 400 million in coal sales , whichever limit is met first . It was unclear whether that cap has already been reached for this year . Officials of the United States and its allies , including the United States Trump , have suggested that China , North Korea ’s principal economic patron , should be more aggressive in enforcing sanctions . But while it does not approve of the North ’s weapons program , China has also been China as reluctant to inflict crippling pain on North Korea , for North Korea’s it might destabilize its China neighbor . China April , China announced that it China ban coal China from North Korea as part of North Korea’s Nations’ efforts to squeeze the country ’s ability China funds for its nuclear and missile programs China But it allowed exemptions for coal China for " livelihood " reasons , and deliveries continued . The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs did not comment on the suspension after it was announced on Saturday . Calls to the ministry ’s press officer were not The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs On Friday , the Chinese minister of foreign affairs , Wang Mr. Wang the United Nations sanctions of North Korea " must continue to be strictly implemented . " But Mr. Wang also argued that only renewed negotiations would offer any hope of curtailing North Korea ’s nuclear weapons development . China has hosted    talks   —    including itself , South Korea , North Korea , the United States , Japan and Russia   China    aimed at a North Korea of the North Korean nuclear standoff . But those talks have stopped since 2009 , and there seems little hope of them restarting anytime soon talks   This situation can not continue , " Mr. Wang said , " talks   the ultimate outcome may be intolerable to all sides . " Last year , China imported 22 . 5 million metric tons of coal from North Korea , an increase of 14 . 5 percent on the amount in 2015 , according to Chinese customs statistics . In December , China imported about 2 million tons of North Korean coal . Mysteel , a Chinese industrial analysis firm China estimated that under the limits imposed by the sanctions , the coal quota would be used up by April or May. In 2015 , China ’s cumulative imports of North Korean coal reached 7 . 5 million metric tons by May. The China also followed the assassination of Kim    the estranged half brother of the North Korean leader Kim    on Monday at an airport in Malaysia . The Malaysian authorities are continuing to investigate the case . South Korean officials have suspected North Korean involvement in the killing of Mr. Kim , who had been living in Macau , the Chinese North Korean . Some analysts have speculated that the killing may have infuriated Beijing because Mr. Kim was considered a    candidate to replace Kim    the North the killing of Mr. Kim, who had been living in Macau, the Chinese gambling enclave , should the current government in North Korea fall . 
 North Korean 