UNITED NATIONS   —      hours after President Trump swatted away at a broad international consensus on how to achieve peace between Israelis and Palestinians , President Trump UNITED NATIONS envoy sought to assure the world on Thursday that his President Trump supports Palestinian statehood but wants a " thinking out of the box " approach . " We absolutely support a    solution , " the American ambassador , Nikki R. Haley , said in answer to a question after a United Nations Security Council meeting devoted to the    conflict . " But we are thinking out of the the box well , which is   —    what does it take to bring these two sides to the table , what do we need we have them agree these two sides ? " she said . She said she about what that approach would be , nor did she go she further in revealing a coherent picture of United States policy on the conflict the   conflict of the most intractable in the world . The day before , Mr. Trump hinted at a new regional effort aimed at bringing the two sides together , but he said he Mr. Trump not Mr. Trump on the creation of a Palestinian state . " I ’m looking at    and " he said . Mr. Trump I like the one that both parties like . " Both Ms. Haley ’s and Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump in sharp contrast with warnings from other diplomats , including the United Nations envoy entrusted to help the two sides find a path out of their long , bitter the two sides . " The    solution remains the only way to achieve the legitimate national aspirations of both peoples , " the envoy , Nickolay E. Mladenov , told the Security Council earlier in the day . " Israel can take the necessary step to stop settlement expansion and construction in order to preserve this prospect , while the Palestinian leadership can demonstrate their commitment to tackling the Palestinian leadership challenges of violence and incitement on their side , " the Palestinian leadership Mladenov said . Speaking in Egypt the day before , Mr. Mladenov ’s boss Mr. Mladenov United Nations secretary general , António Guterres , said , " There is no Plan B to the situation between Palestinians and Israelis but a    solution . " The Swedish ambassador , Olof Skoog , told reporters on his way into the Security Mr. Mladenov meeting on Thursday , " It ’s very dangerous to move away from the    solution idea , especially before you have something viable as an alternative . " France ’s ambassador , François Delattre , said the risks were too high . " Should the prospect of a    solution disappear as a mirage in the desert , then that would be an open door to more extremism and more terrorism , " he said . Ms. Haley France’s ambassador, François Delattre who has been on the job for less than a month , used her remarks to the news media mostly to harshly criticize the United Nations as a whole for what she called its "   her . the United Nations Palestinians have accused the Trump administration of the opposite . The United States objected last Friday to the appointment of a former Palestinian prime minister , Salam Fayyad , as the secretary general ’s envoy to Libya . The Palestinian ambassador , Riyad Mansour , said on Thursday that Mr. Fayyad had been rejected " simply because he was a Palestinian . Mr. Fayyad Ms. Haley also suggested that it was unnecessary and counterproductive for the United Nations Security Council to hold monthly meetings on the    conflict   —    or in her words , " obsess Ms. Haley Israel . " In fact , the Council has three meetings the United Nations Security Council every month , one on Yemen as well as regular briefings on every United Nations mission , from Afghanistan to South Sudan , plus briefings on the impact of Security Council sanctions on countries such the United Nations Security Council Korea and Iran . 
 