TEL AVIV   —    Ahead of the Arab League Summit later this month , foreign ministers of member states gathered in Cairo on Sunday and Monday to discuss how to prevent President Donald Trump from going through with President Donald Trump promise to move the embassy from TEL AVIV to Jerusalem , the Hebrew news site nrg reported . [ The " Palestinian issue , " along with the embassy move to " occupied Jerusalem , " were among 28 items on the agenda , according to a press release from the Arab League ’s Deputy    Ahmed Bin Hali .   In January , the the Arab League’s    for Palestinian Palestinian Said Abu Ali urged Trump to " reconsider " the embassy move or else the U. S. will be in danger of losing its status " the U. S. an objective sponsor of the peace process . " Bin Hali said the Arab League’s Deputy   Ahmed Bin Hali item to be discussed by representatives of member states is the " Arab League ’s plan to curb the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction in the Middle East . " He added that ahead the Arab League’s Deputy   Ahmed Bin Hali the summit in Jordan on March 23 , the representatives will discuss representatives of member states spreading in the Arab world , and the role of Turkey and Iran in regional conflicts . Bin Hali also told the Arab League’s Deputy   Ahmed Bin Hali Iran ’s meddling in other states’ Iran must be stopped and that the member states of the Arab League must view this , as well as Tehran ’s nuclear aspirations , as a shared interest . According to Bin Hali , the lack the Arab League’s Deputy   Ahmed Bin Hali " unified stance " on the part of Arab world was its biggest problem . He said that despite efforts to the Arab League’s Deputy   Ahmed Bin Hali end , " there are still Arab officials who remain divisive and who seek to provoke tension in relations between Arab states . " " We are all in the same boat . We are all affected by the regional We issues and therefore we must work towards resolving our internal We , " he added We 
 the Arab League’s Deputy   Ahmed Bin Hali 