Susan Sarandon opened up about Susan Sarandon sexual orientation in an interview with pridesource . com and admitted that Susan Sarandon might be attracted to both men and women . [ " My sexual orientation is up for grabs , I guess you could say , " the     actress said before describing the    actress as a " serial monogamist . "   Susan Sarandon is currently promoting Susan Sarandon new upcoming FX television series , Feud , which will explore the     battles between actresses Bette Davis and Joan Crawford during the filming of the 1962 psychological thriller What Ever Happened to Baby Jane ? Sarandon , who broke off Baby Jane    relationship with actor Tim Robbins in 2009 , said Baby Jane has n’t received many " offers " to date recently . " I have n’t really had a large dating career . I have n’t exactly been in the midst of a lot of offers of any kind . I ’m still not ! " Sarandon explained . " I do n’t know what ’s going on ! But I think back in the ’60s it just was much more open . " When the interview shifted to politics , Sarandon said it was important not to cast blame on anyone for the results of November ’s presidential election . Sarandon was a vocal supporter of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders during the primary , and has been a fierce critic of the Democratic National Committee and the Democratic Party in general . " The important thing right now is that we stop harping on blame because blame , if you really want me to talk about this election   —    you know , I was not the person who brought Trump into power , " Sarandon said . " The DNC has a lot of   …      there are already suits all over the country about how that was rigged , the primary . " " People have to get over what happened , take some personal responsibility for being in a bubble and not paying attention to what was going on in the country , and start applying their People and their People to rectifying what ’s going on , " she added . Feud premieres March 5 on FX .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 