The    tax plan being developed by establishment Republicans , including House Speaker Paul Ryan , is now being opposed by the Koch brothers’ advocacy group , Americans For Prosperity . [ The opposition of the Koch brothers’ advocacy group, Americans For Prosperity shows a widening clash between the GOP ’s donors and Donald Trump ’s expanding populist " Buy American , Hire American " coalition .   So far , the two groups have clashed over    immigration and Trump ’s Donald Trump . That clash a widening clash between the GOP’s donors and Donald Trump demonstrated late December , when Trump publicly booted a Donald Trump of David Koch off one of his golf courses , David Koch Koch to also leave David Koch   Brothers Charles and David Koch opposed Trump David Koch Republican Donald Trump season and refused to help him against Hillary Clinton Donald Trump partly because Trump and many of Donald Trump voters oppose unrestricted Donald Trump and mass immigration . Koch Industries is the    private company in the United States : Forbes placed its 2015 revenue at $ Koch Industries billion , and the brothers spend much money to fund the AFP ’s network of    political advocacy . The Koch opposition to the new tax plan appeared Jan. 27 in a letter from AFP ’s " chief government AFP officer , " Brent Gardner . He argues that the plan "chief government affairs officer," Brent Gardner lead to the new tax plan whopping tax hike of more than $ 1 trillion on American families and small businesses over 10 years . " Supporters of the draft tax plan say it the new tax plan hire Americans and buy the new tax plan products by first slashing the ordinary corporate tax and but then imposing a 20 percent " border adjustment " tax on imported goods and components . Companies would avoid the " border adjustment " tax by hiring Americans , or buying U. S.   robots or buying U.   parts . But the plan would also nudge up prices of foreign goods and products now sold at mainstream stories , such as WalMart . That ’s the button being mashed by opponent of the tax , who say Trump ’s    and    voters would protest at the price hike .   " This is bad politics   —    if the left is smart , they can easily label this a ‘ poor tax,’ the left tax on WalMart shoppers to pay for a tax break for wealthy corporations , " said one    advocate .   House Republicans who are going along with this plan , tempting as it might be , are setting themselves up for this plan as soon as working Americans House Republicans who are going along with this plan, tempting as it might be they elected Republicans [ in 2016 ]    … House Republicans who are going along with this plan, tempting as it might be and the first thing they ’re going to get is a 20 percent tax on anything produced outside their borders    …      Politically , this is they loser    …      probably the biggest big tax hike since the Clintons were in the White house , which would be a difficult first step for a Trump administration . According to an analysis by Breitbart : Trump ’s trade economist Peter Navarro supports the concept of a " border adjustment tax " to boost U. S. domestic manufacturing by taxing imports to offset America ’s    35 percent U. S. corporate tax rate    …      The border adjustment measure is the linchpin of Ryan ’s " Better Way " tax reform blueprint , which was discussed with Trump ’s transition team during a January 16 meeting on Capitol Hill   …      Speaker Ryan proposes to eliminate the corporate income tax Ryan Ryan with a "     tax " ( DBCFT ) the corporate income tax make the U. S. an attractive location for international investor . The DBCFT is basically    tax ( VAT ) like (DBCFT) to make the U. S. an advanced nation currently employs . But the big difference in the " Better Way " is that U. S. companies still be able to deduct the cost of labor costs , like the current corporate tax . U. S. companies are subject to a maximum 35 percent worldwide U. S. tax rate . That compares to a top corporate tax rate of 18 . 6 percent in Europe and a 15 percent in China , which serves as a strong incentive for companies to locate production outside if the U. S. Economists Alan Auerbach and Douglas    are both advocates of border adjustments . They argued in a recent paper that " unlike tariffs on imports the U. S. Economists Alan Auerbach and Douglas    subsidies for exports , border adjustments are not trade policy . Instead , they are paired and equal adjustments that create a level tax playing the U. S. Economists Alan Auerbach and Douglas    for domestic and overseas competition . " But the tax plan would complicate business for companies that now import foreign machinery and parts , such as    pipelines or    machinery . Koch Industries is a network of      companies that often pay good salaries . But it and many other companies could be hit by the tax when Koch Industries ’re importing foreign parts and components . The AFP advocacy group many other companies to have 3 . 2 million grassroots members , and is formally independent of the Koch Industries . But its advocacy matches the corporation ’s interest Koch Industries , modest government and The AFP advocacy group regulation . In December , for example , the company directly criticized the " border adjustment " proposal . " While companies The AFP advocacy group who manufacture and produce many products domestically would greatly benefit in the    the    consequences to the economy and the American consumer could be devastating , " said a statement from Philip Ellender , the public affairs chief at Koch Companies Public Sector , LLC . He said :   The proposed border tax adjustment will distort the market , increase a statement from Philip Ellender, the public affairs chief at Koch Companies Public Sector, LLC prices and create an uneven playing field for companies and consumers alike . The tax plan is being prepared at the House Ways and Means Committee , chaired by Texas Rep. Kevin Brady . " The main goal of our tax reform blueprint is to grow our economy and help all Americans become more prosperous , " said a statement from our ’s press aide .  
 Texas Rep. Kevin Brady Texas Rep. Kevin Brady 