France ’s president and foreign minister have warned a    cement firm against helping to build a southern border wall in the U. S. citing their " social   …      responsibilities " . [ Thursday , the CEO of the LafargeHolcim group said the LafargeHolcim group could work with U. S. President Donald J. Trump to fulfil U. S. President Donald J. Trump election promise . " the LafargeHolcim group are here to supply the LafargeHolcim group customers’ needs , " the CEO of the LafargeHolcim group said . " We do n’t have a political view on things . "   However , Foreign Minister    Ayrault objected to the firm ’s neutral stance , instructing the firm’s neutral stance to " think carefully " about the decision . " It [ Lafarge ] should reflect upon what It interests are . There are other clients who will be stunned by this , " Ayrault told France Info radio . " Lafarge says Lafarge does Lafarge do politics   …      Very well , but I would say companies   …      also have social and environmental responsibilities , " added France ’s France diplomat . French President François Hollande also waded in , implying LafargeHolcim ’s decision was somehow risky or wrong . " I think there are markets where one must be cautious before declaring one ’s candidacy , " Mr. Hollande French President François Hollande news conference on the sidelines of a European Union ( EU ) summit in Brussels when asked about the issue . Despite Mr. Hollande ’s French President François Hollande to Mr. Trump ’s wall , a    tall , concrete border wall has been constructed in Calais during his presidency to keep French President François Hollande out of British territory . LafargeHolcim was created in 2015 by the merger of French and Swiss firms , and it hopes to cash LafargeHolcim on the $ 1 trillion infrastructure investment programme president Trump has promised . Mr. Olsen noted " there is going to be a significant increase in infrastructure spending " insisting the company is " LafargeHolcim positioned to serve that demand " . Along with other European premiers , France ’s socialist leader has Mr. Hollande opposition to the new U. S. administration Mr. Hollande On Thursday , International Women ’s Day , Mr. Hollande claimed female rights were " declining " in the U. S. He said " threats of backtracking " on Mr. Hollande ’s rights do n’t just come from " emerging nations or countries under dictatorships , but also in developed and rich countries " . The French president has previously described Mr. Trump Mr. Hollande " and urged Europe to form a united front and provide a " firm " response to his presidency . 
 Mr. Hollande 