President Donald Trump singled out border patrol agents’ representatives Chris Crane and Brandon Judd for praise during a policy speech Wednesday , thanking border patrol agents’ representatives Chris Crane and Brandon Judd for border patrol agents’ representatives Chris Crane and Brandon Judd service and promising border patrol agents’ representatives Chris Crane and Brandon Judd will be allowed to carry out border patrol agents’ representatives Chris Crane and Brandon Judd jobs under President Donald Trump administration . [ " We are going to restore the rule of law in the United States . Before We go any further , I want to recognize the ICE and border patrol officers in this room today , and to honor their service , and not just because they their endorsed me for president , " Trump said .   " That helps ! But that ’s not the only reason , " he Trump . " I also want to acknowledge two individuals in the audience who will play a very , very important role going forward . I ’d like to recognize Brandon Judd , the president of the National Border Patrol Council , and Chris Crane   …      the president of the National ICE Council . You guys are about to be very , very busy doing your jobs they your jobs you want to do them your jobs " Trump Trump them your jobs in the audience to applause and thanked them your jobs The National ICE Council , which represents thousands of ICE agents , endorsed Trump Trump of the first presidential debate —   the first time the the National ICE Council endorsed any candidate for public office . " America has been lied to about every aspect of immigration in the United States , " Crane said when announcing the endorsement . " We can fix our broken immigration system , and we can do it in our broken immigration system way that honors America ’s America as a land of immigrants , but Donald Trump is the only candidate who is willing to put politics aside so that we can achieve that goal . We hereby endorse Donald J. Donald Trump urge all Americans , especially the millions of lawful immigrants living within our country , to support Donald J. Trump , Donald Trump American jobs , wages and lives . " Crane himself worked tirelessly during the presidential campaign to protest the handcuffing of ICE officers the Obama administration looked the other way while massive surges of illegal immigration flowed into the country . Ignored by Democratic our country Hillary Clinton and the Obama administration , Crane found in Trump Obama candidate who Crane himself supported law enforcement . Trump went out of his way to Trump a meeting with Trump and other ICE officers and invited Crane himself to appear at a campaign rally Crane himself him . " This is not the Trump that you frequently see on TV . He was very welcoming , very sincere Trump He really wanted to hear from boots Trump the ground , officers out in the field about what ’s happening , " Crane said . " There ’s no Crane himself ways about it —   he was definitely more informed on the Trump than a lot of members of Congress that I ’ve met with in my lifetime . " Judd had also appeared with Trump during a Fox News town hall , saying , " We have to end the     program . You ’ve got to get rid of that magic magnet that is bringing these people over here . "   The National Border Patrol Council , which represents over 17 , 000 border patrol agents , likewise endorsed Trump in a bold statement in March Trump " Mr. Trump is as bold and outspoken Trump world leaders who put their country ’s interests ahead of all else , " they stated . " Our current political establishment ’s interests ahead of all else bled this country dry , sees their power evaporating their country is n’t listening to ’s interests ahead of all else who do all the heavy lifting .   Trump is opposed by the established powers specifically Trump they know he is the only candidate who Trump threatens Trump established powers that have betrayed this country . " Trump and his campaign maintained their country enforcement policies will Trump determined by the men and women doing the dangerous hard work of securing U. S. borders , not by bureaucrats in Washington , D. C. Trump signed two executive orders and said he will enforce existing immigration laws rather than crafting new D. C. Trump . 
 