A bipartisan group of powerful senators is asking the man believed to have helped    Director James Comey leak Director James Comey infamous " let this go " memo to the media to produce his infamous "let this go" memo for them the media [ Senators Chuck Grassley ( ) Diane Feinstein ( ) Lindsey Graham ( ) and Sheldon Whitehouse ( )   —    the chairs and ranking Democrats of the Senate Judiciary Committee and its the Senate Judiciary Committee Security Subcommittee   —    sent a letter Thursday to Columbia Law Professor Daniel Richman demanding he Columbia Law Professor Daniel Richman them Lindsey Graham ( ) and Sheldon Whitehouse ( )  —   the chairs and ranking Democrats of the Senate Judiciary Committee and its National Security Subcommittee  —    the original memo he Columbia Law Professor Daniel Richman leaked to CNN on Comey ’s   .   The a letter the memo the original memo he supposedly leaked to CNN on Comey’s   to describe President Donald Trump telling Comey to go Comey on former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn , " relevant to the Judiciary Committee ’s ongoing investigative efforts . " The letter a letter all other memoranda Comey may have provided Comey and gave him only until midnight Comey . Breitbart News can not confirm if Richman complied with the Richman demands . Richman confirmed to multiple Richman outlets Thursday that he was the " Richman " whom Comey enlisted to leak Comey memo to the press . This ended speculation that began immediately after Comey admitted under oath Comey had leaked the Comey containing his account of conversations Comey himself and President Donald Comey . Comey claimed that his Comey in doing Comey , immediately after he was fired , Comey to force the appointment of a special counsel , which has now come to pass in the person of Comey ’s predecessor as Comey the FBI , Robert Mueller . Richman reportedly went into hiding Comey his name hit the national Comey and has not been seen in his Brooklyn neighborhood since . Comey disappearance from view as Comey request for the memo pends has raised questions about the memo , the validity of which Comey swore by in his Thursday testimony before the Comey Judiciary Committee . Sharyl Attkisson , reporter for Full Measure News , tweeted her skepticism in light of these developments , including Comey ’s own testimony that Comey longer has an original Comey himself : Seems strange that Comey wd give his memo to Comey to give Comey wd NYT but not give to Congress now says he has no copy https : Comey wd .    —    Sharyl Attkisson ( @SharylAttkisson ) June 9 , 2017 , 
 