Carter Page , the American oil industry consultant who was tangentially and briefly associated with Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign , is calling out U. S. officials who may have been behind " highly damaging leaks " about Donald Trump’s to the news media , alleging the leakers committed " felonies . " [ In a letter to the House Select Committee on Intelligence and a    email interview with Breitbart News , Page contended that "highly damaging leaks" about him come with a silver lining   —    Donald Trump’s charges that the episode will expose the Obama administration ’s use of false evidence to obtain a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court ( FISA ) warrant to monitor his personal communications .   In the exchange with this reporter , Page Page that " when the falsified FISA a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISA) against me are eventually revealed , the extent of illegal false evidence will show that there was never any probable cause but rather vindictive personal attacks used to justify the     regime ’s domestic political intelligence operation . " On April 11 , the Washington Post cited " law enforcement and other U. S. officials " stating that , as part of its investigation into alleged Russian collusion , the FBI obtained a secret FISA court order last summer to monitor Page ’s communications . The the Washington Post it was the Washington Post on leaked information , highlighting that the officials " spoke about the court order on the condition of anonymity because they were the officials authorized to discuss details of a counterintelligence probe . " The Post the Washington Post on the court order the court order on the condition of anonymity and the Justice Department obtained the warrant targeting Carter Page ’s communications after convincing a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court judge that there was probable cause to believe Page was acting as an agent of a foreign power , in this case Russia , according to the officials . The newspaper allowed that Page had not been accused Page any crimes . It reported that the FISA The newspaper renewed the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court Page more than once , according to Page officials . The U. S. government the officials responded to a Freedom of Information Act request from the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) seeking information on why Page was surveilled . Page himself has Page for public disclosure Page the justification for what he refers to as the " illegitimate " FISA warrant . In a letter that he wrote last week to the House Permanent he Committee on Intelligence , Page cites the Privacy Act of 1974 Page which includes provisions that " Grant individuals the right to seek amendment of agency records maintained on themselves upon a showing that the records are not accurate , relevant , timely or complete . " In April , CNN reported that the controversial    dossier on Trump compiled by a former British intelligence officer served as part of the FBI ’s justification for seeking the FISA court ’s approval to clandestinely monitor Page . In his testimony earlier this month before the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on FBI oversight ,    Director James B. Comey the FBI refused to answer questions about his agency ’s ties to the dossier , Director James B. Comey whether it was used in the Russia probe . his agency’s partially discredited dossier contains wild and unproven the dossier had information on Trump and sordid sexual acts , including the mocked claim that Trump hired prostitutes and had them urinate on a hotel room Trump . The document was prostitutes by former intelligence agent Christopher Steele , who was reportedly paid by Steele of his work still needed to be verified . The Steele document , which Page refers to as the " Dodgy Dossier , " makes the unsubstantiated claim that Steele met with Russian officials as an envoy for Steele Trump campaign to discuss policy issues and topics related to alleged Trump interference in the 2016 presidential election Page Page has steadfastly denied meeting any of the officials mentioned in Steele ’s dossier and he says he never served Russian an envoy for the Trump campaign . The Washington Post , meanwhile , cited " Trump S. officials " on the contents Steele the Steele court warrant application : Among other things , the application cited contacts that [ Page ] had with a Russian intelligence operative in New York City in 2013 , officials said . Those contacts had earlier the FISA court warrant application a federal espionage case brought by the Justice Department against the intelligence operative and two other Russian agents . In addition , the contacts that [Page] had with a Russian intelligence operative in New York City in 2013 Page had other contacts with Russian operatives that have not been publicly disclosed , officials said . That 2013 case resurfaced Russian news media reports on the FISA court warrant application when ABC News [Page] BuzzFeed both verified with Russian that he was the U. S. citizen identified as " " a federal espionage case brought by the Justice Department against the intelligence operative and two other Russian agents court filing regarding the case of three Russian men identified as Russian intelligence agents . The [Page] ring was accused of seeking information on U. S. sanctions as well as methods of developing alternate sources of energy . Russian filing references a Russian " working " as a consultant in New York City " and meeting with Victor Podobnyy , one of the accused Russian spies , who was posing as a 2015 court filing regarding the case of three Russian men identified as Russian intelligence agents with the Russian development bank Vneshecon ombank , which has a branch in New York . Page denies any wrongdoing and charges Russian the documents deliberately framed " " in a way that would easily identify him . The FBI court filings describe " the attempted use of    as an intelligence source for Russia , " but Page was not accused of having been successfully recruited or spying . The court document cites no evidence that " " knew he was talking with alleged Russian agents . Page cooperated with the Page probe , saying that he met with the agency at the Plaza Hotel in New York in June 2013 in support of the investigation . Page was never charged Page any crime rather FBI he says he was he as a witness . " Consistent with the politically motivated unmasking standards seen in the Obama administration which have recently Page exposed , my personal identity and earlier assistance he federal he in the 2015 case of USA v. Buryakov , Sporyshev and Podobnyy was framed in an easily identifiable way that amplified the reputational damage against me , " Page told ABC News . ‘ Damaging leaks’ The Post ’s article on the FISA court warrant followed a series of other stories on Page in the previous months citing anonymous sources , including a September story by Yahoo ! News chief correspondent Michael Isikoff , titled , " U. S. intel officials probe ties between Trump adviser Page Kremlin . " That story relied on multiple unnamed " sources who have been briefed on the issue " of Page and Russia . Those sources claimed that " U. S. intelligence officials are seeking to determine " whether Page " opened up private communications with senior Russian officials . " In his letter to the House committee multiple unnamed "sources who have been briefed on the issue" of Page and Russia zeroes on what he says are the " timed leaks of damaging material , Page particularly the Post story about the FISA warrant and other stories about him based on unnamed sources . Page writes in the letter his " Although several other crimes by the    regime during the 2016 election continue to become known over time , the possible leaks his classified information which took place Page to the his letter to the House committee ’s Intelligence Community Assessment of these matters have thus far included two specific felonies which directly relate to me as outlined in my response to this question . " Page was answering this broad question from the House committee : " What possible leaks of classified information took place related to the Intelligence Community Assessment of these matters ? " The two " felonies " that Page says were committed by leakers were the FISA warrant leaks and the framing of " " in court documents in a manner that he says was meant to " unmask " his name . Page told Breitbart News he believes the alleged leaks " may have been disclosed in order to stir up more unwarranted fear . " In testimony last Tuesday , former CIA Director John he affirmed that Page viewing all of Breitbart evidence that was available to him on the Russia probe he is not aware of any collusion between Russia and members of Donald Trump ’s 2016 presidential campaign . Page and campaign , Page ’s role in Trump ’s presidential campaign former CIA Director John Brennan long been seemingly exaggerated former CIA Director John Brennan the the news media In an interview with the Russia ’s editorial board the Washington Post , Trump briefly mentioned Page as a member of his foreign policy advisory team Donald Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks clarified that Page ’s role was " informal . " Page has been cited in various news media reports Trump Page " Page policy adviser " to Trump ’s campaign and a " Trump associate . " An article in the Page Page’s claimed he was a member of Trump ’s " inner circle . " In the letter to the House Intelligence Trump , Page states that he never met Trump and that he Page an " informal , unpaid campaign volunteer " and An article in the New Yorker Trump very junior member of the Trump movement who did n’t actually have any direct     discussions or meetings with our candidate Trump An article in the New Yorker Page charges that the news An article in the New Yorker the news media his relationship with Trump ’s presidential campaign in an effort to tarnish the U. S. president .   Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the Trump talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him Breitbart Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 