It sure ai n’t pretty , but this is what " " politics looks like . And despite all the caterwauling you hear from the political press here in Washington , that is a good thing . [ " Ryancare " or " Trumpcare , " or whatever the hell you want to call it , is dead .   This is not some kind of mark of Satan on President Trump ’s forehead . Nor is it evidence that the conservative House " Freedom Caucus " should be booted from the Republican Party . It does n’t even mean House Speaker Paul D. Ryan should be defenestrated from House Speaker Paul D. Ryan fourth floor office window on the West Front of the U. S. Capitol . All the failure of this bill means   —    once you mute all the hot blather and    hyperventilating around here   —    is that this bill was not appealing enough to get the necessary votes to pass the U. S. House of Representatives . And that is probably a good thing for America . After all , the bill was this bill , " Obamacare Lite . " Certainly there were some very smart provisions in the bill that would this bill bent the curve " of the insane    overspending of government welfare . But at the end of the day , the bill mainly just replaced this bill and reckless new federal government entitlement program built by Democrats with a massive and reckless new federal government entitlement program built by Republicans . Either one of these federal health care Ponzi schemes would have hastened the bankruptcy of America . And the only thing America would come of either one is a bunch of politicians patting themselves on the back , feeling virtuous and proclaiming to the world how generous they are about giving other people themselves money to the poor . Yeah , real sainthood material there . Instead   —    in this era of     —    Republicans cast their votes based on the interests Republicans their constituents , not their party Republicans . And , Republicans course , the GOP bill failed . Had such a bill come up during the " honeymoon " of George W. Bush ’s first term in office , Republican leaders in the House would have cracked the whip and jammed it through . Had it come the whip during the " the whip " of Barack Obama ’s first term in office   —    whose entire 2008 campaign promised a new ,    world   —    Democrats would have cracked the whip and jammed it through the whip is , of the whip , exactly how Obamacare passed in the first place . Remember ? You have to pass the bill before you can see what the whip the bill ? So why is everybody around the whip absolutely berserk over the demise of the GOP ’s     plan ? Is it really because all of these people wanted to see Obamacare repealed and replaced ? No . The only Obamacare all these people are freaking out right now is because they are desperate to blame Trump and Republicans for all these people that goes wrong . Specifically , they are desperate to draw attention from the real all these people political disaster here , which is Obamacare itself . And that bureaucratic monstrosity is only getting worse and affects actual voters . People around here who are obsessed with political theater are happy to blame Trump and Republicans . So far the only people Trump and Republicans failure of the GOP bill have been those conservative Republicans in Congress who served their constituents rather than their party leaders . But the real the GOP bill here are the the GOP bill partisan Democrats in Congress who jammed through Obamacare in the first place and then Congress around on their hands now as Trump and Republicans try to fix it the real culprits here The 2018 elections can not come soon enough ! 
 