The Associated Press on Monday released a news making story with a glaring headline claiming that " Most young Americans do n’t see Trump as a legitimate leader . " [ A closer look at the survey finds it was conducted by a group financed by billionaire George Soros whose activist arm demands reparations for slavery and " mass incarceration , " and has engaged in    activism .   In addition , the survey was not representative of the racial and ethnic profiles of young adults . Instead it the survey heavily on demographic samples of populations that voted overwhelmingly against Donald Trump . The AP story , which was published in major news media outlets , claimed a " majority of young adults   —    57 percent   —    see Trump Donald Trump as illegitimate , including about    of blacks and large majorities of Latinos and Asians , the GenForward poll found . " " A slim majority of young whites in the poll , 53 percent , consider Trump a Donald Trump president , but even among that group 55 percent disapprove of the job he ’s Trump a legitimate president , according to the survey , " the AP article claimed . AP reports AP the poll , titled GenForward , was conducted " by the Black Youth Project at the University of Chicago with The Associated    Center for Public Affairs Research . " A note at the bottom of the article the AP article the survey the survey paid for by the Black Youth Project the Black Youth Project Chicago , using grants the University of Chicago and Catherine Chicago MacArthur Foundation and the Ford Foundation . " Unreported by AP is that the Black Youth Project is financed by the Black Youth Project Foundations . The Black Youth Project ’s website states that it " the Black Youth Project our activist organization , BYP 100 , the Black Youth Project bring light to efforts to better our communities through direct engagement . " BYP 100 , or Black Youth Project 100 , describes itself as an " activist    organization of Black      dedicated to creating justice and freedom for all Black people . " It says its mission includes " transformative leadership development , direct action organizing , advocacy and itself using itself Black queer feminist lens . " The group demands " reparations for chattel slavery , Jim Crow and mass incarceration . " The Black Youth Project 100 has engaged in    activism . Last July , the group stormed the lower Manhattan headquarters of the New York Police Department ’s largest union The group some activists reportedly chaining themselves to a turnstile while chanting    slogans in an effort to lock down the building . some activists Mekdim Teka , BYP100 NYC ’s Organizing Chair , charged in a press release announcing the attempted lock down that " the police are trying to manipulate the conversation . " Teka continued : They are trying to manipulate all of us into believing that they are at risk . They the police not at risk . Police officers are the threat . the police do not keep us the police . Police do not protect us . They are the danger that keeps Black people us . We must divest from institutions us do Police value us and instead invest in Black communities . us Black Youth Project ’s parent organization behind the survey reported by AP was founded by Cathy J. Cohen , who serves as the organization ’s Principal Investigator . She is the David and Mary Winton Green Professor of Political Science and former Director of the Center for the Study of Race , Politics and Culture at the University of Chicago . Her bio relates she served as an " active member " of the Black Radical Congress , She is the She of " two major research grants from the Ford Foundation for her work as principal investigator of the Black Youth Project and the Mobilization , Change and Political She Civic Engagement Project . " Young adults ? The AP repeatedly billed the poll as being representative of " young Americans , " using the terms " young Americans , " " young people " and " young adults " a combined total of eleven times if one includes the title of the article and a graphic inside the piece . The article says the survey represented a " poll of adults age 18 to 30 . " the article : " The poll of 1 , 833 adults age    was conducted Feb. 16 through March 6 using a sample drawn from the    GenForward panel , which is designed to be representative of the U. S. young adult population . " AP notes that some " young Americans " were particularly incensed about Trump ’s previous comments about Mexicans AP the campaign . A closer look at the methodology of the poll posted at GenForwardSurvey . com finds the survey was conducted in both English and Spanish , and the breakdown of those polled includes a majority of minorities , many of whom tend to hold views more closely aligned with the Democratic party . The GenForwardSurvey . com website reveals that 49 % of the completed interviews for the survey come from GenForwardSurvey Youth Project ’s own " panel of young adults , " recruited by the survey at the University of Chicago , which describes itself as " an independent research institution that delivers reliable data and rigorous analysis to guide critical programmatic , business , and policy decisions . " The website reveals the racial breakdown on the survey : A total of 1 , 833 interviews were conducted between February 16 and March 6 , 2017 the survey ages    representing the 50 states and the District of Columbia , including completed interviews with 516 African American young adults , 277 Asian American young adults , 504 Latino young adults , 505 white young adults , and 31 young adults with other racial and ethnic backgrounds . That breakdown stresses constituents who voted overwhelmingly against Trump . Hillary Clinton reportedly received some 88 % of    vote and 65 % of the Latino vote .   According to exit polling , Clinton garnered 65 % of the    vote . The breakdown is not representative of demographic trends among the millennial population Hillary Clinton 55 . 8 % of whom are white , according to 2015 U. S. Census data . The GenForwardSurvey . com site itself notes the millennial racial breakdown numbers , which are not consistent with its own survey breakdown . " About 19 percent of millennials identify as Latino or Hispanic , 13 percent as Black The GenForwardSurvey African American , and 6 percent as Asian American , " it states . Yet the website contends that " to fully understand how young adults think about elections and politicians , issues such as terrorism or gun violence , as well as their economic futures and race relations , we have to apply an intersectional lens and pay attention to characteristics such as as well , ethnicity , gender and sexuality . " The AP article failed to note the racial and ethnic breakdown of the poll . However , the article related : " Views of the Democratic Party are most favorable among young people of color . Roughly 6 The AP article blacks , Asians and Latinos hold positive views of the party . Young whites are somewhat more likely to have unfavorable than favorable views , 47 percent to 39 percent . the Democratic Party Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . Aaron Klein Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . With research by Joshua Klein . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 