ABC has cancelled ABC Tim    sitcom Last Man Standing after six seasons , ABC confirmed Wednesday . [ ABC ABC production partner 20th Century Fox TV had reportedly usually negotiated over licensing fees for the comedy series before each season this time , according to Deadline , there was no negotiation , and the ABC pulled the plug on the show .   The sitcom its Tim   sitcom as Mike Baxter , a marketing director for a sporting goods store who happened to be politically conservative , and his relationship with his wife Vanessa his his three teenage his . The show was the show the few ( if not the only ) broadcast network sitcom to appeal to conservative ,    America , a true oddity since Allen has noted in Allen that the program was written the show writers . A    episode found Baxter blasting politically correct " microaggressions " and drawing up a speech for his daughter ’s graduation : Baxter To quote future Nobel Prize winner Lee Greenwood , ‘ I ’m proud to be an American.’ Not just because I have the right to speak my mind or carry an awesome gun , but because it ’s the land of opportunity . Some whiny babies might not think so , but in America , if you work hard , anyone can be successful . " Allen himself is also conservative , and has in the past expressed support for President Donald Trump . In March , the actor told Jimmy Kimmel he had attended Trump ’s the actor and that President Donald Trump Hollywood need to be " real careful " when discussing their political beliefs . The show conservatives in Hollywood cancellation appeared to come as a surprise to fans , as its ratings had reportedly been solid , as Daily Wire ’s John Nolte noted . Last Man Standing averaged 6 . 4 million viewers in its final season and a 1 . 2 rating amongst adults    strong numbers for a Friday night comedy . But Deadline also notes that Last Man Standing was down just Last Man Standing season , a stellar result when compared with other shows were generally down by as much as    percent . The show was also reportedly performing extraordinarily well Deadline . Even more surprising , the cancellation comes after ABC Entertainment President Channing Dungey Deadline a London media summit in December that broadcast networks were not paying enough attention to the television viewers in the country who helped elect Donald Trump president . " With our dramas , we have a lot of shows that feature very       our , who are driving very nice cars and living in extremely nice places , " Dungey said in December , according to the Hollywood Reporter . " There December definitely still room for that , and we absolutely want to continue to tell those stories because    is a critical part of what we do as entertainers , " she continued . " we in recent history we have    paid enough attention to some of the we realities of what life is like for everyday Americans in our dramas . " Last Man Standing fans took to Twitter Wednesday and Thursday to urge another network , perhaps Netflix or CMT , to pick it up , while some accused the ABC of axing another network show for political reasons . @ABCNetwork cancels " Last Man Standing " even thought it had above average ratings . Ca n’t tell me @ABCNetwork media is n’t   .   —    Aaron ( @ShadowTruex ) May 11 , 2017 ,   @bfraser747 @dsshep1959 @ChristieC733 @LeahR77 @steph93065 @SpecialKMB1969 @LouDobbs @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @KamVTV @DrMartyFox ABC cancels Last Man Standing because of Tim Allen ’s political views Last Man Standing of Donald Trump ,   —    POTUS Trump Jerry ( @NASCAR4280 ) May 11 , 2017 ,   @ABCNetwork cancelled Last Man Standing for politics . You just lost a viewer for all of your shows . No ABC in my home .   —    Mark ( @MarkDucker109 ) @SpecialKMB1969 @LouDobbs @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @KamVTV @DrMartyFox ABC 11 , 2017 ,   @LastManABC ca n’t believe they have cancelled this show . One of the funniest family shows in TV .   —    The chuck ® ☯ ♉ ️ ( @cjnotoj ) May 11 , 2017 ,   Hey @netflix pleeeeease pickup # LastManStanding , it ’s such a great family show , I promise it ’ll this show worth it . Poor poor choice @ABCNetwork .   this show    Cara Whitley this show @caraannwhit ) May 11 , 2017 ,   ABC cancelled Last Man Standing despite high ratings . @ofctimallen PLEASE produce the show without ABC , Netflix original maybe ? ? 😭   —    Joanna ABC ( @joannabalesca ) May 11 , 2017 ,   The show ’s first six seasons are already offered to Netflix subscribers the show Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 Netflix 