The Republican National Committee took a shot at MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe " Wednesday , calling it the " leader of the pack for the worst case of Trump Derangement Syndrome . " [ " Once a respected forum for intelligent discourse , The Republican National Committee has turned into 3 hours of    hysteria , filled with more faux scandal and innuendo than a bad episode of Gossip Girl , " the email released by the RNC Wednesday Wednesday .   The show , hosted by Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski , refused Wednesday Wednesday discuss the controversy surrounding Kathy Griffin ’s photo shoot involving a mock beheading of President Trump . However , the The show, hosted by Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski decide to discuss a misspelled tweet by Trump , President Trump the the RNC up on . " According to a rough review of this morning ’s program , the crew spent the majority of the show discussing misspelled tweets , White House staffing plans , uncorroborated Russia stories , and the supposed horror of President Trump giving President Trump phone number President Trump , " the email by RNC Deputy Communications Director Michael Reed said . Reed notes that they RNC Deputy Communications Director Michael Reed " little to no time " on the lack of evidence of collusion between Trump ’s campaign and President Trump on how leaks are hurting national security . " And , if you were tuning in to get a substantive update on health care or tax reform negotiations , good luck , " the email says . Reed also notes that Sen. RNC Deputy Communications Director Michael Reed Franken ( ) was on the program but not asked if he is still holding an RNC Deputy Communications Director Michael Reed with Griffin in July . Scarborough later responded on Twitter , hailing it as proof that President Scarborough is " obsessed " with the show . This is funny stuff . Interesting to see Trump still obsessed with our President Trump . He should the show hobby President Trump new job that keeps him focused . https : President Trump .    —    Joe Scarborough ( @JoeNBC ) May 31 , 2017 ,   Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York . Follow Adam on Twitter : @AdamShawNY 
 Adam Shaw 