That wheezing death rattle you hear right now is the last struggling gasps of the Never Trumpers finally slipping away and sinking into their muddy graves . [ Donald Trump will shred the Constitution ! Donald Trump is not a conservative ! Donald Trump is not even a Republican !   Some eventually got cured . But others remain deeply infected to this day . For some , it was the first time in some lives some had ever spoken up in defense of the Constitution . Silent were they some    Barack Obama was busy shredding it   Barack Obama ribbons . Others are longtime principled conservatives who truly believed that the billionaire real estate showman could not possibly understand the finer points of constitutionalism . But , really , they Others did n’t like him   Barack Obama trust him   Barack Obama he   Barack Obama not one of them Others And that is precisely why so many Americans loved him   Barack Obama They so many Americans so sick and tired of falling into line behind the    constitutionalists , principled conservatives and professional Republicans   —    and then losing . Again and again and again . We gave them so many Americans White House . We We them so many Americans the White House We We them so many Americans Senate . And yet they so many Americans losing . Under Republican control we got the largest expansion of an entitlement program in history and doubled the national debt . Under Democrats we got Obamacare , and they doubled Democrats debt the national debt The Never Trumpers accused Donald Trump of not being conservative , not being a constitutionalist and not being a Republican . They were too The Never Trumpers to realize that all three of those " attacks " were actually selling points for the man who would become president . When Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia died 13 days shy of a year ago , the stakes suddenly got very real . The Never Trumpers The Never Trumpers would appoint his Donald Trump his butler or Donald Trump    liberal Donald Trump to the Donald Trump court , desecrating the seat once occupied by one of the greatest legal forces in American history . Instead , President Trump nominated Judge Neil Gorsuch Donald Trump man qualified beyond any doubt to fill that seat . And a man every the seat once occupied by one of the greatest legal forces in American history devoted to preserving and faithfully adhering to the Constitution . It would be nice for the     Never Trumpers to finally acknowledge how wrong they were and concede that maybe , just the    Never Trumpers , you do n’t have to be one of them to care about the country and stick the    Never Trumpers for the Constitution . But that is unlikely . the Constitution Derangement Syndrome is terminal , so we must settle for the sounds of their death rattles . • Charles Hurt can be reached at churt@washingtontimes . com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt . 
 Charles Hurt 