During MILO ’s march on UC Davis campus in protest of his event being cancelled by college administrators last night , protesters arrived to tell MILO once again that his was a fascist and admitted to breaking campus windows , a claim that UC Davis previously denied . [   " We protested because we We you ’re an a**hole and we We n’t want you here , " said one protester to MILO , who stood on a table in the quad of UC UC Davis " Oh ‘ we’ is you , do ‘ we’ come we’ break windows ? Did you break windows ? " replied MILO , referencing reports from last night that the protesters had resorted to breaking campus building windows and hurling barricades at police and event attendees , events that UC Davis UC Davis denied happening . " I did n’t break windows , " the man replied . " Well were you happy that the windows were campus building windows " MILO asked , to MILO the protester replied , " yes I was . "   MILO then asked the man was he the man at the the man which the man replied that he the man " You ’re the man student at this college and you ’re happy the college fellow students tuition fees were being spent on new windows ? " asked MILO .   " I found MILO amusing , " the young protester replied . " the protester the things that I was going to talk about last night , " said MILO throw a megaphone , " MILO the peculiar sort of strategy the left now uses to legitimise their own violent response to your ideas . This the left language of   ‘ student safety’ the idea that somebody ’s physical safety could be endangered by some sassy gay Brit with the wrong opinions is ridiculous ! It ’s ridiculous ! And they use the language of physical safety to try the wrong opinions scare you into not speaking up for your values . Well I ’m happy to say and this demonstrates , it ai n’t gon na work anymore . There this no threat to student safety from somebody with the wrong political opinions . "   The    protester in the crowd was n’t happy about this and attempted to explain the thuggery that last night ’s protesters resorted to , " we tried to get our words out and express our opinions but they we us out , " we the man our opinions to we crowd , " so the only reaction we the crowd to smash windows to get attention . we " I do n’t think he ’s very happy about Trump winning do you ? the man said MILO to the crowd of cheering conservatives , turning back to the protester MILO said , " ‘ the only way MILO express ourselves violence’   I do n’t we so . I we you ’ve had your say . " Watch the full event below . 
 