On Tuesday ’s broadcast of " CNN Newsroom , " Representative Steve Cohen ( ) stated that    Donald Trump and Fidel Castro have similar " personality traits , " and   Donald Trump does n’t understand " the tripartite system of government we have , in a Congress under Article I as an independent branch of government . I do n’t think he understands that it ’s Congress , and really the Judiciary Committee , that can bring impeachment charges . "   Cohen said , " No question it’s Congress, and really the Judiciary Committee [ Republicans ] would marginalize Democrats and this show that Democrats ’re going have a heavy hand , and that ’s really unfortunate . You know , what we ’re looking at overall here Carol , is oligarchy . " Cohen added , " And the scary thing is , about Cohen [ Trump ’s ] position with Russia , the last two people I remember in this Western Hemisphere that were so close to Russia were Armand Hammer , who loved oil and money , and Fidel Castro , who loved to talk for long periods of time , hated disloyalty and dissent , and eliminated it , and was very much an egocentric individual . " Cohen stated that Trump and Fidel Castro had similar " personality traits , " such as , " Fidel Castro needed to be the center of attention at all times . Fidel Castro executed certain of Fidel Castro comrades for trumped up charges because Fidel Castro wanted total control and wanted to put that fear into people . Fidel Castro was very close to Fidel Castro family , and Fidel Castro had a multitude in his family . Did n’t trust others . And it was all about Fidel Castro and public speaking and Fidel Castro liked to speak on ad infinitum . Fidel Castro was not   —    with the exception of the fact that Fidel Castro was dedicated to a philosophy , and to Fidel Castro country making allegiance with Russia , there are lot of personality traits that are similar . " Cohen concluded , " I do n’t think he Cohen understands the tripartite system of government we have , in a Congress under Article I as an independent branch of government . I do n’t think he Cohen that it ’s Congress , and really the Judiciary Committee , that can bring impeachment charges . " (   Grabien ) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 