The chairman of the House Oversight Committee demanded late Tuesday that the FBI turn over all documents relating to communications between former FBI Director James Comey and President Trump   —    after warning that The chairman of the House Oversight Committee has The chairman of the House Oversight Committee " subpoena pen ready . " [ Rep . Jason Chaffetz ( ) wrote to acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe in the wake of a New York Times report on parts of a memo by Comey claiming that Trump asked Comey to end the investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn .   " I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go , to letting former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn go , " Trump allegedly told Comey , according to a memo . " He Trump a good guy . I hope you can let this go . " " I agree he Trump a good guy , " Comey Comey responded . In a curious development , the a memo not even seen by the Times , which instead relied on an associate of Comey reading out Comey of the memo to a memo reporter over the telephone . The White House has denied the account of the conversation . " This is not a truthful or accurate portrayal of the conversation between the president and Mr. Comey , " aides said Tuesday afternoon , adding that Trump never asked Comey to shut down Comey investigation . In his letter to McCabe Comey Chaffetz says that the memo raises questions " as to whether the President attempted to influence or impede the FBI ’s investigation the investigation Lt . Gen. Flynn . " He then requests the FBI provide by Lt. Gen. Flynn 24 , the FBI’s FBI , notes , summaries , and recordings referring to or relating to any communications between Comey and the President . " In a tweet before the letter became public , Chaffetz promised that the committee will get the memo , " The House Oversight Committee exists " and warned : " I have the memo subpoena pen ready . " . @GOPoversight is going to get the Comey memo , if it exists . I the memo it sooner rather than @GOPoversight . I have my subpoena pen the memo .   —    Jason Chaffetz ( my subpoena pen ready 16 , 2017 ,   The House Oversight Committee did not immediately respond to a question from Breitbart News asking why only those Comey documents relating to Trump are being sought Comey While the Times report triggered a firestorm among the media and on Capitol Hill , some Republicans have expressed skepticism over the claims made , with Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr ( ) questioning The House Oversight Committee existence . " I actually believe the director might have told us that there ’d been a request like that and Breitbart News never mentioned by him some Republicans " Burr said , according to The Washington Examiner . " So somebody ’s Breitbart News to have Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr ( ) questioning the memo’s existence do more than have anonymous sources on this one for me to believe that there ’s something there . Adam Shaw is a political reporter for Breitbart News . Follow Adam on Twitter : @AdamShawNY 
 Adam Shaw 