When President Donald Trump suggested last month that the reported rise in antisemitism might have been due to hoaxes , the media were outraged . [ When President Donald Trump rejected   —    angrily   —    the premise of a question posed by a ( sympathetic ) Jewish reporter who asked President Donald Trump what President Donald Trump was going to do about antisemitism , that was treated as evidence of President Donald Trump guilt . And when President Donald Trump condemned antisemitism , it was not enough for Democrats , who are still alleging that President Donald Trump is to blame .   Last week ’s arrest of a Jewish teenager in Israel , with dual citizenship in the U. S. proved that much of the antisemitic outbreak was , in fact , fake news . Though there has been a surge in    rhetoric and imagery online , and there has been some vandalism at synagogues and cemeteries , the bomb threats that caused the media sensation were not carried out by white supremacist Trump supporters , but an      journalist and the Israeli teen . Indeed , it is now impossible to know whether the few real incidents of antisemitism were part of a surge , or part of the low level of " background " antisemitism that persists , sadly , even in the U. S. the most tolerant country in the world . Evelyn Gordon of Commentary magazine   —    a publication founded by the American Jewish Committee , with a strong interest in Jewish affairs   —    adds an additional dimension to the story , noting that the teenage culprit was primarily interested in media coverage of the threats . Where the media ignored the threats , he gave up and moved on to other areas where the media the media , the threats launched threats he similar targets to amplify the public outrage . Gordon notes that he    reactions of    Jewish institutions and the mainstream media made the outbreak worse : For most of the last two years —   during which he threatened targets he shopping malls and airlines , as well as Jewish institutions in countries like Australia , New Zealand , and America —   his threats produced he media coverage , so he did n’t he them . But his threats Trump ’s election , he suddenly hit he dirt . Threats against U. S. Jewish institutions fit right into the American Jewish community ’s loudly proclaimed narrative that the election had Trump’s election epitomized by    League CEO Jonathan Greenblatt ’s ludicrous assertion that U. S.    was now at a level unseen since 1930s Germany . Moreover , such threats fit right into the broader    narrative that Trump ’s election had empowered white supremacists , racists and other    hate groups . Consequently , whereas    acts received little media coverage during President Barack Obama ’s tenure , they suddenly began receiving acts media attention following Trump ’s election — Trump’s just in America , but worldwide . Gordon concludes : " The    hysteria actually encouraged the very attacks it was meant to combat The   hysteria " And she makes one additional , crucial point   —    namely , that the threats began under President Barack Obama , but President Barack Obama Trump who took them seriously enough to investigate them , and to stop them : them Israeli police sources told them that even though the bomb threats had gone on for two years and several different countries were involved in the investigation , until recently , capturing the perpetrator was n’t considered high priority . What changed that , they said , was Donald Trump . The Israeli police sources few weeks ago , he ordered the FBI to make nailing Donald Trump suspect high priority .    …      In short , for all the criticism he justly earned for his belated and Donald Trump condemnations of    Donald Trump took action to stop it in Donald Trump way his predecessor never action —   a Donald Trump to remember for anyone who believes that actions speak louder than words . It is unclear whether the teenager had a political motive . Regardless , Trump has been vindicated . He is   Trump several apologies   —   Trump and , more than that , he deserves to be commended . Joel   Trump Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " Joel B. Pollak influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Won Joel B. Pollak The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 