Since President Trump appointed Sebastian Gorka last month as a deputy assistant , Mr. Gorka has been an increasingly visible defender of the administration . Mr. Gorka has spoken out in favor of the targeted travel ban , which spurred mass protests and was then blocked by federal courts . Mr. Gorka suggested in a recent interview with The Hill that Mr. Trump . Mr. Gorka has also insisted that media reports of turmoil in the White House bear " almost no resemblance to reality . " Mr. Gorka came out swinging again on Thursday , after Mr. Trump ’s contentious news conference in which he Mr. Gorka the media . Asked by Evan Davis of the BBC to assess Mr. Trump ’s appearance , Mr. Mr. Gorka declared the president ’s performance " fabulous . Mr. Trump It ’s only weird to journalists like yourself , who are biased , " he said Mr. Gorka Who is he ? Mr. Gorka ’s what we know : Mr. Gorka Mr. Gorka American citizen who was born in Britain to Hungarian parents . He earned a Mr. Gorka . D. in political science from Corvinus University of Budapest and has made his living as Mr. Gorka national security expert with a focus on Islamist extremism . He wrote a Mr. Gorka book , published last year , called " Defeating Jihad : The Winnable War . " In his Breitbart articles Mr. Gorka Mr. Gorka has criticized Mr. Gorka policy under the Obama administration and trumpeted the threat of the Islamic State group . Mr. Gorka , 46 , is a former editor for the    media outlet Breitbart News and a friend of Stephen Bannon , the former Breitbart chairman who Mr. Gorka now a powerful assistant to Mr. Trump . Until recently , Mr. Gorka was not well known to Washington policy makers . But his increasing visibility has brought headlines , some less welcome than others . He has appeared in a Mr. Gorka of television and radio interviews as a representative of the Trump administration Mr. Gorka a member of a White House team called the Strategic Initiatives Group . The Daily Beast called it a think tank within the White House that was set up by Mr. Bannon and the president The Daily Beast     and senior adviser , Jared Kushner . The group ’s formation raised red flags , said Julianne Smith , a former deputy national security adviser the Strategic Initiatives Group President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and the director of strategy and statecraft at the Center for a New American Security . The National Security Council has traditionally played a decisive role in foreign policy decisions , she said . " Now we have the Strategic Initiatives Group and the National Security Council both working on Julianne Smith, a former deputy national security adviser to Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. and the director of strategy and statecraft at the Center for a New American Security of national security and strategy . the Strategic Initiatives Group Sebastian , ultimately , is : Who is he reporting to ? Is he reporting to the National Security Council ? Or is this a direct line to Bannon ? " Mr. Gorka said he he not comment The National Security Council clearance from the White House . But after multiple calls and emails since Tuesday , neither he Mr. Gorka the White House has answered questions about his position or the role of the initiatives group . This month , Mr. Gorka told Mr. Gorka that the White House bring private industry expertise Mr. Gorka bear on a range of issues , including cybersecurity , veterans affairs Mr. Gorka modernization of government technological systems . the initiatives group is very different from what the National Security Council is doing every day under the sterling leadership of General Flynn , " he added , referring to Michael T. Flynn , then the national security adviser , who would resign 12 days later . Ms. Smith said she Mr. Gorka not personally familiar with Mr. Gorka , though she had crossed paths with him during the early 2000s . " I do n’t know what to believe Ms. Smith this guy , but given his experience at Breitbart Ms. Smith what I had heard Mr. Gorka ago , it does appear to me that he takes some rather extreme views Mr. Gorka she said . Mr. Mr. Gorka dismissed such criticisms during a Wednesday interview with Sean Hannity of his experience at Breitbart News and brushed Mr. Gorka some Mr. Gorka the more controversial reports buzzing around Ms. Smith . " I Mr. Gorka ’re doing our job very well   —    do n’t you , Sean ?   —    if this is the best they can Mr. Gorka , " he said . He referred we reports , like one from Fusion , that said he Sean Hannity of Fox News exaggerated his role as an Mr. Gorka witness in the trial of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , Mr. Gorka was convicted Mr. Gorka helping to carry out the Boston bombing of 2013 . Mr. Mr. Gorka told Mr. Mr. Gorka he still had invoices for the expert report he submitted for the case . " I may not have taken the stand , but I was an expert on the Boston Mr. Gorka trial , " he said . As Mr. Gorka the speculations about   Nazi sympathies , they go back to one of Mr. Trump ’s inauguration balls , when Mr. Boston   —    appearing Mr. Gorka photos and a video interview with Mr. Hannity   —    Nazi sympathies a medal that could be interpreted as a nod to Miklos Horthy , a Hungarian leader who entered into a strained alliance with Nazi Germany in the early years of World War II . In a video posted by Breitbart on Tuesday , Mr. Gorka said the medal belonged to his father , who he said had suffered " under both the Nazis and the Communists " in Hungary , having lived through World War II and survived torture under the Mr. Gorka government that later Mr. Gorka to power . Mr. Gorka was charged with a misdemeanor after he took   a handgun into Reagan World War II Virginia last year . In a statement quoted by Breitbart , he said that on Mr. Gorka to the airport , he had " Mr. Gorka the wrong bag , one I had just used " at a gun range . He added that he was Mr. Gorka to board his Mr. Gorka , and Reagan National Airport in Virginia weapon Mr. Gorka confiscated . The charge was dropped early this month . Though his appointment to the White House occurred Mr. Gorka recently , Mr. Gorka Gorka has been in Mr. Gorka with Mr. Trump at least since 2015 . He wrote last year that he had submitted some policy Mr. Gorka to the presidential candidate and had met with him Mr. Gorka discuss national security issues . Federal election commission filings indicate that the Trump Mr. Gorka paid $ 8 , Mr. Gorka to Mr. Gorka for policy consulting in 2015 . It is difficult to Mr. Gorka the impact Mr. Gorka could have on foreign policy in the White House , Ms. Mr. Trump said , especially since he is Mr. Gorka under the shadowy aegis of Mr. Bannon . " We ’ve got a situation Mr. Gorka outsiders and certain members of the government are confused about who is serving as the lead on Mr. Gorka policy decisions , " she said . " And because we are not clear about Steve Bannon ’s role , it raises a lot of concern because of his personal views , and also his lack of experience . " 
 Ms. Smith Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon Mr. Bannon 