Nearly 4 . 5 million voters in the Golden State cast Nearly 4. 5 million voters in this state ballots for Donald Trump in the November election . More than 47 other states and just a fraction fewer than Texas and Florida . [ Unfortunately for these Californians , their these Californians total was dwarfed by the 8 . 75 million that went for Hillary Clinton from the Golden State , as her Hillary Clinton percent vote share constituted the biggest landslide since FDR carried the the Golden State 1936 .   So if you ’re a Trump supporter in California , for the most part you try to keep your political affiliation incognito . That means no bumper stickers on your car . No lawn signs on your property . No    parties . You keep your gloating and hopefulness behind closed doors . It ’s that way because doing anything otherwise could be downright physically unsafe and socially damaging . Never mind the outright violence that greeted Milo in Berkeley , even a small gathering of Trump supporters in Huntington Beach ( in Orange Country , the last GOP stronghold in coastal California ) was marred by unruly , and possibly criminal , agitators . The social and professional cost could be profound for some Trump supporters Trump In a Los Angeles Times profile , Ed and Ed Ring a nearly    friendship that abruptly ended after the couple ’s support for Trump became Trump . " ‘ I do n’t want you around my children,’ " Ed Ring recalled his former friends’ message via Ed Ring ending their relationship as he recounted Facebook the Times Ed Ring " That really hurt . " Honestly , however , the Rings’ story is a dime a dozen across a state that ’s effectively under    rule , with the Democrats owning super majorities in both state legislatures and every    office . In November , two Democrats   —    Kamala Harris and Loretta Sanchez   —    faced off for the U. S. senate seat vacated by Barbara Boxer as no Republican made it through the primaries that go to the top two    regardless of party affiliation . Your own humble correspondent has his own share of stories Your own humble correspondent tell . Without boring you with too much detail , I ’ve seen    several friendships broken up and business relations ruined during the    to and after the November election . I ’ve lost a good friend ( I think ) as I have not heard from him since he was jolted a good friend (I think) the a good friend (I think) punch of Trump ’s victory and my decision to join Breitbart . Even my own dear sisters , one of whom campaigned for Barack Obama in 2008 , had to retreat to their own respective safe spaces Even my own dear sisters, one of whom campaigned for Barack Obama in 2008 awhile after November 8 . They still love me , Even my own dear sisters, one of whom campaigned for Barack Obama in 2008 that ’s a hopeful sign for humanity that there ’s still something thicker than politics . But the obstacles facing California ’s Trump supporters , conservatives , or just anyone opposed to the Democratic agenda are no joke . While the rest of the nation can look forward to the rollback of all the excesses and abuses of the Obama years , California ’s    machine is California down on all those disastrous policies , including continued harboring and supporting of illegal immigration ,     environmental regulations , and more onerous tax increases . Just this past week , Gov. Jerry " Moonbeam " Brown announced a $ 5 . 2 billion tax hike to fix the state ’s broken roads . The increase will come from 2 billion tax hike to fix the state’s broken roads gas tax to nearly $ 1 per gallon and also vehicle registration fees . The funds are needed because for years the state has socked away    the state’s general funds to pay for , among other things , generous welfare benefits . Not to mention the $ 68 billion    rail to nowhere . Adding insult to injury , the worst indignities suffered by Trump supporters in California sometimes come from friendly fire . Yes , we ’ve heard all the jokes about how California should just fall into the Pacific California   …      we should just secede from the union we no one will miss us   …      maybe the wall we n’t be built on the Mexican border but along the Sierra Nevada that divides the state from the rest of the California But know this : There are a lot of us out here in the once glorious Golden State . It ’s California are hiding in plain sight this Follow Samuel Chi on Twitter @ThePlayoffGuru . 
 