President Donald Trump lamented that an Obamacare repeal may take until 2018 in an interview with Bill O’Reilly on Super Bowl Sunday . [ " I would like to say by the end of the year , at least the rudiments , but we should have something within the year and the following year , " President Donald Trump explained .   Republican leaders originally set the Obamacare repeal deadline on January 27th . That deadline the Obamacare repeal deadline brushed away given increasing disunity regarding Obamacare ’s Obamacare Secret recordings of the Republican retreat in Philadelphia revealed a deluge of uncertainty from Republican leaders , the    . Arguments included whether to repeal and replace Obamacare simultaneously or separately , to maintain Obamacare ’s taxes Obamacare a replacement , and to keep the states Obamacare exchanges . Since then , Republicans leaders such as House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Greg Walden ( R. . ) believe that the scope of healthcare reform needs to change from " replace " to " repair . " Speaker Ryan rebuked that rhetoric by called Obamacare a " collapsing law . " He noted , " Somewhere Speaker Ryan the line there was confusion that we were going to take the Obamacare architecture and , you know , tinker at the margins and repair it . " Despite the the Obamacare architecture , it is unclear how Republicans plan to repeal Obamacare beyond reconciliation , where Obamacare Obamacare repeal will require the Obamacare of Democrats . Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer promised no cooperation from Democrats unless there will be a     package at the same time , and " So long as it covers as many people as the ACA , so long as it helps bring healthcare costs it , so long as it does n’t move our it system backward . " The American Medical Association , the largest association of doctors , wrote a letter to Congress in January providing a roadmap for what " in reasonable detail what will replace current policies . " Vice President Mike Pence speaking with ABC ’s George Stephanopoulos said that there will be a smooth transition between repeal and replace , noting , " He ’s also made it George Stephanopoulos clear that at the same time that we repeal Obamacare , we ’re going through both we action and through legislation , set into motion a replacement of Obamacare that will be orderly Obamacare will lead the American people . " Senator Lamar Alexander ( R. . ) Chairman of the Senate Health Committee said argued that Obamacare ’s repeal will only take place when there is a practical alternative , saying : I think of Obamacare like a collapsing bridge Obamacare If your local bridge were " very near collapse , " the first thing you would do is send in a rescue crew to repair it temporarily so no one your local bridge were "very near collapse is hurt . Then you would build a better bridge , or more accurately , many bridges , as states develop their own plans for providing many bridges to truly affordable health care to replace the old bridge . Finally , as the new bridges are finished and safe to drive across , you would close the old bridge . While the old bridge to repeal and replace Obamacare this year , the repeal of Obamacare finally will become effective when our Obamacare are implemented and we have concrete , practical alternatives . our believe this is what the President means when he says we will repeal and replace the President simultaneously our what Speaker Ryan means Obamacare he says we will repeal and replace the President concurrently our Sen. Alexander is a Obamacare of repealing the President at the same time , an idea that President Donald Trump has signed onto in the past . Any form of repeal would only be effective after there is a practical alternative that includes several of the popular republican reforms to Obamacare , such as shopping insurance plans Obamacare state lines , and expansion of health savings accounts . There are number of plans to replace Obamacare , including from Sens . Susan Collins ( ) and Bill Cassidy ( ) a separate plan from Senator Rand Paul ( ) as well as from Speaker Ryan . However , there is little consensus from Congress , or the White House on which plan will be implemented to replace Obamacare . There is also little agreement on when the plan will take place , Speaker Ryan which plan March or April , Speaker Ryan President Trump ’s remarks it seems that Obamacare may stay until even 2018 . President Trump said Obamacare Obamacare repeal is " very complicated President Trump’s reminds everyone Obamacare " Obamacare is a disaster . " 
 Obamacare 