It is finally sunny in Los Angeles again . [ After three months of nasty skies and near    rain , the sun is out in force now the bees have returned , and the smog has begun to thicken . The liquid amber trees have started to bloom in earnest .   And yet , even on a day like today   —    and even after my doctor advised me to sit out on the balcony shirtless , with 40 ounces of Red Stripe and a pack of cigarettes and the Allman Brothers cranked up on the stereo   —    my focus drifts just a few hundred yards northeast , to the heart of Hollywood , where trouble began brewing anew this week . Comedian Amy Schumer   —    perhaps best known for her Comedy Central series Inside Amy Schumer , and for the film Trainwreck   —    has accused " " Internet trolls of a coordinated plot to trash her latest Netflix    special with brutal ,    reviews . " They organize to get my ratings down , " Schumer lamented in an Instagram post this week . " Meeting in sub Reddit rooms . They tried on my book and movies and tv show . " Ah yes . Those pesky goddamned Internet trolls again . Whether the work of Those pesky goddamned Internet trolls again , or just unhappy fans , the result is that Schumer Leather Special now boasts an unfortunate average rating of one star on the streaming service ( though it wo n’t matter for much longer , because Netflix just announced it Netflix replace the    system with a    system the timing appears to be a coincidence ) . " I thank you trolls so much , " Schumer added in her Schumer post . " It fills me with hope and power to see you all furiously posting so as always accuse me of whatever lies you want . Call me a whale . Call me a thief and I will continue to rise and fight and lead . I know who I am . I am strong and beautiful and will use my voice my whole time on this earth . " Well , yes . That ’s fine . Any great American would never tell Schumer Schumer Schumer n’t entitled to use her Schumer whenever and in whatever manner she Schumer . But Schumer Schumer gotten herself Schumer a bit of a pickle here . Let us assume , for argument ’s sake , that Schumer Schumer right : an army of "   trolls " conspired on Reddit and 4chan boards to deliberately tank the ratings of her Schumer . It is probably safe to assume that not everyone who rated the special one star actually saw it , at the very least . If Schumer Schumer right , that would simply confirm something that conservatives have been shouting from the rooftops for years and that Hollywood somehow still does n’t understand : that insulting the values and political beliefs of your target market simply is n’t good business . At a show in New York City in October , Schumer Schumer an incident that occurred the previous night at a show in Tampa , in which a large number of people in the audience ( reports estimated 200 ) walked out on her after she her mocking    presidential candidate Donald Trump . In response , she her to mock the frustrated audience members too . " Dearest Tampa , " she her aloud from an open letter on the stage in Madison Square Garden . " I ’m sorry you did n’t want me , a comedian who talks about what she her in , to mention the biggest thing going on in our country right now . " " After the show , I want you to know that I will go straight to a rehab facility that will teach me how to make all people happy . Both the rich , entitled white people who are gon na vote for [ Trump ] and the very poor people who ’ve been tricked into it , " she her . Schumer ’s response then , as with her her now , completely misses the point . Comedians , actors , singers and other celebrities can say whatever they Comedians, actors, singers and other celebrities , whenever they Comedians, actors, singers and other celebrities . God Bless America . No one is stopping them Comedians, actors, singers and other celebrities But to then act surprised or become angry or accusatory when some of the things they Comedians, actors, singers and other celebrities said insult or offend the values of the millions of people who make up their the millions of people who make up their   audience audience is n’t just disingenuous it ’s downright pathetic . If Amy Schumer wants to call everyone who voted for Trump " weak , " " misinformed " Ku Klux Klan members , she Amy Schumer n’t be surprised that a few of those disgruntled Trump Trump " would flip her Amy Schumer bird in the form of a    review on her Amy Schumer special . But let ’s say she Amy Schumer wrong about these trolls . Let us assume   —    again , for argument ’s sake   —    that there was no coordinated effort by    conservatives to tank her Amy Schumer . Maybe her Amy Schumer just suck . Or have gotten stale . It ’s not outside the realm of possibility , is it It Mainstream critics did n’t like it It did n’t either . When Schumer responded to the negative reviews on her Schumer account , I decided I had to check out the special for myself Schumer to see what all the fuss was about . It ’s really just the same old Schumer shtick : lots and lots of jokes about how bad her Schumer smells and about how men find her Schumer . There ’s also a small bit about gun control . Is it inconceivable that people have simply tired of the schtick ? After a good faith try at the Leather Special   —    and as something of a control test   —    I popped on Trevor Noah ’s new Netflix special , Afraid of the Dark . I wanted to see whether my political bias might have clouded my judgement of Schumer ’s work , and whether I might be able to laugh at another outspoken liberal ’s comedy set . Surprise , surprise . Noah Trevor Noah’s set was both funny and insightful , and he Trevor Noah’s a talented impressionist to boot . Noah Trevor Noah’s simply funny . If you ’re going to insult roughly half of the American    public with your unsolicited political opinions , you better be hysterically funny to the other half who agree with you . So , either way , Amy Schumer loses here . Either her politics have Amy Schumer caught up with her , or Amy Schumer simply produced Amy Schumer bad    comedy special . She ’s got Amy Schumer one to blame but herself .    Amy Schumer Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 