Representative Thomas Massie (   ) is pushing a repeal of the    School Zone Act ( GFSZA ) in hopes that it may finally be done away with under President Donald Trump . [ Efforts to repeal the   School Zone Act (GFSZA) were originally undertaken by former Congressman Ron Paul . Representative Thomas Massie (  ) push marks the third attempt to repeal the law .   Under the auspices of the GFSZA , public school mass shootings have been plentiful . The act the   School Zone Act (GFSZA) in 1990 and signed by President George H. W. Bush . In its wake a the   School Zone Act (GFSZA) nation has witnessed Columbine ( April 20 , 1999 ) Santana High School ( March 5 , 2001 ) Rocori High School ( September 24 , 2003 ) Red Lake Senior High School ( March 21 , 2005 ) Platte Canyon High School ( September 27 , 2006 ) Sandy Hook ( December 14 , 2012 ) Sparks Middle School ( March 21 , 2013 ) Arapahoe High School ( December 13 , 2013 ) and many others . In fact , ABC News reports that 141 students were " killed in a mass murder or attempted mass murder at a school since Columbine " alone . In light of the myriad slaughters of unarmed innocents , Representative Massie seeks to remove any federal barrier to teachers and staff being armed for defense of themselves and their teachers and staff . teachers and staff ’s bill Representative Massie 34 is named the Safe Students Act . Massie ’s office put Representative Massie press release in which he observed , "   Representative Massie zones are ineffective . They make people less safe school zones inviting criminals into      environments .    zones prevent    citizens from protecting themselves    and create vulnerable citizens from protecting themselves that are targeted by criminals . " The Safe Students Act is backed by the NRA , Gun Owners of America , and the National Association for Gun Rights . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of " Bullets with AWR Hawkins , " a AWR Hawkins podcast . He is Breitbart News political analyst AWR Hawkins Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . AWR Hawkins him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com AWR Hawkins 
 