Dr. Sebastian Gorka , deputy assistant to the president , formerly National Security editor for Breitbart News , spoke with Breitbart News Daily on Monday about the upcoming Supreme Court battle over President Trump ’s proposal for a temporary travel ban . [ " U. S. Code , U. S. law , is absolutely explicit . 8 U. S. Code 1182 says U. S. Code 1182 is President Trump’s ’s decision if there is a national security need , to limit , to vet , to even stop the immigration of individuals from certain countries , " Gorka pointed out .   " We inherited   —    this is the irony   —    from the Obama administration a list of nations that were of greatest concern , where there is the caliphate , where there is terrorism . We used that analysis to issue two executive orders , and they two executive orders been attacked for overt political reasons , " he two executive orders . " There was an attempt made to make these seem as if there was some underhand ulterior motive to do with Islam itself , or to do with a certain racial group , when , of course , that can not be true   —    because if there were any dread motives , then the fact that the largest Muslim nation , Indonesia , the largest Arab nation , Egypt , are on neither of the executive orders proves the point that this is purely about national security , " he this is purely about national security . Gorka reported that the latest update on the case is that the Department of Justice has requested to the Supreme Court that they " hear this the case this attempt to block our executive order , as soon as possible . " " Hopefully , that will be the case the case , " he Gorka SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam . Kassam mentioned the Raheem Kassam legal theory deployed against the executive order that Trump ’s rhetoric on the campaign trail a year ago invalidates his exercise of presidential authority by revealing dark motives at odds with the White House justification for the travel ban . " It ’s a the travel ban that we ’ve been witnessing now for twenty weeks . It ’s very the travel ban , " Gorka said of this reasoning . " I was on CNN for my sins last week and I had to discuss for 16 minutes with the host one tweet by the president , as if a tweet is a policy statement or an executive order , " he recalled . the president I think it ’s just clutching at straws . I think it ’s desperation it The campaign trail is not U. S. policy , so I think it ’s desperation The campaign trail their behalf , and that ’s why I think we will succeed their " Kassam asked if there was any truth to rumors that President Trump would cancel or delay his upcoming state President Trump to the United Kingdom following a disastrous election for Prime Minister Theresa May. " I really have to use this opportunity , Raheem , to bolster the ‘ Breitbart is the factual purveyor’ reality , " Gorka replied . " Let ’s go to the horse ’s mouth : the prime minister ’s office gave a public statement . The queen , Queen Elizabeth , has issued an invitation to the President of the United States . Nothing has changed since that invitation was an invitation to the President of the United States the White House . Those are the facts of the matter . " Kassam described it as the latest Kassam    story to generate headlines for a few days , only to be quietly corrected later when the leakers turn out to be wrong . " How is it that they get away with the leakers stuff when if we made one tiny little spelling error or typographical error on Breitbart News , I do n’t hear the bleeding end of it ? " he asked . " I do n’t even think the moniker ‘ fake news’ is sufficient at the moment . I think we really have to we about propaganda , " Gorka observed in response . " But your point is well taken . The lack of consequences for the left in their media has led to the reality where most voters simply do n’t care . Look at viewing figures for CNN . Look at how the finances of newspapers like the Washington Post   —    they have to be saved by billionaires because they ’re simply not they in the private market . "   " Yes , there are double standards , but eventually , at the end of the day , who ’s listening to them ? Just that they chamber that Ben Rhodes was so proud of creating , " he said , referring Ben Rhodes President Barack Obama ’s deputy national security adviser , who has boasted of his ability to manipulate Ben Rhodes media . Gorka said the White House planned to spend the coming days talking about economic growth and some big foreign policy stories , such as the diplomatic crisis surrounding Qatar . " Just look at the stock market , look at the U. S. economy . Finally , people are being unfettered , small businesses are being allowed to function in ways that actually make them money and not people government , " he said . " Gorka the national security front , the Qatar situation is fascinating Qatar " he observed . " Gorka president goes to the heart of the Muslim world . He asks for action The president Action is taken , and now we have to see the sponsorship of terrorism end . That ’s a big one for me , Raheem . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . 
 