Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee , told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on State of the Union on Sunday morning that Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee " ca n’t say whether anything was masked or unmasked properly " after visiting the White House on Friday to see the same the surveillance documents that committee chair Devin Nunes ( ) saw last month . [ It was an unusually muted response from Schiff , and suggests that the documents substantiate Nunes’ claims that the Obama administration conducted surveillance on members of the Trump transition team , and unmasked the names of U. S. citizens improperly before the intelligence was disseminated throughout the government . Nunes’ merely said that Nunes’ did not " agree with the chairman ’s characterization " of the documents , but did not elaborate or say Nunes was wrong .   Schiff also added that Schiff remained upset that the documents had not been shared with him Schiff Nunes Nunes them the documents the White House , and he Schiff suspicions about the way in which the the White House obtained the information . In addition , Schiff Schiff off claims he Schiff last month on MSNBC that there was " more than circumstantial " evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russian government . When Tapper asked him    whether Tapper was " collusion , " Schiff Schiff : " I do n’t think we can say anything definitively at this point . " Schiff Schiff failure to contest Nunes ’s claims directly , and his Schiff to repeat his Schiff about Russian collusion , add subtle support to two arguments : first , the contention by two senior former Obama administration intelligence officials that there is no evidence of Trump campaign collusion with Russia and second , the contention by President Donald Trump that he and his President Donald Trump were President Donald Trump victims of improper surveillance and leaks by the outgoing Obama administration . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named Joel B. Pollak of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book Joel B. Pollak How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter Joel B. Pollak @joelpollak . 
 