On Friday ’s edition of MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe , "    Joe Scarborough said the House Republicans and President Donald Trump ’s gathering after the House passed the revised version of the American Health Care Act ( AHCA ) looked like a bunch of "   and older white guys , " celebrating gutting health care to give the richest 1 % tax breaks .   Joe Scarborough said , " A lot of the senators , certainly are skeptical , the senators certainly are n’t going to come close to a bill that ’s been framed already in the public as taking health care away from 24 million Americans , many of the senators the most important swing voters in elections that are coming up in 2018 . If morality does n’t matter to the senators , maybe just puerile politics should . 24 million people losing the senators healthcare insurance , according to the message that ’s been sent out to Americans . And on top of that Mika , all of the money saved by taking away those health benefits , all go to the richest Americans in tax cuts . That is not , it seems to me , something to be celebrating in the Rose Garden , but I have n’t understood this president and , quite frankly , this party in some time . " Referencing a picture of yesterday ’s White House event , Scarborough added , " I want you to look at this picture of a billionaire , surrounded by a lot of millionaires . They ’re all    and older white guys , and They are all going to be facing constituents next year , who are going to tell They stories about how They voted to gut They health care to give the richest 1 % in They district tax breaks . Now   …     I know some of my Republican friends will say , ‘ Gee , Joe , you ’re being tough on your party.’ I ’m not being tough . This is simple . [ House Minority Leader Representative ] Nancy Pelosi ( ) was right yesterday , this is going to glow on them for a long time to come . " After fellow    Willie Geist compared the ceremony to a golf course ’s    Scarborough added , " fellow   Willie Geist , Scarborough ’s a country club with restrictive membership . Obviously , you have to be white and a male to be there . " 
 