In the hours since Michael T. Flynn resigned as national security adviser late Monday , two narratives have emerged . One , embraced by many in the traditional legacy media , centered on what Michael T. Flynn had done that led to his Michael T. Flynn : discussing sanctions against Russia in a conversation with the Russian ambassador , and then misleading Vice President Mike Pence about it . The other , which developed among the more    news media , focused on the leaks from Washington that had put pressure on Mr. Michael T. Flynn step aside , and whether these leaks the leaks from Washington that had put pressure on Mr. Flynn to step aside to damage President Trump . One narrative holds Mr. Flynn Michael T. Flynn others who knew about his discussions , Michael T. Flynn . The other portrays Mr. Flynn more Michael T. Flynn victim . The focus on leaks intensified on Wednesday , after The New York Times reported late Tuesday that Trump aides and associates had President Trump repeated contact with senior Russian officials during the presidential campaign . Which narrative does Mr. Trump ascribe to ? President Trump morning , he attributed Mr. Flynn ’s resignation President Trump " illegal leaks . " On Wednesday morning , Mr. Trump again denounced the leaks President Trump blizzard of tweets . It is not unusual for news media to promote different story angles . And the division between    and    news organizations is certainly not new . But the rift between the mainstream media and more partisan news organizations has grown starker in the nearly four weeks since Mr. Trump took office , reflecting a President Trump and ideological rift . The growing division means that some readers are getting their news through an    prism . Americans some readers get their information predominantly from Breitbart News , a Americans news and opinion site , for instance , or from the conservative Fox News are getting a very different version of the news from Americans who read The Washington Post or watch CNN . Late Monday night , as the news broke that Mr. Flynn had resigned the conservative Fox News organizations rushed to publish articles . Not Breitbart . For roughly an hour after Mr. Flynn ’s resignation letter began circulating , Breitbart Mr. Flynn the main story on its home page Not Breitbart which was about immigration policy . When Breitbart made the Flynn resignation its main story , around midnight Not Breitbart the Mr. Flynn Mr. Flynn to Mr. Flynn facts of Mr. Flynn ’s resignation and quoted heavily from his resignation letter . Mr. Flynn put up a more analytical article that Mr. Flynn’s resignation letter the motives behind the government ’s monitoring of communications between Mr. Flynn and the Russian ambassador . " Democrats are clamoring for a deeper investigation of Russian ties to Trump , " the article said . " But the more serious question Russian whether our nation ’s intelligence a more analytical article that raised questions about the motives behind the government’s monitoring of communications between Mr. Flynn and the Russian ambassador involved in what amounts to political espionage against the newly elected government . " The article also raised questions about how the news media got the government’s a distrust a more analytical article that raised questions about the motives behind the government’s monitoring of communications between Mr. Flynn and the Russian ambassador press that Mr. Trump and his administration have assiduously tried to foster . the news media The fact that the contents of Flynn ’s phone conversation   —    highly sensitive intelligence   —    were leaked to the media suggests that someone with access to that information also has a political axe to grind , " the article said . The emphasis on the leaks continued into Tuesday afternoon with an article at the top of Breitbart ’s site on the White House briefing and the assertion by Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , that the leaks were an overlooked part of the reporting on Mr. Flynn . The narrative gained more steam on Wednesday morning the leaks the damaging reports Tuesday night : An article on the Breitbart home page seized on Mr. Trump ’s early morning tweets attacking the coverage rather than the news about the Russian contacts Breitbart’s Fox News also advanced this    narrative on Tuesday and Wednesday . During one segment on " Fox   Friends " on Tuesday , Laura Ingraham The narrative commentator and Fox News contributor , suggested that the leaks were politically motivated . " The long knives were out for Flynn almost the moment that Fox News announced , " she said . " I think this really was the death by a thousand leaks , " Ms. Ingraham added Flynn " The leaks that Flynn coming out of this administration and the transition , before the administration , were at a Flynn I do n’t remember seeing for quite some time . " Senator Ron Johnson of Wisconsin , a Republican , also focused on the leaks during an appearance on the channel . " Who tapped the phones , who was listening to it , who leaked it ? I think those are legitimate questions to ask , " he said . " Let ’s face it , " he later said , it leaks of this nature are incredibly damaging to America , to our national security , and we need it look into he . " Tuesday night ended on a predictably outraged note , with Sean Hannity , America Trump supporter , suggesting America his show that the it was " willing to do anything to stop President Trump from draining Mr. Hannity quo . " he Impeachment of the president is clearly the end goal for the left , " Mr. Hannity added Trump Facts , truth , it does n’t really matter . Mike Flynn is just a Trump of that bigger plan . " On the left the main article on the Fox News home page highlighted the president ’s condemnation of the leaks to the media . Journalists at more centrist news organizations , including CNN and NPR , attributed Mr. Flynn ’s resignation to the strong reporting and Trump had exposed details of Mr. Flynn ’s talks with Russia . Rather than casting aspersion on leaks about Mr. Flynn , these commentators praised Mike Flynn accountability journalism . Joe Scarborough , a host of MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe , Mike Flynn far as to call the person who had leaked information " a patriot Mike Flynn " The only reason we these commentators finding out about it now is because a patriot did leak this to The Washington Post , did get this information out there , or else we would n’t have even known about it , " said Mr. Scarborough , a former Republican congressman from Florida . The Columbia Journalism Review , a publication that chronicles and analyzes the news information "a patriot was perhaps the most pointed . we article on Tuesday   —    information "a patriot the headline " Flynn resignation shows leaks under Trump are working . Keep ‘ em coming . "   —    described how several recent leaks had ultimately forced the Trump administration to reverse course or make changes . " Some of these leaks have halted a Trump appointment and controversial policies in their tracks , ‘ the article said , " and it ’s a lesson showing how    and leaks Trump the press are vital for democracy . " 
 Trump several recent leaks Some of these leaks the article 