WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    Thursday night ’s Congressional baseball game is on   —    an event that White House Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Sanders called " a great moment of unity . " [ White House Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said White House Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Sanders was echoing the words of the President from the previous day , when there was hate    attack on the annual Republican charity baseball team practice .   In a Thursday afternoon White House press briefing , Sanders White House Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Sanders asked who from the Trump Administration would be attending the game and " Is there any other message to people that   —    the teams that are playing , players in the the game " Sanders White House Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Sanders , " I think , to kind of echo what the the President yesterday , I think this provides a great moment of unity to see members from both parties come out and have that time together , without conflict , on a baseball field , and enjoy a night like that . " After a gunman opened fire on a Republican baseball practice in Alexandria on Thursday , the President the President the American people from the White House . " We may have our the American people , but the American people do well in the American people like these to remember that everyone who serves in our nation ’s Capitol the American people here because , above all , they love our country everyone who serves in our nation’s Capitol " said Trump . As to whom from the Administration would be attending , Sanders said , " I believe there are several members from the administration that are planning to attend .   But as far as specifics , I ’m not sure of that right now . " Trump himself wo n’t be attending the game due to security issues , but instead recorded a video message that was played at the game . President the game and first lady Melania Trump as well as Vice President Mike Pence and second lady Karen Pence have visited Rep. Steve Scalise and Capitol Police officer , Special Agent Crystal Griner at the hospital .   The other victims of the shooting were being treated at other area hospitals . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 