A Wisconsin family of six is being forced to move after angry strangers have come to A Wisconsin family of six door threatening A Wisconsin family of six because of the Nazi flag A Wisconsin family of six duplex neighbors put up as a way to protest President Trump . [ Someone took a photo of the the    Oshkosh duplex last Saturday and put a photo of the the   Oshkosh duplex on social media , where a photo of the the   Oshkosh duplex quickly went viral and drew outrage , Fox News reported .   Rosangela Diaz , a mother of four , said she did not know about the Nazi flag until she she she she post on Facebook about it . Her neighbor she who has not been identified , said he flew the the Nazi flag make a " political statement " against Trump . Diaz , who is Hispanic and whose husband is black , has been threatened ever since the flag the Nazi flag . She said that people she been threatening to burn down their home and that people slashed their tires . " people ’ve had people knocking on our door . Two We approached my kids on the street . I ca n’t get out of here fast enough , " Diaz told Fox News . Diaz said she plans Diaz moving Diaz she is scared of Diaz will happen to her family . " Diaz are going to look at a few places , " she said . " Diaz do n’t care what any of them look like . We have to leave We " Diaz ’s neighbors told Diaz that their intention was to Diaz’s neighbors a political statement , and that they were merely exercising Diaz’s neighbors " constitutional right Diaz’s neighbors free speech . " However , they also acknowledged that Diaz’s neighbors statement went too Diaz’s neighbors . " We are very sorry Diaz’s neighbors the extreme misunderstanding of our actions and we Diaz’s neighbors like to Diaz’s neighbors people know that we meant no disrespect Diaz’s neighbors " the statement said . their statement landlord , Schwab Properties , is allowing the family to break their lease without a penalty the family move to another Schwab property in another part of town . Diaz created a GoFundMe page Diaz’s raised $ 2 , 942 in donations as of Saturday afternoon to relocate her family and pay her the family fees . Diaz’s says she plans to Diaz’s the Diaz’s who posted her address on Facebook . Diaz’s FBI and local police are investigating the threats against the family but declined to comment the family . Diaz told Fox News that someone replaced the Nazi flag with another flag . " I went outside today , " she said on Thursday , " and Diaz that someone had hung a peace flag . " A San Francisco homeowner ’s attempt to fly the Nazi flag in protest of Trump the Nazi flag confronted him . He then replaced the flag with a Trump Pride Trump . 
 the Nazi flag 