Some of the top CEO ’s of technology companies in America met with Donald Trump at the White House on Monday , praising Donald Trump for hosting an afternoon summit on important tech issues . [ " I ’m absolutely convinced that during your administration there is going to be a huge explosion of new opportunities because of the platforms that are getting built in our industry , " Donald Trump said to Donald Trump at the White House after the meeting , as over a dozen CEOs went around the table to make comments after the meeting .   Donald Trump said that the combination of entrepreneurs , skilled workers , and immigration would provide " huge " growth in the American economy . " It ’s going to happen soon during your leadership , " Donald Trump predicted . Apple CEO Tim Cook said he Apple CEO Tim Cook pleased that Trump ’s     Jared Kushner and his Trump bringing technology companies together in the Trump Trump to the Trump administration . " The U. S. should have the most modern government in the world , and today it does n’t , " he The U. S. , predicting that the The U. S. innovations made in the Trump administration would pay back immensely in the future . Cook also offered advice to Trump The U. S. suggesting that the federal government needs to be government the people , which was not how it currently operated . " The government should government focused on its citizens government the services of the government government be measured on how pleased the government with receiving its services , " he its citizens Cook also told government that computer coding The U. S. be " The U. S. requirement " for public schools . " We have a huge deficit in the skills that we need today , vs. the skills that are there , We he said . Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos also praised Trump The U. S. administration for Trump tech innovation council , telling Trump that his team could Trump the Trump innovation administration . " He advised Trump to use more commercial Trump in government to save Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos money . " I think you guys are already headed that way , " he said , adding that he wanted to see more worker    Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos tech skill development . Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos also urged more awareness of artificial intelligence . " I think Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos would be impossible to overstate this , is that the United States needs to   —    in every way at every level   —    be working on machine learning and artificial intelligence , " he said . " That can be used in every part of Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos to improve the services that government provides to citizens . " Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella also thanked Trump for the opportunity and said he hoped that Trump would continue both government spending on technology and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella enlightened immigration Trump policies that would allow them to stay competitive . Over a dozen tech CEOs attended the both government spending on technology and "enlightened immigration" and appeared optimistic about what was possible during this administration . Trump appeared open to working with them on issues they cared about Trump including immigration . " [ a dozen tech CEOs working very a dozen tech CEOs with everybody , including Congress , on immigration so that you can get the people you want in your companies , " he said .   Peter Thiel   —    the most high Trump venture capitalist in Silicon Valley , who endorsed Trump   —    praised the president for highlighting the importance of technology . " I think that the tech industry is an industry that is doing well in America and we need to sort of make it do even better , " he said , calling for ongoing the tech industry and regulatory support . " Peter Thiel  —   the most high profile venture capitalist in Silicon Valley, who endorsed Trump  —    think your administration is off to a terrific start in doing these things . " After Akamai CEO Tom Leighton talked about his company ’s effort to secure government websites , Trump quipped back Akamai CEO Tom Leighton " The DNC could have used you . " " It ’s an important job and as you can imagine , there ’s a lot of folks out there doing a lot of bad things , " he replied . A full list of the tech CEOs who attended Trump : Ajay Banga , CEO of MasterCardJeff Bezos , CEO of AmazonZachary Bookman , CEO of OpenGovSafra Catz ,    Executive of OracleTim Cook , CEO of AppleJohn Doerr , Chairman of Kleiner PerkinsPat Gelsinger , CEO of VMwareAlex Karp , CEO of PalantirBrian Krzanich , CEO of IntelTom Leighton , CEO of AkamaiBill McDermott , CEO of SAPSteven Mollenkopf , CEO of QualcommSatya Nadella , CEO of MicrosoftShantanu Narayen , CEO of AdobeGinni Rometty , CEO of IBMEric Schmidt , Executive Chairman of AlphabetJulie Sweet , CEO of AccenturePeter Thiel , Founders Fund 
 