The media is " cheering on Democrats " and does n’t give    Donald Trump the respect   Donald Trump ’s due , says incoming White House spokesman Sean Spicer . [ " There ’s some positive aspects here and there , but largely it still continues to not treat   Donald Trump with the respect that   Donald Trump deserves , " incoming White House spokesman Sean Spicer told The Hill .   " I think for a lot of folks inside the beltway , and inside       do n’t fully appreciate the understanding that    has of where the American people are , " incoming White House spokesman Sean Spicer added . " the American people continue to mock    in ways , when it frankly just shows the lack of understanding of that the American people have of where the American people are and what they think the American people " A longtime spokesman for the Republican National Committee , incoming White House spokesman Sean Spicer seared the press for " cheering on Democrats . " " There are countless examples of the media engaging   —    overtly or covertly   —    cheering on Democrats and there ’s no accountability . But it ’s no accountability not even frowned upon , " incoming White House spokesman Sean Spicer said . Once seen as awarding    Trump with     coverage , the media became increasingly adversarial toward Trump ’s   Trump In the months leading up to Election Day , the GOP nominee said as much , describing the media as the media and corrupt . " " I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary , I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process Crooked Hillary People get it ! " Trump wrote on   Trump . " It is not " freedom of the press " when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if newspapers and others is completely false ! " If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and did n’t put false meaning into the words I say , I would be beating Hillary by 20 % Hillary —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) August 14 , 2016 ,   I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary , I am Hillary the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process Crooked Hillary People get it !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) August 14 , 2016 ,   It is not " freedom of the press " when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if newspapers and others is completely false !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) August 14 , 2016 ,   Trump ’s frustration with and distrust of the media was validated when emails from John Podesta , Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign chairman , revealed collusion between reporters covering the campaign and Clinton camp . Weeks after his victory , Trump Trump with heads Trump the same media organizations whose reporters were conspiring with Democrats to attack Trump . Now , Trump weeks before the Trump administration is set to establish its agenda , Spicer the Trump administration they will be in Now, just weeks before the Trump administration is set to establish its agenda communication with the media . " It will be a daily something . When I say ‘ something,’ maybe it ’s a gaggle It maybe it ’s an    It , " Spicer said . " Spicer we solicit talk radio and regional newspapers to submit questions   —    because they ca n’t afford to be in Washington   —    but they still have a they . Maybe we just let the we people submit questions that we read off as we , " he continued . Spicer , who will lead the communication team for the Trump White House , said the   ’s use of Twitter is no worry for the people who elected Trump :   I think this is nonsense . I really do . Because at the end of the day the American people want the American people else is results . And success . And he ’s delivering already . And I think the American people   —    the people who have their jobs because of his actions the American people   —    the he who have watched him save tax dollars , are he , and I ’m not too sure they ’re concerned with the means the people who have their jobs because of his actions  —   the taxpayers who have watched him save tax dollars which he achieves that . Trump will he hesitate to hold the media accountable for its coverage of his administration , Trump said . Trump Journalists and Trump in America has a constitutional right to express themselves or write what they want Journalists and everyone in America write , " Journalists and everyone in America said . " He equally has a right to Trump sure that the record is set straight , the facts are known , and that people ca n’t just take potshots without being held accountable . " Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 