Thursday during MSNBC ’s coverage of former FBI Director James Comey ’s testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee , " Hardball " host Chris Matthews said in former FBI Director James Comey’s testimony accusations that President Donald Trump directly colluded with Russia to interfere in the 2016 U. S. election " came apart . "   Matthews Hardball" host Chris Matthews , " I think the headlines in terms of wire service coverage he Hardball" host Chris Matthews the President Donald Trump liar . I think that ’s a headline . The reason he memorialized President Donald Trump , he thought President Donald Trump president President Donald Trump about it . He also said President Donald Trump ’d like to see any tapes played . If there are any White House tapes , he wants them President Donald Trump . there are any White House tapes bigger story , Nicole touched on it there , The bigger story assumption of the critics of the president , President Donald Trump pursuers , you President Donald Trump say , is that somewhere along the line in the last year is the president had something President Donald Trump with colluding with the Russians , to feeding their desire to affect the the Russians in some way . Some role they played , some conversation with Michael Flynn or Paul Manafort . But yet what came apart was that theory . " He continued , " Two President Donald Trump , the president said according to President Donald Trump tell me of Mr. Comey go ahead and give anybody satellite to my operation and nail them . I ’m with you on that , that would mean Manafort , Carter Page , somebody Paul Manafort that . And then what was fascinating , Comey basically said that Flynn was Mr. Comey central to the Russia investigation , that he was touching on it . Mr. Comey course , Flynn was n’t honest in the Flynn of the official forms to become national security head , but they only touched on that . It was n’t related to that but that he could be flipped for that Mr. Comey In other words , they could flip him because they they him on Mr. Comey he they answered Mr. Comey it was Mr. Comey central to the Russia thing . I always assumed what Trump was afraid of he had said something to Flynn Mr. Comey Flynn could be flipped on that Flynn and Flynn would testify against the president Flynn he had some conversation with Flynn the president terms of dealing with Flynn Russians affirmatively . And if that ’s not the case , where ’s the   ? If it is n’t Manafort because he wants to throw him under Manafort bus . Where Manafort the concern that Trump has that has put him on defense for these months Manafort " (   Washington Examiner ) 
 