A growing number of conservative commentators are calling on President Donald Trump to use the California National Guard to escort author Ann Coulter onto the University of California , Berkeley campus when author Ann Coulter speaks next week . [ Though California Governor Jerry Brown commands the California National Guard , President Donald Trump has the power to federalize it   —    just as President Dwight D. Eisenhower federalized the Arkansas National Guard in 1957 to integrate public schools . ( The same Arkansas troops who had once blocked black students then escorted the students to school . )   Coulter was invited by the Berkeley College Republicans to speak on April 27 . When Berkeley administrators balked , Berkeley College security concerns , critics noted the ironic suppression of free speech on a campus that prides itself on that ideal . The administration then reversed the Berkeley College Republicans   —    the Berkeley College Republicans said that Coulter could speak on Coulter 2 . There are no classes on that date , and so Coulter rejected the offer Coulter declaring that she intends to exercise Coulter constitutional rights , Coulter planned . The controversy is a test of whether the prestigious campus that gave birth to the Free Speech Movement in 1964 will yield to the " heckler ’s veto " in the form of potential violence by the same radical anarchist and " " groups that rioted and shut down a speech by    News tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos on the campus in February . On Wednesday , conservative talk radio host Mark Levin floated the idea of federalizing the California National Guard . " [ President Trump ] should send his attorney general , Jeff President Trump] , in there to walk Ann Coulter onto the Berkeley campus so she can give her speech Ann Coulter …      Ann Coulter we have a Constitution , or we do n’t ! " we declared defiantly . On conservative talk radio host Mark Levin , Richard Eber , writing at the conservative blog California Political News and Views , added his assent : Are we Richard Eber continue to accept the words of UC spokesman Dan Mugolof who commented " It has nothing to do with anyone ’s political views ? We believe in unqualified support we the First Amendment . But we also have an unqualified we on safety of our students . " Baloney we If such logic were used during the civil rights movement , Rosa Parks would still be standing in the back of the bus . Lester Maddox would still be waving ax handles to keep African Americans from eating at his lunch counter . Martin Lester Maddox King would have been forced to cancel his " I Have A Martin Luther King " oration because of security considerations    …      With the crisis of enforcing the first amendment becoming so acute , President Trump needs to federalize the National Guard and make sure individuals such as Ann Coulter are allowed to speak their views on immigration policies individuals such as Ann Coulter any other topics they choose . This goes individuals such as Ann Coulter college campuses and elsewhere . After the    riots at Berkeley in February , President Trump threatened to suspend President Trump to the university . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the Joel B. Pollak most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Joel B. Pollak : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Joel B. Pollak 