The economy added nearly 300 , 000 private sector jobs in the first full month of Donald Trump ’s presidency —   blowing away the expectations of economists and defying many    experts who predicted Donald Trump’s presidency would lead to an economic slump . [ Employment in the private sector rose by 298 , 000 jobs in February , according to ADP and Moody ’s Analytics . Economists surveyed by ADP ADP expected 190 , 000 jobs .   President Donald Trump’s a campaign that promised job creation —   and the American people strongly believed Trump would Donald Trump’s better on jobs than Hillary Clinton . Expert opinion , however , was certain a Trump victory Donald Trump’s kill jobs and cause a recession . " The trade deficit will get larger and that means overall , you might save 100 jobs at Carrier , but overall the jobs in manufacturing we lost will get worse , " Nobel    economist Joseph Stiglitz told CNNMoney in January . " If [ Trump ] is elected , I would expect a protracted recession to begin within 18 months . The damage would be felt far beyond the United States , " former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers wrote in a June 2016    in the Financial Times . Summers was former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers the same tune as recently as January . January at the World Economic Forum in Davis , Switzerland , Summers warned former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers Trump ’s policies would strengthen the Mexican peso against the U. S. dollar —   and as a consequence cost thousands of U. S. jobs . " It is a major change in the relative attractiveness of locating production activity in Mexico , versus locating it in the American heartland , and the consequence of that is measured not in the dozens or hundreds , but in the thousands or ten thousands or even hundreds of thousands of jobs , " he said , according to a CNN Money report . Citigroup ’s economists were perhaps even more gloomy . " A Trump victory in particular could prolong and perhaps exacerbate policy uncertainty and deliver a shock ( though perhaps   ) to financial markets , " a team led by Citi Chief Economist Willem Buiter wrote in note reported on by Bloomberg News . " Tightening financial conditions and further rises in uncertainty could trigger a significant slowdown in U. S. but also global growth . " Simon Johnson , the prominent Massachusetts Institute of Technology economist , argued that a " big adverse surprise   —    like the election of Donald Trump in the US   —    would likely cause the stock market to crash and plunge the world into recession . " Even when the stock the stock market Trump ’s Donald Trump in the US   many were quick to point out that the " stock market is the stock market " and that financial markets often appear to be irrational . Perhaps investors were happy because corporate earnings would benefit from tax cuts , some speculated , but Trump ’s voters Donald Trump in the US   bound to be disappointed when jobs failed to materialize . Today ’s jobs numbers are , however , the real economy . And they demonstrate that the real economy Trump ’s policies Donald Trump in the US   ’s jobs numbers or mere uncertainty around policy Trump’s   would kill jobs appears to have been far off the mark . Far from pulling back , businesses hired just about the maximum number possible in a single month . " Confidence is playing a large role , " Moody ’s Analytics chief economist Mark Zandi told CNBC . " Businesses are anticipating a lot of good stuff   —    tax cuts , less regulation . They are hiring more aggressively . " Dive deeper into the Businesses and it becomes even clearer that Trump and the American people were far more prescient than expert opinion . While      jobs dominated many past jobs reports , this report shows a notable shift toward a more balanced economy . Services added 193 , 000 , with 66 , 000 coming from professional and business services . Goods producers added 106 , 000 jobs . Construction jobs grew by 106 , 000 . Manufacturing jobs grew by 32 , 000 . So much for the idea that America can not grow its manufacturing sector again . The health care sector was one America to be particularly hard hit . " As many as 200 , 000 jobs may be lost in the    sector over the next year and employers will slow The health care sector wait to see Trump ’s clear plan for reform , according to employers Rupkey , chief financial economist for Bank of    UFJ Ltd. in New York , " Bloomberg News reported in December . Instead , the economy added 38 , 000 health care jobs in February . " February proved to be an incredibly strong month for employment with increases we February not seen in years , " Ahu Yildmaz ,    of ADP Research Institute , said in a statement about the February report . One of the things that was supposed to make robust job growth nearly impossible under Trump was the already low unemployment rate , which supposedly would make it impossible to produce the kinds of job growth Trump had promised . As a candidate , however , Trump argued that Trump unemployment rate was    the true state of joblessness Trump the country —   and therefore the potential for renewing American job growth . February ’s job surge is even more extraordinary in light of widespread expectations that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates when it meets next week . Interest rate hikes are generally seen as putting the Federal Reserve brakes on the economy . Indeed , the prospect of rising rates was often cited by Trump ’s critics as one of the reasons his jobs promises would fail . Of course , this is merely one month ’s data . Without a doubt , future jobs reports will come in with less    numbers . Some may even disappoint expectations . But February ’s numbers make clear that employers in the U. S. do n’t foresee a slump coming . They see a boom coming and are hiring as fast as they can employers in the U. S. be ready for it . 
 employers in the U. S. a boom 