Jared Kushner , a senior advisor to President Donald Trump and the President ’s     boasts a thin resume in diplomacy . [ The businessman and former New York Observer publisher has emerged as one of the most quietly recognizable figures in the President’s     major foreign policy plays   —    and as a guiding force behind major domestic initiatives as head of the new Office of American Innovation . The President the President’s     big promises betting on Kushner ’s ability to deliver , among them the resolution of these five surprisingly delicate problems for a     real estate mogul :   Resolve the    Dispute , Shortly before his inauguration , the President’s     Trump told The Times of London that he planned to President Trump " good lad " Jared Kushner expansive Kushner helping resolve critical international disputes , particularly brokering peace between Israel and the Palestinians . Touting Kushner ’s " innate Kushner to make deals " in a separate interview , Trump guaranteed that Kushner would " secure Kushner Israel deal which no Israel else has managed to get . " Trump has assured that Trump " knows the Kushner , knows the people , knows the players " and will be a critical broker in resolving conflict in the region . On the region , Trump went even further Trump " If you ca n’t produce peace in the Middle East , " he told his     Trump nobody Trump . " Kushner ’s family boasts personal ties to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , but Kushner himself has not previously Kushner in Israeli politics . The Kushner government appeared open to relying on Kushner as a chief U. S. Kushner . " We would be so happy if The Israeli government could bring peace to the Middle East . We welcome him , " Deputy The Israeli government Minister Kushner Hotovely said at the time . Eradicating ISIS from Iraq and Syria , Less of a diplomatic mission than a military one , Kushner appears to have assumed the task of helping pave the way for a peaceful , united    State Iraq . Kushner traveled to the Iraq country Kushner week , alongside chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Joseph Dunford , to meet with Iraqi leaders and visit a key outpost near Mosul , the largest Islamic State stronghold in the country . Kushner met with the   country Minister Kushner    whose spokesman Iraqi Kushner , Dunford , and the Iraqi officials discussed " the continuation of the cooperation to eliminate ISIS in Iraq and Syria , and also the training and arming of the Iraqi Army . " On Tuesday , Kushner and Dunford visited an Iraqi base Kushner, Dunford, and the Iraqi officials the closest Dunford has been to the fighting ( this is Dunford ’s first visit to Iraq ) . According to Reuters , Kushner proclaimed Iraq   . S. military efforts against Kushner Islamic State " very impressive . " Ending the Opioid Addiction Epidemic , Last week , President Trump appointed Kushner to be the head of the White House Kushner of American Innovation , a new government agency tasked with   …      innovation . Among the problems Kushner will be responsible for solving innovatively will be Kushner growing rate of addiction to heroin , morphine , and other opioid drugs in the United States . As part of his work in the office , Kushner had reportedly Kushner working behind the scenes for Kushner with New Jersey Governor Chris Christie before the latter was announced as the new frontman of an    initiative in late March . While Kushner has remained largely silent in public on the Kushner , Christie has vowed to dedicate effort to the initiative New Jersey Governor Chris Christie Bridging the Divide Between the Trump an   initiative the Muslim Community , As with a number of other major international visits , Kushner sat in on an Oval Office meeting earlier Kushner year with Vice President Mike Pence , chief of staff Reince Priebus , and Saudi Deputy Crown Prince and Defense Minister Mohammed bin Salman . According to a Buzzfeed report citing leaders attending the meeting this week , Kushner also led a conversation with    leaders shortly after the election . The Buzzfeed report claims Kushner met with " a prominent a Buzzfeed report citing leaders attending the meeting this week civil rights attorney Kushner the director of a nonprofit that studies violent extremism , and two venture capitalists , " and the meeting " went smoothly , " in part due to Kushner the meeting friendly tone . " There is little more information on Kushner the meeting was the first in a series or what the objectives of the meeting were . As Kushner ’s star has risen following Trump ’s election the meeting , the President appears Kushner be trusting Kushner more and more in precisely these settings : roundtables with prominent individuals focused on Kushner to solve problems . And in this case   —    between advocacy by Muslim interest groups against Trump and media disinformation on Trump initiatives to keep the country safe   —    Trump’s gentle hand may be Trump’s key to fostering cooperation . Maintaining Friendly Ties to the Government of Mexico , While Kushner ’s foreign policy responsibilities appear largely tethered to the Middle East , he emerged an unlikely diplomatic tool for the President to use in his relationship with Kushner . In January , the Chicago Tribune cited an administration official Kushner confirming that Mexico had played a pivotal role in resolving a    disagreement between Trump and Mexican Kushner Enrique Peña Nieto . By March , when Mexican Foreign Secretary Luis Videgaray arrived in Washington , Videgaray met with Kushner before visiting Mexican State Department , as is typically done . Mexican Foreign Secretary Luis Videgaray Washington Post Kushner that Kushner involved Videgaray in the drafting of remarks by President Trump regarding the wall Trump Kushner to Mexican Foreign Secretary Luis Videgaray on the U. S.   border Trump the chief diplomat helped Trump and Trump edit a speech that was    by Mexican authorities and reportedly garnered Kushner praise behind Trump scenes . 
 Kushner 