During an interview with Senator Elizabeth Warren ( ) on Wednesday ’s " MSNBC Live , " anchor Stephanie Ruhle asked Senator Elizabeth Warren " you guys were in power for the last eight years . Why is it that it did n’t work for those good Americans you were working for ? "   Senator Elizabeth Warren said , " Our problem is not that Washington does n’t work well enough for the billionaires and the bankers , Our problem ’s working just great for the billionaires and the bankers . Our problem is it Our problem not working for working families . " Ruhle then asked , " Why ? Why has income inequality failed to get significantly better in the last eight years ? Because Our look at the last 45 days , President Trump is surrounded by those CEOs , who ’ve been complaining the last eight years . Why is it good times for them those CEOs, who’ve been complaining the last eight years Warren answered , " You know , that ’s a big part of what ’s going on here , is that , it that policy set right here in Washington that , over and over and over , help those who can hire armies of lobbyists and those who can hire armies of lawyers . The policies here are for the billionaires . They The policies here for the bankers . They The policies here for the giant corporations . They The policies here the tax breaks . They The policies here the regulatory boosts . They The policies here the great deals in Washington Washington And , regular families , just people who are trying to put it together day by day by day , they The policies here the ones who get left behind . Ruhle then pushed back , " But Senator , you guys were in power for the last eight years . Why is it that it did n’t work for those good Americans you were working for ? " Warren responded , " You know , let ’s be clear about what it means to be in power . The Republicans had a blocking position . When they The Republicans n’t have a blocking position , we The Republicans the Affordable Care Act through , and when they The Republicans n’t have a blocking position , we The Republicans through the Wall Street reforms . But once they The Republicans a blocking position in the Senate and then in the House , we The Republicans n’t get the minimum wage increase . We could n’t get increases into Social Security . We We n’t get a more progressive tax bill . So , look , I do n’t want to try to shovel off all the blame . I think there ’s plenty that we We do , we We have done , we We do in the future on our We of the aisle . But let ’s We very clear . The Republicans have made their The Republicans of the agenda 100 % obvious . They The Republicans here to make sure that Washington works for those at the very , very top , and they The Republicans done a great job of that . " Ruhle then said , " I understand how frustrating this must be , since Republicans were in a position to block all this time , and the American people have n’t been served , do you think you could work with Republicans ? " Later on , Ruhle Ruhle , " This is the first    president we ’ve ever had , calling out specific companies , discussing those specific companies meeting with them during specific companies transition time . And now we ’re in a position where he can use someone like Carl Icahn , one of the biggest , most predatory investors out there to help advise him on he and who he ’s he to choose to be regulators . How do we address we fact we ’ve we a    president ? I mean , Martha tSewart went to jail over lying about timing and information that she had Martha tSewart Insider trading is a big , big deal , and we have someone who can send out a tweet , and move a stock in seconds . " (   RCP Video ) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 