Christian and Yazidi Iraqis lament the dire future facing Christian and Yazidi Iraqis minority communities in new video footage obtained by Breitbart News . Christian and Yazidi Iraqis have nearly been eradicated by the genocidal Islamic State ( ) . [ " We do not have any future here , " proclaimed Rooney Sakaria , a member of the    Assyrian Christian fighting group known as the Nineveh Plain Protection Units ( NPU ) .   " Maybe we We not have life here , " he Rooney Sakaria, a member of the   Assyrian Christian fighting group known as the Nineveh Plain Protection Units (NPU) . Sakaria made his Rooney Sakaria, a member of the   Assyrian Christian fighting group known as the Nineveh Plain Protection Units (NPU) during a discussion with a Yazidi translator who asked to use the pseudonym Adam for fear of his the pseudonym Adam . The a Yazidi translator who asked to use the pseudonym Adam for fear of his safety with the NPU Fighter that there is no future for their communities in a Yazidi translator who asked to use the pseudonym Adam for fear of his safety . " We [ have a Yazidi translator who asked to use the pseudonym Adam for fear of his safety the same problems , " declared Adam , adding Adam " It ’s just from genocide to genocide to genocide . We ’ve lost a Yazidi translator who asked to use the pseudonym Adam for fear of his safety lot Christians . We ’ve lost a Yazidi translator who asked to use the pseudonym Adam for fear of his safety lot of Yazidis . We have lost a Yazidi translator who asked to use the pseudonym Adam for fear of his safety a lot of Sunnis . We ’ve lost a Yazidi translator who asked to use the pseudonym Adam for fear of his safety lot of Shias , but we ’re still a Yazidi translator who asked to use the pseudonym Adam for fear of his safety victims as minorities . " Through the perspective of an Iraqi Catholic priest , a member of a Christian militia , a radio D. J. and a translator , the footage provided a glimpse of the conflicting emotions felt by many members of the    country ’s minority groups . " We all know that the world is not fair , okay ? " said    Christian Noor Mati , a radio DJ from Detroit currently based in the capital of Iraqi Kurdistan Erbil . " We do n’t ask for too much   —    just a chance to survive [ and ] just a chance to be alive , that ’s it , " added the DJ and founder of the Shlama Foundation , an organization that helps refugees .   A Breitbart News source , who asked to be identified only as M. P. for fear of retaliation , spoke to the Christians and Yazidi in different parts of Iraq last month as the U. S.   local forces fought to push ISIS out of Mosul , the capital of northern Iraq ’s Nineveh province . Retaking Mosul , the second largest city in Iraq , is Iraq to break the jihadist organization ’s hold over its territory in the jihadist organization country and Iraq    caliphate up the jihadist organization The fight for Mosul , believed to be the ISIS’ last major stronghold , has been raging since   . Despite the toll the    genocide took on their community , not the   genocide Christians expressed reservations about their current predicament and not all Christians . Father Immanuel , a Syriac Catholic priest from the besieged city of Mosul , expressed confidence that President Donald Trump will keep his promise to protect President Donald Trump support the ethnoreligious minority groups victimized by ISIS . " I prayed for Trump until he became President Donald Trump president President Donald Trump I love him , " the President Donald Trump priest , who also serves as the manager of a refugee camp , said during an interview , later adding , " Trump is the voice President Donald Trump the minority people who live in the Middle East . He is the only President Donald Trump who understands our suffering   …     " Father Immanuel ’s comments echo other Christians in Iraq who recently expressed hope in President Trump . Sakaria President Donald Trump also expressed some optimism that President Trump may alleviate their President Donald Trump . " I Sakaria and Adam Mr. Trump can do something for President Donald Trump , " said the NPU fighter . " We hope that , " added Sakaria . " Thank you , Mr. Trump , if you can do President Donald Trump " The    fighter from Qaraqosh , the largest Christian town in northern Iraq ’s Nineveh province before ISIS destroyed it . 
 ISIS 