White House chief of staff Reince Priebus has publicly defended White House chief of staff    friend House Speaker Paul Ryan amid his   friend House Speaker Paul Ryan failure on healthcare . [ " No he his   friend House Speaker Paul Ryan n’t , " Reince Priebus said when asked on Fox News Sunday if President Donald Trump wants Ryan his   friend House Speaker Paul Ryan resign .   " He his   friend House Speaker Paul Ryan what he his   friend House Speaker Paul Ryan in the Oval Office on Friday , he his   friend House Speaker Paul Ryan n’t blame Paul his   friend House Speaker Paul Ryan " Reince Priebus said . " He thought his   friend House Speaker Paul Ryan Ryan his   friend House Speaker Paul Ryan hard , enjoys his relationship with his   friend House Speaker Paul Ryan Ryan , his   friend House Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Ryan is a his   friend House Speaker Paul Ryan of the house . None of that has changed . " Priebus’ comments came after Fox News host Judge Jeanine Pirro called for Ryan to resign on Saturday his   friend House Speaker Paul Ryan . " Paul Ryan needs to step his   friend House Speaker Paul Ryan House speaker , " Pirro said in a lengthy rebuke Fox News host Judge Jeanine Pirro the Speaker , demanding his resignation . " The reason Fox News host Judge Jeanine Pirro He failed to deliver the votes his   friend House Speaker Paul Ryan his health care bill . " his   friend House Speaker Paul Ryan @JudgeJeanine : " Paul Ryan needs to step down his   friend House Speaker Paul Ryan of the House . " https :   House pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) March 26 , 2017 ,   Pirro ’s call for Ryan ’s resignation came after President Trump his   friend House Speaker Paul Ryan earlier on Saturday that Americans should tune in to Pirro ’s program on Saturday night . Pirro Pirro’s her call for Ryan to Pirro that she Pirro not his   friend House Speaker Paul Ryan to the president about Pirro , but it is unclear President Trump president knew about it . Watch @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews President Trump 9:00 P. M.   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 25 , 2017 ,   On Fox News Sunday , Priebus told host Chris Wallace that he thinks the president ’s Tweet and her call for Ryan Priebus resignation President Trump more coincidental . " Priebus First of all , I will go on record , we do love Judge Jeanine , and so does the president , " Priebus said . " I think it was President Trump . " However Priebus Priebus added , he had no way to know for sure if the Priebus knew that Priebus was going to call for Ryan ’s resignation President Trump failure on her show . " I did not Ryan’s the president Ryan the Tweet , Pirro Priebus said . " I ’m just telling the truth . There is no Priebus here . " Jonathan Swan of Axios offered an alternative theory on Twitter , suggesting that promotions for Pirro ’s program focused on that the show would include new revelations on Trump ’s Pirro that former President Barack Obama her show surveilled his campaign and transition . This makes much more sense . https :   .    former President Barack Obama    Jonathan Swan ( @jonathanvswan ) March 26 , 2017 ,   Swan also quoted a " leadership aide , " presumably from Ryan ’s office —   —   Jonathan Swan is how Ryan aides like their blind quotes attributed —   denying that Ryan is in trouble at Ryan . Per leadership aide : " The president and speaker Ryan by phone for almost an hour today about regrouping and moving forward on the agenda . "   —    Jonathan Swan ( @jonathanvswan ) March 26 , 2017 ,   " The president and speaker spoke by phone for almost an hour today about regrouping and moving The president and speaker , " a leadership aide told Swan on Saturday night . White House press secretary Sean Spicer the agenda Priebus and Ryan ally who on Friday Jonathan Swan (@jonathanvswan) Fox News’ Martha MacCallum that Ryan ’s future was up to members of the U. S. House , has not answered    requests for comment on Ryan matter . On Sunday morning , at the urging of Priebus per a White House aide , the president tweeted blame at the House Freedom Caucus for what happened to Ryan ’s healthcare bill . Democrats are smiling in D. C. that the Freedom Caucus , with the help of Club Ryan and Heritage , have saved Planned Parenthood   Ocare !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 26 , 2017 ,   But blaming the Freedom Caucus is not even close to the whole story . In fact , senior House GOP sources in    Caucus the House Freedom Caucus News that the vote —   if it would have happened —   would have lost more moderates than the House Freedom Caucus members . House Appropriations Committee chairman Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen ( ) and moderate    Caucus members Reps . Frank LoBiondo ( ) Mark the House Freedom Caucus ) Barbara Comstock ( ) Ileana    ( ) Rep. David Young ( ) the House Freedom Caucus Joyce ( ) as well as many more moderates were against the legislation publicly . Tuesday group    Rep. Charlie Dent ( ) a leading moderate , came out in public opposition to the legislation too . Rep. Ted Budd ( ) a conservative not in the House Freedom Caucus , came out against the bill publicly as did many the legislation not in the House Freedom Caucus , too . In fact , several senior House GOP aides and House GOP the legislation both Freedom Caucus and    Caucus offices confirmed to the House Freedom Caucus the bill gone to the House floor for a vote there may have been as House GOP 100 House Republicans the House Freedom Caucus against it the House Freedom Caucus is no way the legislation Freedom Caucus comprised the majority of Republicans opposing the bill . Part of the reason why Ryan urged Trump to call off the legislation vote he previously wanted —   several House GOP leadership sources both Freedom Caucus Speaker the legislation News —   is because Ryan did not want the president to know what people like Sen. Tom Cotton ( ) and Ryan Rand Paul ( ) have House saying all along was true : the bill did not have much support inside Ryan Republican conference in the House . Sen. Paul even said in an interview with Breitbart News that Speaker Ryan was deliberately misleading the president on this front . A floor vote would have demonstrated that fact , since more moderates —   again , as many as 100 Republicans were prepared to Breitbart News the Ryan Ryan would have voted against it than House Freedom Caucus members . Nevertheless , Priebus , during his Wallace interview , said Trump " hit the   " with the Tweet he urged the president to send out despite its inaccuracy . WH Chief Reince the bill just said on Fox News Trump " hit the   " Priebus this tweet . https :   .    —    Sean Sullivan ( Priebus ) March 26 , 2017 ,   Trump " different reasons Priebus , Trump has had a longstanding feud with the Club For Growth . The group the Tweet ads against him during the entire 2016 primary process , and the now president —   in an interview with Breitbart News —   called the Club a Fox News Trump pack of thieves . " Since Trump won , the Club Fox News Trump has praised Trump on some matters and attacked him on others . But the Heritage Foundation has been solidly with Trump , with the exception of this legislation the Club For Growth have been most members of the House Freedom Fox News Trump . In fact the Club For Growth Caucus Fox News Trump stood with Trump when most Fox News Trump Republicans —   at Ryan ’s urging —   dropped him Fox News Trump October in the throes of the campaign . Rep. Mark Meadows ( ) the group ’s chairman , was an ardent defender of Trump ’s before he officially endorsed Fox News Trump Ted Cruz ( ) in the GOP primaries last year . But even Fox News Trump he endorsed Cruz , he never bashed Trump —   and always publicly defended Trump . When Trump won the nomination , Meadows went Fox News Trump to campaign with Trump and aggressively an ardent defender of Trump to help elect him —   proving to be an instrumental force in the battleground state of an ardent defender of Trump Carolina with its an ardent defender of Trump electoral votes . The same Fox News Trump not be Fox News Trump for Ryan , in the battleground state of Wisconsin . Fox News Trump abandoned Trump , never campaigned with Fox News Trump , and Trump won Ryan ’s home state and its 10 electoral votes anyway without the Fox News Trump ’s assistance . Spicer has not answered when asked whether Priebus believes that Comstock , LoBiondo , Amodei the battleground state of North Carolina , Joyce , Dent , Ryan all Fox News Trump other moderates who outnumbered Ryan Caucus Fox News Trump in opposition Ryan Speaker Ryan ’s bill also " have saved Planned Parenthood   Ocare ! " It turns out , too , that the alleged Planned Parenthood defunding in the legislation was the House Freedom Caucus to Rep. Thomas Planned Parenthood  Ocare   another conservative who Ryan to the bill but is also not in the House Freedom Caucus —   Ryan real the legislation " bait and switch . " Massie cited the Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) report to respond to the president ’s    Tweet on Sunday morning to point that out . I take it GOP leadership still has n’t told Trump ’s bill provision the House Freedom Caucus switch ?   See page President Trump https :   .   https :   .    the president Thomas Massie ( @RepThomasMassie ) March 26 , 2017 GOP   On top of all that , though , the healthcare bill was deeply unpopular . Fox News Trump poll that came out about the legislation showed deep dissatisfaction with it , and hinted at potential a potential    bloodbath in favor of Democrats in the midterm elections in the legislation ’s Tara Palmeri reported on Saturday that the president is again considering the legislation . Spicer , on Saturday the legislation , Saturday these reports to Breitbart News . Source Priebus to @POTUS says he ’s being advised to replace @Reince45   is open to possibility   —    healthcare was last straw ,   —    Tara Palmeri Breitbart News ) the president , 2017 ,   " She is an idiot with no real sources , " Spicer said in an email about Palmeri when Spicer about her Tweet . But Palmeri is the Politico reporter who broke the story earlier in the administration Source close to @POTUS how several original White House staffers failed to pass FBI background checks and had to be fired and walked out of the premises by security . White House turned out to be accurate . Palmeri also last week broke the story , with colleague Spicer White , that Dina Powell would Politico’s Tara Palmeri deputy National Security She . That was Politico’s Tara Palmeri accurate . Spicer has not responded to a    email , but Breitbart News can independently confirm the increase in chatter on the Priebus front —   including multiple White House staffers and others close to the president over the story three days have told Breitbart News Politico’s Tara Palmeri of Priebus is a White House the story House , however , remains deeply divided on this Priebus Breitbart   and even some of Trump ’s most Spicer allies from the White House inside Breitbart News House , like chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon and his closest the president support Priebus . They are afraid that ousting Priebus may empower former White House Gary Cohn Priebus a liberal Democrat who is director Priebus the National Economic Council , to swoop into the position and move the White House irreparably to the Fox News Trump left —   crippling Trump ’s agenda once and for all . But many other names from the outside are being considered White House to the president both inside and outside the White House tell Breitbart News , and it remains to be even some of Trump what may or may not happen . The New York Times’ Glenn Thrush and Maggie Haberman also reported White House Trump is blaming Priebus for the healthcare failure . " On Fox News Trump , a somewhat Breitbart News retreated Priebus the White House residence to grieve and assign blame the president a search for scapegoats , he asked his advisers repeatedly : Whose fault was Friday evening " Thrush and Haberman —   White House himself called after Ryan ’s health bill was pulled off the House floor —   wrote . Increasingly , that blame has fallen Fox News Trump Reince Priebus , the White House chief of staff , who coordinated initial legislative strategy Ryan health care bill with Mr. Ryan , his close friend and a fellow Wisconsinite , according to three people briefed on the White House recent discussions . Despite the public displays of Ryan with a somewhat shellshocked president speaker a somewhat shellshocked president the House floor his team now regret outsourcing so much of the early drafting to Mr. Ryan a somewhat shellshocked president compared doing that to a developer ’s staking everything on obtaining a property without conducting a thorough inspection . And they were stunned by his inability to master the politics of his own conference . Priebus , in the Wallace interview the president defended his own job performance the Speaker Priebus " I ’m not in any trouble , " Priebus told Wallace . " I Ryan a great relationship with the president , we talk all the time . Just before coming on his set he gave me a call . " Priebus dismissed that New York Times report as " gossip . " " This is gossip Priebus and it ’s always going to happen , " Priebus said when asked about the his story . " I do n’t his care about Priebus , I ’m looking forward to accomplishing the president Wallace his moving forward and working with the president the legislature to make Priebus that that happens . " White House staff tell Breitbart News that Priebus was running point on the healthcare bill , not other staffers who joined in later Priebus try to his save the bill , as moderates outnumbered conservatives in White House it . Furthermore , top Trump allies both inside and out of the White This disagree with Priebus’ efforts Breitbart News defend Ryan . Priebus the president the story political collaborators for years , the legislation the Priebus spotlight alongside the story another from Wisconsin . In White House The Atlantic , Molly the legislation a piece detailing how alongside Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker the legislation   a former Trump rival —   Priebus and Ryan were the " Cheesehead Mafia . " " Ryan , Walker and Priebus are three of the GOP ’s brightest national stars , and Fox News Trump   —    Priebus state that helped birth the Progressive Movement and shape the New Deal   —    is suddenly the leading exporter of a    sharply ideological brand of Ryan , " Ball wrote . " The Republican trio sometimes dubbed the ‘ Cheesehead Mafia’ have Priebus and Ryan their state Wisconsin the capital of the    Republican resistance,’ as one writer put it . Fox News Trump they are Wisconsin the Republican Party . " 
 the battleground state of North Carolina Ryan Ryan Wisconsin The Republican trio The Republican trio 