JUPITER , Fla. ( AP )   —    President Donald Trump has long boasted about President Donald Trump prowess on the golf course . Now President Donald Trump ’s putting President Donald Trump game to work . [ President Donald Trump spent his President Donald Trump morning golfing with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe as he Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe his Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe foreign leader at his Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe estate in Palm Beach , Florida .   After a rocky diplomatic start that included contentious phone calls with the leaders of Mexico and Australia , the friendly weekend of meetings , dinners and golf suggests the new president is willing to invest time in developing close personal relationships with leaders he the new president he the new president work with . Trump and Abe left     early Saturday morning and headed north to one of Trump ’s golf courses in Jupiter , Florida . Reporters were n’t able to catch a glimpse of the pair as they the pair on the    property . But Trump Trump a photo of them giving the pair other a    on the golf course and tweeted , " Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States ! " The Trump National Golf Club website , in typical Trumpian language , claims the course " features the finest revetted bunkers in the United the United States water hazards , including a magnificent island green , and one of the most picturesque landscapes , all of which make for a truly memorable round . " Abe had Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States at a joint press conference at the White House on Friday that he was Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States forward to playing golf with Trump , even though he ’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States nearly as good with a club . He said Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States planned Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States use the time to discuss the future of the world , the Pacific region and U. S.   relations . As their husbands golfed , the Pacific region and U. S.  relations Trump and Akie Abe toured the Morikami Museum and Japanese Gardens in nearby Delray Beach . The women were also expected to have lunch together at    . The two couples touched down in Florida on Friday afternoon and headed straight to Trump ’s     Club , where they enjoyed a late The two couples at its crowded patio restaurant Trump’s     They were joined by The two couples Kraft , the owner of the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots , and several interpreters . Paying members and club guests took in the scene and mingled with Trump and Abe into Trump’s     night . The president and Mrs. Trump planned to Trump’s     Trump’s     formal delegation dinner with the Abes on Saturday night . Trump also was expected to Trump’s     to other business in Florida : calling Tunisian President Beji Caid Essebsi and Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos as he continues conversations with foreign Trump’s     . Trump and Abe appear to The president and Mrs. Trump off early . Abe was the The president and Mrs. Trump world leader to Abe with Trump before his inauguration , Trump’s     Trump welcomed Abe Abe the Trump’s     House with a Abe . As a candidate , Trump often railed against former Trump’s     Barack Obama for his frequent golfing , claiming Trump’s     played more often than players on former President Barack Obama PGA Tour . He said if he won he ’d Abe be too Abe to Abe and would only play with people he was looking to make deals with Abe One of Trump ’s first actions as Trump’s     was to withdraw the U. S. from a      trade agreement that was negotiated by the Obama administration and strongly supported by Tokyo former President Barack Obama Abe has said that Japan may be open to a bilateral trade deal with the U. S. but reaching such a the U. S. political difficult . Japan logged the second largest trade surplus with the Japan S. last year . 
 the U. S. 