   Tina Fey called out    white female Donald Trump voters during a Friday night fundraiser for the American Civil Liberties Union , suggesting that those women who voted for Trump during November ’s election might want to " forget " about the outcome and resume watching cable television . [ During an interview at the    ACLU benefit , the     comedian and former Saturday Night Live cast member urged white women not to " look away " during Trump presidency ,   " The thing that I kind of keep focusing on is the idea that we sort of need to hold the edges , that it ’s sort of like a lot of this election was turned by kinda white    women who would now maybe like to forget about this this election go back to watching HGTV and I would want to urge them , kinda white   women who would now maybe like to forget about this election and go back to watching HGTV You ca n’t look away,’ " Fey said , according to the New York Post‘s Page Six . " Because it does n’t affect you this minute , but it ’s it to affect you eventually , " she added " Fey According to    statistics compiled by the New York Times , 53 percent of white , female voters voted for Trump over former Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton . Additionally , 44 percent of    white female voters voted for Trump . Trump I personally will make my own pledge as a    white woman to not look away , to not pretend that things that are happening now wo n’t eventually affect me if we do n’t put a stop to it , " Fey reportedly added at the end of the interview . Friday night ’s " Stand for Rights : A Benefit for the ACLU "   —    which was streamed live on Facebook   —    drew a number of celebrities including Tom Hanks , Tracy Morgan , Mahershala Ali , Jon Hamm ,    Miranda , Amy Poehler and Maggie Gyllenhaal . During the event , Fey said that Trump ’s pronouncement of April as National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month must have been an April Fools’ Day joke : " So now we know what he gave Trump for Lent , " she joked Fey Fey is Fey the only celebrity to criticize white , female voters for casting their ballots for Trump . Trump an essay published three days after Trump defeated Trump , actress Lena Dunham said she found actress Lena Dunham " painful " that white women had been unable to see past their " white women privilege " to vote for the Democratic candidate . " It ’s painful to know that white women , so unable to see the unity of female identity , so unable to look past their violent female identity , and so inoculated with hate for themselves , female identity up to the polls for him , female identity Dunham wrote . Talk show host Chelsea Handler also criticized female Trump voters in an essay published in December . " One of the saddest things about November 8 were the women of America who somehow managed to vote for Donald Trump , specifically the 53 % percent of all white female voters who chose Mr. Trump , " Handler wrote Chelsea Handler    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 