Pop megastar Katy Perry made an impassioned plea for people to " " and said that " barriers " or " borders " could detract from that goal in an interview following the terrorist bombing at an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester , U. K. on Monday night that claimed the lives of at least 22 people and injured dozens of others . [ In an interview Tuesday on Elvis Duran and the Morning Show , the " Chained to the Rhythm " singer suggested that people " unite " following the tragedy , which occurred as young fans and people parents were leaving the    arena at around 10:35 p. m. local time .   " Whatever we say behind people ’s backs , the Internet can be a little bit ruthless as far as fan bases go but I think that the greatest thing we can do is just unite and love on each other , " Perry said , adding , " No barriers , no borders , we all just need to   . " A suspected suicide bomber , identified as Salman Abedi , detonated what is believed to be a nail bomb as    were exiting the Manchester Arena . A suspected suicide bomber, identified as Salman Abedi took the lives of at least 22 people , many of them at least 22 people , and wounded at least 59 more . Grande has reportedly suspended her tour , tweeting late Monday that the A suspected suicide bomber, identified as Salman Abedi left her " her . " broken . from the bottom of my heart , i am so so sorry . i do n’t have words .   —    Ariana Grande ( @ArianaGrande ) May 23 , 2017 ,   Perry , for her part Perry said Tuesday that " we ’re just all loving on each other and we should we stay loving on each other . " " If this gets out to anyone , I just want to say that I love all of you out there and I just know that some of our fan we kind of go both ways . Ari ’s fans are my fans , and my fans my fans ’s Ari’s " Perry added . " Tell everyone , ‘ I love you’ today . " Perry ’s preference for Perry " borders " or " barriers " may come from her staunch opposition to Perry Donald Trump ,   who promised during the 2016 campaign to build a security wall on the U. S.   border . The singer was a Perry of former Democratic presidential contender Hillary Clinton , and previously marched in the    Women ’s March on Washington shortly after Trump ’s inauguration . The     star has subsequently Trump era of " purposeful " pop music and established herself as a vocal member of the Trump " Resistance " movement .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 