According to reports , NBA Champs the Golden State Warriors prepare to announce that the Golden State Warriors will refuse the offer to visit President Trump at the White House to celebrate the Golden State Warriors Championship win this year . [ Apparently the Golden State Warriors met not long after winning the NBA championship and decided unanimously not to accept the invitation to visit the the White House according to AJC . com .   The move may not come as a surprise since several the Golden State Warriors the Golden State Warriors criticized President Trump . In February , for instance , the Hill reported that Stephen Curry denigrated the president as something President Trump an asset : NBA MVP Stephen Curry of the Golden the Golden State Warriors in a recent interview with the Mercury President Trump , saying the president is an asset " if you President Trump ‘ et . ’ " Warriors coach Steve Kerr has also been heard attacking president Trump . The news breaks only a day President Trump Clemson Tigers the Mercury News White House to celebrate their January win over Alabama to clinch the NCAA National Championship the Clemson Tigers Despite the news appearing widely in sports media the Warriors insist that no such decision to skip the White House visit has been made . According to the the White House Warriors issued a statement Tuesday saying that " today is all about the Warriors the Warriors " and that they have not received an invitation to the the NCAA National Championship . The statement added the organization would make those decisions the White House necessary . Still , with a statement Tuesday saying that "today is all about celebrating our championship" and that they have not received an invitation to the White House sentiment coming from so many inside the team , it would not be much of a surprise if the offer to visit the White House was declined . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the White House igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 