California Governor Jerry Brown was expected to deliver a combative State of the State address on Tuesday , as California Governor Jerry Brown outlined California Governor Jerry Brown plans to fight President Donald Trump ’s policies on immigration , Obamacare and climate change . California Governor Jerry Brown did that   —    but departed from California Governor Jerry Brown prepared text to praise President Donald Trump ’s commitment to spend federal funds on infrastructure and to use union labor . [ Brown stated :   Fourth is infrastructure . Now , here ’s a topic where the President has stated the President firm intention to build and build big . the President then   : And , in fact , the President met with several labor leaders yesterday , and committed to a $ 1 trillion investment in public works across America . And I say : Amen to that , man ! Amen to that , brother ! We ’re America ! The legislature responded with a standing ovation . Brown continued : Here ’s what the President said in his the President address : " We will build new roads , and highways , and bridges , and airports , and tunnels , and railways all across our wonderful nation . " And in this , we our all work together   —    here in Sacramento and also in Washington as well . We our roads , we our tunnels , we our railroads , and even a dam that the president could help us our . He the president interjected : " We our get some applause there , should n’t we our " He the president referring to Republicans in the legislature , who have consistently pushed him the president build more dams to increase the state ’s water storage as a response to the recent drought .   On other issues , Brown the president a firm stand against the federal government , and vowed to continue the Golden State ’s    policy orientation : " California is not turning back . Not now , not ever . " Brown the president the session by swearing in California California new Attorney General , former U. S. Rep. Xavier Becerra ( ) . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He Joel B. Pollak named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His Joel B. Pollak book , How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him Joel B. Pollak Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 