Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg choked up while speaking about an illegal immigrant " DREAMer " during Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg Harvard commencement speech and declared that the fight against the forces of nationalism " is the struggle of our time . " [ Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg acknowledged on Thursday that " there are people left behind by globalization across the world " and even conceded that " there are people in every country for global connection and good people against it . "   " It ’s hard to care about people in other places if we do n’t feel good about we lives here at home , " Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg said . " There ’s pressure to turn inwards . " Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg then said , though , that the struggle of we time will be between " the forces of freedom , openness and global community against the forces of authoritarianism , isolationism and nationalism . " " Forces for the flow of knowledge , trade and immigration against those who would slow trade and immigration down , " Forces for the flow of knowledge, trade and immigration against those who would slow them down continued . " This is not a battle of nations , This ’s a battle of ideas . " Zuckerberg then choked up as Zuckerberg told the graduates that one of Zuckerberg top students at the Boys and Girls Club where Zuckerberg volunteers Zuckerberg time was a DREAMer who " raised Zuckerberg hand and said Zuckerberg was n’t sure Zuckerberg could go [ to college ] because Zuckerberg ’s undocumented . Zuckerberg did n’t know if he’s undocumented ’d let Zuckerberg in . " Zuckerberg said Zuckerberg took Zuckerberg out for Zuckerberg birthday and when Zuckerberg asked Zuckerberg what Zuckerberg wanted , " Zuckerberg started talking about students Zuckerberg saw struggling and said , ‘ you know , I ’d really just like a book on social justice . ’ " Zuckerberg said Zuckerberg was " blown away " because " here ’s a young guy who has every reason to be cynical . Zuckerberg did n’t know if the country Zuckerberg calls home —   the only one Zuckerberg ’s known —   would deny Zuckerberg Zuckerberg dream of going to college . But Zuckerberg was n’t feeling sorry for Zuckerberg . Zuckerberg was n’t even thinking of Zuckerberg . Zuckerberg has a greater sense of purpose , and Zuckerberg ’s going to bring people along with Zuckerberg . " " It says something about our current situation that I ca n’t even say Zuckerberg name because I do n’t want to put Zuckerberg at risk . But if a high school senior who does n’t know what the future holds can do a high school senior who doesn’t know what the future holds part to move the world forward , then our owe it to the world to do his part too , " a high school senior who doesn’t know what the future holds said as a high school senior who doesn’t know what the future holds started to tear up . Zuckerberg ’s political advocacy group , FWD . us , called    Donald Trump ’s immigration plan " absurd " while unsuccessfully lobbying for amnesty legislation and an unlimited number of    visas for the technology industry to import more foreign workers to displace Americans . Zuckerberg ’s Zuckerberg’s also made waves because he said " Zuckerberg’s should explore ideas like universal basic income to give everyone a cushion to try new things . " 
 