Shia LaBeouf has taken Shia LaBeouf Trump art exhibit to New Mexico after its New Mexico venue , New York City ’s Museum of the Moving Image , shut down the project earlier this month . [ In a statement on the exhibit ’s website , LaBeouf Shia LaBeouf collaborators Nastja Sade Ronkko and Luke Turner said they LaBeouf and collaborators Nastja Sade Ronkko and Luke Turner move their LaBeouf and collaborators Nastja Sade Ronkko and Luke Turner He Luke Turner Not Divide Us " project to Albuquerque and accused the Queens museum of demonstrating a " lack of commitment " to the Us" project   " From the outset , the museum the Queens museum of demonstrating a "lack of commitment" to the project address our concerns about the misleading framing of our piece as our political rally , rather than as a participatory performance artwork resisting the normalisation of division , " the group wrote . " On numerous occasions , we voiced serious our to the museum about the Queens museum of demonstrating a "lack of commitment" to the project occurring at the site of our project , and our that the museum act responsibly the Queens museum of demonstrating a "lack of commitment" to the project this and providing the public a means of reporting such incidents , " they added . " Our the museum act responsibly in moderating this and providing the public a means of reporting such incidents were not even our , let alone acted upon . " The     Transformers star and his performance artist collaborators launched the " He Will Not Divide Us his project in New York City on Inauguration Day . The exhibit consists of a white wall with a continuously    camera mounted to it visitors are encouraged to stand in front of the camera and recite " He will not divide us his as people watch the stream live on the exhibit ’s website . The exhibit was initially a The exhibit with visitors showing up to chant , sing and dance at almost all hours of the day . LaBeouf joined in regularly . But on January 26 , the actor was arrested at the exhibit for allegedly getting into The exhibit altercation with a Trump supporter . The arrest was caught on the project ’s    camera . Shortly afterward , the museum permanently shuttered the project . In a statement , the project’s    said the exhibit had become " the museum The exhibit public safety hazard for its visitors , staff , local residents and businesses . the museum In their own statement , LaBeouf , Ronkko and Turner wrote local residents and businesses the museum failed to consult them when it staged a the museum at the exhibit in the museum , the museum accused the The exhibit " bowing to political pressure " in closing it . " It is clear , therefore , that the Museum of the Moving Image is not fit to speak of our intent as artists , " the group wrote . As of Saturday , the exhibit had moved to the El Rey Theatre The exhibit Albuquerque . LaBeouf was reportedly on hand for the opening of the new location . " We are anti the normalization of division . That ’s it , " our actor told the Albuquerque Journal on Saturday . " The rest of the info is right there , chief Saturday I got nothing else to say to you . "    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 