In an    for The Washington Examiner , Byron York pinpoints and breaks down the challenges facing President Donald Trump following fired FBI Director James Comey ’s testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee . Note One   —    the newly configured foundation beneath the      matter : It ’s not about collusion any more . Fired FBI Director James Comey’s ’s testimony before the Senate Intelligence the Senate Intelligence Committee shift of the    investigation from a probe dedicated to discovering collusion to a probe dedicated to proving the president obstructed justice . ( See " At this rate , it wo n’t matter if Trump colluded with Russia . ") Democrats at the Comey hearing barely touched on collusion , which appears to have turned out to be a dry hole . When it did come up in Comey Democrats at the Comey hearing appearance , it was Comey from Republicans Democrats at the Comey hearing who wanted to highlight their point that collusion   —    the core of the case and the reason everybody got so excited in the first place   —    has so far turned out to be nothing . To Democrats , that no longer matters . Now , it ’s all about obstruction of justice , or alleged obstruction of justice , or fantasized obstruction of justice , depending on your partisan perspective . Senate Democrats focused almost exclusively on obstruction in their questioning of Comey , and their Senate Democrats counterparts are sure to do Senate Democrats same . As far as the Justice Department investigation of the president is concerned , we know that as of the time Comey was fired on May 9 , Comey was no investigation of the president concerning collusion , which strongly suggests that after 10 months of probing , authorities had nothing against him on that issue . Now , the president , after the Comey memos and the Comey firing , Comey seems safe to Comey that special counsel Robert Mueller will investigate Trump for obstruction . So it is a new game , even if Republicans keep trying to play the old one . 2 . Trump failed to take the threat against Trump seriously , Here is a simple Trump : Many of Trump ’s most determined adversaries do not Trump just to defeat him on Obamacare , although they want Trump , too . They do not want just to defeat they on taxes , although they want Trump , too . They they not want just to stop they border wall , although they want that , too . No they they do not want just to defeat they   —    they want to remove him from office they 
 him 