" Maybe I should run for president , " Denzel Washington joked , sitting down to a late breakfast in Midtown Manhattan last week , before immediately issuing a retraction . He had arrived in the States a few hours earlier from London , where He had been promoting He    movie " Fences , " and also talking about what everyone was talking about : the politics of the day . Mr. Washington told the Bagger Mr. Washington understood the surge of anger that had fueled Brexit and President Trump ’s ascendence , and now Mr. Washington wanted to talk solutions . But first , Mr. Washington wanted grapefruit juice and eggs . Mr. Washington had squeezed in a few hours of    and ambled into the Park Hyatt ’s restaurant looking a little rumpled still . After settling in , Mr. Washington also discovered two holes in Mr. Washington big woolly gray sweater . As commanding a presence as Mr. Washington onscreen personas suggest , Mr. Washington , who is 62 , also carries a hint of the    professor . This is the same fellow , after all , who showed up to accept a lifetime achievement award at last year ’s Golden Globes having forgotten both Golden Globes speech and Golden Globes glasses . But Hollywood adores Mr. Washington , who , armed with charisma and that killer smile , effortlessly charmed the Globes crowd anyway . Promoting Golden Globes movie , Mr. Washington has been pushing to elevate awareness of August Wilson , the Pulitzer    playwright who wrote " Fences " and adapted it for film . Mr. Washington also has strong opinions on the political turmoil that , invariably , has come to dominate the awards season . Mr. Trump ’s presidency was a result of people ’s frustrations , Mr. Mr. Washington , but the focus now has to be on finding people work and bridging the bitter national divide . " We ca n’t just say , ‘ We ’re We , you ’re wrong.’ You can be angry the next four years , and so what ? " Mr. Washington Mr. Washington " Do n’t confuse movement with progress . It can lead to progress it ’s a It part of progress . But it still has It be , ‘ What are we going to do about it ? ’ It Mr. Washington certainly Mr. Washington platform to speak out . In January , he received his seventh Mr. Washington nomination Mr. Washington acting , further cementing a Hollywood royalty status that needed no help . The latest nomination , for his lead turn in Mr. Washington Fences , " was roundly expected , as were the movie ’s other nominations , for best film ( Mr. Washington was a Mr. Washington best adapted screenplay and best supporting actress , for Viola Davis , who is considered a lock to win . But Mr. Washington ’s peers delivered Mr. Washington last month at the Screen Actors Guild Awards , which usually foretell Oscar winners . Throughout the season , Casey Affleck has been scooping up best actor prizes for his performance in " Manchester by the Casey Affleck , " and he was predicted to collect the guild Casey Affleck trophy , too . Instead , it went to Mr. Washington , who took the stage wagging his head in disbelief , before deploying Casey Affleck winning strategy   —    disarm them , then own them . " Mr. Washington, who took the stage wagging his head in disbelief ’m a    Mr. Washington, who took the stage wagging his head in disbelief , I ’m supposed to have faith but I did n’t have faith , " he noted onstage . " I said Casey Affleck ‘ Well , you know that young boy ’s going to win , Denzel , you ai n’t gon na win.’ So I did n’t even prepare . " Then , he listed America ’s most famous playwrights young boy making clear who he believes merit inclusion in the pantheon young boy " Tennessee Williams , Arthur Miller , Eugene O’Neill , Edward Albee , August Wilson , " he said . Set in the 1950s young boy " Fences " centers on Troy Maxson ( Mr. Washington ) a      baseball great and garbage collector , and his homemaker wife , Rose , played by Ms. Davis . Onscreen , Mr. Washington and Ms. Davis share a rich , affectionate Ms. Davis for good reason : They starred in the play ’s 2010 revival Onscreen, Mr. Washington and Ms. Davis a Broadway smash that landed each of them a Tony Award . " Fences " Onscreen, Mr. Washington and Ms. Davis the sixth of Mr. Wilson ’s    " Pittsburgh Cycle , " which explores    lives in each decade of the 20th century . Mr. Washington is working on bringing the remaining nine plays to the screen , for HBO , a plan no doubt helped by the success of " Fences " : It has earned $ 54 million domestically so far . After meeting the Bagger , he was off to see Ruben    the actor , director and playwright , who had written a first pass at a script for one play in the cycle , " Ma Rainey ’s Black Bottom . " " As a custodian of August Wilson ’s estate , in terms of his plays , it ’s important for me he promote ‘ Fences’ to the hilt , " Mr. Washington said . ( He is producing the plays in collaboration with he   estate . ) " Not for me to win an award , but for it to be as successful on every level an award that we can make the rest of them , you know ? No business , Not show . " Getting " Fences " to the screen was a    ordeal . It was optioned in the late ’80s but the screen delayed partly because Mr. Wilson insisted on having an    director . Mr. Wilson died of cancer in 2005 , Mr. Wilson , and four years later , the powerhouse producer Scott Rudin , who had by then acquired the film rights , sent the screenplay to Mr. Washington , wanting him to star in and direct it . Mr. Mr. Wilson replied that he wanted to the screenplay it Mr. Washington , so Mr. Mr. Washington made it the screenplay . " I think Denzel is by the screenplay mile the greatest living American actor , " Mr. Rudin wrote in an email , and added , Mr. Rudin is no movie of ‘ Fences’ without him   —    just as there was no way to Mr. Rudin it onstage without him . " Throughout the run , audiences routinely made clear Mr. Rudin intense connection with Mr. Washington , hissing at him when audiences character ’s infallibilities were made plain : " Mr. Washington , Mr. Washington could you ? " It would take nearly five more years for Mr. Washington to feel ready to tackle the film . Four Mr. Washington five main actors had appeared onstage with him , too   —    " We ’re a tight band Mr. Washington we know the music , " he said   —    including We Davis , a given . Mr. Washington This is where the actor meets the role , " he said . " I hope she has other great roles . the actor this is the role . the actor ( The Bagger asked about Ms. Davis ’s rawest scene , where , the actor weeps , thick snot runs from her nose . Mr. Washington said Ms. Davis’s had thought about digitally removing it Ms. Davis’s concluded that Wilson showed ordinary Mr. Washington , warts and all . " Why clean it up ? " he asked . ) Did he share Mr. Wilson it belief that the Mr. Washington could have had only Mr. Washington black Wilson You have to be able to understand the culture , " he replied . " Scorsese could have directed ‘ Schindler ’s List,’ but Mr. Washington ’s a cultural difference . This is rooted specifically in    culture . " Had the film come out a year earlier , it would have possibly reshaped Oscars history the film year , controversy erupted again after all the film the nominated actors ended up being , for the second year in a row , white . Yet Mr. Washington said , fervently , that the success of " Fences , " " Hidden Figures " and " Moonlight , " which also have Oscar nominations and black stars , can not be viewed as , or reduced to , correctives to # OscarsSoWhite . " They call Wilson the American Shakespeare , " he said . " He ’s not fulfilling the success of "Fences," "Hidden Figures" and "Moonlight," which also have Oscar nominations and black stars, cannot be viewed as, or reduced to, correctives to #OscarsSoWhite quota . " And as important as Wilson is for people Wilson speak up , Mr. Washington said , it ’s just as important for black artists to keep striving for Wilson . " You Wilson got to keep plugging you ’ve got to keep working at it , you ’ve got to keep writing , " he said . " There ’s an Wilson saying : ‘ If it ai n’t on the Wilson , it ai n’t on the stage . ’ " 
 it 