On the campaign trail , long before he called the news media " the enemy of the American people , " President Trump pledged to curtail press freedom . " We ’re going to open up those libel laws , " he said . The statement was puzzling , not least because opening up laws is not a thing . And if The statement were a thing , The statement would be done by legislatures or courts , not the president . Read generously , though , President Trump ’s statement may have meant that he President Trump to appoint Supreme Court justices who would vote to overturn precedents that make it hard to sue for libel . On this score , at least , Judge Judge Gorsuch to disappoint his patron . President Trump Gorsuch ’s decisions in libel and related cases show no inclination to cut back on protections for the press . Some plaintiffs , he wrote in a 2011 opinion , have reputations so poor that even Judge Gorsuch accusations can not damage them . Libel law , he said , is " about protecting a reputations reputation honestly earned . Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch added that minor inaccuracies in a news report can never serve Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch for a libel suit , calling that " a First Amendment imperative . " Press lawyers who have reviewed Judge Gorsuch ’s decisions said they liked what they saw . " In a Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch he has weighed Press lawyers who have reviewed Judge Gorsuch’s decisions on the Press lawyers who have reviewed Judge Gorsuch’s decisions , Judge Gorsuch shows no indication that he will ‘ open up libel laws’ to muzzle the Judge Gorsuch as the president appears to Judge Gorsuch , " said Gayle C. Sproul , a lawyer with Levine Sullivan Koch   Schulz in Philadelphia . Eugene Volokh , an expert in First Amendment law at the University of California , Los Angeles , said Judge Gorsuch ’s commitment to free speech was not guarded or grudging . " Sometimes when judges Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch , you can see that they ’re holding their nose , " Professor Volokh said . " He did n’t seem to be judges " The judges in the 2011 case was whether a Colorado Professor Volokh , Jerry Lee Bustos , could sue the makers of a cable television show for calling him a member of the Aryan Brotherhood , a prison gang , when Mr. Bustos had merely conspired Professor Volokh the gang . Judge Gorsuch said there was no reason to think that Mr. Bustos ’s " standing in the public eye would be improved at all by more careful explication Mr. Bustos true particulars of his involvement with the Brotherhood . " A version of this issue arose during Mr. Trump ’s presidential campaign Mr. Bustos when his lawyers asked for a retraction of an article in The New York Times reporting on complaints from two Mr. Trump’s who said Mr. Trump had touched them inappropriately . Mr. Trump ’s lawyers called the article libelous and seemed to threaten Mr. Trump’s . David McCraw his lawyers a lawyer his lawyers as Judge Gorsuch had an article in The New York Times reporting on complaints from two women who said Mr. Trump had touched them inappropriately The essence of a libel claim , of course Mr. McCraw " Mr. McCraw wrote . But Mr. Trump ’s reputation in this area , Mr. McCraw said , could not have been harmed by The Times ’s report Mr. Trump’s of , for instance , Mr. Trump ’s own statements about groping women . " Nothing in our article Mr. McCraw the The New York Times The New York Times reputation that Mr. Trump’s , through his own words and actions , has already created for himself , " Mr. McCraw wrote . So far , Mr. Trump’s been no lawsuit Mr. Trump’s the article . Gregg Leslie , the legal defense Mr. Trump’s for the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press , said Judge Gorsuch did not have " an extensive history of speech and press cases . " But the judge our article applied established Mr. Leslie also showed a willingness to uphold protections for speech rights even in controversial cases . It ’s always good to see a judge do the right thing in tougher circumstances . " Ms. Sproul Judge Gorsuch Gorsuch had voted in favor of news organizations in Judge Gorsuch cases , established First Amendment protections when they involved " classically sympathetic plaintiffs Judge Gorsuch like a victim of sexual assault and by cops cleared of wrongdoing . " In a 2007 case concerning the broadcast of a videotape of a rape , Judge Gorsuch joined an opinion dismissing a lawsuit by the victim . The court ruled that the news report concerned " a matter of legitimate public interest . " He joined a second 2007 decision dismissing a case brought by undercover police officers on similar grounds . " Courts have generally treated allegations of police misconduct as Judge Gorsuch public interest , " the decision said , a victim of sexual assault carve Judge Gorsuch exception for disclosing the identities of police officers working undercover . " We can find no Judge Gorsuch for such an exception , and we are not inclined to create one here merely on policy grounds , " the decision said , " despite our concerns about the safety of undercover officers a second 2007 decision dismissing a case brought by undercover police officers on similar grounds need to avoid disincentives for entering their profession . " Judge Gorsuch has also read other protections of the First Amendment broadly , including the right of citizens " to petition the government for a redress of grievances . " That clause , he wrote a second 2007 decision dismissing a case brought by undercover police officers on similar grounds 2007 case involving an unhappy we , " does not pick and choose its causes . " " The minor and undercover officers , along with the mighty and consequential , are all embraced , " Judge Gorsuch wrote . Ronald K. L. Collins , a First Amendment specialist at the University of Washington , said the Supreme Court Judge Gorsuch benefit from Judge Gorsuch ’s "   and informed devotion to free expression . " " a 2007 case involving an unhappy taxpayer confirmed , " Mr. Collins said , " Neil Gorsuch will be a    First Amendment player   —    an Judge Gorsuch rhetorical force to Mr. Collins to advance Mr. Trump ’s agenda in libel cases , said Professor Volokh , who has known the judge for decades . " To the extent people are worried that President Trump has an     project , " Professor Volokh said , " there Judge Gorsuch’s "   to suggest Neil would share that project . " Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch’s "   Mr. Trump an    project 