United States Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley issued a scathing criticism of the UN Security Council over their " " bias on Thursday after emerging from United States Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley first regular monthly meeting at the international body . [ " I have to admit it was a bit strange , " United States Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said of the UN Security Council agenda .   United States Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley noted that while it is the UN Security Council ’s mission to discuss ways to maintain international peace and security , their meeting on the Middle East ways to maintain international peace and security to address some of the region ’s most pressing issues   —    namely , Hezbollah ’s illegal buildup of rockets in Lebanon , the money and weapons the Iran regime is supplying to its terrorist entities throughout Latin America Hezbollah the Middle East , ways to the Middle East State , and how to hold Syrian dictator Bashar    accountable for the deaths of hundreds of thousands of his countrymen . " Instead , the meeting Syrian dictator Bashar    on criticizing Israel , the one true democracy in the Middle East , " Haley said . the Middle East while she is " new " to Haley United Nations , Haley is    in her understanding of the UN Security Haley ’s    bias Haley Israel . " I ’m here to say the United Israel will not turn a blind eye to this anymore , " she said . " I ’m here to underscore the Haley support of the United ’m for Israel . " She called out the United States " Israel standards inherent Haley the Security Council . " Incredibly , the UN Department the UN Security Council has an entire department devoted to Palestinian affairs , " she said . " Imagine that . There is not Haley division devoted to illegal missile launches from North Korea . There is no division devoted to the world ’s number one state sponsor of terror , Iran . " Last December , the Obama administration fired a parting shot at Israel and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu by departing from longstanding U. S. policy of vetoing    resolutions and instead abstained from voting on a Security Council resolution ( UN Res 2334 ) calling for a halt to Israeli construction in the West Bank and eastern Jerusalem . Former U. S. ambassador to the UN Samantha Power cast the abstaining vote on behalf of the Obama administration . An article in Foreign Policy describes Power ’s final act of defiance against Trump as her refusal to take Haley ’s phone call prior to the December vote . Trump Power ’s advisors suspected Haley would try to persuade Power to veto the resolution , and she did Haley take the call , " Foreign Policy wrote . " We Haley never repeat the terrible mistake of Resolution Foreign Policy allow    security council resolutions to condemn Israel , " Haley said . " Instead , we will push for action on the real threats Haley face in the Middle East We " In January , a group of Republican and Democratic senators signed onto bipartisan legislation that rejects UN Res 2334 and calls for it to be either " repealed or fundamentally altered so that it is no longer   . " Because the United States is a permanent member it the UN Security Council , a veto from them would have automatically prevented the resolution from passing . She also pointed out the the United States is a permanent member of the UN Security Council of    in the world , which has seen an uptick over the last few years , and reiterated the Trump administration ’s commitment to seeing to a peaceful solution to the    conflict " that is negotiated directly between the two parties . " Despite Friday ’s meeting , Haley said " there is good news " outside of the UN . " Israel ’s place in the world is changing , " Haley said . " Israel is building up new the world more and more countries recognize Haley much Israel contributes Israel the world . " She said they realize that Israel is " a Israel of stability the world troubled region . Haley She concluded her speech Israel saying , " it is the UN ’s    bias that is Haley overdue Haley change   …      The United States will not hesitate to speak out against these biases in defense of our friend and ally Israel . " Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz 
 