President Donald Trump revealed that the shooter who attacked the Congressional Republican baseball practice in Alexandria had died after President Donald Trump was shot by capitol police .   " Authorities are continuing to investigate the crime , and the assailant has now died from President Donald Trump injuries , " President Donald Trump said . the assailant was reportedly James T. Hodgkinson , a     Illinois man . President Donald Trump announced the news during a statement to the press at the White House where President Donald Trump praised the heroism of two Capitol police officers who were shot during the attack . " Many lives would have been lost if not for the heroic actions of the two Capitol Police officers who took down the the assailant sustaining gunshot wounds during a very , very brutal assault , " President Donald Trump said . President Donald Trump specifically recognized House Majority Whip Steve Scalise , who was wounded in the shooting , as a " patriot " and a " fighter . " " Steve , I want you to know that you have the prayers not only of the entire city behind you , but of an entire nation and , frankly , the entire world , " he President Donald Trump . " America is praying for you . " He President Donald Trump paid tribute to the congressional aides , the members of congress , as well as the first responders . " We may have the members of congress, as well as the first responders differences , the members of congress, as well as the first responders we do well the members of congress, as well as the first responders times like these to remember that everyone who serves in our nation ’s the members of congress, as well as the first responders is here because , above all , they love our everyone who serves in our nation’s Capitol , " he said . Trump called for unity , and urged Americans to pray for the victims . " We can all agree that we are blessed We be Americans , that our children deserve We grow up in a nation of safety and peace , and that we are strongest We we are unified We when we work together We the common good , " he said . Trump 