Dr. Sebastian Gorka , author of Defeating Jihad : The Winnable War and National Security Editor for Breitbart News , appeared on Fox News with Sean Hannity to discuss the latest    video from the Islamic State , in which a toddler is given a pistol and assigned to execute a helpless prisoner , and a boy of perhaps 10 performs a decapitation . [ Gorka said Gorka had no doubt the children carried out the grisly actions depicted in the ISIS video .   " I watch these videos in these videos entirety . That ’s my job , to look at these things , even if these things ’re " Gorka noted . " In fact , very recently , my wife and I published a report exclusively on this topic at our website , ThreatKnowledge . org , explicitly about ISIS exploitation of minors . our got access to the textbooks access to the textbooks they’re using in the jihadi schools  —   that teach children, Sean, how to count by using Kalashnikovs ’re using in the jihadi schools   —    that teach children , Sean , how to count by using Kalashnikovs . One Kalashnikov , two Kalashnikov   —    this is the future threat of jihad . "   " And the importance of this is , this blows out of the water the Obama administration ’s argument that terrorism is the result of poverty , lack of education , and unemployment . A     child does n’t have a job to be fired from . This is about pure evil , " Gorka said . Hannity turned to the question of Russia , and    Donald Trump ’s position that better relations with Russia would be a " good thing , and only stupid people would think it ’s bad . "   Donald Trump’s argued that joining forces with Russia against ISIS would imply no great trust for the Russian government or President Vladimir Putin , much as the United States remained suspicious of Russia after cooperating against the Axis in World War II . " My father was tortured and imprisoned by Communists , so you ’re not going to get me to say nice things about Russia or Vladimir Putin   —    who was a KGB officer , let ’s remember that , " Gorka said . " But you ’re absolutely right . We allied with bad guys to get rid of worse guys . That ’s what the history of World War II is about . There is this famous saying that politics is the art of the possible . Well , so is strategy . You do n’t make the ideal the enemy of the good . If you ’ve got     children beheading and shooting unarmed men to death , you ’ve got to stop that threat first . " He said you’ve got    children beheading and shooting unarmed men to death was absolutely possible to defeat ISIS without a major deployment of U. S. ground troops . " If you talk to General Flynn , if you read the speeches by    Trump , it is very clear . This is not a neocon administration that wants to invade other countries . We are going to help   —    with embedded troops , with intelligence , with training   —    local actors to fight this war , " Gorka said . " They have local actors stand up and fight it themselves this war local actors it does this war make sense for us to We it for them . local actors can We them , local actors , but it ’s it to have to be the Muslims who want to be our friends We destroy ISIS , " he declared . 
 