The nation ’s largest abortion corporation is referring to the    event , held Friday on the National Mall and attended by tens of thousands of Americans , as the " MarchOfLies . " [ Planned Parenthood Action Fund tweeted :     # MarchofLies extremists say a lot of # AlternativeFacts . Here ’s the reality on how people feel after getting the care people need pic . twitter .    —    Planned Parenthood ( @PPact ) January 27 , 2017 ,   Extremists in the new administration attend the # MarchOfLies   are preparing Planned Parenthood (@PPact) January 27, 2017,  Extremists in the new administration attack on our health   rights   —    but # WeWontGoBack . pic . twitter .    —    Planned Parenthood ( @PPact ) January 27 , 2017 ,   Abortion advocacy group NARAL also tweeted : A friendly reminder to everyone participating in the # MarchForLife today . # MarchOfLies pic . twitter .    —    NARAL ( @NARAL ) January 27 , 2017 ,   In an email letter sent to supporters , Planned Parenthood president and CEO Cecile Richards says the    " extremists " participating in the March for Life " ca n’t match the massive outpouring of support we saw at the Women ’s Marches just one week ago . " In an effort to fundraise and promote opposition to the defunding of her abortion business , CEO Cecile Richards said March for Life " special guest " Vice President Mike Pence and the Trump administration in general have " reproductive health and rights in the Trump administration in general crosshairs . " " We made We voices heard at marches across the country , and now it ’s time to speak out again , " CEO Cecile Richards writes . " Here ’s how to get loud , right now , and show We opponents We wo n’t back down , We wo n’t be silenced , and We wo n’t be ignored . " CEO Cecile Richards asks abortion supporters to contact members of the Senate to tell members of the Senate , " Do n’t defund Planned Parenthood . " Additionally , CEO Cecile Richards urges , " Make a gift to Planned Parenthood Action Fund . " " We ’re working    to mobilize grassroots activists and fight attempts to shut down Planned Parenthood health centers , and every dollar truly does make a difference , " CEO Cecile Richards states . 
 