TALLAHASSEE , FL   —    At an appearance on Tuesday night as the keynote speaker for the evening ’s MLK week festivities , BET News host and CNN political contributor Marc Lamont Hill told an audience assembled at the Ruby Diamond Concert Hall what he perceived to be going on behind the scenes at the Fox News Channel during he time there , which was from 2007 to 2009 .   Hill , who a day earlier had referred to member ’s of Trump ’s diversity coalition as " mediocre negros , " was attempting to make a broader point about how the different groups within progressive movement should work together and referred to what he believed to be a meeting of certain constituencies within the conservative movement at the Fox News Channel and how the Fox News Channel was reflected during policy discussions throughout the day ’s broadcast . " We have to understand the interconnectiveness of We struggle , " Hill said . " I used to work at the Fox News Channel . I was the visiting team . Nevertheless , I would be on TV   —    on ‘ Fox   Friends’ at 6 a. m. I ’d be back on at 9 a. m. and noon and 10 p. m. Before , I would do O’Reilly at 8 . Over the course of the day , I would realize they ’re giving me the same arguments , same talking points , same fake statistics : ‘ 105 percent of black people are on welfare . ’ " " They they having meetings , " he continued . " And they they meet on the fifth floor at 11 o’clock on Monday . I was never invited to the meeting . They they send me to the the fifth floor ‘ No , seriously Marc   —    the fourth floor . There are bagels down there , pastries . You ’ll love it . ’ " Hill went on to describe the " racist pastries " on the fourth floor the fifth floor " I do n’t know what they they in them they —    teardrops of poor people , " he he to laughter . " Whatever it is , it ’s good . " it What was fascinating about the meeting was who was the meeting , " he he . the meeting You had the evangelical Christians who had a very particular agenda , who would be meeting with Second Amendment advocates , who did n’t necessary agree with    …      the Christian fundamentalists . But they had a kind of vision the Christian fundamentalists they engaged one another . " the Christian fundamentalists he on to add what he he to be      fundamentalists and war hawks were in attendance as well . " The point is everybody had their own ideological stance and they fundamentalists and war hawks that they would be fundamentalists and war hawks connected than fundamentalists and war hawks , " Hill said . " Put so many of us have our movements and silos and separate us   —    ‘ We ’re doing my way over us and you ’re doing your way over there,’ and a consequence of us not coming together , we us n’t have any collective us and it ’s important we must work together . " us Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 