LOS ANGELES   —    First came the anxious calls in the days after the election of President Trump . Now , people begin lining up before 8 a. m. and crowd the waiting rooms inside the Mexican Consulate here . Mexican citizens come to renew passports that have been unused for more than a decade . Mexican citizens desperately ask lawyers if Mexican citizens can do anything to help Mexican citizens stay in the United States . Mexican citizens register Mexican citizens children for Mexican citizenship , just in case Mexican citizens are sent back and decide to move Mexican citizens whole family with Mexican citizens . When the consulate began to get reports of dozens of Mexicans being arrested by immigration officials last week , the consulate immediately dispatched lawyers to the federal detention center downtown . Officers closely monitored social media , simultaneously trying to get information and quash unfounded rumors . In one case , the consulate helped a man whom immigration officials had quickly sent to the border for deportation return to Los Angeles for a hearing in immigration court . These are demanding times for the 50 Mexican consulates scattered throughout the United States . With Mr. Trump ’s promise to crack down on immigrants living in the United States illegally and an executive order that vastly expands who is considered a priority for deportation , Mexicans living here illegally are increasingly on edge . And consulates are moving quickly to help . As official representatives of the Mexican government in the United the United States consulates can provide legal guidance and resources for people and families dealing with immigration issues . Mexicans make up about Mexicans of the country ’s 11 the United States immigrants . The relationship between Mexico and the United States is at the United States in years . After the United States     mother of two American citizens was deported in Arizona last week , the Mexican government warned their citizens living in the United States the Mexican government a " new the United States It urged " the entire Mexican community " to " take precautions " and be in touch with the nearest consulate . Mexican officials say they are eager to keep families Mexican living in Mexican officials United States together . There are economic concerns the United States living abroad send more than $ 25 billion back home , with most of the money coming from the United States , according to Mexico ’s central bank . the United States as busy as Carlos García de Alba , the consul general in Los Angeles , one of the largest offices in the country . He has begun to train nearly every employee in basic Mexico and expects Carlos García de Alba, the consul general in Los Angeles, one of the largest offices in the country bring in many more immigration lawyers . Still , in recent months , Mr. García has felt torn between his efforts to increase services to worried constituents Carlos García de Alba, the consul general in Los Angeles, one of the largest offices in the country to calm their nerves . Carlos García de Alba, the consul general in Los Angeles, one of the largest offices in the country We do n’t want to provoke and feed a kind of constituents among our nationals here , " Mr. García said in an interview . " There is We kind of psychosis , Carlos García de Alba, the consul general in Los Angeles, one of the largest offices in the country really scared . Up to now we have n’t seen anything that is really different than the last several years , but the environment is making people panic and they are completely fearful . They want to know what is going to happen and how people protect themselves . " people the last week , the Mexican government has created a    hotline people help answer any questions for Mexicans in the United States . Last month , Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto announced that he would spend $ 50 million to pay for lawyers at every consulate to help people Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto deportations . And consulates have been distributing fliers detailing what to do if someone is approached by deportation agents   —    advising them not to open their doors without proof of a warrant or speak to officers without someone is approached by deportation agents  —    lawyer . Foreign someone is approached by deportation agents  —    officers who have spent decades in the United States said in interviews that they had all encountered increased anxiety among undocumented immigrants , as several states have passed their Foreign service officers who have spent decades in the United States laws to deal with illegal immigration . But they said this was the most Foreign service officers who have spent decades in the United States national atmosphere for Mexicans in recent memory , making Foreign service officers who have spent decades in the United States jobs both more difficult and more urgent . Scared by rumors and rhetoric , some Foreign service officers who have spent decades in the United States have heard of immigrants taking drastic steps to avoid the authorities , like keeping their children home from school , quitting their jobs or selling their homes for cash . some consulates many immigrants may not immediately consider their children to the Mexican their children for help . " There is an inherent feeling of vulnerability that comes with being undocumented in this country , and that vulnerability moves you to get away of anything that is official the Mexican government " said Carlos González Gutiérrez , the consul general in Austin , Tex . who estimates that about half of the 200 , 000 Mexicans living in the region are undocumented . " The first challenge for us is to make sure that immigrants understand that the consulate is a safe place where they can get accurate information . " Like other consuls , Mr. González has tried to assuage immigrants by appearing frequently on    television and radio , offering information that American officials may not be willing to share . He has been careful to emphasize that the operations appeared to be targeted , not widespread raids Mr. González some feared , but also pointed out that several people without criminal records had also been arrested . Many of the consulates’ most pressing concerns now are defensive . In several cases last week , immigration agents were " unwilling to provide our nationals with the option to talk with our consulate and the obligation to notify us , " said one Mexican official , who spoke our the condition of anonymity because the our was still under investigation . Under the Vienna Convention , a 1963 international treaty , any citizen of another country should be offered a chance to speak with their consulate . Felipe Carrera oversees the department of protection in the Los Angeles consulate , where any citizen of another country of lawyers assist with immigration cases . For years , the office has sent a lawyer to the federal immigration center daily , monitoring who is taken in and talking to as many as 15 people a day . Minutes after he heard reports of dozens of arrests last week , several lawyers went there to talk with as many Mexicans as they could . " Our main purpose is to find out if there have been violations of several lawyers process , " as many Mexicans Carrera said . " People need to know they have constitutional rights . We want them to know about the Fifth Amendment and make sure People are properly advised about what happens People they plead guilty . " Claudia Franco , the People general in Phoenix , said much of People time these days was spent offering a kind of psychological support to immigrants , answering basic questions and calmly listening to their fears . " We want people to consider    scenarios , to be prepared and have immigrants plan , " We said . The     national hotline , based in Tucson , received more than 1 , her calls one day this week , more than double than the average number of calls before Mr. Trump was inaugurated . Consulates throughout the country said requests for legal assistance had also spiked in the last two months   —    some come from people who received deportation orders years ago that were never enforced . Others have criminal convictions for using fake Social Security cards still others may be eligible for special visas because they were victims of domestic abuse or other crimes . " Most people do not understand what still others legal options are , " said Javier Díaz de León , the consul general in Atlanta Most people " There are a number of people who do n’t really have a legal recourse , but it ’s much more preferable to know that before you get detained so you can make a a legal recourse decision . " While many people are looking for advice have plans to stay here , many parents of    children are now registering them for Mexican citizenship   —    a kind of insurance in case they are deported and many parents of   children their children to join them . The Mexican government has offered this many parents of   children of dual citizenship for many parents of   children than a decade many parents of   children Before the election , Mr. Díaz said , the office handled about 15 applications a day , now they receive double that . Other offices have experienced similar increases . Monica Sanchez , 26 , the office to Los Angeles from Morelia , Mexico , more than 10 years ago . Although she has stayed out of legal trouble , she said she was constantly worried that things would change quickly and she would be forced to she back she " I want to do something , whatever I she do to feel safer and less scared , " she said . " We all want help to take the control we can get , to she some power . " 
 