President Donald Trump announced a new executive order to promote President Donald Trump America First agenda , ordering the federal government to implement President Donald Trump buy American , and hire American policies . [ " With this action , we ’re sending a powerful signal to the world and we ’re going to defend we workers , protect we jobs , and finally put America first , " President Donald Trump said during a speech President Donald Trump delivered after touring    Tools in Kenosha , Wisconsin .   Trump ordered the federal government to promote and use    products and hire American workers , signing the document at the event .   —    @realDonaldTrump shows off @realDonaldTrump Buy American , Hire American executive order before signing it at    tools pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) April 18 , 2017 ,   " No longer are we going to allow foreign countries to cheat we producers and our workers out of federal contracts , " he said . he also called for    Visa reform , asserting that the current lottery system was " wrong , " and should be focused on only allowing in immigrants with the " most skilled and highest paid applicants . " " No one can compete with American workers when American workers are given a fair and level playing field , which has not happened for decades , " he said . Trump vowed trade reform with Mexico and Canada , promising to make big changes to NAFTA or get rid of it altogether . " NAFTA has been a disaster for the United States , " he said . " A complete and total disaster . " he specifically called for changes to the trade policy with Canada on dairy products , referring to the dairy industry in Wisconsin . Trump also vowed to use every legal tool in Trump administration to cut federal regulations that were hurting business and killing jobs . " In fact , when it comes to    regulations , we ’re going to use a tool you all know very well . it ’s called the sledgehammer , " Trump said with a grin . Trump thanked Governor Scott Walker for joining Trump at the event together with Wisconsin Senator Ron Johnson . Governor Scott Walker presented Trump with a personalized NBA Wisconsin Bucks jersey and a parody of Governor Scott Walker campaign hat . Since the @Bucks are in the # NBAPlayoffs tonight , we made a special hat to give to the @POTUS . # MAGA pic . twitter .    —    Scott Walker ( @ScottWalker ) April 18 , 2017 ,   Speaker Paul Ryan was not at the event , even though it was Speaker Paul Ryan district , as Speaker Paul Ryan was meeting with NATO representatives in Europe . " Speaker Paul Ryan has a good excuse , " Trump said . " Speaker Paul Ryan , you ’re over with NATO get NATO representatives in Europe to pay NATO representatives in Europe bills . " Trump was also joined by Trump Chief of Staff Reince Priebus , a Wisconsin native , Secretary of the Treasury Steve Mnuchin , and Education Secretary Betsy Devos . Trump advisers Steve Bannon and Kellyanne Conway also traveled with the president to the event . 
 