Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) has always slammed people who are successful and enjoy wealth and the lifestyle it facilitates and that it is not right that they have more than the folks who are not successful and have fewer assets as a result   —    rhetoric that was ramped up when Sen. Bernie Sanders was a candidate in the 2016 presidential campaign . [ But recent reports by the media in Sen. Bernie Sanders home state and also national reports reveal that while Sen. Bernie Sanders is not among Sen. Bernie Sanders    category of the top 1 % of the nation ’s wealthiest , Sen. Bernie Sanders is not one of the less fortunate or even the Middle Class .   " Thanks in large part to Sen. Bernie Sanders successful foray into authorship , Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) made more than $ 1 million in 2016 , " the Vermont outlet Seven Days reported . " That ’s according to Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) latest U. S. Senate financial disclosure , which Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) filed Sunday after receiving a    extension . " The Seven Days piece , published on Sunday and written by political columnist John Walters , states that a large chunk of that income came from a $ 795 , 000 advance for his    book , " Our Revolution . " Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) also got $ 63 , 750 for an upcoming book , " Bernie Sanders’ Guide to Political Revolution , " a publication aimed at young readers and    with Kate Waters , according to Seven Days . And Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) received $ 6 , 735 in royalties for Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) 1997 memoir " Outsider in the House , " Seven Days reported . " That ’s more than $ 865 , 000 for peddling his    ideas , " Walters wrote . " Not bad . " Add in an additional $ 2 , 521 Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) earned last year in royalties from Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) 1987    folk album , " We Shall Overcome . " " Senate rules do not require members to report their Senate rules salaries on their Senate rules disclosures , but all     members earn $ 174 , 000 a year . That , combined with the more than $ 878 , 000 Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) reported in Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) filing , puts the democratic socialist ’s 2016 payday at roughly $ 1 , 052 , 000 , " Seven Days reported . And Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) actually made more , but it ’s uncertain how much more : " In addition to Sen. Bernie Sanders ( )    pay , publisher St. Martin ’s Press paid all expenses on Sanders’ national book tour last November and December , which took Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) to 12 states and the District of Columbia . Disclosure of the total was not required , and Sanders did not provide it Disclosure of the total " " Then there ’s a batch of retirement mutual funds held in the name of Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) wife , Jane O’Meara Sanders , " the Seven Days piece states , adding that while " it ’s impossible to ascertain the exact value of the retirement funds , but they the retirement funds worth somewhere between $ 192 , 000 and $ 815 , 000 . " In the " liabilities " category , Sanders Sanders he Sanders two mortgages   —    one worth between $ 250 , 001 and $ 500 , 000 , the other worth between $ 100 , 001 and $ 250 , 000 . " Sanders’ most infamous real estate transaction   —    his Sanders’ purchase of a $ 575 , 000 lakefront home in North Hero   —    has been concealed behind an entity named the Islands Family Trust , " Seven Days reported . " In his Sanders filing , Sanders Sanders that he Sanders " a    in a family trust created when we bought a summer home . " Even with all these financial facts , there could be more to learn if Sanders Sanders his Sanders returns , which he Sanders not . " During his Sanders presidential campaign , Sanders Sanders only a summary of his Sanders tax return . As the    website PolitiFact noted , of all the candidates for president last year , ‘ Sanders’ releases are less extensive than anybody ’s but Donald Trump . ’ " In an April article published by Newsweek entitled " Bernie Sanders Mocks Greedy Rich People , Is Also Rich , " the news about his Donald Trump home purchase was reported . " Sanders Bernie Sanders his Bernie Sanders , Jane , recently bought a summer home in Vermont on Lake Champlain to add to their Sanders and his wife, Jane in D. C. and Burlington , Vermont , " Newsweek reported . " Local magazine Seven Days reported in August the Sanders family paid about $ 600 , 000 for the lakefront home in North Hero , Vermont Vermont " We ’ve traveled up to the islands many times over the years —   almost always on day trips , " Jane O’Meara Sanders said about the summer home purchase . " We We been impressed with the North North Hero , eaten at the North Hero House and Shore Acres and have suggested them to the North Hero House and Shore Acres who were looking for a beautiful place to stay or have dinner . " St. Anne ’s Shrine in Isle La Motte is my favorite church and it is St. Anne’s Shrine in Isle La Motte , " O’Meara Sanders Jane O’Meara Sanders 
 