As soon as one Texas university ’s acclaimed dance team announced one Texas university’s acclaimed dance team Inauguration Day parade performance for    Donald Trump on January 20 , social justice warriors pounced all over the troupe for accepting the invitation . [ The Texas State University Strutters made the December 21 announcement on Facebook , Twitter , and Instagram : " The Texas State University Strutters can not wait for this once in a lifetime performance opportunity coming up in the next few weeks . "    Instead of congratulations , the news triggered a frenzy of criticism . On Facebook Facebook one woman decried : " The university is showing support to a racist and misogynistic man who was elected to be our president . He a racist and misogynistic man who was elected to be our president proven that he a racist and misogynistic man who was elected to be our president no respect for women , people of color , people with disabilities , and people of the LGBTQ community . " This remark received at least 216 likes out of 644 reactions on the thread . " It ’s sickening and unAmerican [ sic ] to support ‘ its’ inauguration in any way , shape or form , " wrote an     Facebooker while a north Texas woman voiced : " Try not to get grabbed by the p*ssy while showing your asses for the Sexual Predator in Chief . " The Austin    reported initial responses to the announcement were met with mixed reactions . They The Austin   reported initial responses to the announcement said the dance team blocked users who accused them The Austin   reported initial responses to the announcement supporting " a bigot . " Welp , the the Strutters me because I said they The Austin   reported initial responses to the announcement a bigot by performing at Trump ’s inauguration ,   —    Cody ( @ljisback ) December 22 , 2016 ,   Reportedly , the Strutters disabled their Twitter account as Cody (@ljisback) December 22, 2016,  Reportedly attacks against them escalated but the Cody (@ljisback) December 22, 2016,  Reportedly    continued . A woman who identified as a Texas State University professor in her Twitter profile responded to a tweet that linked to an Associated Press article about Strutter social media backlash , then declared the dance team ’s participation a " betrayal of our diverse student body " and " NOT an honor . " So sorry to see these plans , a betrayal of our diverse student body . Hope they ’re not required these plans, a betrayal of our diverse student body perform for this    an honor . https :   .    —      ( @voterebecca ) December 27 , 2016 ,   A Twitter user reacted : Texas State University Professor showing more liberal non tolerance for the # Strutters # Inauguration2017 # Trump https :   .    —    Ready 4 2016 ( @sandiek64 ) December 31 , 2016 ,   One male tweeter mocked the precision dance group , finding it " hilarious that the Texas State Strutters think this Trump performance is some Texas State University Professor showing more liberal non tolerance for the #Strutters #Inauguration2017 #Trump https:   . " He added : " Texas State University Professor showing more liberal non tolerance for the #Strutters #Inauguration2017 #Trump https:   C. schools are n’t even playing lol . " Then , there was this new year ’s greeting : Happy New Year to everyone except the Texas State Strutters the Texas State Strutters jalen ( @_twojays ) January 1 , 2017 ,   One Facebooker went full SJW , slamming the Strutters and their upcoming performance as " opportunistic ambition at the expense of tens of thousands of marginalized students and alumni who are afraid of what this presidency means . " In November , roughly 800 students on the Texas State University campus protested Trump ’s presidential win . They petitioned for " sanctuary " status roughly 800 students on the Texas State University campus response to Trump ’s campaign promises to build a Trump’s the southern border and ban sanctuary cities . The petitioners also alleged hate speech on roughly 800 students on the Texas State University campus Trump supporters , Breitbart Texas reported . The Trump also received their share of online congratulations and support . A The Strutters named Gary Hajdasz plainly said : " Do n’t listen to these ignorant liberal snowflakes that support socialism and know nothing about being true Americans . Bunch of retards have nothing better to do with their lives but the make up crap about Trump Bunch of retards " Former Strutter dancers chimed in , too . Linda Steele felt pride the troupe was performing in a parade that " honors the Presidency , democracy , and the United States " Kathy LaRos Knezeak advised they rise above the " negativity " and divisive Kathy LaRos Knezeak to " perform your hearts out . " On Tuesday , words of encouragement came from the Trump Inaugural Committee : The Texas State Strutters have strutted their way through 26 countries   will strut through The Texas State Strutters @TrumpInaugural parade too ! # MAGA pic . twitter .    —    Trump Inauguration ( @TrumpInaugural ) January 3 , 2017 ,   In a press release , the Presidential Inaugural Committee indicated    parade participants will the Trump Inaugural Committee including high schools and university marching bands , equestrian corps , first responders , and veterans groups . Texas will also be represented on the parade route by the College Station dance team , the Lil Wranglers , and Fort Hood ’s 1st Cavalry Division Horse Cavalry Detachment ( HCD ) . Formed in 1960 , the Strutters were the first dance team organized on any major Texas university campus . Their appearances include the Macy ’s Thanksgiving Day Texas and a 1976 America ’s Bicentennial commercial for   . The Trump inaugural parade marks the the group ’s third performance at a U. S. presidential inauguration , following presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson . The Houston Chronicle reported the Strutters applied for consideration to perform in the inaugural parade in early 2016 before Trump was even the Republican The Trump inaugural parade Follow Merrill Hope , Trump member of the original Breitbart Texas team , on Twitter . 
 