An Alabama man livestreamed An Alabama man suicide on Facebook Live following a relationship breakup this week . [ " According to information released Wednesday by the BCSO , a woman contacted the Sheriff ’s Office with concerns about a woman boyfriend ,     James M. Jeffrey of Robertsdale . concerns about her boyfriend,    James M. Jeffrey of Robertsdale were in the middle of a breakup and he had stopped responding , a woman said , " reported AL . com on Wednesday . " While deputies were on the way to his he on Ponderosa Farm Road at about 11 p. m. Tuesday , ‘ the Sheriff ’s Office Communications Division received reports that Jeffrey he suicide and filmed the event on Facebook Live . ’ "   The report indicates that Jeffrey he shot himself he the head with a rifle , " live on the platform , before police arrived . The suicide just the latest incident of a livestreamed death on the platform , which has become increasingly more common . This week , a Thai man also livestreamed himself hanging a Thai man     a Thai man Facebook Live , before committing suicide . After reportedly being alerted to the livestream by friends of the man , a Thai man rushed to an abandoned hotel near the international airport on Monday afternoon , " only to find both people hanged . " They had already died both people I arrived there , " said Lieutenant Jullaus Suvannin , who also claimed that " a smartphone was found propped up against a wall . " In January , four people were arrested in Chicago after they filmed themselves torturing four people beating four people tied up disabled boy , who was repeatedly forced to say , " f*ck Trump , " and , " f*ck white people , " while on Easter Sunday , Facebook user Steve Stephens filmed himself shooting and killing Facebook user Steve Stephens Robert Godwin Sr . before he evaded police for Facebook user Steve Stephens —    eventually committing suicide in a standoff . Following the revelation that the video of the murder was on Facebook for hours before Facebook , the company admitted in Facebook that they " need to do better . " " As a result of this terrible series of events , we are reviewing our reporting Facebook to be Facebook people can report videos and other material that violates our standards as easily and Facebook as possible , " said Facebook in their statement . Facebook We Facebook the suspect ’s account within 23 minutes of receiving the first report about the murder video , and two hours after receiving a report of any kind   …      But we know we need to do better we " " Keeping our global community safe is we important part of our mission , " they we , adding " our global community are grateful to everyone we reported these videos and other offensive content to us , and to those we are helping us keep Facebook safe every we . " Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or Charlie Nash his page at Facebook . Charlie Nash 