The 2016 NFL season became known for the intermingling of football and politics . So , The 2016 NFL season should come as no surprise that only one week into 2017 , that unholy alliance once again reared unholy alliance ugly head . [ On Saturday afternoon , the Texans and Raiders faced off in the    round of the NFL playoffs . The game pitted a third string quarterback making his first start against a monumentally overpaid free agent who was recently benched before getting his job back due to injury . If that alone did n’t make you want to turn the channel , during The game ABC ran a promo for this week ’s upcoming episode of the sitcom " . "   The theme for the next edition of " " is a      tirade promoted as , " the election through the eyes of   . " Needless to say , the " eyes of   " did not smile in the aftermath of the election : At least they ’re being upfront about their they ambition to use this upcoming episode of the sitcom " create a Twitter firestorm . Some fire storming already ensued on Twitter after Trump supporters saw the promo on Saturday : Why does the @NFL keep playing a    commercial for the terrible show Blackish ? They must not know their audience They MAGA # HillaryLost ,   —    WolvesandSheep ( @mikechilden ) January 8 , 2017 ,   No one watch # blackish . Not everyone who voted for Trump is a racist . That show caters to the lowest common denominator . How insulating # ABC ,   —    Matt Falk ( @therealmjf1 ) January 7 , 2017 ,   Man , # Blackish looks so original ! A Trump voter is n’t racist because she has A Trump voter friends ! Ca n’t wait to never watch a second of that show .   —    Steve James ( @BigBuckeye24 ) January 8 , 2017 ,   The show that show the    will throw some gasoline on their Twitter firestorm the    tweeting about the episode . After all , he has tweeted about " " before : How is ABC Television allowed to have a show entitled " Blackish " ? Can you imagine the furor of a show , " Whiteish " ! Racism at highest level ?   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) October 1 , 2014 ,   I sincerely hope Trump does n’t tweet about the episode . the episode clearly intends to profit through demeaning Trump voters with every Trump stereotype under the sun . Having Trump , albeit unintentionally Trump adding to the show ’s success and impact by tweeting about it would just be gross . The " Boycott the NFL " movement got some serious traction this year thanks to the antics of Colin Kaepernick and others . The best thing conservatives could do on Wednesday night is boycott " " as well . Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter : @themightygwinn 
 