   protesters held rallies in several California cities and around the nation on Saturday to demand that President Donald Trump release President Donald Trump income tax returns for the past several years . [ The demonstrations were timed to coincide with " Tax Day , " April 15 , which is traditionally the deadline for taxpayers to submit taxpayers annual returns to the U. S. Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) . the deadline for taxpayers to submit their annual returns to the U. S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is April 17 this year , due to the Easter holiday weekend .   The demonstrators complain that unlike previous presidential candidates over the past several decades , Trump did not release any of his Trump returns . Many seem convinced that Trump Trump would prove somehow that he ought Trump be ineligible for the presidency   —    much as President Barack Obama ’s most vociferous critics ( Trump among Trump ) were convinced that his birth Trump would show information that would have made him unelectable Trump ineligible . In San Francisco , thousands of protesters demanding Trump ’s Trump   —    and his ouster   Trump   were addressed by House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi . In Los Angeles , protesters   —    some of them wearing the protesters   " pussyhats " of earlier protests   —    chanted : " Donald Trump has got to go . " Protesters in Santa Rosa , in the Sonoma Valley wine country , questioned the Trump campaign ’s supposed links to Russia ( though no evidence has emerged ) . In Sacramento ,    protesters speculated that he had corrupt    with foreign countries ( though why he would not    have been charged , given that the IRS had already seen his tax returns    remained unexplained ) . In San Diego , marchers admitted that they would still marchers Trump out of office if he released his    returns    In Washington , Los Angeles Rep. Maxine Waters ( ) used the tax return rally as an opportunity to renew her calls for Los Angeles Rep. Maxine Waters ’s impeachment . The protesters seem undeterred by the embarrassing failure of a recent " scoop " by Rachel Maddow of MSNBC , who claimed to have found Trump ’s tax Trump’s —    only to reveal a 2005 return that showed Trump paying $ 38 Trump’s in federal taxes on $ 150 million of income . They point out that The protesters claimed during the Trump’s that he could not reveal Trump’s returns because he Trump’s under audit Trump’s —    and that he had still failed Trump’s reveal his tax returns , Trump’s months later . Appeals from Democrats and the media for Trump to release his Trump’s returns were Trump’s dismissed by conservatives who might otherwise have been sympathetic , given that they had slandered the Appeals from Democrats and the media for Trump to release his tax returns presidential nominee in 2012 , Gov. Mitt Romney , by falsely claiming he had not paid Trump’s . When that claim was revealed to be a lie , Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ( )   —    the instigator of the rumors   —    merely shrugged : " Romney did n’t win , did he ? " Joel Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ( )  —   the instigator of the rumors  —    Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one Joel B. Pollak the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , Joel B. Pollak Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at Joel B. Pollak . 
 