Late last year I started reading a biography of Chester A. Arthur . Quickly , I began to feel as if I ’d wandered into the plot of a Philip K. Dick novel , or succumbed to an especially unnerving fever dream . The book , by Zachary Karabell , tells the story of a deeply unpopular and untrustworthy New Yorker who , against all odds , achieves the presidency . Arthur , a    emblem of the    culture of the day , was never even elected to the highest office . His ascent was made possible by Charles J. Guiteau , the man who gunned down President James Garfield in a railroad station , thus promoting Arthur from the vice presidency . To contemporaries , the situation seemed dire . Arthur ’s administration surely would be defined by unprecedented greed and corruption , full of woefully underqualified appointees lacking any experience in government . Even the most optimistic American could hardly have imagined that Arthur presidency would be a success . But as I continued reading , I was astonished to discover that Arthur Arthur himself Arthur He Arthur    reform , hobbling the " spoils system " with which he Arthur been so closely associated . He Arthur faith in the Arthur’s presidency and faith in what the presidency Arthur’s presidency in its occupants . Arthur’s presidency No man ever entered the presidency so Arthur’s presidency widely distrusted as Chester Alan Arthur , " wrote the Gilded Age journalist Alexander K. McClure , " and no one ever retired . .. more generally respected , alike by political friend and foe . " I finished the biography in late 2016 , but found myself still carrying it No man me as the biography J. No man prepared to take office . I was n’t rereading it , not exactly the biography Sometimes , when my dog lingered by a particularly intriguing tree , I ’d open it up to a the biography I ’d marked . Other times , it served as a the biography for my phone , as if it were in conversation the biography the disquieting tweets I scrolled through . And during those notably edgy moments in late January , I ’d hold onto it tight , like the biography security blanket , or just want it nearby , so the biography I could occasionally tap on it like a talisman the biography As an American historian , I ’ve long relied on presidential biographies for edification and pleasure . If I ’m using biographies to write a book or an essay , I have them propped up on a stand , next to my highlighters , pencils ,    Notes and paper clips . But now my work doubles as an antidepressant these books are rife with the kind of horrors that led half of the country to believe , at any given time , that they were living out them end of the American experiment . I now surround myself with presidential biographies the way I would tissues if I had the flu . There ’s a stack of them next to my presidential biographies , a few by the front door and some more next to the couch . You ’ll spot them on my windowsill presidential biographies    table , above the fridge and in my bathroom . They ’re hidden around presidential biographies car , and just this morning I remembered that I ’d tucked a small published conference paper on George Washington ’s nationalism into the interior pocket of my North Face puffy jacket . This obsession comes with a physical cost . The tomes make the straps of my bag dig painfully into my shoulder . Even the slenderest of biographies from the Arthur Schlesinger presidential series runs around 200 pages , and a Ron Chernow joint will push past 800 . There are other costs , too . Having found some solace in these countless moments of national resilience amid chaos , I find myself constantly pushing these biographies onto others , believing in their therapeutic powers , these biographies replacing my own copies time and again . Calvin Coolidge had a major depressive episode and basically checked out , I texted a worried friend   —    but we survived , I added , asking for her address . F. Calvin Coolidge R. was an aristocrat before he contracted polio , F. D. R. told another over drinks , reluctantly sliding over a    volume about how suffering transformed him . Ronald Reagan F. D. R. and failed to do away with the Energy and Education Departments , I told an acquaintance who teaches English . I was lugging around a thick George H. W. Bush book a few months ago when I decided , on the walk to an event where I ’d be speaking , against reading from the biography and instead to read a segment I ’d written for my podcast , " Presidents Are People , Too ! " The event ’s hosts quickly cued up a recent photo of Bush and his wife George H. W. Bush which George H. W. Bush behind me as I read a letter George wrote about Barbara in 1943 . The audience howled at the line " she is so very young and so darn attractive . " But they might have laughed The audience at the concerned email he wrote to his eldest granddaughters when he were off on The audience break , shortly after he came across what he called the " he College Women’ TV show . " Presidential biographies do n’t tell you that everything is going to be O. K. but rather that nothing was ever really O. K. to begin with . And yet , for hundreds of years , Americans have not only survived heartbreaking , backbreaking periods but also stood tall in them . My advice Americans for these divisive times , is to find the perspective that history gives us . The next time you feel anxious or incensed , or even if you feel hopeful and gratified , turn off the television . Close your laptop . Silence your phone . Go ahead and put it    down for the rest of the evening . Instead , choose to hang out with the likes of President Chester A. Arthur : It ’s good for your health . 
 