Former Dirty Jobs host Mike Rowe praised Ford Motor Company ’s decision to cancel Ford Motor Company’s plans to build a $ 1 . 6 billion auto manufacturing plant in San Luis Potosi , Mexico . [ " I ’d like to take a moment to congratulate Ford , 6 billion auto manufacturing plant in San Luis Potosi, Mexico current employees , 6 billion auto manufacturing plant in San Luis Potosi, Mexico future employees , the great state of Michigan , and of course , The United States of America , " Mike Rowe wrote in a Facebook post Wednesday .   Rowe , an outspoken supporter of the American job market who ’s appeared in several Ford commercials and used to be a spokesman for the car company , said Ford ’s decision " is a big , fat victory for anyone who wants to see America get back to the business of making things . " Last February , Ford announced plans to double Ford manufacturing capacity in Mexico . The move was criticized by    presidential candidate Donald Trump . " Mexico is going to be the car capital of the world , "   presidential candidate Donald Trump told Breitbart News . " Michigan is being decimated . " On Tuesday , Ford CEO Mark Fields announced that Ford has cancelled its Ford to build a new plant in Mexico Mexico will instead invest $ 700 million in Michigan Michigan   which will create 700 new American jobs , CNN reported . Rowe says Ford Ford shift away from Mexico Mexico America may become a political issue , but advised his Rowe million Facebook fans to " ignore " partisan people . " Do me a favor   —    ignore these partisan people " he Rowe . " They do partisan people know how to feel good about anything other than feeling bad . They do partisan people understand the value of justifiable optimism   —    or it ’s importance . " " Honestly , I do n’t care what your politics are , or your opinion of NAFTA , The UAW , The New    rich people , poor people , The Global Economy , or The     —    this is good news , and sensible people should celebrate it , " Rowe wrote . " The company who invented mass production is once again betting on the future of America ! What ’s the worst part about that ? "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 