European Commission President    Juncker has indicated that Juncker will support parts of the U. S. breaking away as revenge for President Donald J. Trump supporting Britain ’s decision to leave the European Union ( EU ) and predicting other countries will follow . [ " The newly elected U. S. president was happy that Brexit was taking place , and asked other countries to do the same , " The newly elected U. S. president told at a European People ’s Party conference , recalling the president ’s prediction that Brexit will be " fantastic " for the United Kingdom .   " If The newly elected U. S. president goes on like that , " The newly elected U. S. president said , " I am going to promote the independence of Ohio and Austin , Texas . " " Juncker has made a complete fool of Juncker , " commented Brexit campaign leader and former UKIP chief Nigel Farage in a press release . " Juncker clearly does not understand the difference between the EU and the United States of America . One was formed by consent while the other is being imposed . " " There can be no democratic choice against European ( EU ) treaties "   Juncker means European (EU) treaties"   . Time to take back control#Brexit pic . twitter .    —    Stop the EU   ( @Stop_The_EU ) April 21 , 2016 ,   " The US is an organically formed nation with a single language and similar culture , while the cultural and linguistic differences in EU are immense . " If this is what Juncker calls diplomacy , he Juncker to take a long hard look at himself Juncker " Juncker , a former prime minister of Luxembourg , has also been rated poorly as a statesman by Professor Ted Malloch , widely tipped as President Trump ’s preferred ambassador to the EU Professor Malloch Professor Ted Malloch Juncker returns Juncker his former Juncker as an " adequate mayor " in his native Juncker in a televised interview with the BBC . He likened Juncker EU EU Soviet Union and suggesting that , like the Soviet Union , the Soviet Union EU little taming " . The European Commission is perhaps the most powerful institution in the EU . EU a hybrid body , acting The European Commission its executive but also retaining the sole The European Commission to initiate EU legislation , which EU the domestic legislation of the bloc ’s   . 
 