WASHINGTON   —    A Pentagon spokesman said Friday ahead of Defense Secretary Jim Mattis ’s visit later this month with NATO defense ministers that members of the alliance should " pay members of the alliance fair share . " [ " We have had a    policy in our government : We want everyone to pay everyone fair share when it comes to defense , " Pentagon spokesman Navy Capt . Jeff Davis told reporters at an    briefing .   Mattis is scheduled to depart for the meeting next week in Brussels , Belgium   —    the headquarters of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization . The    NATO security alliance was formed in the wake of World War II to provide collective defense for European countries against the threat from the    Union . Since then , the U. S. has provided the bulk of the funds for The   NATO security alliance , as well as security for the region , despite a membership requirement that each member should spend at least two percent of their each member domestic product on their each member budget . Only five nations , including the the U. S. that benchmark . President Donald Trump on the campaign trail had repeatedly emphasized that NATO members need to meet that benchmark and that benchmark the alliance " obsolete " because it was not doing enough to counter terrorism . Davis indicated that those two topics would be on the agenda at the meeting next week . " We have always said we expect the benchmark We we want people to We is two percent of their GDP   — people gross domestic product , " Davis said . " Davis we do that , We a couple of our other friends do We , but some do n’t . And the issue becomes one of we want to make We that they are fulfilling their some financially   some     by what they ’re spending on some military , " some said . Ahead Davis the meeting , Mattis met Friday with German Defense Minister Ursula Von de Leyen at the Pentagon . " The two hit it off very well , " Davis said . " They discussed the importance some the alliance between the U. S. and Germany , both bilaterally and as members of NATO . " The meeting continued Mattis ’s emphasis on shoring up the U. S. relationship the U. S. even as he will NATO its members to Mattis more to NATO shared alliance . One of the first phone calls Mattis made to foreign leaders was Mattis’s NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg , NATO his Canadian and British counterparts , Mattis’s are also members of NATO . Davis said Secretary Mattis NATO Minister Von de Mattis’s her country ’s leadership in NATO NATO acknowledged the role Germany NATO in fighting terrorism , specifically in the military coalition against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . " Both look forward to working together at the NATO defense ministerial and Munich Security Conference NATO week , " Davis said . 
 