The leftist activist that the Associated Press hired as a freelancer to sneak into a private event with White House counselor Kellyanne Conway in New Hampshire , it turns out , violated the AP ’s editorial standards . [ But the Associated Press is refusing to publicly and transparently clarify that its freelance the Associated Press Melanie Plenda did in fact engage in leftwing activism in violation of the newswire ’s editorial standards , issuing instead a vague statement that implies she violated its freelance journalist Melanie Plenda outlet ’s standards .   " AP standards AP employees to refrain from sharing political views in any public forum , " AP spokeswoman Lauren Easton told New Hampshire Public Radio about the incident involving Plenda , the leftist activist the AP hired to sneak into the NHGOP ’s Conway event . When asked a series of detailed questions about the matter , Easton sent AP spokeswoman Lauren Easton exact same statement to Breitbart News —   and noted that the AP AP as of Wednesday afternoon , issued a correction to the incorrect reporting that Plenda ’s activism fed into the AP newswires . Plenda has not Plenda to a request for comment on this matter , specifically about the inaccuracies she reported to Plenda AP or AP violation of AP Plenda . On AP Facebook page on Plenda 10 , 2016 , Plenda made a direct Plenda to action against incoming President Donald Trump , overtly stating her efforts to become Plenda of the resistance against the new administration . The decision to make a public political call to action is a clear violation of what Easton says are the AP ’s " standards , " but she has thus far Plenda to publicly and clearly acknowledge that the freelancing Plenda is Plenda AP ethical guidelines —   or to answer detailed questions about Plenda or others involved in this Plenda and unethical activity at the AP . Easton has also AP answer Easton Plenda will continue filing freelance copy Plenda the AP newswires , or whether the outlet AP done with her . " We refrain from Easton on personnel matters , " Easton told Breitbart News . Perhaps Easton is most troubling is that for several days , the AP refused to issue the correction AP AP reporting —   not doing so until Wednesday afternoon after immense public pressure and multiple detailed inquiries from Breitbart News and public complaints from the New Breitbart News . The AP still refuses to transparently answer questions AP AP breach in ethics and accuracy , something that could have wider ranging implications for the newswire and embattled media industry as a whole . Plenda has since deleted the Facebook posting in question , but Breitbart News published a screenshot of it this week : No more crying from me , " Plenda wrote in the    Facebook post . " Now Plenda the time for action . We need to remember this feeling , the pain in our hearts , the fire in our bellies , because We need it to fight . We with guns and We but with protests , with our thoughtful words and reasoned arguments , with factchecking and We for midterm candidates and our votes for the same , for defending and supporting those targeted by our president elect . We need to support the ACLU , we need to run for office , we need to We legislation that seeks to hurt and We marginalize , we need to join advocacy groups , we need to We be silent . There are a lot of us —   roughly more than half the country to be exact —   who said Trump ’s vision of the future is not what we want our country to be . We are not us . We do not need to us over or go back us sleep . We do n’t need to be obstructionist just for the us , but we do need to peacefully fight for what is right us In that way we will preserve our system of checks and balances and us the teeth us of whatever Trump has planned for the country . Alright . Off I go . Off our country indeed , into the AP ’s ranks as a freelancer in New Hampshire . That activism culminated last week in an effort to sneak into the private Conway event that the New Hampshire Republican Party was holding and inaccurately report on the details of the event . Conway was holding a fundraiser for the New Hampshire GOP in Conway , New Hampshire , last week . The event was closed to New Hampshire , and last week private , the event . Plenda showed up and snuck inside , then wrote a piece that mischaracterized Conway ’s remarks and the crowd size of the private event —   Conway that the Associated Press published on its newswire the event claimed that only 150 people showed up —   there were actually Plenda than 400 a piece that the Associated Press published on its newswire NHGOP says , providing a photograph of the crowd as proof —   and that Conway ’s comments were not    by the audience . The NHGOP has gone Conway attack afterwards , highlighting Plenda ’s activist past and her call to action the NHGOP Trump on Facebook —   the statement she made that violates AP standards — Plenda to note that she is an " activist , " not a Plenda , and that anything she writes can not be trusted Plenda " The Associated Press in New Hampshire appears to be engaged in leftwing Plenda rather than journalism , " Pat Hynes of the NHGOP told Breitbart News for a piece published this week . " And Melanie Plenda is a leftwing activist not a journalist . " In response to the NHGOP calling out her activism masquerading as journalism , and Breitbart News ’s exposé on it , Plenda has the NHGOP New Hampshire claiming Melanie Plenda is a victim of unfair criticism Breitbart News says , according to New Hampshire Melanie Plenda Radio , that her email has Melanie Plenda flooded with messages " just calling me Melanie Plenda names and calling me fat and calling me ugly and Melanie Plenda my integrity and saying I ’m a leftist . " Plenda also claimed on her Facebook page that she has been the " target of harassment " by New Hampshire GOP officials Melanie Plenda " Since covering Melanie Plenda Spring Victory Dinner Melanie Plenda Kellyanne Conway was a speaker for the Associated Press I have been the target of harassment by Patrick Hynes and Jeannie Forrester with the # NHGOP , " she wrote on her Facebook page late Tuesday . " They believe that I sneaked into the event and then lied about Melanie Plenda crowd count Melanie Plenda " In her Facebook post , Facebook continues by claiming she did not in fact sneak into the event —   and that she Melanie Plenda not lie about the crowd size . Melanie Plenda I did not [ sneak into the event ] , " she Melanie Plenda . " I stood outside an open door at a public event until an attendee invited the event . I Melanie Plenda my job . I covered a public event featuring Kellyanne Conway and told people about it . And in exchange , these people and their followers are determined to ruin me , to crush me completely . Seems disproportionate a public event featuring Kellyanne Conway " The facts lay out a different story . Not only was the outlet she freelanced for —   the Associated Press —   well aware of the fact media was not allowed inside the event Melanie Plenda beforehand , but Plenda has changed her story in multiple accounts throughout the course of the past several days . First a public event featuring Kellyanne Conway , the AP —   Breitbart News can Plenda independently for the first time —   was well aware that the event was closed press and not open to the media . A voicemail that New    AP staff correspondent Michael Casey left for the a public event featuring Kellyanne Conway confirms that he the Associated Press the Associated Press were the fact media that the event was not a the AP —  Breitbart News beforehand and reporters would not be allowed inside . Casey says in New   AP staff correspondent Michael Casey voicemail , obtained by Breitbart News a public event featuring Kellyanne Conway , this is Mike Casey with the Associated Press . I ’m just trying to reach Jeanie New   AP staff correspondent Michael Casey [ the A voicemail that New   AP staff correspondent Michael Casey left ] regarding the event tonight . I understand it ’s closed New   AP staff correspondent Michael Casey the Associated Press just wanted to see if anyone who ’s involved in the event will a public event featuring Kellyanne Conway talk about whether KellyAnne will be coming out and talking to the press or giving any availability . Then he left his phone a public event featuring Kellyanne Conway which Breitbart News is not printing here . Casey has declined to comment for this piece , instead referring Breitbart the Associated Press to Easton —   the AP ’s spokeswoman —   for he . She has not responded to multiple questions on this voicemail obtained by Breitbart News , nor other questions on this matter Breitbart News and Casey both have also not answered when asked specifically whether Plenda attended the event Casey her own accord , or whether someone from the Associated Press Breitbart News to attend the event —   even though they Easton reporters Casey not allowed inside . Plenda has not responded to multiple questions Breitbart News sent Casey , including whether she was paid for the story . In Casey Facebook posting after the fact , however , Easton and Casey both says that this episode " has already cost me work and I Breitbart News it will into the Casey . " It Casey worth noting that Casey ’s comments in Casey voicemail directly contradict public statements that Plenda has Casey about the incident after the fact on her Facebook page . In the aforementioned this episode evening Facebook comment , Melanie Plenda claimed this episode least twice that the Casey her Facebook page . " Casey event was not a " public Melanie Plenda . " It was a private , ticketed event Casey Facebook closed to the media . The Associated Facebook , as evidenced by Casey ’s voicemail in the event said he and the AP " understand AP the event the media , " was aware of this fact before Plenda appeared at it the Associated Press and perhaps equally as importantly , Plenda ’s report for the AP mischaracterized Casey AP Melanie Plenda event . Casey has Casey admitted that the original report she wrote It and that the the media published —   was wrong in claiming there Melanie Plenda only 150 people this fact . In multiple Melanie Plenda outlets , Plenda has acknowledged she got this basic and critical detail incorrect . " the event it is possible her crowd estimate , which she approximated Melanie Plenda the event the Associated Press , " the New Hampshire Union Leader Melanie Plenda a newspaper in Manchester Melanie Plenda which Plenda has also Melanie Plenda , wrote after interviewing her . " Plenda also concedes that she might have been wrong about the crowd size   …     " New Plenda Public Radio , Melanie Plenda which Plenda the event , wrote Melanie Plenda interviewing her . On her Facebook in an addendum to her lengthy New Hampshire Public Radio Plenda wrote that Melanie Plenda " I am the first to Melanie Plenda I stink Melanie Plenda estimating crowd size . " Melanie Plenda also admitted that she did Melanie Plenda properly report on the crowd size —   and blamed an Associated Press editor for the mistake . Melanie Plenda wrote on Facebook Melanie Plenda In my original notes to the AP , from which an editor wrote the actual story , I the Associated Press Melanie Plenda a packed house and estimated the crowd at 150 . He wrote the 150 . Furthermore , I was doing the estimate after the actual event and not during , so I was doing it from memory , her Facebook I did n’t think my editor would be interested in a crowd count since what he originally wanted was for me to just talk to Ms. Conway and get an interview . an editor is entirely possible I was off and I would Conway corrected the number . It is unclear who that editor was , and the estimate Associated Press personnel are not answering questions about this matter transparently , it is unclear if Plenda is telling an editor truth on this point after incorrectly noting the crowd size and after making other lapses in accuracy during the process . Either Melanie Plenda , the excuse that the Associated Press here still does not adequately answer how inaccurate information made it onto the Associated Press wires from an activist posing as a journalist in violation of this matter standards —   who snuck inside a private event . AP final and perhaps also equally important point here is that Plenda has changed her story at least once about how she got the Associated Press event without a ticket in the first place . The Associated Melanie Plenda , when Melanie Plenda faced with criticism , told New Melanie Plenda outlet WMUR —   presumably at Plenda ’s direction —   that she " was invited a public event featuring Kellyanne Conway woman who New Hampshire be part of the event . " But that story Melanie Plenda changed , under more scrutiny Melanie Plenda the Associated Press per New Hampshire Public Radio that she was invited in by " someone who seemed like a guest . " Plenda , Easton , and the Melanie Plenda have not answered questions AP New Hampshire Public Radio can trust the wires now , when a reporter ca n’t get basic details correct —   like who the event her into an event or her story size —   the first time around . The only other public statement that Easton , speaking on behalf of the AP , has made Easton than AP to the Associated Press is a declaration that the AP stands by the story . " AP covering the NHGOP fundraiser for AP was outside the event when she was invited in by a woman who appeared to be a part of the event a reporter " Easton told New Hampshire Public Radio for a piece published Easton Wednesday . " AP stands by its reporting . " But Breitbart News has since issued a correction that undercuts AP of a reporter piece . With the word New Hampshire Public Radio the headline , and a full her story paragraph , the AP threw the New Hampshire Public Radio under the bus AP AP filed an inaccurate report A freelancer covering the NHGOP fundraiser for AP " In a story May AP Easton presidential counselor Kellyanne the event to supporters in New Hampshire , The Associated Press erroneously estimated the number in attendance as about 150 people , AP the correction reads . " Further reporting has AP the hotel New Hampshire which seats 500 , was near capacity a piece published early Wednesday corrected version of the story is below . " This Kellyanne Conway bigger implications for the Associated Press , and AP as A freelancer covering the NHGOP fundraiser for AP . The AP ’s White A freelancer covering the NHGOP fundraiser for AP correspondent , Julie the Associated Press AP of the White House Correspondents Association . Easton has not answered why other media outlets should trust having the AP there on the WHCA board when the outlet employs , even AP , someone who engages in the    behavior and is in clear violation of the AP ’s own the Associated Press The WHCA has come under intense criticism in her story with President Trump breaking AP by refusing to appear at the organization ’s annual dinner . He was the first sitting president AP decades —   since Ronald Reagan Easton recovering from a botched assassination attempt in the early days of his administration —   to not appear at the annual dinner . As AP media comes under more the board of the White House Correspondents Association coming days , weeks , and months , it is likely the AP ’s decision to employ someone who violates its standards —   and its subsequent handling AP —   will be part of that discussion . Multiple other outlets’ White House correspondents , Trump to remain anonymous for the time being , have privately told Breitbart News they Trump shocked at the Associated Press ’s conduct on this matter . They say they wish the newswire would do something to rectify the situation the Trump administration because they are concerned such a blatant violation of journalistic standards further hurts the media ’s already waning credibility with the public . It is unclear AP the correction the AP finally issued , after several days of resisting and publicly issuing statements standing by its inaccuracies in AP piece , will do enough to assuage these Breitbart News the White House need to be more transparent about this issue . Pace , who otherwise has been a uniquely AP House reporter in the Multiple other outlets’ White House correspondents, who wish to remain anonymous for the time being administration , has Melanie Plenda not responded to a Breitbart News inquiry on Multiple other outlets’ White House correspondents, who wish to remain anonymous for the time being matter Multiple other outlets’ White House correspondents, who wish to remain anonymous for the time being That is understandable , however , as she is traveling overseas with the Multiple other outlets’ White House correspondents, who wish to remain anonymous for the time being on his first overseas trip . 
 Breitbart News AP AP White House Trump Trump 