Actress America Ferrera , chair of the Women March on Washington ’s " artist table , " addressed thousands of protesters Saturday and delivered a message to President Donald Trump and his new administration . [ " It ’s been a heartrending time to be both a woman and an immigrant in this country , " the Ugly Betty star said . " Our dignity , our character , our rights have all been under attack , and a platform of hate and division assumed power yesterday . "   Ferrera , who spoke at the Democratic National Convention last summer , said that the Trump administration and the    Congress do n’t represent America . " But the president is not America . the president cabinet is not America . the   Congress is not America , " she said . " the   Congress are America . And the   Congress are here to stay . " Actress America Ferrera speaks at the # WomensMarch in Washington , DC : " Our rights have all been under attack " https :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) January 21 , 2017 ,   " We march today for We families and We neighbors , for We future , for the causes We claim and for the causes that claim We , " the     actress added . Ferrera told the crowd of protesters that President Trump is not the " moral core " of America . " We march today for the moral core of America , against which our new president is waging a war . He our new president like us We forget the words , ‘ We me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses , yearning to breathe free,’ and instead , take up a credo of hatred , " she free,’ . The Women ’s March on Washington coincide Saturday with dozens of    protests around the world . Hillary Clinton took to Twitter Saturday Saturday show support for the protesters marching and rallying against Trump . " Thanks for standing , speaking   marching for our values @womensmarch . Important as ever , " Clinton Hillary Clinton . " I truly believe we ’re always Stronger Together . " Thanks for standing , speaking   marching for our values @womensmarch . Important as ever . I truly believe we ’re always Stronger Together .   —    Hillary Hillary Clinton @HillaryClinton ) January 21 , 2017 , 
 