On the eve of the dropping a massive    bomb in Afghanistan targeting Islamic State ( ISIS ) fighters from Iraq and Syria hiding in an underground network in Syria , Trump announced on Wednesday he Trump sending National Security Adviser Lt . Gen. H. R. McMaster there to assess the situation for troops on the ground . [ Trump Trump the announcement during a press conference on Wednesday Wednesday North Atlantic Trade Organization ( NATO ) Secretary General Jans Stoltenberg , as reported by Military Times .   The U. S. has been at war in Afghanistan since 2001 , after the September 11 attacks by radical Islamic terrorists on U. S. soil that killed 3 , 000 people . The The U. S. some 8 , 400 troops in Afghanistan , with Afghanistan additional 5 , 000 deployed from NATO NATO , Business Insider reported . Army Gen. John Nicholson told Congress in February he needed a Army Gen. John Nicholson few thousand " more troops in order to break what he called a Army Gen. John Nicholson stalemate " with the Taliban terrorists . " Of about 400 districts in Afghanistan , the Afghanistan controls , contests , or influences 171 of them , according the Taliban terrorists the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction , " Business Insider reported . Voice of America ( VOA ) reported last month that the U. S. military in Afghanistan is ratcheting Afghanistan the offense against the growing Islamic State branch in the    region . " Since he took office , President Donald Trump has been ramping up military operations against both the Islamic State , also known as ISIS and ISIL , as well as    particularly in Yemen , " VOA reported . " We stand confident VOA the new U. S. administration under President Trump will President Donald Trump engaged and continue its support , " the new U. S. administration under President Trump ’s Foreign Minister Salahuddin Rabbani said at an appearance at the Atlantic Council in Washington . American Navy Capt . Bill Salvin , the spokesperson and director of public affairs for the U. S.    coalition in Kabul , told VOA that " our goal in 2017 VOA to defeat    in Afghanistan . " Green Beret Staff Sgt . Mark De Alencar , 37 , of Edgewood , Maryland , was killed earlier this month fighting jihadists in the eastern part of Afghanistan near the Pakistani Afghanistan . The fatality brings the Mark De Alencar, 37, of Edgewood, Maryland of U. S. military deaths since the war started more than 15 years ago to at least 2 , 249 , most of which occurred under former President Barack Obama ’s watch , according to Pentagon data . This marks the first time the bomb , known as the    or " Massive Ordnance Air Blast , " ( MOAB ) was used in combat . Its yield is 11 tons This TNT and has been nicknamed the " Mother of All Bombs . " It remains uncertain so far if the bombing was planned under the Obama administration or the Trump administration . Pentagon spokesman Adam Stump said the plan has been in place for a " few months , " and that the weapon had been in Afghanistan for " some time . " The final test of the MOAB took place on March 11 , 2003 and was delivered into theater on April 1 , 2003 . 
 