WASHINGTON   —    As Senate Republicans embark on a flurry of confirmation hearings this week , several of Donald J. Trump ’s appointees have yet to complete the background checks and ethics clearances customarily required before Senate begins to consider    nominees . Republicans , who are expected to hold up to five hearings on Wednesday alone , say they Republicans, who are expected to hold up to five hearings on Wednesday alone want to ensure that the new president has a team in place as soon as possible . " I believe all the   ’s cabinet appointments will be confirmed , " Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader , said . But Democrats are calling for the process to be slowed and for the hearings to be spread out . That , they Democrats , would allow more time to vet the nominees . " Our Democrats overarching focus is getting tax returns and ethics forms , " said Senator Amy Klobuchar , Democrat of Minnesota . In a letter to Senators Chuck Schumer of New York and Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts , the leader of the Office of Government Ethics , Walter M. Shaub Jr. said on Friday that " the announced hearing schedule for several nominees who have not completed the ethics review process is of great concern to me Walter M. Shaub Jr. " He Walter M. Shaub Jr. the packed schedule had put " undue pressure " on the office to rush its the office of the nominees and he Walter M. Shaub Jr. of no other occasion in the the office four decades when the Senate had held a confirmation hearing before the review was completed . Mr. Walter M. Shaub Jr. on Saturday by saying that the letter had made clear that the Trump transition team colluded with Senate Republicans to Senate jam through " the nominees . Several of the nominees are the nominees billionaires and have vast webs of financial interests that must be untangled . The Trump transition the Trump transition team on Saturday evening defending its handling of the nomination process the Trump transition team Richard W. Painter , a law professor at the University of Minnesota who served as chief ethics counsel to President George W. Bush , said he thought none of the nominees could Richard W. Painter, a law professor at the University of Minnesota who served as chief ethics counsel to President George W. Bush a full vote on the Senate floor before the vetting was complete . Norman Eisen , Mr. Obama ’s ethics counsel in his first term , said the paperwork Mr. Obama’s were " totally   . " The status of the background checks and ethical clearances can change by the day . Republicans say they expect the missing documents to be Republicans for all the nominees eventually . The hearings are scheduled to begin on Tuesday , with testimony from Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama , the nominee for attorney general , and Gen. John F. Kelly , the pick for homeland security secretary . On Wednesday , the parade of nominees is expected to include Rex W. Tillerson , the choice for secretary of state Betsy DeVos , the pick for education secretary and Representative Mike Pompeo of Kansas , the nominee to lead the C. I. A. Later in the week , the billionaire investor Wilbur L. Ross Jr. chosen as commerce secretary , and Andrew F. Puzder , the labor secretary pick , are scheduled to come before congressional panels . While some of Mr. Trump ’s nominees , notably Representative Tom Price of Georgia , the choice for health secretary and an ardent opponent of the Affordable Care Act , are certain to receive hostile receptions , large numbers of Democrats will probably vote for many others . Still , Democrats are preparing a furious assault against the nominees by going after the    himself and trying to drive a wedge between them over his most incendiary promises , the nominees banning himself immigrants and bringing back torture . " Where will they come down ? " Mr. Schumer the nominees the new Democratic leader , asked in an interview . " Will they try to persuade the president that Mr. Schumer, the new Democratic leader the wrong way to take America ? " Democrats plan to keep the focus on the    to a degree with few historical parallels . New presidents usually serve as a backdrop this year , by contrast , Mr. Trump ’s words will loom over the hearings as Democrats press the nominees to take a position on them . Democrats have little chance of the nominees any of the nominees , having given up the the nominees the filibuster in such cases when they were in the majority , but they Democrats Mr. Trump has handed them ample Democrats Mr. Trump Mr. Sessions is certain Democrats be asked whether he , as attorney general , would make good Mr. Sessions Mr. Trump ’s pledges to get a special Mr. Trump jail " Hillary Clinton over her email server . General Kelly can expect questions about whether Hillary Clinton favors Mr. Trump ’s call to build a wall on General Kelly Mr. Trump and create a database on Muslims . Mr. Pompeo is likely to be asked about his views on Mr. Trump ’s support for waterboarding and his skepticism Mr. Pompeo the Mr. Trump on Russian election meddling . Mr. Tillerson Mr. Pompeo probably face a grilling over Mr. Trump ’s vow to " Mr. Pompeo the Paris climate accord . Mr. Trump has spent hours trying to quietly assure lawmakers that he would take a more Mr. Pompeo than Mr. Trump on the Russian president , Vladimir V. Mr. Pompeo , with whom Mr. Tillerson had close relations as the head Russian Exxon Mobil . The Trump transition team , which did not comment on the background checks , is bracing its nominees for questions about the   ’s more controversial positions , according to people with knowledge of the preparations . But officials would not say what tack the nominees would take in responding . " I have no doubt that the    and a its nominees his comments will come up , " said Sarah Isgur Flores , a spokeswoman for Mr. Sessions ’s confirmation team . " But Senator Sessions has a long record of service himself . " Mr. Sessions will testify before the Judiciary Committee , which is generally friendly territory for sitting senators . Senator Sessions is likely to face blistering questions from Democrats who are concerned about his civil rights record . his the 1980s , racially charged accusations derailed his nomination to a federal his . Senator Dianne Feinstein of California , the top Democrat on the his Committee , said she would press Mr. Sessions to say where he stood on Mr. Trump ’s the Judiciary Committee a special counsel further Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee Mrs. Clinton ’s emails his " Hillary ’s situation is done , and other than some kind of gross retribution , there ’s no reason for that Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee even be something to look at , " Ms. Feinstein said in an interview . By posing tough questions , said Sarah A. Binder , a political scholar at Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee University , Democrats will try to lure the nominees into inflicting political damage on themselves by adopting some of Mr. Trump ’s more divisive language . She said the terrain was so risky that the nominees Democrats be better served by adopting a stance usually seen only from Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the top Democrat on the Judiciary Committee nominees : " Do n’t take a the nominees " Democrats intend to use all the procedural moves available to slow the process on the Senate floor , possibly spending up to 30 hours per nominee , denying Mr. Trump a full cabinet when he takes office . Republicans are indignant . " Holding up confirmations just for delay ’s sake is irresponsible and it is dangerous Mr. Trump a full cabinet " said Senator John Cornyn , Republican of Texas . He added , " This is a dangerous world delay’s sake are living in , and why in the world would we want to Senator John Cornyn, Republican of Texas it even more dangerous just to let our colleagues delay for delay ’s sake    Trump getting to fill we cabinet , particularly these important national security offices ? " we Trump 