Despite continuous stories in the media reporting that President Donald Trump has the lowest favorable rating in President Donald Trump first 100 days of any president in modern history , Congress ’s approval is worse . [ A new Gallup poll shows President Donald Trump ’s favorable rating stands at 40 percent , one percentage point above 39 percent for House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) .   Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ’s favorable rating is eight percentage points lower than Ryan ’s at 31 percent . But the honor for having the lowest rating goes to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) which stands at 27 percent . " As the possibility of a government shutdown looms , fewer than one in three Americans view either party ’s U. S. Senate leader favorably , " Gallup reported on Wednesday . " Although both men have been prominent figures in Congress for decades , roughly a third of Americans do n’t know either well enough to have an opinion . " The Gallup data , collected in an April    poll , marks the first time Gallup has measured Schumer ’s popularity and notes that Schumer 31 percent matches the same number for McConnell when Schumer was first rated in 2010 . " McConnell image has been consistently less positive than that in polls since then , with his McConnell rating ranging mostly in the 20s   —    and his McConnell % favorable in 2015 marking a low for the majority leader . Since 2013 , Americans have consistently been more likely to have an unfavorable view of McConnell McConnell " Gallup reported . Gallup Gallup that Ryan ’s ’s popularity has declined by almost 10 percentage points since the failure of the American Health Care Act   —    from 48 percent in November 2016 to 39 percent in April . " Ryan Ryan not alone in low ratings among House leadership , " Gallup reported . " Nancy Pelosi , the House Democratic leader , currently has a 34 % favorable rating and a 48 % unfavorable rating   —    slightly worse than Ryan Ryan . " This week Ryan Ryan popularity will face new challenges as the House weighs in on Trump ’s tax reform proposal and funding the government . " A key to Ryan Ryan as speaker will be in maintaining GOP support in Congress , something that Boehner was unable to do , " Gallup reported . 
 