An online feud between pop stars Rihanna and Azealia Banks over President Donald Trump ’s executive order on refugees ended with Banks posting Rihanna ’s phone number on the internet . [ Amid the    furor over President Donald Trump executive order , which temporarily halts immigration from seven countries with high terror threats while the refugee vetting process is being reviewed , Rihanna tweeted Rihanna disgust with Trump President Donald Trump action , describing Trump as President Donald Trump " immoral pig . "   Disgusted ! The news is devastating ! America is being ruined right before our eyes ! What an immoral pig you have to be to implement such BS ! !   —    Rihanna ( @rihanna ) January 29 , 2017 ,   In response , Banks , who endorsed Donald Trump ’s campaign , wrote on Instagram : " as far as Rihanna ( who is n’t a citizen , and ca n’t vote ) and all the rest of the celebrities who are using their influence Banks, who endorsed Donald Trump’s campaign stir the public , you lot really REALLY need to shut up and sit down . Stop chastising the president . It ’s stupid and pathetic to watch . All of these confused people confuse other confused people . " Rihanna then responded to Banks by making a reference to a video in which Banks was Banks saying she sacrificed Rihanna as part of a personal ritual . Rihanna also Rihanna a range of hashtags such as # saveourhens and # stayawayfromthechickens , as well as screenshots in which Banks accused her of Rihanna a sex and drug addict .   the face you make when you a immigrant   # stayawayfromthechickens # iheartnuggets   # saveourhens . A photo posted by badgalriri ( @badgalriri ) on Jan 29 , 2017 at 9:18am PST ,   Banks then punched back by posting on her Instagram Rihanna Rihanna ’s phone number with a caption entitled " Bombs Away . " The post has since been taken down . The feud is not the first time that the     Banks controversy . Last April , Alaskan Governor Sarah Palin said she would be taking Alaskan Governor Sarah Palin action against Banks after Banks called for Palin to be gang Alaskan Governor Sarah Palin by a group of black men . Furthermore , Banks was also banned Banks called for Palin to be gang raped by a group of black men Twitter last year after describing former One Direction singer Zayn Malik as a " sand n*****. " You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . Ben Kew 
 