DAVOS , Switzerland ( AP )   —    At the Davos economic conference , " it ’s important to listen to the populists , " says the founder of the annual gathering of movers and shakers , adding that he hopes to welcome U. S. President Donald Trump " expressing he ideas " at the Swiss forum one day . [ Critics often accuse the yearly World Economic Forum in the Swiss Alps of being a    playground for    business and political elites . But founder Klaus Schwab said this year ’s event , which opens Monday before a public start Tuesday , is reaching out to populist politicians who have ridden a wave of discontent among the masses .   " It ’s important to listen to the populists , and actually we have several sessions where we deal with these issues , and we have representatives of populist parties here with we , " Klaus Schwab said in an interview Sunday with The Associated Press . " The Associated Press have to take it ( populism ) seriously . " For a forum that strives to take the pulse of the world each year and produce " a real hub of a global discussion , " Klaus Schwab said " it would be soundly unrealistic and far from realities if we did not integrate the concerns of populists very much into we own deliberation . " For this 47th Davos conference , a record turnout of some 3 , 000 people will gather around the theme of ‘ Responsive and Responsible Leadership , " alluding to the challenge of wise    during a time of populist fervor . Chinese President Xi Jinping , the first Chinese head of state ever to attend the forum , is perhaps the standout among 46 heads of state expected to be on hand . Xi ’s visit to Davos during an official visit to Switzerland is important , Schwab said , because Xi’s visit to Davos during an official visit to Switzerland shows how the world is moving from a " unipolar to a multipolar world . " As for the United States , the incoming Trump administration will be represented by adviser Anthony Scaramucci , a financier who has attended Davos in the past . Schwab said WEF organizers knew Trump would n’t attend this year because Trump inauguration Friday is on the conference ’s last day . Trump has never attended the forum " and I ’m looking forward to having Trump here , and having Trump expressing Trump ideas , " Schwab said . " I hope Trump will join Schwab . I can not predict that , it depends very much on the future of the politics of the U. S. administration . " At the Swiss ski resort itself , snow blowers were out , setup crews were drilling snow blowers last rivets and audiovisual technicians were putting the final touches on big screens set to welcome glitterati like Matt Damon , will . i. am and Forest Whitaker . U. S. Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State John Kerry will also be attending the forum at the nearly    Alpine village . Rightly or wrongly , Davos has become one of the most potent symbols of a growing disparity between the haves and the    since the global financial crisis of 2008 . Trump ’s election in November , Britain ’s June vote to leave the European Union and rising populist movements from Poland to the Philippines testify to a rising disgruntlement with ruling elites seen as detached from the people . " This is among the most important meeting in the WEF ’s history because business has to take up the challenges that exist in a populist world , " Richard Edelman , president and CEO of the Edelman marketing firm , told the AP . Edelman said social and economic fears have been " allowed to fester "   —    and businesses are    to address businesses " by paying businesses employees fairly , talking with , and empowering businesses employees . " John Drzik , president of the global insurance and risk management firm Marsh , said Davos can be useful if Davos helps to identify and address problems . " Probably the most positive thing is that there is a collective recognition of something , " John Drzik, president of the global insurance and risk management firm Marsh said . " People who are there certainly have the power to lead , and can shift course . " Pan Pylas in Davos , Switzerland , contributed to this report . 
 