Rapper and    of the television series Martha   Snoop ’s Dinner Party Snoop Dogg posted a video daring artists he calls " Uncle    n*ggas " to perform at Donald Trump ’s inauguration . [ " So ai n’t nobody going to perform for Donald Trump , huh ? " Rapper and   of the television series asks in a video posted online . " Which one of you    n*ggas gon na be the first one to do it ? Wait , I ’m going to roast the f*ck out of one of you Uncle    n*ggas for doing it . "   " Which one of you n*ggas gon na do it first ? " Snoop asks Rapper and   of the television series then answers in a condescending manner : " I’sa bees the one that performs for him , Rapper and   of the television series . " Broadway singer Jennifer Holliday , who is black , has already backed out of performing at Trump ’s inauguration , describing her initial Rapper and   of the television series to perform a " lapse in judgment . " The Marching Tornados of Talladega College , Alabama ’s oldest private historically black college , has faced fierce backlash after the school ’s president accepted an invitation to perform at Trump ’s inaugural Trump’s " They ’ve said that I have shamed the college by making this decision , and her initial decision to perform a "lapse in judgment had folks say that I ’m a disgrace to my    race , " Talladega College President Billy Hawkins told Fox News host Bill O’Reilly . " It ’s been pretty nasty . " Bucking Snoop ’s criticism is Sam Moore of legendary soul and RB duo Sam   Dave , who is expected to perform at the " Make America Great Again ! Welcome Celebration " on January 19 in Washington , D. C. Moore responded to a question about potential backlash for performing at Trump ’s inauguration , saying " I am not going to let them , the left side potential backlash for performing at Trump’s inauguration intimidate me from doing what I feel is the right thing to do for the country and that [ America seal . " Snoop has never been a fan of Trump . He has called the Trump’s a Snoop reckless motherf*cker " who does n’t deserve to be anywhere near the Oval Office . In July , Snoop , who endorsed Hillary Clinton , ripped Trump in a video posted to Trump’s Instagram account . After Trump Trump’s surprise Election Night victory Trump’s Snoop posted a photo to Instagram of Toronto ’s iconic Canadian National ( CN ) Tower calling it " my new home . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 