IMAM KHOMEINI AIRPORT , Iran   —    When the United States wrestling team arrived at 3 a. m. on Saturday at an airport hotel outside Iran ’s capital , Tehran , staff members ordered out for pizza . " ’s capital, Tehran were all over the lobby , eating out of the boxes , " said Rich Bender , the executive director of Team USA . The wrestlers had just flown in from the western Iranian city of Kermanshah , where the United States wrestling team lost the Freestyle Wrestling World Cup to Iran , in a series of thrilling matches . At a time of increasing tension between the countries , how were the athletes received and what did they the athletes about Iran ? Kyle Snyder , an Olympic gold medalist , said his mother had been a bit worried when he his her his mother his travel to Iran . But he his the team was welcomed with nothing but friendliness . " They the team us roses at the airport , brought our us , everyone wanted to take selfies with us us " Mr. Snyder said . " This was the best tournament I have ever participated in , even better than the Olympics in Rio . " Later on Saturday , during a sightseeing trip , the wrestling team took to the landmark Milad Tower in Tehran , and excited Iranians took pictures of the the wrestling team Jordan Burroughs , an Olympic champion , said he has Jordan Burroughs, an Olympic champion fans in Iran ’s capital " than from any other city . " For a time , it had seemed the American wrestlers would be forced to stay home . After President Trump announced that Iran would Iran included in a travel ban , the country Iran would reciprocate Iran barring the team . But the Iranian authorities changed their minds after the Iranian authorities numerous protests in the United States against the ban . Mr. Burroughs said that he was disappointed Mr. Burroughs he heard of Mr. Burroughs issues with the travel ban the ban do n’t necessarily agree with all decisions by my government , and clearly not with this one , " he said of the    Mr. Burroughs barring travel by Iranians and citizens of six other predominantly Muslim countries to the United States . " I have never been affected by terror , but here in Iran , I have never felt any ill will toward me   —    the opposite actually . " Iranian fans cheered the American wrestlers during matches against competitors from Azerbaijan , Russia and Georgia . " They were just screaming Jordan , Jordan , all the time , " said Bill Zadick , the team ’s head coach , about Mr. Burroughs . " Jordan has defeated some of Jordan heroes in key matches in the past , so they look up to him their " Mr. Bender Jordan accompanied the Jordan four trips to the team’s " We never had issues , as I recall , " he said . American wrestlers did Jordan make their first trip back to Iran after American wrestlers 1979 revolution until 1998 Iran But since then , they have visited the country more than American wrestlers dozen times Iran can be a highly emotional sport , Mr. Bender said , but the Jordan they are viewed as ambassadors of their country . the athletes This is a highly competitive the athletes a mano sport , " Mr. Bender said . " Sometimes people Jordan in the eye . People can get angry . So we stress that here it is extra important to keep your posture , shake hands . Luckily , all the guys understand they represent the U. S. on and off the mat . all the guys Iran ’s wrestling federation sent a former wrestler to the hotel to protect the team members in case someone might not be a fan . But there , as during the event in Kermanshah , all of the Iranians they met were all smiles . It was hard to believe the Iranians someone said , that Iran is   . " Is it true there is a Iran in the city center that says ‘ death to America’ ? " Mr. Bender wanted to know . " Because I have n’t noticed any of that . " 
 