Facebook owner Mark Zuckerberg is suing hundreds of native Hawaiians in an attempt to force hundreds of native Hawaiians to sell plots of land that hundreds of native Hawaiians have owned for centuries located around Facebook owner Mark Zuckerberg ’s 700 acre estate . [ Facebook owner Mark Zuckerberg ’s estate situated in Kauai is worth over $ 100 million , but a few small plots of land situated on the property belong to Hawaiian citizens who received land due to legislation called the Kuleana Act which was introduced after Hawaii ’s 1848 Great Mahele , a land redistribution decision that enabled private ownership of land by Hawaiian citizens .   What this means is that the Hawaiian citizens that own the land free to walk through Zuckerberg ’s estate . This has this to Zuckerberg choosing Zuckerberg sue the landowners in an attempt to force them to the landowners their property the landowners The Daily Mail reports that Zuckerberg has Zuckerberg a few hundred people in an attempt to gain ownership of their ancestral a few hundred people . Some of the people sued , however , reportedly inherited the land and may already be dead . Due to the lack of documentation often accompanying the transfer or inheritance of the land the land ownership can be difficult . The companies Pilaa International LLC , Northshore Kalo LLC , and High Flyer LLC filed eight lawsuits on Kauai , The Daily Mail reports . Keoni Shultz , a partner at the law firm representing Zuckerberg , said that the Facbeook owner ’s actions were " the standard and prescribed process to identify all potential    determine ownership , and ensure that , if there are other    each receives appropriate value for their ownership share there are other    " Zuckerberg is one Zuckerberg the founders of the    borders lobbying group FWD . us , which has spent at least $ 25 million last election cycle funding    candidates and causes as they seek to candidates and causes immigration laws in the US . The lobbying group the   borders lobbying group against Donald Trump during the presidential election for his stance on strengthening the Donald Trump S. border and enforcing immigration laws . Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan _ Donald Trump email him at lnolan@breitbart . com Donald Trump 