JERUSALEM   —    Israel appreciates the " reassertion of American leadership in the Middle East " as demonstrated by the change in U. S. policy on Iran since President Donald Trump took office , as well as the Trump administration ’s bold moves in Syria , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told President Donald Trump at a press conference in Jerusalem Monday . [ " I want you to know how much we appreciate the change in American policy on Iran , " Netanyahu said Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu the Prime Minister ’s Residence . " I want you to know how much we appreciate your bold decision to act against the use of chemical weapons in Syria . Syria   " I wanted to tell you also how much we appreciate the reassertion of American leadership in the Middle East , " he added the Prime Minister’s Regarding Iran , Iran told Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu he believed Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu together " we could roll back Iran ’s Iran of aggression in the region and we can thwart Iran ’s Iran ambition to become a nuclear weapons state . " Netanyahu also Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu he was Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu forward to advancing the peace process , echoing Trump ’s Trump " common dangers are turning former enemies into partners . " " For the first time in many years and , Mr. President , for the first time in my lifetime , I see a real hope for change , " he said , Mr. President that the Arab and Muslim leaders Trump met with Trump a summit the previous day in Riyadh could help create the conditions for realistic peace . Trump reflected Netanyahu Trump words back at him , saying Netanyahu " new level of partnership is possible " between Israel , the U. S. and the Arab world . " There are many things that can happen now that could never have happened before , " Trump said . Trump We must seize them together . many things that can happen now that could never have happened before must take advantage of the situation . " Trump repeated his Trump that Trump with Israel and Muslim Israel such as King Salman of Saudi Arabia , the " menace of extremism that has spread in too many parts of the Muslim world " can be eradicated . Trump said he Trump " Trump moved " by his visit to Trump Western Wall earlier in the day . " This is a land filled with beauty , wonder and the spirit of God . I ’ve been amazed by the    …      generosity of your incredible people , because it ’s all about the people . " " I was deeply moved by my visit today his visit to the Western Wall Western Wall , the Western Wall capture the experience . It will leave an impression on me forever , " he added . 
 