President Donald Trump issued a clarion call to the Muslim world to fight Islamic terrorism of all kinds . [ " Drive the Muslim world out . Drive the Muslim world out of your places of worship . Drive the Muslim world out of your communities . Drive the Muslim world out of your holy land and drive the Muslim world out of this earth , " President Donald Trump said , during President Donald Trump speech in Saudi Arabia on Sunday .   Trump promised that America would serve as a willing partner to combat terrorism but that they had to take the lead . " America is prepared to stand with you in pursuit of shared interests and common security , but the nations of the Middle East can not wait for American power to crush this enemy for shared interests and common security , " Trump said . Trump described the cost of terrorism afflicting young Muslim men and women , as well as in countries around the world , urging all leaders to work for peace in the Middle East . Trump specifically called out terrorist attacks by name in the United States and Europe , calling them a terrorist attacks tragedy of epic proportions . " " Terrorists do not worship God , they worship Terrorists , " Trump said . He described Trump war against terrorism in religious tones , citing the name of God on God occasions . " If you choose the path of terror , your life will be empty , your life your life brief , and your soul will be fully condemned , " Trump said Trump The victims of terrorism , he explained Trump were of many faiths , not just one religion . He specifically Trump ISIS , Al Qaeda , Hezbollah , Hamas as part of the threat , calling for their eradication from Al Qaeda, Hezbollah, Hamas as part of the threat . " This is a battle between barbaric criminals who seek to obliterate human life and decent people all in the name of religion    …      this is a battle between good and evil , " he said . White House advisors previewed that Trump would deliver a " blunt speech " to the Muslim world and it showed . There was no standing ovation after it was complete , according to reporters in the room . 
 