The Atlantic magazine gives pollster Kellyanne Conway credit for Donald Trump ’s stunning victory in November , saying that she is " a principal architect of the theory behind Donald Trump ’s winning campaign . " [ Kellyanne Conway gets pollster Kellyanne Conway credit because Kellyanne Conway showed in a 2014 survey how Americans’ concerns about the fairness and impact of    legal and illegal immigration on Americans were being ignored , says author Molly Ball . Instead of paying attention to voters , elite business leaders , ethnic lobbyists , and media players preferred to focus their elite business leaders, ethnic lobbyists, and media players on foreign migrants into the United States .   Years before Conway went to work on Trump ’s campaign —   when she was still a midlist conservative pollster and Steve Bannon was still running Breitbart —   the two were charter members , Bannon Steve Bannon told me , of the " cabal " he Steve Bannon forming behind the scenes to upend the Republican establishment . And Conway Conway were the key to a major shift in the way Trump addressed Trump’s , which became his signature Steve Bannon . One Conway poll Conway particular —   a    2014 messaging memo commissioned by a controversial    group —   Bannon cited as a sort of Rosetta stone of the message that powered Trump ’s Trump’s It was , Bannon told me Bannon a pillar of " the intellectual infrastructure of the populist movement that candidate Trump galvanized " from the moment he began his Bannon in Bannon   …      That makes Conway a central figure in the political realignment Trump pulled off Trump’s 2016 , far more than the mere talking head many take her for   Trump’s      Another conclusion is that Trump ’s political Trump’s immigration restriction to be at the heart of his electoral appeal . Bannon is the major dividing point between his philosophy and that Bannon the erstwhile GOP establishment . Conway told me Trump Bannon fundamentally changed Trump’s terms of the immigration debate . " The conversation before was , ‘ What is fair to the illegal immigrant?’ Are you ripping families apart ? Should the DACA kids stay ? Should they have driver ’s the DACA kids ? " she told me . " Now , the conversation is also The conversation What ’s fair to the American worker?’ What ’s fair to the local economy ? What ’s fair to law enforcement ? What is fair all the way around ? " The Atlantic‘s article is not news to Breitbart readers , who already read about Conway ’s central role , and who are familiar with her 2014 poll . Other she outlets also described the impact of Conway ’s 2014 survey . Conway’s Atlantic article is a The Atlantic‘s article the establishment media which is reluctant to admit the huge impact of nation ’s    economic policy on ordinary Americans . Read it all here .      
 