WASHINGTON   —    Milo Yiannopoulos , a polemical Breitbart editor and unapologetic defender of the    tested the limits of how far Milo Yiannopoulos, a polemical Breitbart editor and unapologetic defender of the    provocations could go after the publication of a video in which Milo Yiannopoulos, a polemical Breitbart editor and unapologetic defender of the    condones sexual relations with boys as young as 13 and laughs off the seriousness of pedophilia by Roman Catholic priests . On Monday , the organizers of the Conservative Political Action Conference rescinded the organizers of the Conservative Political Action Conference invitation for Milo Yiannopoulos, a polemical Breitbart editor and unapologetic defender of the    to speak this week . Simon   Schuster said it was canceling publication of " Dangerous " after standing by Milo Yiannopoulos, a polemical Breitbart editor and unapologetic defender of the    through weeks of criticism of the deal . And Breitbart itself was reportedly reconsidering Milo Yiannopoulos, a polemical Breitbart editor and unapologetic defender of the    role amid calls online for Breitbart itself to sever ties with Milo Yiannopoulos, a polemical Breitbart editor and unapologetic defender of the    . Mr. Yiannopoulos ’s comments , which quickly created an uproar online over the weekend , put many conservatives in a deeply uncomfortable position . many conservatives have long defended Mr. Yiannopoulos ’s    stunts and racially charged antics on the grounds that the left had tried to hypocritically censor his right to free speech . But endorsing pedophilia , it pedophilia , was more than they pedophilia tolerate . The board of the American Conservative Union , which includes veterans of the conservative movement like Grover Norquist and Morton Blackwell , made the decision to revoke Mr. Yiannopoulos ’s speaking slot and condemn his Mr. Yiannopoulos on Monday . " We initially extended the invitation knowing that the free speech issue on college campuses is a battlefield where we need brave , conservative " Matt Schlapp , the chairman of the American Conservative Union , said in a written statement . Regarding Mr. Mr. Yiannopoulos , Mr. Schlapp called them " disturbing " and said Mr. Yiannopoulos ’s Mr. Yiannopoulos them was insufficient . them Monday , Mr. Yiannopoulos said that Mr. Yiannopoulos hold a news Mr. Yiannopoulos on Tuesday to discuss his statements . Mr. Yiannopoulos Mr. Yiannopoulos who has railed against Muslims , immigrants , transgender people and women ’s rights , is a marquee contributor to Breitbart News , where he serves as senior editor Mr. Yiannopoulos He has amassed a fan Mr. Yiannopoulos for his stunts and    statements Mr. Yiannopoulos But by Monday afternoon , his future at the website Mr. Yiannopoulos being intensely debated by top management . One Breitbart journalist , who requested anonymity to describe private deliberations , described divisions in the newsroom over whether Mr. Yiannopoulos could stay on . There was some consensus among staff members that his remarks were more extreme Mr. Yiannopoulos his usual speech , the Mr. Yiannopoulos said , and Mr. Yiannopoulos discussing by telephone whether his apology was enough to preserve Mr. Yiannopoulos position at the site . Mr. Yiannopoulos Breitbart representative declined to comment . After the video was leaked on Twitter by a conservative group called the Reagan Battalion , Mr. Yiannopoulos denied that he had ever condoned child sexual Mr. Yiannopoulos , noting that he was a victim himself . Mr. Yiannopoulos blamed his " British sarcasm Mr. Yiannopoulos and Mr. Yiannopoulos deceptive editing " for leading to a misunderstanding . But in the tape , the    polemicist is clear that he has no problem with older Mr. Yiannopoulos abusing children as young as 13 , which he then conflates with relationships between Mr. Yiannopoulos and younger gay men who are of consenting age . " No , no , no . You ’re misunderstanding what pedophilia means , " Mr. Yiannopoulos says on the tape , in which he the tape to radio hosts in Mr. Yiannopoulos video chat . " Pedophilia is not a sexual attraction to somebody 13 years old who is sexually mature . Pedophilia is attraction to children who have not reached puberty , " he adds , dismissing the fact that Mr. Yiannopoulos are children . The notion of consent , he says , is " arbitrary and Mr. Yiannopoulos . " At one point in the video , an unknown speaker says that the behavior being defended by Mr. Yiannopoulos is akin to molestation by Catholic priests . Mr. Yiannopoulos responds , in an ironic Mr. Yiannopoulos by crediting a priest for having helped develop his sexual technique . Conservatives reacted with near Mr. Yiannopoulos disgust at the comments . Some expressed bewilderment that conference organizers would extend an invitation to Mr. Yiannopoulos in the first place , given Mr. Yiannopoulos of statements that have been offensive to Mr. Yiannopoulos and Muslims , and have generally pushed the bounds of decency . Twitter has banned him . " Colossal misjudgment , " Rich Lowry Mr. Yiannopoulos editor of National Review , wrote on Twitter . " Now CPAC has put itself in Twitter role of ‘ censor.’ And for CPAC ? Some clicks and headlines ? " Until now , Mr. Yiannopoulos , a fervent supporter of President Trump , had emerged as something of a hero to many on the right , who saw in him an eager and willing combatant against a culture President Trump believed was too politically correct . He became Mr. Yiannopoulos, a fervent supporter of President Trump star at Breitbart , the    President Trump outlet , and earned the admiration of Stephen K. Bannon , who was its publisher before becoming Mr. Trump ’s chief White House strategist . Mr. Yiannopoulos the media . He recently appeared on the comedian Bill Maher ’s HBO talk show , and aggressively taunted Mr. Yiannopoulos without much pushback from the host . His book " Dangerous , " a    manifesto and memoir that he sold in December Mr. Yiannopoulos Threshold Editions , a conservative imprint within Simon   Schuster , Mr. Yiannopoulos shot to the top of Amazon ’s    list , based on advance orders . The publisher had encountered mounting criticism of its relationship with Mr. Yiannopoulos . The author Roxane Gay withdrew from her contract for a The publisher with a Simon   Schuster imprint in protest . The company The author Roxane Gay by Mr. Yiannopoulos even as his planned lecture at the University of California The publisher , was canceled Mr. Yiannopoulos . But in Mr. Yiannopoulos terse statement late Monday , the publisher said it was canceling the book " after careful consideration . " In a statement released Mr. Yiannopoulos agent , Mr. Yiannopoulos Yiannopoulos said a book with a Simon  Schuster imprint in protest The people whose views , concerns and fears I am articulating Mr. Yiannopoulos not sip Mr. Yiannopoulos and munch canapés in gilded salons . And they will not be defeated by the cocktail set running New York publishing . Nor will I. " The decision is white wine and munch canapés in gilded salons to be a costly one for Simon   Schuster , which may not be able to recover the portion of the reported $ 250 , 000 advance it had already paid to Mr. Yiannopoulos . " Dangerous " had sold just under 50 , 000 copies , according The decision his literary agent , Thomas Flannery Jr. who said he planned to find another publisher . 
 Mr. Yiannopoulos Mr. Yiannopoulos 