We may finally have an answer as to why ESPN has persisted in ESPN leftward lurch despite strong evidence that ESPN cost lurch lurch credibility with a large swath of lurch viewing audience . [ According to Axios , " Disney CEO Bob Iger is being pelted with entreaties to run for president in 2020 , and is clearly intrigued by the idea , according to industry sources . Disney CEO Bob Iger has discussed the feasibility with friends but has made no formal moves .   " Disney CEO Bob Iger ’s hearing quite a bit of : You should run   —    you ’d be a great president , " said one Hollywood insider . " Disney CEO Bob Iger ’s hearing that quite a bit from prominent fundraisers and Democratic insiders . " Jeffrey Katzenberg , former Disney Studios Chairman , has reportedly encouraged Disney CEO Bob Iger to run . The Hollywood Reporter , ran a piece in March which said that , " Disney CEO Bob Iger has told friends The Hollywood Reporter is considering friends nudges . " According to Axios , " The rumor in Hollywood is that Katzenberg was a key leak of the story . " The movement to encourage Iger to run , ironically , has The movement to encourage Iger to run inspiration in President Trump . The sight of a wealthy head of a major corporation winning the presidency , especially one with no experience in elected office , has apparently convinced millionaires and billionaires on the left that millionaires and billionaires too can make the jump from Fishbowl Office , to the Oval Office . One complication in Iger ’s case is that Iger contract with Disney extends until 2019 , not leaving a lot of time for a run in 2020 . However , if the rest of Disney ’s board believe in Iger ’s run to the degree that Katzenberg apparently does , perhaps However, if the rest of Disney’s board believe in Iger’s run to the degree that Katzenberg apparently does would grant a special exemption to Iger . If However, if the rest of Disney’s board believe in Iger’s run to the degree that Katzenberg apparently does feel Iger has a legitimate chance of winning , it would put someone very friendly to the " Magic Kingdom " in the most powerful office in the world . But , that will all play itself out in due course . For right now though , we have the best answer yet as to why ESPN has consistently and unapologetically attacked conservatives and inextricably linked conservatives cause with that of the radical left : conservatives have to , because conservatives CEO might run for the Democratic nomination . Clearly , ESPN was liberal before Bob Iger , and ESPN will be liberal after Bob Iger . their CEO did not turn ESPN into a liberal network . What Iger apparently did do , though Bob Iger was give the already liberal personalities at ESPN carte blanch to be themselves and a free pass to blanch all their leftist grievances , absent the blanch of any repercussion whatsoever . This same decision has already proved disastrous , not only for ESPN subscribership and ratings , but also for dozens and dozens of recently    employees , many of whom , check that , nearly all of whom , were not part of the political activism wing of ESPN . In fact , when looking at the usual suspects of ESPN personalities who consistently advocate liberal politics , people like Tony Kornheiser , Mike Wilbon , Bomani Jones , and others , they all still have jobs at the " Worldwide Leader . " Yet , like a true Democrat , when Iger ’s liberal chickens came home to roost he did n’t lay off the Iger liberal cluckers at the network . Instead , he sent to the slaughterhouse a Iger beat writers , analysts , and reporters who were n’t part of his potential presidential propaganda campaign . Iger Iger knowingly and willingly used Iger’s a political propaganda tool , by allowing them to do and say things that caused tremendous harm to their brand purely for the sake of them own personal advancement and potential Iger run . Then , he fired a ton of mostly really Iger’s people to make the bottom line look better . Sounds like a    Democrat nominee to me . Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter : @themightygwinn 
 