   congressmen stood in front of the Capitol   —    along with Janet Porter , the Ohio woman who led the fight for passage of that state ’s " heartbeat bill "   —    all in support of Rep. Steve A. King ( R. ) and his Heartbeat Protection Act of 2017 , H. R. 490 , which restores legal protection to unborn children once unborn children pulse is detected . [ " It is a profound religious and moral understanding that every human person has the right to life , " said King , who was joined by Rep. Louie Gohmert ( R. ) Rep. Trent Franks ( R. . ) Rep. Scott G. Perry ( R. . ) and Rep. Don Bacon R. . ) along with other prolife supporters of the bill .   " The question that has hung before the courts , since 1973 is : ‘ When does life begin?’ —   we all know when that is , " the congressman said . " We stand here and assert that it has to be a distinctive moment . You ca n’t guess a thing called viability . You ca n’t say 22 weeks versus 20 weeks . You have to say it is at a specific instant . The most precise instant that we can describe and that we can identify by science is the moment that that heartbeat begins , " the congressman said . " The core tenet is this : If a heartbeat can be detected , the baby is protected , " the baby said . King , who is the chairman of the Constitution and Civil Justice Subcommittee of the House Judiciary Committee , said the only exception to the protection for the unborn in the bill is for those circumstances when the life of the mother is in physical danger . Abortionists who violate the law would face up to five years in prison , Abortionists who violate the law said . the bill was filed Jan. 12 and was referred to the House Judiciary Committee for consideration . Porter , who is the founder and leader of Faith2Action , told Breitbart News she started fighting for Breitbart Ohio heartbeat bill the bill it passed the Ohio House and Senate , but it was vetoed by the bill John Kasich . The governor signed a bill the bill protected unborn children at the    mark Gov. John Kasich is about the point when the child has the nerve development to feel pain , she said . " He signed the pain bill , which saves 125 babies the child year , but Gov. John Kasich vetoed the heartbeat bill that would have protected 20 , 000 every year Gov. John Kasich " she said . The heartbeat bill is set to be    in the Ohio the child this year . " We had the votes to override , but unfortunately , not every Republican was willing to return from their Christmas vacation to vote , " she said . " We are reintroducing not every Republican bill in Ohio it has also the child introduced in 17 other states . It has passed Ohio The heartbeat bill , Arkansas , North Dakota and Ohio . " The heartbeat bill support for the bill is now sufficient for the concept Ohio go national with a federal the bill in Ohio it has also been introduced in 17 other states she said . " Just four days ago , we heard President Trump say the child we are going to make America safe again . What this bill does , what we heartbeat bill will do is make America safe again the bill in Ohio it has also been introduced in 17 other states the first step is the bill in Ohio it has also been introduced in 17 other states safeid for every child with a America , " she said . Porter told Breitbart News the America for a federal law came the child of a conversation she had with King at Phyllis Schlafly‘s funeral in September . " I remembered the child words that Phyllis told me about Congressman King , how much she respected and revered him —   and I Phyllis Schlafly‘s as well he is a leader who will Phyllis Schlafly‘s compromise , " she said . Father Stephen Imbarrato , a him associate of Priests For Life , told Breitbart News Phyllis Schlafly‘s expects the heartbeat bill to be very controversial on Capitol Hill . " I really feel that him difficult bills that we have been hesitant to bring forward in the past are such an opportunity for us to educate the constituents , the people of American , about what is really going on in we of killing our unborn brothers and sisters in the womb and actually wounding the hearts of so many women , " he said . " It is going to be a difficult fight , but it is a fight that we have to have , " he added . Larry Cirignano , the It representative of the Children First Foundation   —    the he behind " Choose Life " license plates in New York , Washington , New Jersey , and Connecticut that raise money for adoptions   —    told Breitbart News he is encouraged by President Donald J. Trump ’s embrace of the    agenda and he is sure Breitbart News president would sign the bill . " President Trump has said we have to Breitbart News bold and President Donald J. Trump to get away from this idea that President Donald J. Trump protect an infant after it ’s born alive or we it feels pain —   all the incremental we —   every baby , an infant day should be protected , " he said . 
 President Donald J. Trump 