The swamp in Washington encroaches on our very Mall , where The swamp in Washington threatens to claim a planned memorial to Dwight Eisenhower which against all precedent has been designed without accountability to or participation from the American public . [ Unsurprisingly the result is more contentious and expensive than any past presidential memorial , which has n’t kept eleven appointed commissioners from trying to build the result anyway . Now , without full funding in hand as the law requires , eleven appointed commissioners are asking Congress for public money to build eleven appointed commissioners design on a      basis .   It ’s a bad deal for the American people President Trump can prevent . Draining this corner of the swamp also comes with a prize that should appeal to our builder president , in the form of a better , cheaper , more    tribute to another leader who worked beyond party lines to make America great . What makes the current proposal so bad ? For a start , it is too big , with room to accommodate all three memorials to Washington , Lincoln , and Jefferson side by side . The Eisenhower Memorial would cost as much to build as the three of those monuments together , so The Eisenhower Memorial is also too expensive . The design also takes an attitude to honoring President Eisenhower that is unclear at best , depicting President Eisenhower as a seated child with a    statue , which is always too small where public sculpture is concerned . public sculpture will occupy a vast park its public sculpture calls a " theater for cars " on account of a    metal screen that serves as its public sculpture . Controversy around a plan so different from other presidential memorials has delayed approval and funding for years . It all sounds so unlike the uncontroversial , personally modest President Eisenhower , but it sounds very much like memorial designer Frank Gehry , another problem with his design . But it it how we got Gehry ’s design that ’s the real problem . Every memorial commissioned for the National Mall since the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in 1981 was designed through public competitions , which invited all who were interested to submit designs . These were then judged anonymously based on merit , which is how a     college student named Maya Lin came to design the the Vietnam Veterans Memorial In true democratic spirit these public competitions give equal opportunity to amateurs and professionals and focus on ideas , not personalities . They are widely these public competitions as fair , and they consistently deliver these public competitions on time and on budget . The Eisenhower Memorial Commission ignored this standard public process and selected Gehry directly . The architect has The Eisenhower Memorial Commission and professional ties to the commission ’s    The Eisenhower Memorial Commission he worked on a past The Eisenhower Memorial Commission for a concert hall in Los Angeles . Outright appointment being politically unfeasible , the commission turned to a The Eisenhower Memorial Commission used for federal courthouses and office buildings , which considers only registered architects and seeks designers , not designs . Congressional investigators found that for the Eisenhower Memorial the established selection criteria of this program were changed , in a government program used for federal courthouses and office buildings, which considers only registered architects and seeks designers, not designs that benefited Gehry by placing more emphasis on reputation , where he is strong , and less on past performance , where his record of cost and schedule overruns he him weak . That under Gehry ’s he President Eisenhower ’s memorial Gehry suffered exactly these problems should surprise no one . His design will cost more than twice he allotted budget , and he has His design claimed or been pledged he in excess of his original agreement based on a constantly he scope of work . Nor , given the fact he was chosen before he finalized a he , did Gehry he any incentive to keep costs or controversy down for fear his commission might go to someone else he as it would in a public competition where his commission winning design proved this problematic . So the Eisenhower Memorial ’s high cost and controversy follow directly from its architect ’s undemocratic and possibly irregular the Eisenhower Memorial . If we build his plan now , and on a he basis no less , costs and controversy will only escalate . Eventually , they can confuse or undermine President Eisenhower we build his plan now, and on a     basis no less, costs and controversy legacy itself . That careful steward of the public purse was a defender of public process and a prophet and scourge of bureaucratic tyranny . He would have likely more than object That careful steward of the public purse what —   and how —   his commission aims to build in his That careful steward of the public purse . As with so much That careful steward of the public purse what ’s been corrupted in Washington , it ’s also the integrity of a his commission public process that ’s at stake . There is no good reason to abandon public competitions that reflect our political ideals and consistently work , nor to substitute for this democratic process what looks very much like insider patronage . President Trump has the opportunity to fix President Eisenhower ’s memorial and protect the public participation that should be part of it . This requires something he knows very well how to do President Trump   step into a wasteful process to get a    project built better and cheaper . Here ’s hoping this opportunity is too good for him to pass up . Sam Roche President Trump an architect , is the spokesman for Right by Ike : Project for a New Eisenhower Memorial , at www . rightbyike . org . 
 