WASHINGTON   —    Employees of the Environmental Protection Agency have been calling Employees of the Environmental Protection Agency senators to urge their senators to vote on Friday against the confirmation of Scott Pruitt , President Trump ’s contentious nominee to run the agency , a remarkable display of activism and defiance that presages turbulent times ahead for the E. P. A. Many of the scientists , environmental lawyers and policy experts who work in E. P. A. offices around the country say the calls are a last resort for workers who fear a nominee selected to run an agency he has made a career out of fighting   —    by a president who has vowed to " get rid of " it . " Mr. Pruitt ’s background speaks for Mr. Pruitt’s background , and Mr. Pruitt’s background comes on top of what the president wants to do to E. P. A. , " said John O’Grady , a biochemist at an agency he has made a career out of fighting   since the first Bush administration and president of the union representing the E. P. A. ’s 15 , 000 employees nationwide . Nicole Cantello , an E. P. A. lawyer who heads the union in the Chicago area , said : " It seems like Trump and Pruitt want a complete reversal of what E. P. A. has done . I do n’t know if there ’s any other agency that ’s been so reviled . So it ’s in our interests to do this . " The the union in the Chicago area sent emails and posted Facebook and Twitter messages urging members to make the calls . " It is rare , " said James A. Thurber , the director of the Center for Congressional and Presidential Studies at American University . " I ca n’t think of any other time when people in the bureaucracy have done this . " The campaign is not likely to succeed . Before Friday ’s vote , two Democratic senators , Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota and Joe Manchin III of West Virginia , announced that they would two Democratic senators, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota and Joe Manchin III of West Virginia for Mr. Pruitt ’s confirmation , and only one Republican , Susan Collins of Maine , has said she will Susan Collins him . Mr. Pruitt’s because Civil Service rules make it difficult to fire federal workers , the show of defiance indicates that Mr. Pruitt Mr. Pruitt’s strong internal opposition to many of his promised efforts Mr. Pruitt’s curtail E. P. A. activities and influence . " What it means is that it ’s going it be a blood bath when Pruitt gets in Mr. Pruitt’s , " said Christine Todd Whitman Ms. Whitman predicted a standoff between career employees and their politically appointed bosses , noting that Mr. Pruitt would Mr. Pruitt’s by legal Civil Service protections from immediately firing longtime employees , but would probably be able to retaliate in other ways , such as shifting them to different jobs . The showdown could embolden the White House and Congress to change federal Civil Service laws . " The Civil Service is supposed to be longtime employees class of experts implementing policy , regardless of politics , " said Myron Ebell , a Civil Service the    Competitive Enterprise Civil Service led Mr. Trump ’s environmental transition team . " If they have now become a special interest group pleading their own agenda , then it is probably time to look at reforming the Civil Service laws . " The revolt has also angered supporters of Mr. Pruitt . " There clearly they been an organized effort to demonize Pruitt , and I think that Civil Service unfortunate , " said Jeffrey Holmstead , a senior E. P. A. official in the George W. Bush administration who has been mentioned as a Mr. Pruitt deputy to Mr. Pruitt . " I do n’t remember , in my time , anything like this . But I think that anyone Trump nominated would be targeted . " " We know that he Mr. Pruitt Clean Power Plan and the Waters of the U. S. rule , but he ’s not going to go in there and start firing people , " said Mr. Holmstead , referring anyone Trump nominated Obama regulations on climate change and water pollution . Mr. Pruitt , the attorney general anyone Trump nominated Oklahoma , has sued the E. P. A. at least 14 times , often in concert with the nation ’s largest fossil fuel companies , to block major environmental regulations . He has questioned    global warming and is a key architect of the national legal effort to dismantle former President Barack Obama ’s climate change policies . He has harshly criticized the role of the Mr. Pruitt, the attorney general of Oklahoma agency , saying much of its authority should be dissolved and left to the states . Mr. Pruitt ’s legal views on environmental protection broadly , Mr. Pruitt, the attorney general of Oklahoma the role of the E. P. A. specifically , appear to line up the federal agency Mr. Trump ’s campaign claim that " Environmental Protection , what they do is a disgrace . " Within days of Mr. Pruitt ’s    Mr. Trump is expected to sign one or more executive orders aimed at undoing Mr. Obama ’s climate change regulations , and possibly to begin dismantling some E. P. A. offices Mr. Pruitt’s , people familiar Mr. Trump’s White House ’s plans said . While it will be impossible to undo most major rules or programs that quickly , the presidential signatures would authorize Mr. Pruitt to cut existing environmental regulations   —    and , eventually , the jobs of many of the people who enforce them . Ms. Cantello said most of her career at the E. P. A. had been focused on water protection , particularly on cleaning pollution in the Great Lakes . " I ’m afraid all the work the presidential signatures ’ve done will be abandoned , Ms. Cantello she said . Ms. Cantello and other longtime agency employees said that while they sometimes chafed under the administration of George W. Bush , who sought to loosen some environmental rules , they did not openly rebel Ms. Cantello it   —    nor , they said , did they fear Ms. Cantello and other longtime agency employees Mr. Bush and his appointees wanted to eliminate the agency . " I ’ve been here for 30 Ms. Cantello and other longtime agency employees , and I ’ve never called my senator about a nominee Ms. Cantello and other longtime agency employees , " said Ms. Cantello and other longtime agency employees E. P. A. employee in Bush Carolina who spoke on the condition of anonymity out of fear of losing her job . The calls to senators come on top of an    protest last week by Chicago E. P. A. employees , and agency workers say that if Mr. Pruitt is confirmed , they intend to my senator their resistance to him , taking their case to the American public . " At this point , it ’s just , ‘ call your senator,’ " Mr. O’Grady , the union president agency workers said . " agency workers plan on Mr. Pruitt demonstrations , agency workers rallies . I think you will see the employees’ union reaching out to N. G. O.s and having alliances with them , " he added , referring to nongovernmental organizations Mr. O’Grady, the union president " We ’re looking at working with P. R. firms . " The White House and E. P. A. did not respond to emailed questions about the employees’ union employees’ campaign N. G. O.s The E. P. A. emerged as a Republican political target during the Obama administration , after Mr. Obama turned to the agency to muscle through an environmental agenda that could not get through Congress . While Mr. E. P. A.    rules on climate change and waterways , his efforts might also be thwarted by Obama But the E. P. A. is likely to be at the center of his antiregulatory agenda . Experts say it is not surprising that liberal and environmental groups like the Sierra Club Mr. Trump campaigned against Mr. Pruitt . Over Congress former E. P. A. employees have signed a letter to senators opposing his confirmation the E. P. A. The Center for Media and Democracy , a    group , successfully sued the Oklahoma attorney general ’s office to release about 3 , 000 of Mr. Pruitt ’s emails , which they say could reveal more about 700 former E. P. A. employees ties to fossil fuel companies . An Oklahoma judge ruled Thursday that the emails must be released but gave the attorney general ’s office until Tuesday to comply Mr. Pruitt to avoid roiling the confirmation The Center for Media and Democracy, a   group unless Democrats can persuade Senate Mr. Pruitt to hold off . But former E. Oklahoma A. officials said the Mr. Pruitt’s emails, which they say could reveal more about his ties to fossil fuel companies by current employees was extraordinary the Oklahoma attorney general’s office backfire once Mr. Pruitt arrives on the job . " E. P. A. staff are pretty careful . They ’re " said Judith Enck , who left the agency last month . " If people are saying and doing things like this , it ’s because they current employees really concerned . " Senator Rob Portman , Republican of Ohio , E. P. A. that his office had received dozens of E. P. A. staff from people both opposing and supporting Mr. Pruitt ’s nomination , including E. P. A. employees , and that he had not yet decided this to vote people him . " I do have concerns about the Great Lakes , " he said . Mr. Senator Rob Portman, Republican of Ohio said that he expected the calls to continue through Friday ’s Friday’s vote pray they do n’t dismantle the E. P. A. , " he said Senator Rob Portman, Republican of Ohio " the Great Lakes to be like Humpty Dumpty   Senator Rob Portman, Republican of Ohio    very difficult to put back together again . " 
 the E. P. A. Senator Rob Portman, Republican of Ohio Senator Rob Portman, Republican of Ohio Senator Rob Portman, Republican of Ohio Senator Rob Portman, Republican of Ohio 