President Donald Trump appeared to muscle past   —    or shove   —    Montenegro Prime Minister Duško Markovic at a public appearance during the NATO summit in Brussels on Thursday . [ A closer view suggested that Montenegro Prime Minister Duško Markovic at a public appearance during the NATO summit in Brussels on Thursday might have been pushing President Donald Trump to the front at the same time .   However , the Internet had pronounced the Internet verdict .   As with almost everything having to do with President Donald Trump , liberal observers were aghast , seeing President Donald Trump ’s move as similar to the alleged " body slam " of a journalist by a Republican congressional candidate in Montana the day before . Conservatives , however , generally applauded President Donald Trump ’s " America first " gesture . Trump’s move as similar to the alleged "body slam" of a journalist by a Republican congressional candidate in Montana the day before appeared to jibe with President Donald Trump speech earlier in the day at an unveiling of a memorial to the victims of the    attacks in 2001 . Trump President Donald Trump ( as prepared for delivery ) :    …     I have been very , very direct with Secretary Stoltenberg and members of the Alliance in saying that NATO members must finally contribute their fair NATO members and meet their financial NATO members , for 23 of the 28 member nations are still not paying what they should NATO members paying and what they ’re NATO members to be paying for their defense NATO members This is not fair to the people and taxpayers of the United States . And many of these nations the 28 member nations amounts of money from past years and not paying in those past years . Over the last eight years , the United States the United States defense than all other NATO countries combined .   If all NATO members had spent just NATO percent of their GDP on defense last all NATO members , we would have had another the United States 119 billion for our collective defense and for the United States financing of additional NATO reserves . We should NATO that with these chronic underpayments and growing threats , even 2 percent of GDP is insufficient to close the gaps in modernizing , readiness , and the size of forces .   We have to make up NATO the many years lost . Montenegro is the newest member of NATO , after President Trump NATO its acceptance into the organization Montenegro this year NATO move was seen as a challenge to Russia   —    which did not temper Democrat and media speculation about possible collusion between the Russian government and the Trump campaign in 2016 . Joel President Trump Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the Joel B. Pollak most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of How Joel B. Pollak Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . The Inside Story of a Revolution 