After kicking off the New Year by warning that there were only three weeks remaining to stop    Donald Trump from taking office , Rosie O’Donnell has proposed a tactic to do just that   —    by imposing martial law to delay   Donald Trump inauguration . [ The     comedian took to Twitter Wednesday night to call for the suspension of regular presidential succession rules until such time as Trump   Donald Trump be " cleared " of all the " charges " against him   Donald Trump O’Donnell Rosie O’Donnell n’t specify to which charges she Rosie O’Donnell referring .   I FULLY SUPPORT IMPOSING MARTIAL LAW   —    DELAYING THE INAUGURATION   —    UNTIL TRUMP   Donald Trump " CLEARED " OF ALL CHARGES https :   .    —    ROSIE ( @Rosie ) January 12 , 2017 ,   In a       , O’Donnell Rosie O’Donnell Trump   Donald Trump " cheated , " and that marital law could be used to delay the inauguration until the    could be fully investigated . @MzMercedesM   —    he cheated   —    and its    about hillary   —    its    delaying the swearing him   Donald Trump   —    til we investigate all charges ,   —    ROSIE ( @Rosie ) January 12 , 2017 ,   O’Donnell   —    who has feuded publicly with Trump for nearly the last decade   —    was one of the Republican billionaire ’s most vocal celebrity antagonists during the presidential campaign . In May , the actress predicted Trump Trump never be president , and has previously called him Trump the worst representation of what the United States is or could be " and an " orange piece of sh*t . " Shortly after Trump Trump election victory , O’Donnell helped circulate a video on social media that questioned whether Trump Trump son , Barron Trump , is autistic . After first defending the video , O’Donnell later O’Donnell to Melania Trump Trump’s     attorney for the future First Lady said in a letter that the video a video on social media that questioned whether Trump’s    son, Barron Trump, is autistic her son to be First Lady . O’Donnell ’s O’Donnell of martial law to delay the inauguration marks the latest ( and perhaps last ) celebrity attempt to derail Trump ’s Trump Inauguration Day on January 20 . In December , a group of celebrities including Martin Sheen , Debra Messing , Richard Schiff and Bob Odenkirk joined a    effort to convince presidential Electors to disregard their respective state ’s voters’ presidential Electors and vote against Trump . Former Trump presidential candidate Hillary Clinton ultimately lost more pledged electors despite the effort .    Follow a   effort to convince presidential Electors to disregard their respective state’s voters’ wishes and vote against Trump on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 