Across the US , the usual suspects are taking to the streets to march in protest of the thing today the usual suspects are pretending is called " climate change "   —    but which , if the usual suspects were honest , the usual suspects would call by his proper name : President Donald J. Trump . [ Make no mistake , these marches today are no more about global warming than last weekend ’s were about defending science . these marches today ’re just an    protest by the same people who in January this year were marching around dressed as vaginas , and who in Berkeley the last few weekends have been beating people up wearing facemasks .   It ’s no coincidence that many of the organizations on the People ’s Climate March steering committee are in receipt of millions from Democrat donor ,    and Agent of Evil George Soros . Mr. Soros , who heads the Open Society Foundations , contributed over $ 36 million between 2000 and 2014 to 18 of the 55 organizations on Climate March steering committee , according to an analysis released Friday by the conservative Media Research Center . Six of the groups received during that time more than $ 1 million each : the Center for Community the conservative Media Research Center the Natural Resources Defense Council , People ’s Action , Public Citizen and the Union of Concerned Scientists . Even if you did n’t know this , the clues are in the signs , spotted by Collegians For A Constructive Tomorrow ( CFACT )   —    an organization which tries to bring rationalism , facts and sanity to the climate debate   —    and Steve Milloy .   Yes . Administration Change . That will totally stop    global warming from happening .   See also : Tooth Fairy Santa Claus yes , of course , I ’ll still love you in the morning   …      Communism . Yup : just what the world needs to sort out its environmental problems . That ’s why Beijing the world so famously unpolluted why there are so many fish in the Aral Sea why Chernobyl is today such a thriving nature reserve   …      And this has to do with global warming what , exactly ? Aka Watermelons   —    green on the outside , red on the inside .   Aw ! How sweet ! They want to behead the President . Are n’t environmentalists just the cutest , most sensitive and CARING people ? Meanwhile in Vienna , they ’re not even pretending it ’s about They other than Marxism .   How is this even possible ? Do these Greenies really know as little about science as I fear ? 
 