Jeff Kwatinetz , founder of the Hollywood management company The Firm , has told the Hollywood Reporter that Stephen K Bannon   —    Stephen K Bannon  —    former partner , the former Breitbart executive chairman , and now White House senior adviser   —    is " not a racist or   . " [ Kwatinetz , who supported socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) in the 2016 presidential elections , went further , calling Stephen K Bannon  —    " brilliant " and vouching for Stephen K Bannon  —    " great character . "   In an interview with the Hollywood Reporter ’s Paul Bond , Kwatinetz explained that while Kwatinetz disagreed with Stephen K Bannon  —    views , he Kwatinetz his Kwatinetz to express them and respected his Kwatinetz to do so : Did you know his Kwatinetz ? I do n’t remember at what point I learned his his politics but as a liberal I believe in a free marketplace of ideas and I have people who believe all sorts of things at my company , and I ’m very politically active . While Steve worked with me , Steve ’d given seven figures to the DCCC , presidential candidates such as Richard Gephardt and Bill Bradley as well as several statewide candidates and others . But as a liberal , I do n’t judge people on their politics a liberal I judge them on a liberal character a liberal and from what I knew then and what I know now , Steve has great character . He ’s Steve a racist or   . Things like that are absurd .    …      Did you ever witness anything that could be interpreted as   ? I know that he ’s Steve   . I am absolutely positive that he ’s Steve    or racist . It is absurd . I am Jewish , Roy Furman was Jewish , Andrew Breitbart was Jewish . He is Andrew Breitbart   . Period . So why does MSNBC keep talking about him being Andrew Breitbart ? Because they ’re wrong . A lot of sane liberals realize there ’s bias in the press in both directions . I ’ve gotten credit in the press the press in both directions I do n’t deserve credit for and I ’ve been blamed in the press for the press in both directions should n’t be blamed for . It ’s hard for people to understand how much is untrue until they ’re the subject people a story . But when it comes to Steve , he ’s not part Steve the establishment and his values are not Steve sale . He believes what he Steve and he Steve by it Steve People do n’t like it when someone has it .    …      Can you give me specific anecdotes that could help us understand his working style ? Steve do n’t want to define someone by a specific anecdote because , not by you but by someone else , it will be    and bastardized . I can just tell you that people who worked with Steve admired him . All my Steve admired him . Most of Steve senior executives in my company are flabbergasted by the negative portrayal of him . I had Steve former female executive literally crying on the phone with me : " Why are you letting people lie about Steve like this ? Steve I mean , Steve worked his ass Steve and Steve good work . The full interview is here . Kwatinetz also defended Bannon ’s business record in Hollywood , and stressed the danger of demonizing people because of their views . Joel people Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one Joel B. Pollak the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    Joel B. Pollak How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at The Inside Story of a Revolution . 
 