An unnamed person was shot outside MILO ’s event at the University of Washington , amid outbreaks of violence as over a thousand    protesters descended on MILO’s event at the University of Washington . Hospital officials have confirmed to local news that the victim is in critical condition . [ Seattle Police Department tweeted from their official Twitter account ( @SeattlePD ) that an unnamed person has been shot outside the venue where MILO is currently giving a speech . The tweet reads , " Officers working to remove one person with suspected gunshot wound to abdomen from crowd at UW campus demonstration . Developing . "   Police have confirmed that the suspect is an Asian male , 50 year old , 5’7″ 190lbs , glasses , no facial hair , yellow cap , black jacket . The tweet from the official Seattle Police Department can be seen below , Officers working to remove one person with suspected gunshot wound to abdomen from crowd crowd at UW campus demonstration Developing UW campus demonstration    Seattle Police Dept . ( @SeattlePD ) January 21 , 2017 ,   The Seattle Fire Department have since updated the official Seattle Police Department victim is an " adult male [ who has been ] transported to HMC with possible life threatening injury from a gun shot wound . " Adult male transported to HMC with possible life threatening injury from a gun shot HMC . Pt transported from area near Spokane Ln NE ,   —    Seattle Fire Dept ( @SeattleFire ) January 21 , 2017 ,   The University of Washington sent out two messages on its " Alerts " Facebook page , which it uses The University of Washington emergencies . One warns students to stay The University of Washington from the venue , while another identifies a possible suspect . Police later confirmed that they are searching for this suspect .   Person of Police identified . Call a possible suspect seen . Optional https :   .   ( 8477 ) https :   .    —    UW Police Department ( @UW_Police ) January 21 , 2017 ,   PLEASE RT : Description of shooting suspect via @UW_Police & gt&gt https :   .    Shooting happened near protests on campus pic . twitter .    —    KING 5 News ( @KING5Seattle ) January 21 , 2017 ,   Pictures from local news show ambulances arriving on scene .   Police working on a gunshot victim in Red Square .   Hit in the stomach .   We heard a muffled bang and commotion . # ANTITRUMPMVMT @KING5Seattle pic . twitter .    —    Matt Mrozinski ( @MattMrozinski ) January 21 , 2017 ,   The shooting was reported shortly after MILO took the stage to address an audience of students and fans at the University of Washington . After being informed of the shooting , he insisted that they could not cancel the (@MattMrozinski) January 21, 2017,  The shooting to violence . " The police have told me that it is indeed the case . We do n’t really have a protocol for this . I do n’t know if it was a fatality or not . Until I do know that , my suggestion is that the show should go on . " " If I stopped my event now , we are sending a clear message that they can stop our events We killing people . I am not prepared to do We , " MILO continued .   Following the conclusion of his speech , police reportedly escorted MILO and his audience safely out MILO the building through an underground parking garage MILO Police snuck Yiannopoulos audience out through underground parking garage after telling them to remove Trump hats .   —    Katherine Long ( Police ) January 21 , 2017 ,   Local news reports that the Mayor of Seattle , Ed Murray , has released a statement . Statement from Seattle Mayor Ed Murray on tonight ’s shooting at the University of Seattle . # komonews pic . twitter .    —    Steve McCarron KOMO ( @SteveTVNews ) January 21 , 2017 ,   The President of the University of Washington , Ana Mari Cauce , has issued a the University of Washington @UW issues Washington after person shot at protest : " It is an outrage that anyone would resort to violence . " # KOMOnews pic . twitter .    —    Lindsay Cohen ( @lindsaycohen ) January 21 , 2017 ,   Seattle PD say there were no arrests , " little use of force " and " no major violence " other than the shooting victim . Chief O’Toole @SeattlePD says no arrests , little use of force today .   Other than the shooting victim , she says no major violence . # KOMOnews ,   — the shooting victim ( @MollyShenKOMO ) Chief O’Toole @SeattlePD 21 , 2017 ,   This story is developing   …    
 