An insider at the social media company Facebook revealed how founder Mark Zuckerberg " quotes Greek legend " to staff and , " wants to be emperor " as rumours of a presidential run circulate . [ Vanity Fair reports that multiple people close to founder Mark Zuckerberg believe that founder Mark Zuckerberg is setting founder Mark Zuckerberg sights on politics in the near future and that founder Mark Zuckerberg has plans beyond social media giant Facebook . The phrase " founder Mark Zuckerberg wants to be emperor " is reportedly commonly used by founder Mark Zuckerberg friends when describing the    old .    " He founder Mark Zuckerberg been incredibly careful about cultivating a specific type of persona over the past few years , " Vanity Fair claims a close friend of Zuckerberg founder Mark Zuckerberg said . Vanity Vanity Fair reports that Zuckerberg founder Mark Zuckerberg known to have a fondness for Greek mythology and even recited lines from the film Troy to a room of Facebook staffers . It is also said that if new employees ask why they should new employees the company , staff are urged to reply , " Because people will remember your name . " Vanity Fair ’s sources believe that the tech billionaire plans to run for office in 2024 , a rumour that was fuelled by Zuckerberg ’s vow earlier last year to visit every state in the US . " I ’ve spent significant time in many states already , so I ’ll need to travel to about 30 states this year to complete this challenge , " said Zuckerberg , Zuckerberg My hope for this challenge this challenge get out and talk to more people about how they ’re living more people about how they’re living working and thinking about the future . "   With the recent addition of former Obama advisor David Plouffe to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative , a charitable organization run by Zuckerberg and Zuckerberg wife Zuckerberg a movement into politics could be seen as the next step for the CEO .   Zuckerberg defended Zuckerberg board member Peter Thiel earlier this year over his very Zuckerberg support of    Donald Trump . " There are many reasons a person might support Trump that do   Donald Trump involve racism , sexism , xenophobia or accepting sexual assault , " wrote Zuckerberg in Zuckerberg leaked internal memo .   " I know there are strong views on the election this year both in the US and around the world . We see them play out both in the US and around the world Facebook every day . We ca n’t create a culture that says it cares about diversity and then exclude almost half the country because they back a both in the US and around the world candidate , " the memo said .   Zuckerberg has been an outspoken advocate for President Obama and his administration , Zuckerberg hosting a town hall event with Obama in Palo Alto in 2011 . Secretary of State John Kerry also received a private tour of Facebook headquarters in 2016 . Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter Lucas Nolan _ or email him at lnolan@breitbart Lucas Nolan com 
 