A couple of weeks ago , people boycotted Nordstrom for one reason : The department store sold Ivanka Trump products . Now people are boycotting Nordstrom for another reason : The department store said it The department store not sell her Ivanka Trump products These days , a shirt is not always just a shirt , and a store is not always just a store . Handbags , dresses and other ordinary items   —    and where they are bought   —    have become politicized , turning shopping decisions into acts of protest for the millions of people in    and    Trump camps . Under Armour , L. L. Bean , T. J. Maxx and many other companies have already been pulled into a sort of ideological tug of war . But perhaps no retailer has been in the hot seat like Nordstrom . The " boycott Nordstrom " movement instantly changed political direction after the department store scrubbed Ms. Trump ’s name from its site The "boycott Nordstrom" movement week . Thousands of people lashed out at the retailer no retailer Even President Trump himself posted on Twitter that his daughter had Even President treated " unfairly . " The sharp reaction before and after Nordstrom ’s decision   —    made quietly , with no announcement   —    highlights the tightrope companies must walk in this    environment . " Companies are nervous , " said Andrew Gilman , chief executive of the crisis communications firm CommCore Consulting Group . " I know several companies that have war rooms set up . " " They have playbooks several companies that have war rooms set up what to do if there is a product recall or if the C. E. O. has a heart attack , " he added . the C. E. O. Now they have a several companies that have war rooms set up chapter on how to deal with a tweet from the president . " Many retailers and brands would clearly prefer to fly below the political radar and stay away from the outrage on Twitter and Facebook . Calls or emails sent to a    of the country ’s largest department stores about how they are handling the country’s largest department stores Trump ’s products , for example , resulted in either no comment or carefully neutral statements . None of the stores agreed the country’s largest department stores how they made decisions around None of the stores Trump ’s merchandise Ms. Trump’s about sales of the products . But many of these companies   —    like L. L. Bean and Macy ’s   —    still find themselves in the eye of L. L. Bean and Macy’s   social media storm . So , too , does the Ivanka Trump brand . " In recent days , we ’ve seen our brand swept into the we , becoming collateral damage in others’ efforts to advance agendas unrelated to what we do , which is produce accessible ,    products for our loyal customers , " the we said in a statement the Ivanka Trump brand    maker Under Armour also encountered the perils this week , when its chief executive , Kevin Plank , Mr. Plank asset " for the country . Within hours , the hashtag # boycottunderarmour emerged on social media . Under Armour moved quickly to contain the damage , clarifying Mr. Plank ’s remarks by saying he supported Mr. Trump ’s business policies , not his social viewpoints Mr. Plank It Mr. Trump much the boycotts and Mr. Plank are shaping businesses’ financial results , especially at big department stores , which are battling weak sales across the board . The Ivanka Trump brand said it had experienced "   growth " in revenue last year , and planned The Ivanka Trump brand continue expanding its offerings and distribution in 2017 . Consumer companies , more broadly , have The Ivanka Trump brand faced campaigns against their products for political , social or environmental reasons . There have been boycotts Consumer companies, more broadly the use of sweatshop labor , dangerous chemicals and even microbeads . But now , companies are dealing with even more intense pressure , as they have become targets in a politically charged environment fueled by social media . companies Nordstrom pulled Ms. Trump ’s products , many people opposed to Mr. Trump cheered the decision . But Josh Cornett , a     Trump supporter Ms. Trump’s , was quick to tell his 25 , 000 followers not Ms. Trump’s shop at the department store . " All Ms. Trump’s have to do is write out a sentence Nordstrom ’re done , " he said . " Anything that helps him , I try to promote , " Ms. Trump’s said , referring to Mr. Trump Ms. Trump’s " And anyone who attacks him , Ms. Trump’s try to defend . Ms. Trump’s said that Ms. Trump ’s products were Ms. Trump’s not selling well , and that remaining inventory would still Ms. Trump’s some physical stores . But that has not stopped people like Mr. Cornett from viewing the decision through a political lens , and asserting that the company took a stand . " Companies are now being swept up into this political consumer activism in a way that they have not been in the past , " said Maurice Schweitzer , a professor of operations , information and Companies at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania . Nordstrom is one of more than a dozen other retailers that have found themselves in the cross hairs of Grab the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania Wallet , an online campaign to boycott companies associated with the Trump the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania . The movement has also protested brands that donated to Mr. Trump ’s campaign or advertised on " The New Celebrity Apprentice , " on which he is credited as Trump . Some major companies , including Macy ’s , the country ’s largest department store Trump still sell Ms. Trump ’s shoes , handbags and clothes . Those companies remain on Grab Your Wallet ’s list . Macy ’s did not respond to multiple requests for comment . But Some major companies, including Macy’s, the country’s largest department store that are on the    list argue they have not picked a side and should not be there . For instance , in the days before his inauguration , Mr. many companies that are on the   list tweeted his thanks for the support of an L. L. Bean heir and encouraged consumers to buy products from the merchandiser . Soon , Mr. Trump company , based in Maine , was the focus of the Grab Your Wallet campaign . In a statement also posted on social media and elsewhere , L. L. Bean urged the campaign to reverse its position , explaining that the Trump supporter , Linda Bean , was one of L. L. Bean family members involved in the business . L. L. Bean added that L. Mr. Trump Bean did not endorse political candidates or take positions on political matters . " Simply put , " the statement the Trump supporter, Linda Bean, was one of more than 50 family members involved in the business , " L. L. Bean of politics . " Still , other business leaders appear eager to dash into the political fray . After Mr. Trump signed an executive order in late January that suspended the country ’s refugee program and barred individuals from certain countries from Mr. Trump United States , Howard Schultz , the chief executive of Starbucks , announced plans to hire 10 , 000 refugees over the next five years . Like with Nordstrom , the response was largely split down the political divide . " There ’s a real difference in styles emerging here . L. L. Bean wants to stay low , saying , ‘ We ’re not political . We do n’t want to pick sides,’ " said Professor Schweitzer , of the Wharton School . " But Howard Schultz is positioning Starbucks as a more    We , " Professor Schweitzer continued . " He Professor Schweitzer and most of the customers in taking Starbucks stance . " 
 Professor Schweitzer 