Just when you think we have learned most of what there is to learn about Hillary Clinton ’s emails , a new mole pops up out of the hole . [ Last week , Judicial Watch released State Department documents including a declaration from FBI Special Agent E. W. Priestap , the supervisor of the agency ’s investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email activities , stating that the former secretary of state was the subject of a grand jury investigation related to her BlackBerry the former secretary of state accounts .   The declaration a declaration from FBI Special Agent E. W. Priestap, the supervisor of the agency in response to Judicial Watch ’s lawsuit seeking to force Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to take steps to " recover emails of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton " and other U. S. Department of State employees ( Judicial Watch , Inc. v. Rex Tillerson ( No . 1 :   ) ) . We originally filed the agency lawsuit against Judicial Watch’s lawsuit seeking to force Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to take steps to "recover emails of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton" and other U. S. Department of State employees (Judicial Watch, Inc. v. Rex Tillerson State John Kerry . The Trump State Department filing includes details of the agency ’s continuing and shameful refusal to refer the Clinton email issue to the Justice Department , as the law requires . In the filing , Priestap The Trump State Department filing penalty of perjury that the FBI " obtained Grand Jury subpoenas related to the Blackberry    accounts , which produced no responsive materials , as the requested data was outside the retention time utilized by those providers . " On April 30 , 2015 , Judicial Watch sued Kerry after the State Department failed to take action on a letter sent to Kerry " notifying him of Kerry unlawful removal Kerry the Clinton emails and requesting that he initiate enforcement action pursuant Kerry the [ Federal Records Act ] , " including working through the attorney general to recover the emails . After initially the Clinton emails by the district court , Judicial Watch ’s lawsuit was Judicial Watch by a decision of the U. S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit on December 27 , 2016 . While at the State Department , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton conducted official government business using an unsecured email server and email accounts . Her top aides and advisers also used   former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton state . gov " email accounts to conduct official business . Clinton left office February 1 , 2013 . former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton FBI convened a grand jury to investigate Hillary Clinton in 2016 . Why is this former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton released only now ? It is disturbing that the State Department , Justice this information , and FBI are still trying to protect Hillary Clinton . The FBI Trump needs to clean house former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton these agencies . 
 