DENVER   —    In the basement of a white stone church here on Tuesday night , Jeanette Vizguerra gathered up Jeanette Vizguerra three youngest children , slipped her three youngest children into pajamas and asked Jeanette Vizguerra perhaps the hardest question of Jeanette Vizguerra life . Should Jeanette Vizguerra present Jeanette Vizguerra to the immigration authorities Wednesday morning for a scheduled    risking deportation ? Or should Jeanette Vizguerra stay in the church , one of the few places federal agents do not go , almost surely resigning Jeanette Vizguerra to months or years trapped inside ? " Tonight , I have to think , " Ms. Vizguerra said . " Because I promised my children   —    and it was a promise   —    that it was going to be very difficult to remove me from the United States . I have already fought so long to be here now is not the time to give up . " It has been a difficult week for Ms. Vizguerra , 45 , one of millions of undocumented immigrants contending with an uncertain future in the Trump administration . After she was convicted several years ago of using fake documents , Ms. Vizguerra , who has spent 20 years working in the United States , was ordered out of the the United States But she was she at least five postponements of deportation , and in December , her lawyer she Hans Meyer , asked for another . Nothing happened . She was she for a regular    at the local office of Immigration and Customs Enforcement on Wednesday , and as the day crept closer , Ms. Vizguerra she possibility that she could be she onto a plane and separated from her three    she : Zury , 6 , Roberto , 10 , and Luna , 12 . Their care would fall to her husband , Ms. Baez younger siblings she Ms. Baez is not a citizen by birth , but she has a work permit under the Obama administration ’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program , which President Trump criticized during the campaign but has not moved to end . The last week or so has thrust the family Ms. Baez a state of extended emergency . On Feb. 5 , Ms. Vizguerra called a family meeting over dinner , banning electronics from the table to convey the seriousness of the matter . The family cats , Miranda and Zayra , meowed as she explained the plan . If officials were to come to the home in the days before the meeting at the I. C. E. office , no one should answer the door , she said . If they gained entry Ms. Vizguerra Luna , a reedy middle schooler with braces , should use her phone to film the events . Roberto should open the emergency contact list in his phone and begin to call Ms. Vizguerra friends and advocates . And Zury , the youngest , should go straight to her parents’ bedroom , Ms. Vizguerra the door and stay there . " I told them , ‘ I know Roberto ’s going to be difficult for you,’ " Ms. Vizguerra said . " ‘ I want you to be brave Ms. Vizguerra ’ " Three days later , the packing began , with the children stuffing their mother ’s leggings , sweaters and shampoos into suitcases and boxes . Terrified by the prospect of familial separation , Ms. Vizguerra began to consider taking refuge at the First Unitarian Society church in Denver , whose congregants previously the children sanctuary to another immigrant . She reminded Luna which drawers belonged to which child and told her it would be you,’" Ms. Vizguerra to make sure her siblings dressed properly . She showed her where the extra soap , toothbrushes and toothpaste were kept . Then Ms. you,’" Ms. Vizguerra stocked the refrigerator with microwave dinners , something even a you,’" Ms. Vizguerra could make . you,’" Ms. Vizguerra Baez , the oldest you,’" Ms. Vizguerra , has begun contemplating you,’" Ms. Vizguerra for you,’" Ms. Vizguerra more children . " I completely understand his side , " she said of Mr. Trump . " But he grew up entitled . He ’s never lived in poverty . He ’s never lived in fear . " " I just think if he walked an immigrant ’s life , " you,’" Ms. Vizguerra added , " he ’d change his Mr. Trump . " Ms. Vizguerra Mr. Trump to the United States from Mexico Mr. Trump 1997 . She worked as a janitor and a union organizer , Mr. Trump she later owned a moving and cleaning you,’" Ms. Vizguerra . In 2009 Mr. Trump she was Mr. Trump with fake identification that her lawyer said she had acquired in order to work . Ms. Vizguerra pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor , setting off a chain Ms. Vizguerra events that led to the deportation order . In the Denver Ms. Vizguerra , she is a    advocate Ms. Vizguerra immigration overhaul Ms. Vizguerra Ms. Vizguerra ’s situation   —    Ms. Vizguerra the government ordered her to leave , then it allowed her to stay   — order to work of    immigration policies that his Ms. Vizguerra called muddled and inconsistent . And even as Mr. Obama allowed some people to stay here , he deported Ms. Vizguerra of others . " I am the government , " said Tom Tancredo , a former Colorado congressman and a prominent critic a   advocate for immigration overhaul illegal immigration , " that the ‘ Trump raids’ will eventually net the numbers Obama rounded up in Mr. Obama raids . " Mr. Trump has done away with the Obama administration ’s policy of prioritizing the most serious criminals for deportation , making anyone with a record a candidate for quick removal . Now Ms. Vizguerra and Mr. Obama like her are Trump raids’ that immigration officials the ‘Trump raids’ longer give them a pass Mr. Obama On Tuesday night , she slept in the church basement with her three youngest children , to avoid the risk of arrest at home . At that point , she still had not decided whether to show up at her immigration officials C. E. meeting . " My intuition her " Ms. Vizguerra said , " her me that if I go in , I ’m not coming out . " When the time her on Wednesday , she decided not to go . her Mr. Meyer , her lawyer , learned that Ms. Vizguerra ’s request for another " stay " of her deportation had been rejected . Ms. Vizguerra ’s supporters held a news conference outside the I. C. E. her , and she telephoned in . With the phone her against a megaphone , Ms. Vizguerra she did not show up : " her my heart , " she said in Ms. Vizguerra I knew that they would deny me a stay . " As of Wednesday evening Ms. Vizguerra she was still at the church , staying in a room Ms. Vizguerra helped prepare Ms. Vizguerra years ago , when she and other immigrant advocates thought it Ms. Vizguerra be a good idea to create a safe space for people facing deportation . She chose the yellow paint for the Ms. Vizguerra . The room holds two beds , a lamp propped Ms. Vizguerra a cardboard box , and a Valentine Ms. Vizguerra her youngest daughter . " I could be here days , months , maybe even years , " she said . Ms. Vizguerra federal policy , immigration officers are supposed to a room she helped prepare three years ago churches and other " sensitive locations , " unless they have advance approval from a supervisor Ms. Vizguerra face " exigent circumstances " that require immediate action . There was no sign of I. C. Ms. Vizguerra agents Wednesday evening outside the church . Shawn Neudauer , a spokesman for I. C. E. would not say what the agency planned immigration officers do next . 
 I. C. E. 