Community organizers from a    group stormed the lobby of the Heritage Foundation on Tuesday in Washington , DC . holding up signs and middle fingers in protest over the budget blueprint the conservative think tank shared with President Donald Trump . [ About 100 people affiliated with The People ’s Lobby , a radical    group with a manifesto that calls Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton " mainstream Democrats , " filled The People’s Lobby, a radical   group with a manifesto that calls Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton "mainstream Democrats briefly before being ushered back outside where About 100 people affiliated with The People’s Lobby, a radical   group with a manifesto that calls Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton "mainstream Democrats stayed for about an hour .   Protesters claim the Heritage ’s budget plan favors corporations over people and the planet , which are both threatened by climate change , they Protesters . WE’LL BE BACK . We will shut down the      agenda of @Heritage   @realDonaldTrump   win a # Budget4ThePeople ! # RiseUp2017 pic . twitter .    —    The People ’s Lobby ( @peopleslobbyusa ) April 25 , 2017 ,   Look at that PEOPLE POWER ! We We 1 million members across 29 states in over 60 @PplsAction affiliates and WE WILL WIN . # RiseUp2017 pic . twitter .    —    The The People’s Lobby (@peopleslobbyusa 25 , 2017 ,   We We took over the Heritage Foundation ’s office , billionaire funded right wing think tank responsible for Trump ’s budget # RiseUp2017 pic . twitter .    —    Carlos Rosa 🌹 ( @CDRosa ) April 25 , 2017 ,   But Wesley Denton , group vice president of communications at Heritage , said it ’s ironic that the budget blueprint Wesley Denton, group vice president of communications at Heritage to " end corporate welfare " and stop wasteful spending of taxpayer money in the federal budget . " These kinds Trump’s budget #RiseUp2017 pic are nothing new from the radical progressive left , but it wo n’t deter Heritage or our hundreds of nothing new of members across America from fighting for a balanced budget that improves the lives of all Americans , " Denton told Breitbart News . " If the protestors truly opposed the    they would support Heritage ’s Blueprint for Balance which the protestors for an end to corporate welfare and ending wasteful Washington spending on failed programs . " The Heritage 2018 budget blueprint is summarized in the report : The People ’s Lobby website reveals a much different vision for this country ’s future : The People ’s Lobby is a      organization devoted The People’s Lobby for public policies and candidates   —    including people from our communities   —    that put the needs of people and the planet before the interests of big corporations and the very rich . We train leaders to build bases in our communities , organize elected officials and other powerful people to put We interests of people and the planet first . The People ’s Lobby ’s Center for Progressive the planet Research ’s lengthy manifesto says , in part : " There is a silent progressive majority to the left of both the Tea Party and mainstream Democrats like Clinton and Obama , and it is ready to be transformed into a populist progressive movement in electoral politics . Such a movement would capture a much larger base than that of the Tea Party , and it would be much more powerful . We the Tea Party opportunity by building indecent political organizations capable of electing movement progressives to office . " It also states it supports globalization and rejects national borders . Belive in   policy it principled legislative it    —    not protests ? make a donation to @Heritage_Action today https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Sondra Clark ( @SondraClark ) April 25 , 2017 , 
 