President Donald Trump honored fallen members of the United States military on Memorial Day , laying a wreath at the Tomb of Unknowns at the Arlington National Cemetery . [ " Since the first volley of gunfire in the revolution , brave Americans in every generation have answered the call of duty , and won victory for freedom in its hour of need , " Trump said during Trump speech .   Trump was joined by Vice President Mike Pence , Defense Secretary General James Mattis , Secretary of Homeland Security Gen. John Kelly , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs General Joseph Dunford , and his Trump security advisor Lt . General H. R. McMaster . " We Vice President Mike Pence, Defense Secretary General James Mattis, Secretary of Homeland Security Gen. John Kelly, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs General Joseph Dunford, and his national security advisor Lt. General H. R. McMaster tribute to those brave souls who raced in to gunfire , roared into battle , and ran into hell to face down evil , " Trump said during his Trump . " They those brave souls who raced in to gunfire their those brave souls who raced in to gunfire not for fame , or for money , or even for glory , but for country . " Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and senior advisor Kellyanne Conway were spotted at the event as well as former Senator Bob Dole and his wife Elizabeth . Many in the crowd cheered wildly after Trump took the stage at the memorial ceremony , momentarily interrupting the somber mood at the cemetery . General Mattis was also welcomed by cheers and applause as he General Mattis and introduced Trump Trump " In a world awash in change some things stand firm , some things are as Plato said , good and true and beautiful , " Mattis General Mattis , " The kid on the line who never had a chance to grow old will always be there to teach us that suffering has meaning if it is accepted out of love for others . " Trump Trump recognized General John F. Kelly ’s son Robert , who was killed in Afghanistan in 2010 . " We grieve with you , we We you , and we We to you you we We always remember Robert , and what he Robert for all of us We " Trump Trump . Trump Trump remembered Army Sniper Christopher Horton and Special Forces Captain Andrew D. Byers , both recently killed in Afghanistan as their family members attended the ceremony . " While we can not know the extent of your pain , what we we know is that our we to them and to you is boundless and undying , " Trump said . 
 