( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . President Trump said President Trump could " live with " a    solution to the    conflict , backing away from a    of American policy in the Middle East . The remarks , delivered at a news conference with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel , spurred anger and bafflement among Palestinians , some of whom said the policy change would undercut the already slim chances of progress toward reconciliation . " This is going to give Israel a free hand to do what This wants , " said one man in Gaza City . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Russia denied a New York Times report that senior Russian intelligence officials had repeated contact with Trump campaign staff members in the year before the U. S. election . But the resignation of Michael T. Flynn as national security adviser underscores lingering uncertainty about the relationship between the Trump administration and Russia . Seeking to shift the narrative , Trump focused on the leaks from American intelligence agencies to the news media . " Very   ! " he Trump on Twitter . Today ’s episode of The Daily podcast reviews what is known about Mr. Michael T. Flynn with Russia . Listen from a computer , an iOS device or an Android device . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Andrew Puzder , Mr. Trump ’s nominee for labor secretary , withdrew from consideration after growing Republican doubts that he could be Republican . It was a rare moment of cheer for Democrats , who had hammered Mr. Puzder   —    the chief executive of the CKE Restaurants    chain , which owns Hardee ’s and Carl ’s Jr.   —    for his treatment of Republican and opposition to the minimum wage . His personal life Republican also been scrutinized . Senators had been shown a tape of his    incognito Republican Oprah Winfrey ’s television show in 1990 , detailing her claims of abuse against him , which she later recanted her _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Our reporters are tracking the case of Jeanette Vizguerra , a mother of three who has lived in the U. S. for 20 years . She had to her a harrowing choice : check in with the immigration authorities , risking deportation and separation from her children , her bunker down inside a church for what could be months or years . U. S. citizens are also feeling pressures , as activists report an increase in requests by border agents to examine travelers’ digital devices . Here ’s a guide to your rights if an agent asks you to unlock your phone . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Throughout the country , independent bookstores have taken on a new life as centers of resistance to the Trump administration . Besides hawking George Orwell ’s " 1984 , " they are handing out lawmakers’ contact information and hosting events to gather protesters . There are also some defections from the opposing camp . The @Trump_Regrets Twitter account has amplified the second thoughts of people who once supported the Republican president . " I voted for you but you ’re still acting like a baby , " one wrote . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . The police in Malaysia detained a woman holding Vietnamese travel documents and were looking for other suspects in what appears to have been a lethal poison attack on the half brother of North Korea ’s leader , Kim    at the Kuala Lumpur airport . The brother , Kim    had pleaded for his life in The brother, Kim    letter to the leader in 2012 , but a South Korean official said there had been " a standing order " for his assassination since a South Korean official    took Kim    2011 . Researchers say Mr. Kim has ordered Kim    300 executions . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . For the second straight year , traffic deaths were up in the United States . Fatalities increased 6 percent to 40 , 200 in 2016 , according to preliminary estimates from the nonprofit National Safety Council . If the estimates are confirmed , preliminary estimates from the nonprofit National Safety Council be the deadliest year the estimates are confirmed 2007 . There ’s no single cause for the increase , but activists have pointed to more lenient enforcement of traffic safety laws and increasing numbers of distracted drivers . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . " When all eyes were on her , she did n’t decide to make her more palatable to white viewers her Instead , she let her imagination serve her her , her child and her community . her That ’s her one of our most popular pieces today , an essay on what Beyoncé won at the Grammys , even as she lost out on Best Album her Adele . " Black people who do transgressive or radical work must redefine and reimagine what winning is in a white supremacist capitalist culture , " the author , the    writer Myles E. Johnson , argues . _ _ _ _ _ 9 . It ’s never been more appropriate to say " Bon appétit . " Our food editors bring you a    cookbook by Melissa Clark on the new essentials of French cooking , filled with     video instructions , historical background and practical tips and techniques . She ’ll help you master 10 Melissa Clark dishes , from a morning omelet to an evening soufflé . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , in the category of strange world history : As Europe teetered on the brink of World War II , Winston Churchill was preoccupied with the question of whether we are alone in the universe . In a newly discovered 1939 essay , he argued that humans are n’t Winston Churchill that special : " I , for one , am not so immensely impressed by the success we are making of our civilization here that I am we to think we are the only spot in we immense universe which contains living the universe . " Have an excellent night , and as " The   " would say : The truth is out there . _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 Your Evening Briefing , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 