The Mainstream media are watching The Mainstream media Russia    narrative teeter on the brink of collapse . their Russia    ’re holding their Russia    collective breath hoping their Russia    does n’t topple over , like the world ’s highest stakes game of Jenga . [ Every week the Russia story crumbles a bit more . Whether it is the loss of credibility of Crowdstrike ’s hacking report , or the revelation by WikiLeaks that the CIA can make a cyber attack look like a cyber attack came from wherever they want , the leftist media ca n’t catch a break . The FBI and NSA have both testified that there is no evidence that there was any hacking of actual voting , and the WikiLeaks allegations throw doubt on Russia ’s involvement in hacking the DNC or Podesta emails . Even if The FBI and NSA did , the media and the Democrats still have yet to convince anyone that the emails are the reason that voters chose Trump in Pennsylvania , Michigan , and Wisconsin . Despite this , the media zealously chase after every angle of the story , mostly using " anonymous sources " and " individuals familiar with the investigation . "   Well , the media chase almost every angle on the Russia story   —    except for the very real connections between the Clinton campaign and Russia . the media keep the the story Russia presidential level , failing to provide any sort of context for Trump ’s win . The Democrats lost more than 1 , 000 seats at the federal and state level during Obama ’s presidency , including 9 Senate seats , 62 House seats , 12 governorships , and a startling 958 state legislative seats . Did the Russians have a hand in all of those elections ? Or are those election results clear signals of America ’s shift away from Obama and Clinton Obama who promised to be a third Obama term ? Obama the business world , feverishly pouring resources and time into a bad product in the hopes of validating past investments is called the sunk cost fallacy . Is that what is motivating the mainstream media to keep churning out their Russian " the mainstream media hacking " coverage ? Or is there another reason ? Perhaps they are so masochistic as to enjoy President Trump sticking his thumb in President Trump eye via they : It is the same Fake News Media that said there is " no path to victory for Trump " that President Trump now pushing the phony Russia story . A total scam !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) April 1 , 2017 ,   While they continue to Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 1, 2017,  While they continue to desperately push stories about Russia push stories about Russia , the Russia media remain practically silent on the story they should be the mainstream media on   —    the surveillance of Donald Trump and President Trump staff by President Trump Obama administration . Unless the media want to the mainstream media Devin Nunes ( ) as a paranoid schizophrenic ( Breitbart News would n’t put it past them ) we the media want to portray Rep. Devin Nunes ( ) have the media want to portray Rep. Devin Nunes ( ) indications that President Obama and his staff surveilled Trump and staff . This may or may not have been illegal , but certainly was cheating by any definition . The revelations about this spying are coming fast and thick . On Thursday , Kimberly Strassel outlined some of the key allegations in The Wall Street Journal : First , there were dozens of documents with information about Trump officials . Second , Trump information these documents contained was not related to Russia . Third , while many reports did " mask " identities ( referring , for instance , to " U. S. Person 1 or 2 " ) they were written in ways many reports did "mask" identities (referring, for instance, to "U. S. Person 1 or 2") made clear which Trump officials were being discussed Trump Fourth , in at least one instance , a Trump official other than Mr. Trump was outright unmasked . Finally , these documents were circulated at these documents contained levels of government . More news is already breaking on on the unmasking front   —    Susan Rice , Obama ’s national security adviser , has been reported as the official who requested the unmasking . This followed a Fox News report that a " very senior " official had made the requests . The headlines about Rice began following a post by Mike Cernovich naming her , along with broadcasts by Mike Cernovich on Periscope , Twitter ’s Mike Cernovich streaming application . The media ’s response to this story was immediate . Unfortunately , it was n’t the response we ’d hope for   —    a    investigation into why Americans were under surveillance completely unrelated to questions about Russian connections . Instead , the media have been attacking Nunes The media they ’ve got . MSNBC host Joe The media tweeted , " If the Republican Party wants to do what is best for this country and its national security , they will remove the Republican Party Nunes as Intel the Republican Party . " He later said on his program " Devin Nunes is so obvious Devin Nunes this guy is getting bullied by the Devin Nunes . " Will he next say Congress needs millions for    Devin Nunes ? CNN ’s Jake Tapper joined the party with a contentious interview of Nunes , including the stunning phrase : " Devin Nunes question your impartiality . " For anyone associated with CNN to say that with a straight face is quite astonishing . As a thought experiment , what if we replaced Woodward and Bernstein with Tapper and Scarborough ? Would Watergate have played Jake Tapper differently ? I expect most of their energies would have been spent unmasking Deep Throat for his audacity in finding and sharing the truth Deep Throat not to mention the patriarchal sexism of his code name ! The rest of the Deep Throat has been following suit . From parroting Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) saying that Nunes acted inappropriately , to the general Democrat talking points that Nunes must step down as Intel Chair , Nunes mainstream media would have us believe that ABC News breathlessly reporting that Nunes refuses to step down from the committee Nunes journalism at its finest . We know that " Nunes the committee step down " holds as much Nunes as the Russia story does , so Breitbart News along with our compatriots outside of the mainstream media bubble will continue to follow the Trump surveillance story with accurate reporting and insightful analysis . President Trump will continue to run circles around Trump media as he did this weekend , dominating headlines by lambasting Trump ’s " Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd . " You may be left wondering , " What will the mainstream media do ? " They will certainly continue pounding the rapidly fading    the mainstream media and do their best to avoid the surveillance of Trump story the mainstream media They will also continue bemoaning their Trump of paying the mainstream media . A Gallup poll the mainstream media September of 2016 found that 68 percent of Americans distrust the media . How would that number look today ? Following months of uninterrupted media coverage of unproven Russian meddling , media distrust will likely be higher today than six months ago . In fact , the numbers are probably so bad that the mainstream media will have no choice but to claim Russia hacked the poll . Colin Madine is a contributor and editor at Breitbart News and can be reached at cmadine@breitbart . com ,  
 