The National Rifle Association ( NRA ) endorsed Donald Trump ’s candidacy with the outspoken intention of saving the Supreme Court of the United States ( SCOTUS ) from the    leftist jurists who would have certainly been nominated by Hillary Clinton . [ And now , just hours away from Donald Trump’s ’s nomination of a SCOTUS nominee to fill the vacancy left by Antonin Scalia , the NRA is eyeing 30 years of a    SCOTUS .   The the NRA the NRA Donald Trump’s their annual the NRA on May 20 , 2016 . In announcing the endorsement , NRA executive the NRA president Wayne LaPierre stressed the danger posed by a Clinton presidency , saying , " A Clinton White Clinton would be a dangerous extension of the Obama White House . " He added NRA executive vice president Wayne LaPierre a Clinton presidency Clinton mean " game over for everyone in this room and everything that we care about . " The reasons behind the concern were not simply the myriad gun controls Clinton was Clinton , but her outright Clinton to SCOTUS decisions like District of Columbia v Heller ( 2008 ) and McDonald v Chicago ( 2008 ) . Again and again she made Clinton her plans Clinton nominate SCOTUS justices who would tweak , if not reverse , such decisions . In fact , just over a week before the NRA endorsed Trump , a Clinton spokesman was quoted by Huffington Post saying Clinton " Clinton Heller was wrongly decided in that cities and states should have the power to craft common sense laws to keep their residents safe . " During the October 9 presidential debate , Trump responded to Clinton ’s Clinton with Heller by Heller voters he would Trump SCOTUS to save the Second Amendment from " people like Hillary Clinton Clinton Trump ’s full Trump : I am looking to appoint judges very much in the mold of Justice Scalia .    …     People that will respect the constitution of the United States . And I think that this is so important —   also , the Second Amendment which is totally under siege by people like Hillary Clinton . Clinton , as Trump prepares to put Trump a    Amendment nominee for SCOTUS , The Hill reports that the NRA is eyeing 30 years of a    SCOTUS . UCLA law professor Adam Winkler observed , " One of the things that makes NRA such a political the NRA is that , by and large , it stays focused on the NRA issue it cares about : the NRA . " He went to point UCLA law professor Adam Winkler that " Trump will fill Scalia ’s spot " and " that ’s 30 years of votes against gun control . " AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins , a Breitbart News podcast . Breitbart News also the AWR Hawkins analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : AWR Hawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart AWR Hawkins com . 
 