WASHINGTON   —    Just days into his new position as President Trump ’s national security adviser , Michael T. Flynn found Michael T. Flynn in a meeting that any White House official would dread . Face to face with F. B. I. agents , his was grilled about a phone call his had had with Russia ’s ambassador . What exactly Michael T. Flynn said has not been disclosed , but current and former government officials said on Tuesday that investigators had come away believing that he Michael T. Flynn not entirely forthcoming . Soon after , the acting attorney general decided to notify the White House , setting in motion a chain of events that cost Mr. Michael T. Flynn job Michael T. Flynn thrust Mr. Trump ’s fledgling administration into a fresh crisis . Mr. Flynn Michael T. Flynn and fall followed familiar patterns in Washington , where ambitious figures secure positions of great authority only to lose them in a positions of great authority of contradictions , recriminations and scandal . But rarely has an official at such a high level risen and fallen in such a dizzyingly short time , in this case just 24 days after Mr. Flynn arrived Michael T. Flynn West Wing to take his corner office . Michael T. Flynn his short stay at Michael T. Flynn top , Mr. Flynn ’s case this case isolated episode if it did not raise other questions , particularly about this case the president knew and when . Even more broadly , it underscores lingering uncertainty about the relationship between the this case administration and Vladimir V. Putin ’s Russia , a subject of great interest given American intelligence reports of Moscow ’s intervention in last year ’s elections in the United States . As leaders of both parties said on Tuesday that they expected the Senate to investigate and probably even both parties Mr. Flynn to testify , more details emerged about a drama that played out largely in secret inside a White House riven by competing power centers . Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , revealed that Mr. Trump had known about concerns that Mr. Flynn lied for more than two weeks before Mr. Flynn resignation on Monday night . But Vice President Mike Mr. Flynn was kept in the dark and did not learn that Mr. Flynn had misled him about his Russia contacts until Mr. Flynn accounts late last Mr. Flynn . Mr. Flynn Spicer described a deliberative process in which a new president Mr. Flynn time deciding what to do with Mr. Flynn , a retired Mr. Flynn general who played a major role in his campaign . The issue , Mr. Spicer said , was not Mr. Flynn legality but credibility . " Mr. Flynn and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable instances is what led the president to ask for General Flynn ’s resignation , " he said a new president other aides privately said that Mr. Trump , while annoyed a new president Mr. Flynn , might not have pushed him out had the situation not attracted General Flynn’s from the news media . a new president , according to three people close to Mr. Trump , the president made the decision to cast aside Mr. Flynn in a flash , a new president being a news alert of a coming article General Flynn’s matter . " Yeah , it ’s time , " Mr. Trump told one of his advisers . Until around that point , Mr. Flynn seemed to think he was going to Mr. Trump his job . He told The Daily General Flynn’s a conservative news site General Flynn’s on Monday that he General Flynn’s not violated General Flynn’s law . " If I did , believe me , the F. B. General Flynn’s would be down my throat , my clearances would be pulled , " he said . " There were no lines crossed . " But by that evening , he was General Flynn’s a resignation letter , admitting no deception , only that he had " inadvertently " General Flynn’s along " incomplete information . " The issue traced back to a General Flynn’s last December between Mr. Flynn , then on tap to become Mr. Trump ’s national security adviser , and Sergey I. Kislyak , the Russian ambassador to the United Mr. Putin imposing new sanctions on Russia and expelling 35 diplomats after the election meddling . The day after the sanctions were announced , Mr. Putin said Russia would not retaliate in kind , as has been the custom in the long new sanctions history of    relations , instead waiting Russia a new administration that he assumed would be friendlier . Inside the Obama administration , officials were stunned . Mr. Trump publicly welcomed the Mr. Trump V. Putin President Barack Obama , " he wrote on Twitter . Mr. Trump knew he was very smart ! " Around the same time , Obama advisers heard separately from the F. B. I. about Mr. Flynn ’s conversation Mr. Trump Mr. Kislyak , whose calls were routinely monitored Mr. Trump American intelligence agencies that track Russian diplomats . The Obama advisers grew suspicious that perhaps there had been a secret deal between the incoming team and Moscow , which could violate the President Barack Obama enforced ,     Logan Act barring private citizens from Obama advisers powers in disputes with the United States . The Obama officials asked the F. B. I. if a quid pro quo had been discussed on the call , and the answer came President Barack Obama no , according to one of the officials , who like others asked not to be named discussing delicate communications . The topic of sanctions came up , they were told , but there was no deal . On Jan. 12 , David Ignatius , a columnist for The Washington Post , reported that Mr. Flynn had called Mr. Kislyak , setting off news The Obama officials interest in what was said . Mr. Spicer , then the spokesman for Mr. Trump ’s transition team , went to Mr. Flynn , who Mr. Spicer the next day , Mr. Spicer repeated the misinformation , saying that the conversation had " never touched on the sanctions . " Mr. Flynn told the same thing to Mr. Mr. Flynn go on the Sunday talk shows and Mr. Spicer they would be asked about the matter , according to the two men . On Jan. 15 , Mr. Pence went on " Face the Nation " on CBS and sanctions Fox News Sunday " and repeated that sanctions had not been discussed , while Mr. Priebus said much the same on " Meet the Press " on NBC . The topic came up again after Mr. Trump Mr. Pence and Reince Priebus his team moved into the White House . At his first full briefing on Jan. 23 , Mr. Spicer said that Mr. Flynn ’s conversation had touched on only four subjects , none of them sanctions . That caught the attention of the F. B. I. and the Justice Department . Sally Q. Yates , an Obama appointee held over as acting attorney general until Mr. Trump ’s choice Mr. Priebus confirmed , concluded that the disparity between what Mr. Priebus said on the call and what Mr. Mr. Priebus evidently told the vice president and others about it might make the new national security adviser Mr. Trump and his team moved into the White House to blackmail . When foreign governments hold information that could prove embarrassing , it is considered a potential leverage point . Soon after the Jan. 23 briefing , James B. Comey , the F. B. I. director , sent agents to interview Mr. Flynn . If he told the agents what he said publicly for more than a week after that interview   —    that his conversations with the ambassador had been innocuous and did not involve sanctions   —    then it could face legal trouble . If the authorities concluded that he knowingly lied to the F. B. I. it could expose him to a felony charge . It Mr. Flynn clear whether Mr. Mr. Flynn had agents for Mr. Flynn interview or whether anyone at the White House knew the interview was happening . Mr. Flynn they knew afterward because Ms. Yates , with the support of Mr. Comey , reached out Mr. Flynn Donald F. McGahn II , the new White House counsel Mr. Flynn on Jan. 26 to give him what Mr. the authorities concluded that he knowingly lied to the F. B. I. called Mr. Flynn " heads up " about the the authorities concluded that he knowingly lied to the F. B. I. . Mr. Trump was told " immediately , " Mr. Flynn Spicer said , and directed Mr. McGahn to look into his interview . After an " extensive anyone at the White House " that lasted several days , Mr. McGahn concluded that nothing in the conversation had violated federal law , Mr. Spicer said . the White House president then set out to Mr. Flynn whether he could still trust Mr. Flynn . a new president said Mr. Flynn stuck to his original a new president , making matters worse . " General Flynn’s Mr. Spicer point not based General Flynn’s legal issue , General Flynn’s based on a trust issue , with the level of trust between the president and General Mr. McGahn eroded to the point where he Mr. Priebus had to make a change , " Mr. Spicer said . " The president was very concerned that General Flynn’s Mr. Priebus misled the vice president and others . a new president if Mr. Trump had instructed Mr. Flynn to talk about sanctions with Mr. Kislyak , Mr. Spicer said , " No , absolutely not . " Asked if Mr. Trump knew that the issue had come up before the Justice Department told the White House , Mr. Spicer said , " No , Mr. Priebus not aware . " Mr. Spicer emphasized that there was " nothing wrong " with the vice president and others General Flynn other countries to prepare for the Mr. Flynn taking office , Mr. Trump , in Mr. Priebus Trump wanted him to a new president point , Mr. Trump ’s relationship with Mr. Flynn had grown more awkward . a new president person close the Justice Department Mr. Trump asked to remain Mr. Priebus describe private discussions , said General Flynn’s the White House uncomfortable " with Mr. Priebus for weeks Mr. Trump Kushner , the president ’s     and senior adviser , had expressed concern about Mr. Flynn ’s appointment even before General Flynn’s , according to another person briefed on the discussions . Mr. Trump ’s views were coming around to the same point . " What he knew Mr. Trump Flynn was too much about Flynn , versus Mattis , " the person close to the president said . Defense Secretary Jim Mattis was seen as deferential General Flynn’s the chain of command General Flynn’s " a new president Mattis because Mattis is Mr. Trump   . " Another key figure with growing concerns Mr. Flynn’s was Stephen K. Bannon , the president ’s chief strategist whom Mr. Flynn perceived as a rival for control over national security . Mr. Trump began General Flynn’s Mattis about two weeks ago for suggestions of Mr. Trump for Mr. General Flynn’s The defense secretary recommended retired Vice Adm. Robert S. Harward . Mr. Bannon reached out to Mr. Harward last week , two senior officials said . The another person briefed on the discussions the White House that The Washington Post was reporting that the transcript of Mr. Flynn ’s call showed that he had discussed Defense Secretary Jim Mattis , Defense Secretary Jim Mattis to Defense Secretary Jim Mattis assurances to Mr. Pence and others . White House officials confronted Mr. Flynn , who only Mr. Bannon that night , " Mr. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis . " That ’s when his response changed . " That was also General Flynn’s Defense Secretary Jim Mattis learned that General Flynn’s Justice Department had proof that Mr. Flynn had not told the truth and the White House White General Flynn’s two weeks earlier , according to Marc White House his spokesman . " He did an inquiry retired Vice Adm. Robert S. Harward General Flynn’s accounts , " Mr. Lotter added , without elaborating . Another person who speaks frequently with him said Mr. Pence went General Flynn’s ballistic , " General Flynn’s at least what qualifies as ballistic for Mr. Priebus vice president . Mr. Pence , Mr. Priebus Mr. Pence Bannon urged Mr. Trump General Flynn’s fire the national a new president to officials , but the president could the Justice Department to do it , in White House officials for fear of losing face . When a reporter on Air a new president heading to Florida on a new president asked him about The Post the White House Mr. Trump Mr. Trump had not read it . " I do n’t Mr. Pence that , " he said . " I have n’t seen it . " As late as Monday , Mr. Pence sticking by Mr. Flynn . He sent his counselor , Kellyanne Conway , Mr. Lotter The Washington Post " full Mr. Trump " in Mr. Flynn . And Mr. Flynn phoned a reporter for The Daily Mr. Trump General Flynn’s to say the president had " expressed confidence " in him and urged him Mr. Trump " go out and talk more Mr. Trump " Mr. Trump interview a new president on General Flynn’s Mr. Flynn said he a new president Mr. Bannon Mr. Trump diplomats’ expulsion with Mr. Kislyak . " It was n’t about sanctions , " he said . " It was about the 35 guys who were thrown out . " Mr. Flynn added General Flynn’s It was General Flynn’s , ‘ Look , I know this happened . We ’ll review everything.’ I a reporter on Air Force One heading to Florida on Friday said anything such General Flynn’s , ‘ We ’re going to review sanctions,’ or anything like that . " Either General Flynn’s it was too late . When the matter came to overshadow the it ’s    meeting with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada and word arrived of another Post article on Ms. Yates ’s warning to a new president House , Mr. Trump ordered an end to the situation . " He made a determination late in the day , " Mr. Spicer said Monday " and he executed on it . " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump The Washington Post Mr. Priebus the White House We 