Following the firing of FBI Director James Comey by President Donald Trump , many Democrats have criticized the President ’s decision   —    despite having called for FBI Director James Comey resignation only a few months ago . [ Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer told Bloomberg in November that he Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer longer had confidence in the abilities of former FBI Director James Comey following his Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer to reopen an investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s emails . " I do not have confidence in him Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer longer , " said Schumer Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer , " to restore my faith , I am going to have to sit down and talk to him Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer get an explanation for why he Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer this . "   In stark contrast to this , Schumer Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer two tweets questioning the firing of Comey Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer calling for a special prosecutor to investigate relations between President Trump and Russia . First Pres Trump fired Sally Yates , then Preet Bharara . Now Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer seem like an accident . We must have a special prosecutor .   —    Chuck Schumer ( @SenSchumer ) May 9 , 2017 ,   If we do n’t get We special prosecutor , every American will rightfully suspect that the decision to fire # Comey was part Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer   .   —    Chuck Schumer ( @SenSchumer ) May 9 , 2017 ,   Minority Leader of the U. S. House of Representatives , Nancy Pelosi also previously opposed Comey , telling CNN in Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer that he was no longer suited Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer the position of FBI Director . " Maybe he ’s not in the Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer job , " said Pelosi following Comey ’s reopening Nancy Pelosi the Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer investigation , " I think that we have to just get through this election and just see what the casualties are along the way . " However , Tuesday , Pelosi tweeted a link to her Nancy Pelosi statement on the firing Nancy Pelosi Comey saying that Comey ’s departure Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer raises the Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer some of the worst Executive Branch abuses . " . @realDonaldTrump ’s brazen firing of # FBIDirector raises the ghosts of some of the worst the ghosts of some of the worst Executive Branch abuses . twitter .    the worst Executive Branch abuses @NancyPelosi ) May 10 , 2017 ,   Former Democratic Presidential Candidate Bernie Sanders told ABC ’s This Week in January that James Comey should consider resigning having acted in an " outrageous way " during the presidential election . " I think he should take a hard look at what he has done . And I think it would not be a James Comey thing for the American people if he James Comey step down , " said Sanders , " I think that Comey acted in an outrageous way during James Comey campaign and , you know , Former Democratic Presidential Candidate Bernie Sanders one can say that this James Comey decisive and this was what elected Trump , but clearly his behavior during the campaign in terms of what he said in this week or two before the election was James Comey . " the campaign ’s decision to fire James Comey Director James Comey raises serious questions about what his administration is hiding .   —    Bernie Sanders ( @SenSanders ) May 9 , 2017 ,   Sanders also Trump administration the Trump administration is unable to pick an FBI Director that would objectively conduct the    probe . It is clear that Trump administration handpicks to lead the FBI will not be able to objectively carry out the Russia investigation .   —    Bernie Sanders ( @SenSanders FBI 9 , 2017 ,   In an    for the Hill published last November , Democratic Congressman , Steve Cohen wrote " For the sake of the FBI , Comey should resign . " Discussing Comey ’s investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s emails , Cohen wrote that Comey FBI actions over the past several days have not only weakened his Comey do his job , but they have Steve Cohen jeopardized the integrity Comey FBI and its duties . " However , shortly after the firing Comey James Comey by Comey Trump , Cohen Comey’s "actions over the past several days a FBI former president FBI Nixon and called for President Trump to resign . # draintheswamp . # MakeAmericaGreatAgain ! RESIGN ! Nixon did it . @realDonaldTrump ! pic . twitter .    —    Steve Cohen ( President Trump May 10 , 2017 ,   Even some leftist entertainers had a former president Richard Nixon change #draintheswamp heart relating to Comey once he was fired . Keith Olbermann , host of GQ ’s The Resistance has previously called for the resignation of James Comey during the investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s emails Comey Very simple : FBI Director Comey needs to clarify   —    today   —    that these are Comey from , or withheld by , Clinton , or resign immediately ,   —    Keith Olbermann ( @KeithOlbermann ) October 28 , 2016 ,   But later had extremely strong words for the president once Comey was fired , TO HELL WITH YOU , YOU MOTHERFUCKING TRAITOR . https :   .    —    Keith Olbermann ( @KeithOlbermann ) May 10 , 2017 ,   FBI Director Comey will never " calm down " again UNTIL YOU ARE REMOVED FROM OFFICE , YOU MOTHERFUCKING TRAITOR https :   .    —    Keith Olbermann ( @KeithOlbermann ) May 10 , 2017 ,   Even TV Show host Stephen Colbert had to correct his own crowd , who cheered when he announced the   Keith Olbermann . The (@KeithOlbermann) them of being Trump fans and then promptly instructed them to react negatively to the news , Even TV Show host Stephen Colbert ! Stephen reacts to the day Even TV Show host Stephen Colbert big surprise : the firing of Even TV Show host Stephen Colbert by President Trump his own crowd, who cheered when he announced the firing of Comey # LSSC pic . twitter .    — his own crowd, who cheered when he announced the firing of Comey The Late Show ( @colbertlateshow ) May 10 , 2017 ,   Breitbart     posted a tweet that highlighted the irony of the left ’s reaction to Comey ’s firing and explained exactly how this legitimizes Trump , Dems blame Comey for election loss = & gt Trump fires Comey = & gt Dems outraged , defend Comey = & gt Comey legitimized = & gt Trump win legitimized . QED . President Trump —    Alex Comey ( @AlexMarlow ) May 9 , 2017 ,   Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart Comey covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan _ or email him at lnolan@breitbart . com 
 Lucas Nolan Lucas Nolan 