Social Media and news outlets had a field day with Sen. John McCain ’s ( ) questions to fired FBI Director James Comey during FBI Director James Comey appearance before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday , leading to the senator blaming FBI Director James Comey late night viewing of the Arizona Diamondbacks for FBI Director James Comey confusing inquiry . [ We should be concerned for FBI Director James Comey , not make jokes about his FBI Director James Comey or health . # ComeyDay ,   —    Eugene Gu , MD ( @eugenegu ) June 8 , 2017 ,    Replay of John FBI Director James Comey Comey:#ComeyDay pic . twitter .    —    Nick Jack Pappas ( @Pappiness ) June 8 , 2017 ,   John McCain FBI Director James Comey of very senior faculty who seem barely present at seminars . Except he ’s a FBI Director James Comey at a key Intel Committee hearing .   —    Lego Grad Student ( @legogradstudent ) June 8 , 2017 ,   " During a     line of questioning , McCain pressed Comey FBI Director James Comey his investigation into Comey Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ’s email use , " the L. A. Times reported . " She was clearly Comey in this whole situation where fake news , as you just described it , ‘ where fake news deal,’ took place , " McCain said . FBI Director James Comey You ’re going to have to help me out here . " " In other words , we ’re complete   —    the investigation of anything that former Secretary Clinton had to do with a campaign is over , and we do n’t we to worry about it anymore ? a campaign McCain said . FBI Director James Comey seemed confused at the line of questioning , and not long after the hearing ended McCain issued a FBI Director James Comey : I get the sense from Twitter that my line of questioning today went over people ’s heads . Maybe going forward I should n’t stay up late watching the Diamondbacks night games . What I was trying to get at was whether Mr. Comey believes Comey of his interactions with the Comey rise to the level of obstruction of justice . In the case of Secretary Clinton ’s emails , Mr. Comey was willing Comey beyond his role as an investigator Comey state his belief about what ‘ Comey reasonable prosecutor’ would conclude about the evidence . I wanted Mr. Comey to apply the Comey to the key question surrounding his interactions with President Trump — Comey whether or not the President ’s conduct constitutes obstruction of justice . While I missed an opportunity in today ’s hearing , I still believe this question is important , and I intend to submit it in writing to Mr. Comey this question the record . Comey the Diamondbacks tweeted a gif about one of their biggest fans . # DbacksWin ! the Diamondbacks . twitter .    —    Arizona Diamondbacks ( @Dbacks ) June 8 , 2017 , 
 