Electronic dance music DJ Moby announced to his Instagram followers that his is in possession of intelligence that proves that " the Trump administration is in collusion with the Russian government . " [ Without providing any of said proof , DJ Moby wrote in an Instagram post that after " spending the weekend talking to friends who work in dc , " he could " safely " post what he claimed were five intelligence points he believed to be accurate .   The     dance music star went on to claim that a discredited dossier of unsubstantiated allegations about Trump ’s connection to the Russian government is " 100 % real , " and that Trump’s is being " blackmailed by the Russian government for much more nefarious things . " " The Trump administration is in collusion with the Russian the Russian government has been since day one , " Trump’s wrote .   after spending the weekend talking to friends who work in dc i can safely ( well , ’accurately’   …     ) post the following things :    russian dossier on trump is real .   100 % real .   Trump’s ’s being blackmailed by the russian government , the Russian government being peed on by russian hookers , but for much more nefarious things .    trump administration is in collusion    the russian government , and has the Russian government one .     trump administration needs a war , most likely trump administration .   at present they are putting u. s warships off the coast trump administration iran in the hope that iran will attack one iran the ships and give iran u. s a pretense for invasion .    are right wing plans to get rid of trump .   he ’s a drain on their fundraising and their the u. ratings , and the gop and koch their and other u. s right wing groups are planning to get rid of trump .    agencies around the world , and here in    u. s , are horrified by the incompetence of the trump administration , and are working to present information that will lead to high level firings and , ultimately , impeachment . i ’m writing these things so that    these things happen there will be a public    these things these are truly baffling and horrifying times , as we have an incompetent president who is essentially owned by a foreign power .    A post shared by moby X Ⓥ X ( @moby ) on Feb 13 , 2017 at 8:49am PST ,   The musician went on to claim that " intelligence agencies around the world , and here in the u. s , are horrified by the incompetence of the trump administration , and are working to present information that will lead to high level firings and , ultimately , impeachment [ sic ] . " Moby ’s post came just hours before the resignation of Michael Flynn as National Security Adviser . Leaks calls between Flynn and the Russian ambassador led to his resignation . Michael Flynn I ’m writing these things so Michael Flynn these things happen there will be a public record beforehand , these things said . " These are truly baffling and horrifying Moby , as we have an incompetent president who is essentially owned by a foreign power . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 