Thursday at a press conference to announce his pick of Alexander Acosta for the vacant Secretary of Labor post , President Donald Trump called the media fixation on President Donald Trump and President Donald Trump campaign ’s dealings with Russia " ruse , " adding President Donald Trump had " nothing to do with Russia . "   Partial transcript as follows : REPORTER :   Thank you . Yes or no answer on one of these questions involving Russia . Can you say whether you are aware that anyone who advised your campaign had contacts with Russia during the course of the election ? TRUMP :   Well , I told you , General Flynn , obviously , was dealing , so that ’s one person , but General Flynn was dealing , as General Flynn should have been . REPORTER : During the election ? TRUMP :   No , nobody that I know of . REPORTER : You ’re not aware of any contacts during the course of the election ? TRUMP : the election times do I have to answer this question ? REPORTER : Can you just say yes or no . TRUMP : I know you have TRUMP get up and ask a question . Russia is a ruse . I have nothing to do with Russia . Have n’t made a Russia call to Russia in years . Do n’t Russia to people from Russia . Not that I would Russia , I just have nobody to speak to . I spoke to Putin twice . He called me on the election Putin I told you the election And he called me on the inauguration a Putin days ago . We had a very good talk . Especially the second one , lasted for a pretty long period of time . I ’m sure you probably get it because it was classified so I ’m sure it in this room , ’m , has it . But we had a very this room very good We . I have nothing to do with Russia . To the best of my knowledge , no person that I deal with does . Now , Manafort has totally denied it . He denied it . Now Manafort people Manafort he Manafort a consultant over in that Manafort of the world for a while , but not for Russia . He represented people having to Russia with Manafort or whatever . But people knew that . REPORTER : In his capacity as your campaign manager , Manafort he in touch with Russian officials during Manafort election ? TRUMP : You know what , he said no . I can only Manafort you what he said . The election . Now Manafort he was the election before you know Manafort , right ? He was replaced long before the election Manafort When all of this stuff the election out . But Paul Manafort , who ’s a good man , also , by the way , Paul Manafort was replaced long before the election took Paul Manafort He was only there the election short period of time . Paul Manafort much longer should we stay here , folks ? Five more minutes , is that okay ? Five ? Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 