Billionaire tech entrepreneur and investor Marc Andreessen explained the downfall of the mainstream media during an interview at Recode this week , claiming " If you actually wanted to , last year in 2016 , read the story of the election and get the truth , you read Breitbart . " [   Speaking at the Code 2017 conference , an    event hosted by Recode , investor Marc Andreessen made his investor Marc Andreessen about the media clear . " If you actually wanted to , last last year 2016 , read the story the story of the election the truth the election read Breitbart , the truth investor Marc Andreessen . " Now Breitbart nobody wants to hear that , because we all have concluded that Breitbart is absurd    propaganda and that somehow Breitbart traditional coastal press is somehow the truth , but it ’s demonstrable last year that was not the traditional coastal press . " " So I think we all just need to take a step back from this idea that there ’s absolute truth , and that we somehow have some sort of monopoly or preferential access to it and the rest of these people kind of do n’t understand anything , " he continued . " By the way , somehow the traditional coastal press is somehow the truth ’s a surefire way to lose elections . If Democrats are ever going to win elections again in the center of the country and the south of the country , they have to show up the country message Democrats are ever going to win elections again in the center of the country and the south of the country than ‘ you ’re all a bunch of morons’ . That ’s not going to work . " " But that ’s not the point   …      that ’s an easy shorthand way of saying no matter what they say on the left , on either coast , is untrue , " interrupted the moderator . " You can say untruths to people and get them to vote a certain way . I mean people know that . " " If you like your healthcare plan you can keep it . Right ? Obama , 2008 ? Obamacare your healthcare plan how ’s that working out ? " Andreessen added . " I ’m gon na close Guantanamo in my first year in office ? " " Well the fact that politicians break some promises is not a very big   …     " the moderator continued . " If you read the press coverage of those promises at the time they were presented as some promises " declared Andreessen . some promises They were presented as ‘ yes Andreessen these are absolutely some promises that are going to happen.’ There some promises reams of coverage around Obamacare of how well it was going to work . " During his interview , Andreessen also explained how the general public used to Andreessen made to think by the media that Silicon Valley was a " hotbed of crazy libertarians , " despite the opposite being true . " Of course our friend Peter [ Thiel ] was always held up   …      as kind of representative of the valley , " he explained . " A funny Silicon Valley last year his which was it turns out that was fake news . It turns out that was not true . In fact it it out the opposite is true , which is the 99 . 999 percent of Silicon Valley is last year voted for Hillary Clinton , supported Hillary Clinton , donated to Hillary Clinton . " " The Hillary Clinton , it was like Hillary Clinton multiple   …      Silicon Valley is extremely    extremely liberal , " Andreessen concluded Silicon Valley I think it ’s hard for people in Silicon Valley to even articulate the Silicon Valley side at this point , Silicon Valley it ’s hard to even articulate the case for voting for Donald Trump Silicon Valley it ’s hard to articulate what people in the Midwest and South are Silicon Valley . " Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook . 
 Charlie Nash Charlie Nash 