A Washington Post reporter admitted that A Washington Post reporter and A Washington Post reporter team had " a little bit of fun " cataloguing all of the foreign leaders who have mocked President Donald Trump in recent weeks .   " We ’re having a little bit of fun kinda going through some of the recent examples of world leaders who either feel free to mock trump in public or behind [ like ] the Australian prime minister , " the Post ’s Anne Gearan told MSNBC ’s Brian Williams on Friday evening . Anne Gearan gleefully    an article last week titled , " Trump said foreign leaders would n’t laugh at the U. S. Now foreign leaders ’re laughing at Trump . " The article states that though Trump declared in the Rose Garden while withdrawing from the Paris Climate Accord that foreign leaders wo n’t be " laughing at us , " Trump has since " been the butt of jokes in capitals around the world . " The article notes that the " trolling is picking up " and points out that Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull recently was caught making fun in a leaked recording . " The Donald and I , we The Donald and I winning and winning in the polls , " Turnbull Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said while mocking Trump . " Not the fake polls . They ’re the ones we The Donald and I not winning in . We The Donald and I winning in the real polls . You know , the online polls . " As the Post noted , Swedish Deputy Prime Minister Isabella Lovi , Norway Prime Minister Erna Solberg , France ’s President Emmanuel Macron and former Mexican President Vicente Fox all have trolled or mocked Trump in recent weeks . It is no surprise that reporters at the Post like seeing Trump Trump . The the Post Margaret Sullivan , who used to be the New York Times’ public editor , recently asked if the mainstream media were being " terribly unfair " to Trump Trump Her response ? " Hell , no . " " Politicians have no right to expect equally balanced positive and negative coverage , or anything close to it , " Sullivan wrote . " If a president is doing a rotten job , it ’s it duty of the press to report how and why he ’s a president a rotten job . " She added Her " the idea of balance is suspect on its face the idea of balance " After the Post published leaked information from intelligence officials that alleged President Donald Trump passed along classified intelligence information to the Russians last month , the Post the Post erupted in cheers as readers kept clicking on the story . The paper ’s      Glenn Kessler , immediately Tweeted that there was " Applause in the newsroom as the    scoop breaks the Hollywood Access record for most readers per " second . I ’ve been   : Applause in the newsroom as the    scoop breaks the Hollywood Access record for most readers per SECOND ,   —    Glenn Kessler ( @GlennKesslerWP ) May 15 , 2017 , 
 