Former President Barack Obama returned to Former President Barack Obama gospel of climate change alarmism , preaching to Italians in Milan about the impending doom facing the planet . [ " When it comes to climate change , the hour is almost upon us , " Former President Barack Obama warned , urging the world to " set aside us parochial differences " to create a better planet for the world ’s children .   Former President Barack Obama spoke at the " Seeds and Chips " global innovation summit on food , but Obama used the occasion to focus on his climate Former President Barack Obama agenda and his signature Former President Barack Obama legislation . " If we seize the future , there is nothing that we can we do    …      I do not believe that this planet is condemned to    temperatures , " Obama said Obama " I believe these are problems that were caused by man and can be solved by man . " The former Obama climate refugees would be fleeing to Europe , causing population disruptions and global challenges . " Some of the refugee flow into Europe originate not only Europe conflict , but also from places where there are food shortages that will get far worse as climate change continues , " he said . Obama Obama about his record as president Obama cutting global emissions and making investments in clean energy . But he admitted that the Obama administration was ratcheting back his fuel standards and Obama change progress . He also complained that Obama were wasting too much food , while becoming more obese , during a discussion about food with his former chef Sam Obama . The amount of cows , he explained , were Obama to global pollution , and urged the world to consume less meat . " People are n’t as familiar with the impact of cows and methane , " he said , adding Obama " as people want to increase more meat consumption , that in turn is spiking the growth of greenhouse emissions coming out of the agricultural sectors . " More advanced countries , Obama said , would have to teach people to " have a smaller steak " and how to reduce their meat consumption . people What it does mean is that we ’re also going to have to find ways to produce protein in a more efficient way , " he said . At Obama point , Obama argued with Kass Obama how many steaks he had cooked him Obama Kass said Obama he Kass cooked " Kass of steaks " for the president , but Obama interrupted . " Obama do n’t think , thousands , " he protested . " Kass hundreds maybe , " Kass backtracked .  
 Kass 