JERUSALEM   —    On the tarmac of Israel ’s    Airport , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu expressed Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu hope to President Donald Trump that one day an Israeli head of government will be able to visit Saudi Arabia . [ " Mr . President , you just flew from Riyadh to Tel Aviv , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told President Donald Trump at the airport ceremony marking the president ’s arrival in Israel . " I hope that one day an Israeli prime minister can fly from Tel Aviv to Riyadh . "   Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu praised President Donald Trump for delivering " a forceful speech on terrorism and extremism , " in which Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu " called on forces of civilization to confront the forces of barbarism " during Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visit to the Gulf kingdom . " For 69 years , Israel has been doing just that , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu continued . " We Israel manned the front lines of civilization . " " In doing so we Israel protected all faiths , Muslims , Christians , everyone , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said . " Israel Israel hand is extended in peace to all our neighbors , including the Palestinians , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu continued . " The peace we seek is a genuine one , in which the Israel recognized , security remains in Israel ’s hands Israel the conflict ends once and for all . " Trump said that during his visit to Saudi Trump , he met with King Trump and " reached a historic agreement to pursue greater and greater [ cooperation ] against terrorism . " On Sunday , Breitbart Jerusalem reported that several Israeli journalists with American citizenship were refused visas for Saudi Arabia despite having Saudi Arabia to travel on the press plane accompanying Air Force One to the Gulf state . One of them , Channel 10 ’s several Israeli journalists with American citizenship Tamary , noted that the move runs counter to the increasingly popular view that the kingdom ’s hostility toward Israel is thawing . " Everyone is saying that the Saudis are changing , but when a reporter for an Israeli outlet wants to join the U. S. president ’s press corps , he is not allowed on a reporter for an Israeli outlet plane , " he said . 
 a reporter for an Israeli outlet 