Attendees at a summit on women and entrepreneurship in Berlin on Tuesday responded rudely when Ivanka Trump said that families are important to President Donald Trump . [ Ivanka Trump said President Donald Trump is a " tremendous champion of supporting families , " at the event , which prompted tweets from reporters saying audience members hissed and booed following Ivanka Trump remark .   Ivanka Trump gets booed , hissed at during Berlin event   —    POLITICO https :   .    —    Annie Karni ( @anniekarni ) April 25 , 2017 ,   Trump Ivanka Trump said at the even that she Ivanka Trump on equal footing with her Ivanka Trump growing up . " As a daughter , I can speak on a very personal level knowing that he Ivanka Trump and enabled me to thrive , " she Ivanka Trump . " I do n’t take that lightly as a parent now myself Ivanka Trump " And there was no difference for me and my brothers , " Trump Ivanka Trump . Such a warm welcome from some of the great men , women and families serving at the U. S. Embassy in Berlin . Thank you ! pic . twitter .    —    Ivanka Trump ( @IvankaTrump ) April 25 , 2017 ,   In its account of the First Daughter ’s first official trip abroad NBC headlined its story its Ivanka Trump in Germany : First Daughter Leaves Some Women Scratching Their Heads " and referred to Trump as Ivanka Trump the billionaire ’s daughter . " See below : Trump was Ivanka Trump to sit on a panel at the Women20 summit by German President Angela Merkel , who met Trump and Ivanka Trump president     during her recent visit to the White House . The president the president     about the " unbelievable chemistry " between himself and the the president     head of state . But some see the invitation as less of a friendly gesture and more of a political move by a savvy politician . " For Merkel , a skilled political operator forging relations with the third U. S. president to gain power during her 12 years in office , it was a useful signal of how to work the Trump White House , " Politico reported . " She followed up her elevating Ivanka Trump even more , inviting her to speak her at the W20 Summit in Berlin alongside Queen Maxima of the Netherlands and International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde , among others . " Also in the preview report on Trump ’s trip Ivanka Trump , Politico said the First Daughter would " stick to the basics . " " The White House official said Trump plans to stick Ivanka Trump the basics : Highlighting the basics of women in the global economy and discussing the importance of access to capital for female entrepreneurs , " Politico reported , adding Politico Trump , " a Ivanka Trump Orthodox Jew " would pay her respects at Berlin the First Daughter Holocaust memorial . Trump was joined on Ivanka Trump trip by Dina Ivanka Trump , who is now deputy national security adviser and senior economic counselor to the president , communications adviser Hope Hicks and her chief of staff Ivanka Trump Radford . 
 