Speaking at a rally in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , Saturday President Donald Trump discussed the severe decline in illegal immigration under Saturday President Donald Trump presidency . [ Following Saturday President Donald Trump assurance that a wall would be constructed along the Mexican border , Saturday President Donald Trump spoke over chants of " build that a wall " saying " we have done so well at the border the Mexican border lot of people are saying , wow , maybe the Saturday President Donald Trump n’t need the wall . a wall continued Saturday President Donald Trump " we need the wall to we a wall and human trafficking . We need the wall . In we a wall , we have taken historic steps to secure we border , imposed needed immigration control we have never seen before " said President Trump .   He continued , " [ We have ] President Trump screened and vetted those we admission into our country . They are going to come in because they those seeking admission into our country our country . We are not those seeking admission into our country them our country We we operating on a those seeking admission into our country simple principle we our immigration system should put the needs of we workers , American families , American companies , and American citizens first . " The crowd cheered as Trump continued , " I have appointed a great military general , John Kelly , to lead the Department of Homeland Security . " President Trump then outlined one of his many achievements Trump election , " since my Trump , we have Trump achieved an unprecedented 73 percent reduction in illegal crossing on our southern border . The greatest reduction in the history we our country , and we just started . The world is getting the message our if you try to illegally enter the United States , you will be caught , detained , deported , or put in prison , and it will happen . " Trump ’s comments on the decline in illegal immigration were corroborated by Politifact earlier this month , his statements on the issue receiving a " True " Trump . The website states , " Trump said illegal immigration on Politifact S.   border Trump ‘ the lowest in 17 years.’ Border Patrol data support Trump ’s claim . In March , Border Patrol recorded Trump 193 apprehensions at the Southwest border , the lowest in at least 17 years . " " As I campaigned across the nation , " said Trump , continuing his speech , " I met with the Trump mothers and Trump of children who had been killed , viciously killed , violently killed by illegal immigrants , and I made them a promise . We will protect American lives . Your family the grieving mothers and fathers of children who had been killed will not have died in vain . " The crowd erupted into applause and were quieted by Trump , " last week , we opened an office to Trump the victims of immigration crime called We to make sure that no American victim is ever again ignored . It ’s not going to happen . " The event has since no American victim , but a full live stream can be seen below : Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan or email him at lnolan@breitbart . com 
 Lucas Nolan Lucas Nolan 