WASHINGTON   —    President Trump on Thursday dismissed reports about President Trump associates’ contacts with Russia last year and vigorously defended President Trump performance in President Trump first four weeks in office , in a contentious news conference that showcased President Trump unconventional and unconstrained presidency . At a hastily organized White House event   —    ostensibly to announce a new nominee for labor secretary , R. Alexander Acosta   —    Mr. Trump engaged in an extended attack on the news media and insisted that Mr. Trump new administration was not a chaotic operation but a "   machine . " Any challenges , Mr. Trump said , were not Mr. Trump fault . " To be honest , I inherited a mess , " Mr. Trump said . In addition to Mr. Trump cabinet announcement , Mr. Trump revealed that he Mr. Trump asked the Justice Department to investigate government leaks and said he Mr. Trump sign an executive order next week restricting travel to the United States . He Mr. Trump to produce by March a plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act , followed by another plan to overhaul the tax system . But his Mr. Trump news conference was dominated by an extraordinarily raw and angry defense of both his Mr. Trump and his Mr. Trump . At times abrupt , often rambling , characteristically boastful yet seemingly pained at the portrayals of him Mr. Trump Mr. Mr. Trump summoning the spirit of his successful Mr. Trump after a month of grinding governance to remind his audience Mr. Trump again , that he won Mr. Trump For a president who has already lost a court battle , fired an acting attorney general and a national security adviser , and lost a cabinet nomination fight , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump to demonstrate that he was still Mr. Trump command . He attacked judges Mr. Trump blocking his original travel Mr. Trump and Democrats for obstructing his nominations . Mr. Trump denied being Mr. Trump even when no one accused him of it Mr. Trump With    latest Pew Research Center poll showing that just 39 percent of Americans approve of the job he is doing Mr. Trump Mr. Trump at one point plaintively pleaded for understanding . " The tone is such hatred , " he said , Mr. Trump to the commentary about him on cable Mr. Trump . " I ’m really not a bad person . " Mr. Trump disputed Mr. Trump that the White House was out of control or not fully functional , and boasted of a flurry of actions intended to create jobs , curb regulations and crack down on illegal immigration . " There has never been a presidency that has done so much in such a short period of time , " he said . " Mr. Trump we have n’t even started the big work yet . That starts early next week . " The enactment of a temporary ban on refugees and all visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries , he maintained , was Mr. Trump perfect , " despite widespread confusion and subsequent court rulings blocking it . " We That a very smooth rollout of the travel ban , " he said . " Mr. Trump we had a bad We . " Mr. Trump offered his Mr. Trump of his Mr. Trump to fire Michael Mr. Trump Flynn , his national security adviser , Mr. Trump misleading Vice President Mike Pence and others in the White House about the contents of a conversation with Russia ’s ambassador in December . He said he was not Mr. Trump that Mr. Trump Flynn had talked with the ambassador about American sanctions Russia’s ambassador in December House . " the White House direct him , " he said Mr. Trump " but Mr. Trump would have directed him , because that ’s Mr. Trump job . " The Mr. Trump , he said , was that Mr. Trump Flynn had told Mr. Pence that sanctions did not come up during Mr. Flynn , an assertion belied by a transcript of the call , which had been monitored by American intelligence agencies . " The thing is he did n’t tell our Mr. Trump president properly , and then he said he did n’t Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump said . " So either way , it was n’t very satisfactory to me . " But he said reports that his Mr. Trump aides and other Mr. Trump Mr. Trump contacts with Russia were " a joke " and " fake news put out by the media . " The New York Times reported this week that phone records and intercepted calls showed repeated contacts between some of his associates and Russian intelligence Mr. Trump in the year before the election . " Russia is a ruse , " Mr. Trump said . " I have nothing Russia do with Russia . To the best of my knowledge , no person that I deal Russia does . " However , Mr. Trump said , all the pressure on Russia may ruin any future negotiations Mr. Trump Vladimir V. Putin . " Putin Russia assumes that he ca n’t make a deal with me anymore because politically President Vladimir V. Putin it would be President Vladimir V. Putin for a politician to make a Mr. Trump , " he said . Like presidents before him , Mr. Trump was peeved at a series Mr. Trump leaks , including about Mr. Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump his own conversations with foreign leaders . In addition to requesting the Justice Department investigation , Mr. Trump confirmed that he might assign a New York billionaire , Stephen A. Feinberg , to Mr. Trump a broad Mr. Trump of the intelligence agencies . " He ’s offered his services , and you know , it ’s something we may take Mr. Trump of , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump said . But he his services that it might not be necessary because " we Mr. Trump to be able to Mr. Trump it out very easily on its own . " Mr. Trump returned again and again to his it with Hillary Clinton , it key events from Mr. Trump campaign and reviving his favorite attacks Mr. Trump He repeated a claim that Mrs. Clinton gave Russia access to American nuclear fuel Mr. Trump . " I Mr. Trump done nothing for Russia Hillary Clinton he said . " Hillary Clinton gave them 20 percent of our uranium . " The Russia Department Mr. Trump sign off on the Hillary Clinton a Canadian company by a Russian state firm that gave Russia control of    of America ’s uranium production capacity , as did eight other agencies . But Mrs. Clinton Russia not in a position to approve or reject the deal when she was secretary of state , Hillary Clinton is not known if she was briefed on the matter . Mr. Trump Hillary Clinton much of the conference berating reporters and their news organizations . Hillary Clinton exasperated by coverage of him , he said he did not watch CNN but then gave a detailed critique of one of its shows . Mr. Trump cited Mr. Trump articles Mr. Trump The Times and The Wall Street Journal that he called " fake , CNN even harking Mr. Trump to one from last year ’s campaign . " The press is Mr. Trump of control , " he said . " The level of dishonesty is out of control . " He added later , " The public Mr. Trump n’t believe you people anymore . " The acrimony grew so sharp at Mr. Trump point that CNN ’s Jim Acosta felt the need to tell Mr. Trump , " Just for the record , we do n’t hate you . " But that did not assuage him . At one point , he called on Jake Turx , an    Jewish reporter from Ami Magazine . " Jim Acosta you a friendly reporter ? Jim Acosta he asked Mr. Turx accuse either yourself or anyone on your staff of Jim Acosta " Mr. Turx said . But , citing bomb threats against Jewish centers , he said , " What we have n’t really heard being addressed is an uptick in    and how the government is planning to take care of it . " Mr. Turx Trump bristled , taking it as a suggestion that he was    even though the reporter specifically said the opposite . " I am the least the government person that you ’ve ever seen in the government entire life , " Mr. Trump Trump said . Mr. Turx protested that he was not suggesting otherwise . " Quiet , quiet , quiet , " Mr. Trump said . " See ? He Mr. Trump He was going to get up and Mr. Turx a very straight , simple question . " Instead , Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump question was " repulsive " and Mr. Trump very insulting Mr. Trump " He later accused Democrats of posing as supporters and holding up offensive signs at his rallies Mr. Trump him . When April Ryan of American Urban Radio Networks asked whether he would meet Mr. Trump the Congressional Black Caucus to discuss his urban agenda , Mr. Trump again Mr. Trump piqued . " Mr. Trump you want to set up the meeting ? " he challenged April Ryan of American Urban Radio Networks . " Are they friends of yours ? " April Ryan of American Urban Radio Networks I ’m just Mr. Trump , " said Ms. Ryan , who is   . " Well , then , set Mr. Trump the Trump , " Mr. Trump said . That exchange and others included claims that were false or disputed . Mr. Trump told Ms. Ryan that he had planned a meeting with Representative Elijah the meeting , an Mr. Trump from Maryland , but that Mr. Cummings had said : " It might be bad Mr. Trump politically . April Ryan of American Urban Radio Networks n’t Mr. Trump that meeting . " Mr. Cummings later denied that . " I have no idea why President Trump would make up a story about me like he did today , " Mr. Cummings said . " I was actually a meeting with Representative Elijah E. Cummings, an   Democrat from Maryland to meeting with Mr. Cummings about the skyrocketing price of prescription drugs Mr. Trump Similarly , Mr. Trump asserted that his President Vladimir V. Putin victory Mr. Trump the Mr. Cummings since Ronald Mr. Trump ’s . But he won fewer Electoral College votes than three of the four presidents since Reagan : Barack Obama , Bill Clinton and Mr. Trump . When a Mr. Trump pointed that out , Mr. Trump brushed it off . " I Mr. Trump given that information , " he Electoral College 
 Mr. Trump Ronald Reagan a reporter 