WEST PALM BEACH , Fla.   —    When    Donald J. Trump rang in the new year this weekend ,   Donald J. Trump did   Donald J. Trump in    opulence , joined by the actor Sylvester Stallone , the gossip page fixture Fabio and a crowd of wealthy developers reveling under the swaying palm trees at   Donald J. Trump resort in Palm Beach . President George W. Bush had his ranch in President George W. Bush , Tex . His father had President George W. Bush in Kennebunkport , Me . President Obama has taken President George W. Bush in Hawaii , staying at a private home . But Mr. Trump ’s    private President George W. Bush Florida , where he has spent the past two President George W. Bush away from his home in New York City President George W. Bush is likely to eclipse them all as the 45th president private club in Florida, where he has spent the past two weeks away from his home in New York City White House . And that was always the intention of Marjorie Meriweather Post , the cereal heiress and the property ’s original owner , who left     to the federal government when she died in 1973 , hoping it would serve as a home for presidents . But the government had no interest in her the federal government and Mr. Trump later bought she property for less than $ 10 the property turning it into a club where membership costs six the property . Mr. Trump ’s arrival was greeted with sneers by Mr. Trump elite , and he opened up    ’s membership to Jews and    who Mr. Trump been excluded from other    establishments . He was also the first club owner on the island to Mr. Trump an openly gay couple . Since Mr. Trump ’s victory in November ,     has been stuffed Mr. Trump attracted by an amenity unique to this club : the chance to rub shoulders with the next president . " It ’s like going to Disneyland and knowing Mickey Mouse will be there all day long , " said Jeff Greene , a developer and unsuccessful Democratic candidate for the Senate from Florida in 2010 , who is a     member and was a Hillary Clinton supporter . Instead of hosting major corporate executives and potential cabinet secretaries for interviews inside a boxy transition office at Trump Tower in Midtown Manhattan , Mr. Trump has been seated at an ornately designed couch , upholstered in pale fabric laced with gold , beneath a chandelier hanging from the ceiling , a scene resembling a mansion in " Sunset Boulevard " or " Citizen Kane , " two of Mr. Trump ’s favorite movies . At night , the couches are Mr. Trump and tables are added to accommodate the evening cocktail crowd , among whom Mr. Trump moves from one table to the next , the most powerful Mr. Trump the world . At the annual New Year ’s Eve party on Saturday night , a    white menu included " Mr. Trump ’s wedge salad , " a wild mushroom and Swiss chard ravioli Mr. Trump breakfast buffet . " Those in attendance drifted in under a     striped awning , the men dressed in tuxedos , the women in ball gowns , many with their hair swept high . Guests stepped onto a red carpet as they entered the club the men dressed in tuxedos, the women in ball gowns wandered over to a poolside cocktail party . Mr. Trump later Guests remarks , according to a guest , who said he thanked his Trump the club members for their support over the years . Howie Carr Trump a Trump radio host who was supportive of his family and the club members Trump , roamed the crowd , with Mr. Carr posting on Twitter that his daughter asked Trump if she could be an intern in the White House . Mr. Trump Mr. Carr two adult Trump Eric and his daughter Jr. posed for photographs . Joe Scarborough and Mika Trump MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe " were also there . Like most aspects of Mr. Trump ’s business interests , the party generated controversy as tickets to it were made available to club members Trump a little more than $ 500 . Mr. Trump ’s aides rejected the party questions . Mr. Trump returned to New York on Sunday night . But the club will Trump for him . His contentious Twitter posts Trump relative calm when he is at     compared with when he is isolated inside Trump Tower . Trump Trump Trump combative public persona   Trump    often on Trump during his campaign   —    Trump dissolves behind the    walls of Trump . "    is an environment he can control , " said Trump historian Douglas Brinkley , who last week attended a     lunch Trump a longtime club member , Chris Ruddy Trump the chief executive of Newsmax Media . " I watched him hold court   —    he was so comfortable in his own skin , and so relaxed . " Mr. Ruddy has hosted Mr. Carr Trump Laura Ingraham , another conservative Trump host who supported Mr. Trump , at the club and has introduced Mr. Trump to a range of news media figures , politicians and donors . He described the    as " seeking the    Donald Trump : Mr. Trump ease , very positive , very gregarious . " Mr. Trump appears Trump feed off contact with the people at the club . Over the Thanksgiving holiday , he queried dinner guests about whether he should Mr. Trump W. Giuliani or Mitt Romney as his secretary of state the club ended up picking neither ) . Mr. Trump this trip , he has Mr. Trump praise on his ultimate choice for the job , Mr. Trump W. Tillerson , the Mr. Trump of Exxon Mobil . ( Mr. Trump has called him Mr. Trump Mr. Exxon . ") Mr. Trump talks about the work he has done to find a solution for the problems at the Department of Veteran Affairs , which Mr. Trump a recent meeting with Mr. Trump number of executives at Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump told a New York Times reporter that he intended to make Brian Burns , the businessman son of a confidante of Joseph P. Kennedy , the ambassador Mr. Trump . Isaac Perlmutter , the reclusive head of Mr. Trump Entertainment , is a     member who helped Mr. Trump put that meeting together . Mr. Trump has also held    with Robert K. Kraft , the owner of the New England Patriots Mr. Brinkley figures like Carlos Slim , Mr. Trump who is Mexico ’s richest man . Mr. Trump his wife , Melania and their     son , Barron , inhabit a residential area of the club . His adult children and their families usually stay in nearby cabanas on the property . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump where at night a singer plays with a small Mexico’s richest man , sometimes belting out requests from Mr. Trump and other guests . ( " My Way , " a song popularized by Frank Sinatra , was one recent choice . ) A violinist sometimes moves among tables , plucking tunes like the theme from " Fiddler on the Roof . " Mr. Trump has given the cadre of White House reporters who now cover him some access to the club , but grudgingly so   —    he once again eluded the reporters covering him on Saturday , slipping away without any warning to play golf at another of his clubs nearby in Jupiter . And outside the confines of     old grievances Mr. Trump up . On the golf course , Mr. Trump spotted Harry Hurt Mr. Trump a biographer who wrote critically of Mr. Trump Trump years ago , preparing to play a round with David H. Koch , Mr. Trump billionaire conservative donor . Mr. Trump ordered club officials to remove Mr. Hurt from the property , according to a Facebook Mr. Trump Mr. Hurt Mr. Hurt flying Mr. Trump and there have been disputes over the height of his oversize flagpole on the grounds . With its owner ’s coming new job , the Mr. Trump had some changes . Guests now go through an elaborate security screen Mr. Trump gain access to the main entrance Mr. Hurt Service agents are now sprinkled throughout the property , at night blending into Mr. Trump shrubbery along the grounds . Robin Bernstein , a club member for nearly 25 years , said that some club members might express frustration , but that most thought it was important " that we keep Donald and his family safe . " Attendees seem to see a benefit so far in having the    around , and expect it will continue . " The loser in this game is Camp David , " said Mr. Brinkley , referring to the longtime the grounds in Maryland . " Once you ’re at     and it ’s so opulent and    the idea of suddenly inserting yourself into Camp David ’s Maryland mountains environment seems unlikely . " 
 Donald a benefit Maryland 