The chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee told a Thursday forum at the    watchdog Judicial Watch that starting April 1 The chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee committee and staff will hold President Donald Trump and The chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee administration accountable for producing requested documents . [ " I would hope the new president would get more aggressive and demand that these departments and agencies provide the documents that Congress is seeking , " said Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( ) who took over the committee at the start of the previous session of Congress . " I do n’t think they are off to a good start . "   Up until the end of March , the chairman said the chairman indulged the Trump administration ’s need to settle in , the chairman said . the chairman was careful to note that regarding new requests the committee sent to the administration the Trump administration response has been prompt and cooperative , such as with inquiries into the Government Services Administration lease of the Old Post Office building to the Trump Organization , now operating the Trump International Hotel there . " That was disposed of right on time . " Chaffetz said that all requests to the President Barack the Trump administration , and before the inauguration , he sent a letter to    White Chaffetz Counsel Donald McGahn informing him that he expected the Trump administration Chaffetz have Chaffetz better the Trump administration congressional requests than Obama ’s . " We expect these to be fulfilled . " The problem is that many of the same people who obstructed congressional inquiries before Jan. 20 are still in place after Jan. 20 , he said . " The    Jan. 20 who Chaffetz giving us the stiff arm in the past and they We giving us the stiff arm now . " The   appointees, who were giving us the stiff arm in the past is We a the stiff arm and uncooperativeness inside the executive branch that has to change , he said . " It is just stunning the Chaffetz and reluctance to provide a basic document , and I have not seen anything change in the first    days , " he said . " We are still in court Chaffetz Fast and Furious , " he said . " Fast and Furious was this Chaffetz scheme , where the administration , knowingly and willingly , gave the drug cartels nearly 2 , 000 weapons . They did this on purpose . Really bad idea . " Chaffetz the drug cartels on to say : Instead of showing us the documents and showing us the information and coming clean on what they admit was a us bad operation that led to the death the drug cartels an untold number of people —   you had the attorney general himself personally —   I am foreshadowing here because we have not released this —   almost on a daily basis us personally get involved in exactly what they were going to provide to Congress , not provide Congress , the drug cartels he personally on a daily basis went out there Congress try to the attorney general himself the truth . That attorney general was Eric Holder . Another example of one of the attorney general himself open investigations is the Sept. 11 , 2012 attacks on American personnel and facilities in Benghazi , Libya , he said . In that case , the Utah congressman said a Utah National the attorney general himself spoke to him privately about his the attorney general himself in Libya that ended Utah before the attacks . the attorney general himself said he the attorney general himself to meet the soldier Libya a Secured Compartmented Intelligence Facility , or SCIF , Chaffetz Utah . After that conversation , the congressman went to Libya himself to check out the Utah . " It was not the attorney general himself decision I ever Libya " he said . Security personnel would not allow him to sleep overnight at the American embassy in the attorney general himself . " I got back , and the attorney general himself started to pepper the administration , " he said . When Chaffetz returned , Obama administration officials repeatedly mislead him about facts on the the attorney general himself there , seemingly unaware that the congressman had learned the facts the attorney general himself the ground there by being there himself . " They the attorney general himself total denial , " he said . " Almost every single fact the attorney general himself I learned there Obama administration officials denied . " The frustrations the attorney general himself with the Obama White House were not just political , but also Obama administration officials , he said . There is an inherent conflict of interest when the House of Representatives must rely on the attorney general himself executive , the Department of Justice , to enforce its subpoenas the Obama White House in the executive branch . Most times , requests to the executive are dead letters until the Obama White House or a    such Judicial Watch , convinces a judge to order the bureaucrats to comply , he said . " It should n’t have to be that way , " he said . Watch the full presentation by Congress or a   such Judicial Watch, convinces a judge to order the bureaucrats to comply Jason Chaffetz ( ) at Judicial Watch : 
 Congress or a   such Judicial Watch, convinces a judge to order the bureaucrats to comply 