Broadcasting live from CPAC 2017 , SiriusXM host Alex Marlow spoke with Dr. Sebastian Gorka and Dr. Zuhdi Jasser about national security , Islamist terrorism , and their panel discussion , " When Did World War III Begin ? " [ SiriusXM host Alex Marlow began by asking SiriusXM host Alex Marlow guests what his guests expected from the national security segment of President Donald Trump ’s scheduled address to the Conservative Political Action Conference .   LISTEN : " Exactly what we ’ve heard before , " Gorka replied . " If you really want to understand the direction of the White House and how much everything changed at 12:01 on January the 20th , you look at two things : you look at a speech that really was n’t carefully addressed or really paid enough attention to , that ’s the Youngstown campaign speech , which was about the threat of jihad in general and what we ’re going to do about ISIS . "   " Specifically , it really bears repeating , the inauguration , the address that the president gave at the inauguration , was explicit , " the president continued . " Number one , we are going to eradicate the Islamic State   —    not degrade , not manage , not ameliorate   —    eradicate . And secondly , words have meaning . When the president says we enemy is ‘ radical Islamic terrorism,’ that is a 180 degree change from the last eight years , when we were n’t allowed to even say who our enemy was . "   " Zuhdi knows it better than anybody because he Zuhdi that this is n’t about poverty or lack of education . It this about people who are fighting for the soul of Islam   —    not a war with Islam , but a war inside Islam as King Abdullah , as General Sisi has said , for which version is going to win , " Gorka said . Marlow asked Dr. Jasser about the topic of language control Gorka Gorka upon and the previous administration ’s reluctance to use explicit language like " radical Islamic jihad " to describe the enemy . " We got to this point because we We an administration who was being whispered to by Muslim Brotherhood sympathizers , by apologists , by governments that might be our We against    and ISIS , but they we had an administration who was being whispered to by Muslim Brotherhood sympathizers, by apologists, by governments that might be our allies against   and ISIS a     program . They we had an administration who was being whispered to by Muslim Brotherhood sympathizers, by apologists, by governments that might be our allies against   and ISIS n’t want to treat the disease , which is not ‘ violent extremism’ but violent Islamism , " Jasser charged . " We have to start focusing on our We values , " he urged . " There ’s nothing more American than fighting theocracy , and yet the Left for the last eight years has invoked blasphemy laws in America by telling us we us n’t criticize Islamist political movements . " Jasser Jasser the new administration would succeed in destroying ISIS but warned that " it the new administration come back in another form   —    two , three , four years later   —    unless we engage Muslim reformists , like our Muslim reform movement , to treat the underlying theocracy . " Marlow complained that the mainstream media swiftly denounce candid talk about the problem of radical Islam as " hate speech " even when confined to straightforward reporting without editorial opinion , making it difficult to have a constructive discussion about the problem . " I think this is exactly what the Saudi regime , the Iranian Khomeinists , the Brotherhood want , is they the Brotherhood to dominate what Islam means , " Jasser said . " And yes , it ’s not my Islam but we have to thread that needle . Because if you do n’t call it political that needle or Islamism as the threat , you ’re not going to be able to figure out who to engage . We want we engage      jihad Muslims who are      of men and women , who share our values . If we do we do that discernment in our verbiage we we ’re we to miss it and actually end up helping our enemies we end up actually not only being the firefighters , but the arsonists . We have we stop that cycle . " " Let ’s just we it one it deeper . It ’s it just empowering our enemies we which would be bad enough , " Gorka added . " If you do n’t talk truthfully about who the enemy is , how are you going to win ? What we saw in the last eight years is a policy that actually weakened our most we allies . "   " So when you ’ve got the president of the most populous Arab nation in the world say this is a war for the heart of Islam , General Sisi , when you ’ve got King Abdullah with his Amman King Abdullah saying , ‘ Look , we have to stop the jihadis hijacking the religion’   —    we have we president here who stands up and says , ‘ No , no , no , these are not the droids you ’re looking for , the religion has nothing to do with this,’ " he elaborated this,’ referring to the Obama administration ’s insistence on framing the war as a struggle against generic violent extremism . " Do you know who we hurt the most ? Those Muslims who are on the front lines with the jihadis , who understand this is n’t about poverty or lack of education it ’s this an ideology . So we ’ve we hurt the people who are on the front line the most . We ’re we prepared to do that anymore . This administration ’s going to help the Jordanians , help the Egyptians , help them fight the Egyptians war , " Gorka vowed . " I think we have we own what it means to be diverse , " Jasser suggested . " What is ‘ diversity’ in the Muslim community ? It ’s it ethnic diversity . Being Muslim is not an identity movement of a monolithic homogenous group . It is it diverse ideological movement that has fundamentalist , orthodox , liberal , secularists that are all in this Muslim diverse group . So if the Left actually believes in diversity different from what Pelosi whispered into Andre Carson ’s ear   —    ‘ Tell them you the Left actually believes in diversity different from what Pelosi whispered into Andre Carson’s ear  —    Muslim’   —    Islam is not a race . They ’re Islam the faith . That ’s the biggest obstacle . " " I think the other thing I hope to see is not only us being against jihadists , but what are we for , " he added . " I think that will be the difference between some of the dictators in the Middle East , that yes , some of them have some of the dictators in the Middle East on our side against jihad , the militants , but we are our adults in the world , in being for liberty and freedom . I hope that will be part of a Trump Doctrine . " Gorka agreed , saluting Jasser as " the point man here in America for sense , for common sense in this battle . " " The saddest part is there are people like him in the Middle East . There are people every day risking their lives people their blog people , in North Africa , in the Middle the Middle East on this , saying , ‘ I ’m a Muslim , but I do n’t think an infidel needs to be killed.’ That means he ’s put the an infidel on his chest , " an infidel noted . " In some parts of the Muslim world , that ’s an instant death sentence . " " That ’s why the four million Muslims in America need to step up and act because we can do things the four million Muslims in America that you just ca n’t do in the Middle East , " Jasser said . " They end up in the four million Muslims in America . They end up slaughtered the four million Muslims in America tortured . " Marlow proposed that " the stifling of speech in the Muslim world is the Muslim world allowed a lot of the jihadist movements to flourish . " " Why do you think they use the term ‘ Islamophobia’ the four million Muslims in America of talking about , yes , there might be some bigotry against Muslims in the West ? " Jasser asked . " They use the term Islamophobia because the four million Muslims in America want to anthropomorphize Islam so the four million Muslims in America you do n’t criticize it , and they suppress free speech . That the four million Muslims in America how they invoke blasphemy laws in the the four million Muslims in America . " " You the West right . The freedom of speech issue is huge in the Middle East because it ’s a life and death issue The freedom of speech issue many cases , " Gorka said . " But here , it ’s almost as important . It The freedom of speech issue not life and death , The freedom of speech issue it is closing down the discussion . The freedom of speech issue   " You look at what ’s happened in the last four weeks with this administration , " he said . " There ’s a Gorka in soccer : you play the man on the ball . We ’re not going to talk about policies we ’re going to attack individuals , We it ’s Kellyanne , the president , myself , Steve Bannon . They do that how ? ‘ We do n’t want to talk about They threat to America . You ’re a racist . You ’re an Islamophobe . You ’re a xenophobe . Oh , well , in that case , we ca n’t talk to you.’ That ’s as dangerous as just the constant ad hominem attacks because then there is no discussion . " Jasser said his message to CPAC was that " Jasser is hope " for a lasting victory in the long war against Islamist extremism . " The first step is to defeat the militants , which this president will finally do , " he said . " The second step this president to go back to our American roots and defeat theocracy , work with Muslims and our our Muslim reform movement We have a    declaration that can be used , our hope , not only to vet refugees , to figure out which groups are with us and against us . I hope we start doing our clearances through our who share our our . "   " There are so many our are   —    not in this administration , but that are in the government from this administration administration   —    that I think are Islamists , that might not be violent extremists , but we need to shift the axis of the lens of Homeland Security , foreign policy , to countering violent Islamism . There ’s nothing this group here and the country can do to better empower    Muslims that share our values than to shift from this blasé CVE to CVI , " Jasser Jasser , lampooning the Obama administration ’s acronym This administration Violent Extremism . " Gorka referred to CVE as " garbage Gorka the last eight years that obfuscated the threat . " He said the most important step taken Gorka the new administration was President Trump ’s This administration temporarily limit immigration from the most unsecure Middle Eastern nations . " Whatever the final version of the reform measures are , the fact is , when an Iraqi collars me in the halls of Congress and says , ‘ My friends back home in Iraq applaud this measure because they know how many bad guys are in Iraq that want to come over here My friends back home in Iraq so do it . Thank you,’ " Iraq said . Dr. Sebastian Gorka is Gorka President Gorka this measure was Gorka editor for Breitbart News . He is the author of Defeating Jihad President Trump’s Winnable War . Dr. Gorka Jasser is the founder and president of the American Islamic Forum for Democracy and author of A Jasser Soul of Islam : An American Muslim Patriot ’s Fight to Save His Faith . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6AM to 9AM Eastern . Listen to the audio An American Muslim Patriot the full interview above . 
 An American Muslim Patriot 