Former Breitbart News Executive Chairman and White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon says that Former Breitbart News Executive Chairman and White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon warned former Fox News CEO Roger Ailes that star anchor Megyn Kelly is " the devil " and that Megyn Kelly would " turn " on Megyn Kelly . [ In July 2016 , Megyn Kelly was reportedly instrumental in Ailes’ ouster from the cable news network after Megyn Kelly accused Megyn Kelly of sexual harassment .   Megyn Kelly ’s quite    quote comes in an interview with Politico ’s Eliana Johnson , who tells the story of Breitbart News and FNC ’s " falling out " over coverage of the 2016 Republican primary . From Politico : Months before Donald Trump blew up American politics with Donald Trump surprise win in November , Donald Trump did the same thing to the conservative media . Through much of the campaign , two very different media moguls with colliding visions for the Republican Party vied for Trump ’s soul : Roger Ailes , the longtime president and CEO of Fox News , and Steve Bannon , the executive chairman of the populist online tabloid Breitbart . Roger Ailes, the longtime president and CEO of Fox News, and Steve Bannon, the executive chairman of the populist online tabloid Breitbart were angling to be the media Svengali whispering in Trump’s ’s ear . At one point , it seemed Roger Ailes, the longtime president and CEO of Fox News, and Steve Bannon, the executive chairman of the populist online tabloid Breitbart might have been allies : Bannon worked to insinuate Bannon at Bannon , and Ailes’ network aired some of Bannon populist documentaries . Then came the first Republican primary debate in August 2015 , when Megyn Kelly , Bannon ’s feisty    anchor , hammered the candidate from all sides . It was at that moment that Bannon says Bannon relationship with Ailes began to sour . " The big rift between Bannon and Bannon was all over Megyn Kelly . She was all over Trump nonstop , " Bannon said in an interview . Bannon says Bannon warned Ailes Ailes Kelly Megyn Kelly betray him Megyn Kelly " I told him Megyn Kelly , I said , ‘ She She the devil , and she She turn on you . ’ "    …      And the two institutions initially viewed Trump Trump . " Steve Megyn Kelly always saying Trump Trump a serious movement , " says a source who spoke to both Bannon and Ailes Ailes Fox executives , by contrast , " saw Trump Trump kind of this clown and they Fox executives not take him this clown , and that caused deep divisions . Steve Megyn Kelly heavily to the defense of Trump Trump " But on the Breitbart side , it was Kelly ’s August 2015 debate performance , in which she Kelly Trump Trump of women , that permanently altered the relationship . Prior to the first Republican debate , Bannon says of Ailes , " We were Ailes close .    …      We had Ailes massive falling out over the first the first Republican debate her treatment Kelly Trump . " Days after the debate , Bannon the first Republican debate     Alexander Bannon penned an article titled " The Arrogance of Power : Megyn Kelly ’s ‘ Good Journalism,’ " which called Kelly ’s debate performance " Megyn Kelly grabbing of the highest order . " After the article appeared , Bannon an article titled "The Arrogance of Power Ailes " Bannon me up and said , ‘ You got ta knock this off,’ and I said ‘ No . ’ " Following ‘ exchange , according to Bannon , Ailes sent one Bannon his lawyers Ailes Peter Johnson Jr. Ailes Washington to speak with Bannon about the tenor of Bannon ’s coverage . " It was like Tom Hagen showing up from The Godfather , " Bannon says . ( Asked Bannon the visit , Estrich denied that it took place and said that Estrich " gets along fine " with Bannon . )    … Bannon Trump ’s victory in the Republican primary not only settled the struggle between Bannon and Ailes , but Bannon tipped the balance toward Breitbart ’s nationalist populism and away from Fox ’s more traditional conservatism , particularly on the issue of immigration . From then on , when it came to Trump , Fox would essentially follow Trump ’s Fox rather than vice Breitbart’s " When Trump started winning primaries , the Trump was made [ by Ailes ] to get behind him because he was going to Trump the Trump , " says a source familiar with the situation . Read the rest of the story here . 
 