The socialist government of Venezuela has prohibited CNN en Español from broadcasting nationwide following a report exposing a Venezuelan plot to grant passports to Hezbollah terrorists . CNN International , which broadcasts more    programming , remains available . [ Local newspaper El Nacional reported Wednesday that CNN en Español went off the air in Venezuela around 5:00 PM local time . The move followed dictator Nicolás Maduro demanding that CNN leave Venezuela in a televised rant on Sunday which did not explicitly refer to CNN latest investigative report accusing Maduro of approving a plan to secure Venezuelan documentation for Middle Eastern terrorists .   The Venezuelan socialist government issued a statement through Foreign Minister Delcy Rodríguez on the matter . " The owners of the CNN television network lack morals , " she Foreign Minister Delcy Rodríguez , condemning the passport report as " at the service of the political agendas of the United States . " The the passport report on the testimony of Misael López Soto , a former official at the Venezuelan embassy in Baghdad . López fled Iraq in 2015 after being pressured to issue birth certificates and passports to    nationals with ties to Hezbollah . CNN caught up CNN López , whose story had not changed in two years . López claimed the López embassy the Venezuelan embassy in Baghdad to $ 15 , 000 per passport , and emphasized that these were not counterfeit documents , but legal Venezuelan documents improperly Venezuelan for    nationals . CNN en Español CNN a statement condemning the censorship of the broadcast . " At CNN en Español we believe CNN en Español role that CNN en Español of press plays in a healthy democracy   …      CNN en Español will continue to fulfill CNN en Español the Venezuelan public by offering our CNN en Español signal on YouTube free of charge and CNN en Español links on CNNEspanol . com . " The network ’s broadcast on Wednesday night focused on the Venezuelan socialist dictatorship ’s oppression of human rights . Anchor Fernando del Rincón used Twitter to distribute online links for watching the network within Venezuela and featured a variety of human rights advocates on his program . Among them was Human Rights Watch Anchor Fernando del Rincón José Miguel Vivanco a variety of human rights advocates on his program who called the censorship " ridiculous " and decried Maduro ’s government as a " mafia " using the government to hide its ties with    organizations . Del Rincón also the government his platform to Lilian Tintori , wife of Venezuelan Anchor Fernando del Rincón prisoner Leopoldo López . Maduro ’s courts sentenced López to 13 years in Maduro organizing a peaceful Leopoldo López in 2014 . Tintori used the airwaves to express solidarity with CNN en Español , asserting , " no censorship can obscure the truth . " She added that , during her meeting Wednesday with President Tintori Trump , Vice President Tintori Pence , and Senator Marco Rubio , " I felt at the White House that their priority in foreign policy is Venezuela . " Trump the White House , she added , was " very concerned " about human Tintori in her native country . While CNN en Español is no Tintori available in Venezuela , its    counterpart remains untouched , according to Venezuela on CNN en Español media . CNN confirmed this finding in their announcement of the removal CNN CNN en Español from Venezuelans on social media airwaves . Listo , ya CNN a @CNNEE de DirecTV en Venezuela . Estaba entre el 700 y el 706 . Venezuela . twitter .    —    Humberto Perozo S. ( @kikoperozo ) February 15 , 2017 ,    CNN International ’s    broadcasts have pleased Maduro significantly more than CNN en Español historically . " CNN is always welcome to Venezuela , " Maduro told CNN interviewer Christiane Amanpour in Venezuela , shortly Maduro threatening CNN expel CNN en Español . Amanpour used the opportunity to interview Maduro to ask , Christiane Amanpour What keeps you up at Maduro ? " 
 