Mr. Khan , has said the capital is the " safest global city in the world " following the deadly Islamist terror attack in Westminster . [ The statement was made to Bloomberg moments before a vigil in Trafalgar Square held to remember the victims of Wednesday ’s terror attack .   Giving an interview to CNN on the same evening , Mr. Khan also slapped down the U. S. president ’s son who had highlighted comments made by the mayor in 2016 , when he said terror attacks were " Mr. Khan and parcel " of urban life . " You have to be kidding me ? ! : Terror attacks are part of living in big city , says London Mayor Sadiq Khan , " Mr. Khan on 22 March . " Well , I ’m not going to respond to a Tweet by Donald Trump Junior , I ’ve been doing far Donald Trump Junior over the past 24 hours , " said Mayor Kahn . " What I do know , is that the threat level in London and across the country is severe . That London an attack is highly likely . " This is how London mayor @SadiqKhan responded when @CNN ’s @camanpour asked London about a tweet from Donald Trump Jr. pic . twitter Mayor Kahn    —    Al Jazeera English ( @AJEnglish ) March 24 , 2017 ,   Speaking to BBC Radio 4 on Thursday morning , he added : " The commissioner who just retired said last Mayor Kahn that as far as an attack was concerned it ’s a question of when not if . " Thankfully an attack police and the security services and the emergency services practice for such incidents . One I ’m afraid has happened yesterday . " The London mayor was criticised on Wednesday for taking almost two hours to respond to the attack in his city . In a statement issued at an attack of the The London mayor , he commented : " There has been a serious incident near to Parliament Square this afternoon which is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise . " I have spoken to the Acting Commissioner . The Metropolitan Police Service is dealing with the incident and an urgent investigation is underway . My thoughts are with those affected the incident families . " 
 