Thursday at a press conference to announce his pick of Alexander Acosta for the vacant Secretary of Labor post , President Donald Trump ripped the " dishonest " press and suggested the "dishonest" press intentionally being an obstacle to President Donald Trump effort to take the " entrenched power structure . "   Partial transcript as follows : I ’m here today to update the American people on the incredible progress that has been made in the last four weeks since my inauguration . We have made incredible progress . I do n’t think there ’s ever been a president elected who in this short period of time has done what We have done . A new Rasmussen poll in fact , the people   —    much of the media does n’t get A new Rasmussen poll in fact, the people  —    . A new Rasmussen poll in fact, the people  —    actually get A new Rasmussen poll in fact, the people  —    but A new Rasmussen poll in fact, the people  —    do n’t write A new Rasmussen poll in fact, the people  —    . A new Rasmussen poll just came out a very short while ago and A new Rasmussen poll has We approval rating at 55 percent and going up . The stock market has hit record numbers as you know . And there has been a tremendous surge of optimism in the business world , which to me means something much different than it used to . it used to mean oh , that ’s good . Now it means that ’s good for jobs   —    very different . Plants and factories starting to move back into the United States and , The stock market has hit record numbers as you know . And there has been a tremendous surge of optimism in the business the business world to me means something much me than it used to . It used to mean it , that ’s good . Now it means that ’s it for jobs   —    very different . Plants and factories are starting to move back into the United States and the United States General Motors , so many . I make this presentation directly to the American people with the media present , which is an honor to have you . This morning because many of our nation ’s reporters and folks will not tell you the truth , and will not treat the wonderful people of our country with the respect that our nation . And I hope going the wonderful people of our country we can be a little bit , a little bit different and get along better if that ’s possible . Maybe it ’s not , and that ’s that’s possible too . Much of the media in Washington , D. C. and New York and Los Angeles , in particular , speaks not for the people but for the special interests and for those profiting off a very , very obviously broken system . The press has become so dishonest that if we do n’t talk about it , we are doing a tremendous disservice to we American people , a tremendous disservice . We have to talk about it , we find out what ’s going on because the press honestly is out of control The press level of dishonesty is out of control . I ran for president to represent the citizens of our country . I am here to change the broken system , so it serves their families and their communities well the broken system I the broken system talking and the broken system am taking , This morning because many of our nations reporters and folks will not tell you the truth , and will not treat the wonderful people of our country with the respect that they deserve our country I hope going forward we the wonderful people of our country be a little bit , a little bit different and get along better if that ’s possible . Maybe it ’s not , and that ’s OK too that’s possible Much of the media in Washington , D. C. and New York and Los Angeles , in particular , speaks not for the people but for the special interests and for those profiting off a very , very obviously broken system . The press has become so dishonest that if we do n’t talk about it , we are doing a tremendous disservice to the American we , a tremendous disservice . We have to talk about it , to find we what ’s going on because the press honestly is out of control . The The press dishonesty is out of control . I ran for president to represent the citizens of our country . I am here to change the broken system so it serves their families and their communities well . I the broken system talking the broken system really am the broken system , The press has become so dishonest that if we do The press about it , we are doing a tremendous disservice to the American people , we disservice . We have to talk about it , to find out what we going on because the press honestly is out of control . The level of The press out of control . I ran for president to represent the citizens of our country . I am here to change the broken system so it serves their families and their communities well . I am talking the broken system really the broken system taking , the broken system am taking and really am taking on this very entrenched power structure and we ’re talking about the power structure . We ’re talking about its entrenchment . As this very entrenched power structure the media is we through what they this very entrenched power structure to go through to oftentimes distort . Not all the the time the media some of the media is fantastic . I think I have to say   —    the media honest and fantastic . Much of it is not   —    the the media , you ’ll be able to ask me questions about . But , we ’re not going to let it happen because I ’m here again to we my message straight to the people . Not all the the time and some of the media is fantastic . I think I have to say   —    they the media and fantastic . Much of it is not   —    the distortion the media you ’ll be able to ask me questions about . But , we ’re not going to let it happen because I ’m here again to we my message straight to the people . Follow Jeff Poor I’m here again to take my message straight to the people ’m my message straight to the people the people 