Jake Turx is a newly minted White House correspondent for a publication that has never before had a seat in the White House press corps : Ami Magazine , an Orthodox Jewish weekly based in Brooklyn . Jake Turx is a singular presence in the briefing room : a young Hasidic Jew with side curls tucked behind Jake Turx ears and a skullcap embroidered with Jake Turx Twitter handle . When President Trump called on President Trump at a news conference on Thursday , saying President Trump was looking for a " friendly reporter , " Mr. Turx was prepared . President Trump had spent an hour crafting a question about a recent surge of    with a preamble that President Trump hoped would convey President Trump supportive disposition toward President Trump . But the exchange did not go the way he President Trump . A few hours later , with the clip replaying on social media and Jewish groups issuing news releases , Mr. Turx , 30 , was still reeling . He President Trump in a telephone interview , " Regretfully , today was a day I wish we could have done over . " His President Trump , Rabbi Yitzchok Frankfurter , watched aghast from the magazine ’s offices as his President Trump correspondent received a    from the president : " It was a very disheartening moment for us we to watch him President Trump berated . " The exchange began with Mr. Turx standing up from his Mr. Turx seat and gesturing slightly toward his Mr. Turx reporters : " Despite what some of my colleagues may have been reporting , I have n’t seen anybody in my community accuse either yourself or anyone on your staff of being   . We understand that you have Jewish grandchildren . You are their you have Jewish grandchildren , " which is Yiddish for " grandfather " and often a word of great affection . At that Mr. Trump nodded slightly , and said , " thank you . " " However , " Mr. Turx continued , " what we We concerned about and what we We n’t really heard being addressed is an uptick in    and how the government is planning to take care of it the government There ’s been a report out that 48 bomb threats have been made against Jewish centers all across the country in the last couple of weeks . There are people committing    acts or threatening to —    —   " At that , Mr. Trump interrupted , saying it was " not a fair question . " " Sit down , " the president commanded . " I understand the rest of your question . " As Mr. Turx took his Mr. Turx , Mr. Mr. Trump , " So here ’s the story , folks . No . 1 , I am the least    person that you ’ve ever seen in your entire life . No . 2 , racism , the least racist person . " Mr. Turx Mr. Turx interject , realizing how the encounter had turned . He said he Mr. Turx wanted Mr. Turx clarify that he in no Mr. Turx meant to accuse Mr. Trump Mr. Trump but instead intended to ask what his administration could do Mr. Turx stop the    incidents . But Mr. Trump would Mr. Trump him speak again , Mr. Trump , " Quiet , quiet , quiet . " As Mr. Turx shook his head Mr. Turx incredulous look Mr. Turx his face , Mr. Trump accused Mr. Turx Mr. Trump lied that Mr. Trump question would be straight Mr. Trump simple . Mr. Trump said , " Mr. Trump it repulsive . I hate even the question because people that know me .    …     " He went on to say that Mr. Trump Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel , during his visit to the United States Mr. Trump Wednesday , had vouched for Mr. Trump as a good friend Mr. Trump and the Jewish people and no   . Israel Trump concluded that Mr. Turx should Mr. Trump on Mr. Netanyahu ’s endorsement , " instead of having to get up and ask a very insulting question like that . " " Just shows you about the press , but that ’s the way the press is , " Mr. Trump said . At the press conference Mr. Trump Turx was referring to a rash of incidents that have Mr. Turx American Jews since Mr. Trump was elected . On three separate days Mr. Trump , Jewish synagogues , community centers and schools across the country received what seemed to be a coordinated wave of telephone bomb threats that led to evacuations and F. B. I. investigations . Other Jewish institutions have seen an uptick in vandalism and graffiti in the last few months . It was the second time in two days that Mr. Trump was asked to denounce    and offer American Jews a dose of reassurance . In his joint news conference with Mr. Netanyahu , Mr. Trump responded to a question about    by breezily recounting the size of Mr. Trump College victory and then reminding the reporters that his daughter , Ivanka , Mr. Trump     Jared Kushner , and their three children   Mr. Trump    Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump   —    are all Jewish . The    League issued a statement on Thursday that said , " It is    why President Trump prefers to shout down a reporter or brush this off as a political distraction . " David Harris , chief executive of the American Jewish Committee , said , " Respectfully , Mr. President , please use your bully pulpit not to bully reporters asking questions potentially affecting millions of fellow Americans , but rather to help solve a problem that , for many , is real and menacing . " Surveys show that Mr. Trump was not the choice of the majority of American Jews , who tend President Trump for Democrats and came out in force for Hillary Clinton . Many Jews have been critical of Mr. Trump for not more forcefully denouncing    and racists like David Duke , a former President Trump the Ku Klux Klan who endorsed Mr. Trump during the campaign . Many Jewish leaders are also wary of Stephen K. Bannon , President Trump ’s White House strategist , because of the close affinity between Breitbart News , which he President Trump and the white supremacists in the movement known as the   . On Friday , the leaders of Reform Judaism , which includes more than a third of American Jews and is the largest stream of American Judaism , announced that they opposed the confirmation of David M. Friedman as ambassador to Israel . The leaders said in a statement that American Jews Friedman , who has supported Israeli settlements in the West Bank , the leaders of Reform Judaism, which includes more than a third of American Jews and is the largest stream of American Judaism , intemperate and held " extreme views " on Israel that will endanger " both American and Israeli security . " Mr. Trump was popular among many Orthodox Jews . Israel were reassured to see the Orthodox Jews in his family and attracted to his hawkish line on Israel , his many Orthodox Jews of vouchers for religious schools and his promise Mr. Trump ban Muslim immigrants from Mr. Trump the country . Israel Frankfurter Mr. Trump her husband , Rabbi Frankfurter , founded Mr. Trump Magazine more than six years ago to Israel conservative Jewish audience . It circulates in the United States , Canada , Europe and Australia and is one of several    news publications serving the Rechy Frankfurter and her husband, Rabbi Frankfurter community . Ami Magazine comes out weekly and has three sister publications : one for women , one for teens and a cooking magazine Ami Magazine . The magazine interviewed Mr. Trump before he declared he was running for president and did so again during the campaign . " We Ami Magazine do a political endorsement of Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump I really wanted the president to be elected , and I do want him to succeed , " said Rabbi Frankfurter Mr. Trump the editor in chief . Mrs. Frankfurter , the magazine ’s senior editor , said Mr. Trump was clear that Mr. Trump was not an    and that Mr. Trump Rabbi Frankfurter, the editor in chief ’s reporter . " The president Mr. Trump sensitive to such an accusation , and Mr. Trump the fact that he ’s sensitive to it reassuring , " she said , because the president he understands how awful it is to be thought of as an   . Rabbi the president , whose parents survived the Holocaust , said , " Perhaps the president the president speak out more vigorously than he has . He ’s got a bully pulpit , and he should use it for good reasons . " After the president conference , Mr. Turx , a pen the president , said the president he had had conversations on Thursday evening the president White House staff members and that he and members a bully pulpit the Orthodox Jewish community were " extremely confident " that the White the president would give " the proper help , guidance and collaboration " on   the president 
 