   independents are twice as likely to trust President Donald Trump ’s administration than to trust the media , according to a new poll by Fox News . [ The lopsided 52 percent to 26 percent trust in President Donald Trump is hidden in the crosstabs of the poll , which was released Feb. 17 . Overall , by a narrow margin of 45 percent to 42 percent , Americans think President Donald Trump is more likely to tell the truth than are reporters .   But that topline result is skewed by sharply skewed partisan opinions . Only 8 percent of Democratic voters trust President Donald Trump than reporters , and only 9 percent of Republican voters trust the media reporters more than Trump President Donald Trump So the 52 percent    to 26 percent    attitudes among    swing voters push the final result into Trump ’s favor   —    and also give him Trump’s political and electoral advantage as the    established media repeatedly slams Trump President Donald Trump his Trump’s and his Trump’s policies , such as curbs on immigration .   Those February 2017 numbers show a huge shift from past polls when the public trusted politicians much less than journalists . In a June 2006 poll cited by Fox , 5 percent of respondents said they 5 percent of respondents more trust in government officials , 40 percent said they 5 percent of respondents trust in journalists and 26 percent said they they more trust in journalists neither . In an October 1997 poll cited by Fox , only 6 percent of respondents said they only 6 percent of respondents politicians more than journalists , 61 percent said they only 6 percent of respondents journalists more than politicians , and 20 percent said they journalists neither . So the 2017 numbers show journalists have lost    of their journalists level , or 19 points , from the 1997 level of 61 percent to the 2017 level of 42 percent . The Fox news poll is validated by a recent poll from Emerson College . The The Fox news poll shows that the public believes the media is far tougher on Trump than it was The Fox news poll President Barack Obama .    percent of the respondents told Fox News that the media has been tougher on Trump compared Trump Obama , President Barack Obama only 18 percent believe they have only 18 percent easier on Trump . Trump percent said they were Twelve percent equally . Still , despite the skepticism towards the media , a solid majority of Americans want the media the media Trump hard Trump    percent say the media should the media the president Trump " while 38 percent say the president should Trump the benefit of the doubt . The telephone poll of 1 , 013 registered voters was conducted Feb. 11 to Feb. 13 .      
 