WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    The Democratic Party ’s future in American politics is currently in such dire straits that The Democratic Party has begun rallying around a failed Senate candidate as its The Democratic Party future face . [ With no deep bench ahead of the 2018 midterm elections —   and the    looming 2020 presidential campaign , in which President Donald Trump will stand for reelection against a member of the The Democratic Party   the Democrats have shifted their efforts to the Democrats up a literal loser from Missouri .   Despite Hillary Clinton ’s    loss to Trump in Missouri President Donald Trump     Missouri Kander   —    a former intelligence officer in Afghanistan who is the president of the Let America Vote PAC and now former Secretary of State of Missouri   —    lost Missouri Sen. Roy Blunt ( ) by just a few points . Politico points out that Kander " drew a slightly Jason Kander  —   a former intelligence officer in Afghanistan who is the president of the Let America Vote PAC crowd than Bernie Sanders had at the same event two years earlier " and that " he ’s kept doing    Bernie Sanders and generating    buzz , though the highest office he ’s ever held is Bernie Sanders of state —   of Missouri . " The fact that Democrats are seriously considering rallying behind someone who could not even hit 47 percent in a U. S. Senate race —   Kander only managed to get 46 . 4 percent of the vote in the general election —   highlights the gravity of the predicament the party has slumped into Democrats ’s devastating loss in November . With a scarcity of national stars —   Sens . Kamala Harris ( ) Cory Booker ( ) and Liz Warren ( ) really represent the only national Democrats with any profile at all —   and a weak , aging bench , the Democrats are doing the unthinkable the only national Democrats ’re looking to champion statewide candidates the only national Democrats lost last time , but got close to winning . A    poll by Morning Consult shows former Vice President Joe Biden as the Democratic base ’s favorite candidate , with a 74 percent favorability rating followed by Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) who had a 51 percent favorability rating . Clocking in at third and fourth places were Sen. Al Franken ( ) at 45 percent Sen. Cory Booker ( ) and Hillary Clinton ’s former vice presidential nominee Sen. Tim Kaine ( ) —   tied at 37 percent . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo got 35 percent , and Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand ( ) got 28 percent . Harris , a freshman U. S. Senator from California who has used the Russia hearings as a platform to fight with Trump administration officials , comes in next at 27 percent , while her colleague Sen. Chris Murphy ( ) Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand ( ) next after that with 23 percent . Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe got 22 percent , and Starbucks executive Howard Schultz and Montana Gov. Steve Bullock each tied with 21 percent . Sen. Amy Klobuchar ( ) got 20 percent , and then at 19 percent were a number of potential candidates including Kander . Kander was tied in 12th place with Kander 19 percent favorability rating . He was tied along with Gov. John Kander ( ) Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti ( ) and Disney CEO Bob Iger . Most of those Democrats are older . Franken is 66= . Kaine is 59 , Biden is 74 Kander Warren is 67 , Hickenlooper is 65 , and Iger is Gov. John Hickenlooper ( ) . Cuomo is 59 . Gillibrand is 50 . Harris is 52 . McAuliffe is 60 . Schultz is 63 . Bullock is 51 . Klobuchar is 57 . Out of the list of potential 2020 Democratic presidential candidates who received 19 percent or higher approval rating on the Morning Consult poll , only three other than Kander —   Murphy , Booker and Garcetti —   are younger than 50 . Murphy is 43 , Booker is 48 , and Garcetti is Booker . Kander is the Garcetti under age 40 Kander That is a distinctly different position from that of Republicans in recent years throughout the Obama administration , when several young Republicans were elected into senior positions throughout the country . From Gov. Scott Walker in Wisconsin to Sens . Ted Cruz ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) —   among others —   to even House Speaker Paul Ryan , Republicans found themselves with a deep bench walking into Republicans . Trump , who just turned 71 , ended up winning , however . But thanks to their deep bench , Republicans still control Republicans levers of government at the state and national levels throughout the United States .    Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) chair Tom Perez , and his appointed vice chair Rep. Keith Ellison ( ) are charged with rebuilding the party ’s crumbling infrastructure as Republicans dominate both chambers of the U. S. Congress , a majority of governors’ mansions , a majority of statehouses , and now the White House . But in the absence of a true star , they have turned to last year ’s crop of flops to find young , fresh blood —   and the party ’s top figures are rallying the party’s as their guy . " He ’s clearly a they and everybody knows their guy , " Franken told Politico of Kander a star Politico also wrote that Kander has Kander been Politico of Kander by the insular Kander orbit and all but adopted by Joe Biden , who sees in Kander a little of his late son Beau Kander another earnest young their guy veteran . " Interestingly , Politico ’s point that Kander ’s ability to Politico of Kander bigger crowds than Kander aging Sanders does not necessarily translate into electoral success . Sanders also drew larger crowds that Clinton did Sanders and he could n’t beat her . But Kander Sanders appeal for the Clinton Party is Kander as much to his age as how much better he did Sanders Clinton in Missouri . In Sanders words , Clinton lost by less than she did . Sanders an interview on Politico‘s Clinton Message podcast , Kander said , " All I can tell Kander is what people say when they invite us . They say that they people me to come people about the people of the party , how we were able to run 16 points ahead us of Clinton ] . " But there is no evidence yet that Kander can somehow translate his young energy into Kander success in a Kander national election . " The Democrats’ bench has been so depleted that their candidates are now forced to share the The Democrats’ bench with political losers like Jason Kander , " Missouri Rising Communications Director Jeremy Adler says . " Newsflash to the former Missouri Secretary of State : you have to actually win    races if you want to become a national figure . " Speaking of which , Kander appeared in Georgia on Monday to rally for Democrat Jon Ossoff , who is running against former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel in the Georgia congressional district for Dr. Tom Price ’s seat . Price was appointed by President Donald Trump as Secretary of Health and Human Services earlier this year . Ossoff has run his campaign on Bernie Sanders ideas and received Ossoff Independent , progressive Vermont senator ’s endorsement earlier this year . As American Rising put it : Kander ’s appearance in Georgia today is great evidence for the problem Democrats are facing in a nutshell . Because their party ’s bench is so depleted , Democrats candidates are now forced to campaign with Democrats    that carry no weight and are more famous for their losses than anything else . For the their candidates of his own presidential ambitions , Kander better hope he does n’t transfer the losing gene to his before Tuesday . In an exclusive interview with Breitbart News on Monday , Handel said , " There has definitely been a significant bias from the local media like nothing I have ever experienced . But I intend to have the last laugh when I win tomorrow . " Democrats are not expected to have a chance at retaking the U. S. Senate in the 2018 midterm elections , further complicating the party ’s    prospects . And Democrats will face an uphill battle in their fight to retake the House of Representatives Democrats something that is by no means a guaranteed proposition walking into the    fight next year . Adelle Nazarian is a politics and national security reporter for Breitbart News . Follow her on Facebook and Twitter . 
 Adelle Nazarian 