WASHINGTON D. C.   —    The socialist government of Venezuela has been allowing drug traffickers , including the notorious Mexican Sinaloa and Zeta cartels , as well as potential terrorists and other unsavory individuals , to freely operate inside Venezuela unabated , without fear of reprisal , according to the Council on Foreign Relations ( CFR ) . [ In written testimony on Venezuelan drug connections prepared for a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing Thursday , Dr. Shannon O’Neil Nelson from CFR noted : the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) In terms of security , Venezuela ’s willingness to permit drug traffickers , organized crime networks , potential terrorists , and other nefarious actors within its borders affects Venezuela S. national security as well . Reports show that Colombia ’s Bandas Criminales ( BACRIM ) Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ( FARC ) and National Liberation Army ( ELN ) all operate in the country , Colombia Mexico ’s Sinaloa and Zeta cartels . The nation has become Colombia drug smuggling route out of South America , with cocaine heading to the United States through Central America and the Eastern Caribbean , and to Europe through West Africa . The Venezuelan government effectively ended Colombia decade ago since then Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) and Department of Justice ( DOJ ) investigations point to active collusion and collaboration between prominent government officials and drug traffickers . In response to the alleged relationship between drug traffickers and the Venezuelan government , President Donald Trump ’s Treasury Department has officially designated President Nicolas Department of Justice (DOJ) Vice President Tareck el Aissami a " Specially Designated Narcotics Trafficker " under the " Drug Kingpin " regulations for his ties to a variety of continental drug President Donald Trump’s Treasury Department organizations . The Trump administration has also accused Venezuela ’s President Donald Trump’s Treasury Department having known ties to a variety of terrorist and drug trafficking outfits . Sanctions have frozen el Aissami ’s assets in the United States , which The New York Times estimates to be in the tens of millions and prevents U. S. persons from legally doing business with him . Nevertheless , Venezuelan President Maduro has promoted    U. S. persons officials accused of drug trafficking by the United States , namely General Néstor Reverol , to the United States . Last year , the U. S. State Department noted that the South American country remains a " permissive environment " that promotes ideological and financial support for terrorist organizations , namely Hezbollah and ISIS . Investigations citing Venezuelan embassy workers in Baghdad revealed that Venezuelan officials have sold hundreds of passports to various individuals , including Venezuelan of the Iranian terrorist proxy Hezbollah . Courtesy of the passports , Hezbollah militants are allegedly " Hezbollah freely " inside the United States Hezbollah Latin America , using their Venezuelan documents . The U. S. military , American lawmakers , Hezbollah militants Venezuelan experts , including think tank experts , have warned about the growing influence of Hezbollah in the Western Hemisphere where Iran has established a power base Hezbollah Venezuelan President Maduro has actually promoted    government officials accused of drug Venezuelan by the United States , namely General Néstor Reverol in an effort to secure their loyalty . In October 2014 , Gen. John Kelly , then the United States, namely General Néstor Reverol top American commander of U. S. military activities in Latin America , also acknowledged that Sunni    in cooperation with its usual rival Shiite Hezbollah , raises " a lot of money Sunni by allowing Latin American drug cartels to traffic cocaine into Europe through West Africa . " " So we know that much of the cocaine that moves through West Africa , up the Maghreb and into Western Europe   — West Africa Qaeda and al Qaeda affiliates take a fair share , some amount of money , al Qaeda n’t know how much , but a lot of money to allow it to flow , " revealed Kelly . " We know that some of the [ cocaine ] money that comes out of the United States is laundered into the coffers of Hezbollah , " he added . 
 some of the [cocaine] money that comes out of the United States is laundered into the coffers of Hezbollah 