During Judge Neil Gorsuch ’s Supreme Court confirmation hearing on Tuesday , Sen. Al Franken ( . ) asked Judge Neil Gorsuch’s about remarks made by President Donald Trump ’s Chief of Staff Reince Preibus and Chief Strategist Steve Bannon at the recent Conservative Political Action Committee ( CPAC ) conference in D. C. about plans for the " deconstruction of the administrative state . " [ " Mr . Priebus [ said ] your nomination was central to President Donald Trump ’s fulfilling his President Donald Trump objectives , quote , ‘ Neil Gorsuch represents a type of judge that has a vision of President Trump , and it,’   —    referring to your nomination   —    ‘ fulfills the promise that he President Donald Trump to all of you,’ speaking to the conservative activists gathered at CPAC , " Franken said . " What do you think that Mr. Priebus was talking about ? "   " Respectfully , Senator , Mr. Mr. Priebus n’t speak for me and Mr. Priebus do n’t speak for him , Mr. Priebus Gorsuch said . " I do n’t appreciate when people characterize me , as I ’m sure you do n’t appreciate when people characterize you . " I like to speak for myself , Mr. Priebus Gorsuch said Gorsuch " I am a judge . " I am my own man , " Gorsuch added Gorsuch Franken Franken pressed Gorsuch about Gorsuch ’s remarks at CPAC . " I want to get back to the panel at CPAC , CPAC Franken Franken . " After Mr. Priebus discussed your nomination , Steve Bannon Bannon the president ’s agenda , " Franken Franken . " He Franken three priorities one of them was , three priorities , ‘ The deconstruction of the administrative state . ’ " " Here ’s what Mr. Bannon meant Bannon , " Franken Franken . " He Franken that regulation was a problem from his Franken and , quote , ‘ Every business leader we ’ve had in is saying not just taxes but it is also regulation . ’ " " He Franken that if you look at the President ’s appointees , quote , ‘ They were selected for the President’s appointees reason and that is deconstruction,’ " Franken said . " The way the progressive left runs is if they ca n’t get the President’s appointees passed [ in the progressive left runs ] they ’re just going the President’s appointees put in some sort of regulation in an agency . ’ " " Taking Steve Bannon at his word , do Steve Bannon think only Cabinet appointees were selected to bring about this deconstruction or do you think the White House also sees a role here for its judicial nominees ? the White House Franken asked Gorsuch . " Senator , respectfully , I believe that ’s a question best directed to Mr. Bannon , " Gorsuch replied . The Gorsuch Judiciary Committee is expected to continue Gorsuch ’s confirmation hearing Gorsuch more days . 
 