U. S. Judge Gonzalo Curiel of the Southern District of California approved the $ 25 million settlement in the Trump University lawsuit Friday , restoring most of the money that 3 , 700 litigants in the case had paid for real estate classes . [ the $25 million settlement in the Trump University lawsuit includes " no admission of liability or wrongdoing by Trump or Trump University , " according to the San Diego   .   The case , and the judge , were briefly notorious during the 2016 presidential election . Trump Trump opponents seized on the case to counter his Trump to business success , as well as to paint him Trump untrustworthy , given allegations by former students that they former students paid for real estate instruction that they former students properly received . Then , in early 2016 ,    Trump Trump Judge Curiel could be biased against him because Judge Curiel his Mexican Judge Curiel . Critics argued that his remark Judge Curiel bigoted   —    though some who defended his remark his remark left ’s double standard in embracing the idea that a liberal judge might rule on the basis of ethnic identity . Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor had previously said : " I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n’t lived that life . " During the campaign , Trump had suggested that he would not Trump the case , arguing that it was without merit , but after winning the election he agreed to Trump terms of the settlement just before the trial phase of the litigation was to begin . Lawyers for the plaintiff appeared pleased at a press conference . They had worked Lawyers for the plaintiff bono   —    for free   —    in taking the case . the case Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one Joel B. Pollak the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , Joel B. Pollak Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at Joel B. Pollak . 
 