Meryl Streep continued Meryl Streep criticism of President Donald Trump , defended Meryl Streep    Golden Globes acceptance speech and vowed to " stand up " against " brownshirts " and " trolls " during Meryl Streep acceptance speech Saturday night at the Human Rights Campaign ’s annual New York City dinner gala . [ In a    speech , while accepting the National Ally for Equality Award at the dinner , Meryl Streep lamented that " fundamentalists of every stripe " are seeking to undo the United States’ progress on civil rights and dedicated her honor Meryl Streep her gay Meryl Streep transgender teachers , mentors and colleagues .   At the outset , Streep defended Meryl Streep acceptance Meryl Streep from January ’s Golden Globes , in which she implied Meryl Streep professional football and mixed martial arts do not count as " the arts . " " First of all , I do like football . Let me just make that clear . I gave seven years , seven of my youngest , prettiest years to being a cheerleader for football , basketball , and wrestling , " Streep said , according to a transcript provided by the Hollywood Reporter . " If you overhear a woman in a restaurant say , ‘ My son is very interested in the arts,’ she probably a woman in a restaurant n’t mean football or mixed martial arts . " " They are just not the same thing , " she added a woman in a restaurant " Look , some of us like football , some of us like the arts , many of us require us in our lives us I was making a joke . Some people missed it . " Streep went on to discuss the impact that two of her teachers Streep on her while Streep was Streep up in    New Jersey her transgender Streep school music teacher , Paul Grossman , and her gay Streep teacher George Vauss . " I am not going to introduce you to all my gay teachers , " she explained Streep " just some of the most influential personalities in my past , the memorable people who made me an artist and who lived , unnecessarily , under duress . " The actress   —    who earned her 20th Streep nomination this year for her role Streep Florence Foster Jenkins   —    continued by describing the    cultures of the past 40 , 000 years before saying that sometime in the 20th century , " the clouds parted . " " Something changed . For the first time in 39 , 999 years , women began to be regarded as , if not equal , at least deserving of equal rights , " Streep said . " Men and women of color demanded their equal Men and women of color . People of sexual orientation and gender identification outside the status quo also demanded equal regard under the law . So did people with disabilities . We all won rights that had already been granted us , We all theory , in our Constitution two centuries before but the courts and society finally caught up and recognized our claims our " Then , without mentioning him by name , Streep launched into a tirade against President Trump . The actress Streep " If we live through this precarious moment , if his catastrophic instinct Streep retaliate does n’t lead us to nuclear we , we will have we to thank our current leader we . He will have Streep us up to we fragile freedom is . His whisperers will Streep alerted us to potential we in the balance of power in government . To how we have relied we the goodwill and selflessness of most previous occupants of the Oval Office . How quaint notions of custom , honor and duty compelled them to adhere How quaint notions of custom, honor and duty certain practices of transparency and responsibility . To how it all can be ignored . How the authority of the executive , in the hands of a    can be wielded against the people , their Constitution and Bill of Rights . The whip of the executive , the executive Twitter feed , can lash and intimidate , punish and humiliate , delegitimize the press and imagined enemies with spasmodic regularity and easily provoked predictability . " In closing , Streep said that she felt compelled to Streep stand up " and " act up " in the face of " troll attacks " and " armies of brownshirts , " even though she would prefer not Streep do so . " It ’s hard to stand up . I do n’t want to do it . I want It read and garden and load the dishwasher . It ’s embarrassing and It to put the target on your forehead , " she said . " Streep it sets you up It troll attacks and armies of brownshirts and bots and worse , and the only way you can do it is if you It you have to . You have to . You have no choice , but you have to speak up and stand up and act up . " Read Streep ’s full acceptance speech at the Hollywood Reporter .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 