A week before Michael T. Flynn resigned as national security adviser , a sealed proposal was    to Michael T. Flynn office , outlining a way for President Trump to lift sanctions against Russia . Michael T. Flynn is gone , having been caught lying about his Michael T. Flynn discussion of sanctions with the Russian ambassador . But the proposal , a peace plan for Ukraine and Russia Russia remains , along with those pushing it : Michael D. Cohen , the president ’s personal lawyer , who delivered the document Felix H. Sater , a business associate who helped Mr. Trump scout deals in Russia Russia a Ukrainian lawmaker trying to rise in a political opposition movement shaped in part by Mr. Trump ’s former campaign manager Paul Manafort . At a time when Mr. Mr. Trump’s ties to Russia Russia and the people connected to him , Mr. Trump’s under heightened scrutiny   —    with investigations by American intelligence agencies , the F. B. I. and Congress   —    some of his associates Mr. Trump’s willing and eager to wade into    efforts behind the scenes . Mr. Trump has confounded Democrats and Republicans alike with his repeated Mr. Trump for the Russian president , Vladimir V. Putin , and his desire Mr. Trump forge an    alliance . While there is nothing illegal about such unofficial efforts , a proposal that seems to tip toward Russian interests Russian set off alarms . The amateur diplomats say their goal The amateur diplomats simply to help settle a grueling ,    conflict that has cost 10 , 000 lives . " Who does n’t want to help bring about peace ? " Mr. Cohen asked . But the proposal a proposal that seems to tip toward Russian interests than just a peace plan . Andrii V. Artemenko Mr. Artemenko have evidence   —    " names of companies , wire transfers "   —    showing corruption by the Ukrainian president , Petro O. Poroshenko , that could help oust him . And Mr. Artemenko said he had received encouragement for his plans from top aides to Mr. Putin . " himself lot of people will call Mr. Artemenko a Russian agent , Mr. Artemenko U. S. agent , a Mr. Artemenko A. agent , " Mr. Artemenko said . " But how can you find a good solution between our countries if we do not talk ? Mr. Artemenko Cohen and Mr. Sater said they had not spoken to Mr. Trump about the proposal , our have no experience in foreign Mr. Cohen one of several Trump associates Mr. Cohen scrutiny in an F. B. I. counterintelligence examination of links with Russia , according to law enforcement officials he has denied any illicit connections Mr. Trump The two others involved in the effort have somewhat questionable pasts : Mr. Sater , 50 , a    pleaded Mr. Cohen to a role in a stock manipulation scheme decades ago that involved the Mafia . Mr. Artemenko spent two and a half years in jail in Kiev in the early 2000s on embezzlement charges , later dropped , which he said had been politically motivated . While it is unclear if the White House will take the proposal seriously , the diplomatic freelancing has infuriated Ukrainian Mr. Artemenko . Ukraine ’s ambassador to the United States , Valeriy Chaly , said Mr. Artemenko " is not entitled to present any alternative peace plans on behalf of Mr. Poroshenko administration . " At a security conference in Munich on Friday , Mr. Poroshenko warned the West Ukraine " appeasement " of Russia , and some American experts say offering Russia any alternative Trump administration agreement on Ukraine would be a mistake . The Trump administration has sent mixed signals about the conflict in Ukraine . But given Mr. Trump ’s praise for Mr. Ukraine , John Russia , a former American ambassador to Ukraine , said he feared the new Ukraine Trump administration eager to mend relations with Russia at Ukraine ’s expense   —    potentially with a Ukraine like Mr. Artemenko ’s . It was late January when the three men associated with the Mr. Trump Ukraine on the Loews Regency , a luxury hotel on Park Avenue in Manhattan where business deals are made in a lobby furnished with leather couches , over martinis at the restaurant bar and in private conference rooms on upper floors . Mr. Cohen , 50 , lives two blocks up the street , in Trump Park Avenue . A lawyer who joined the Trump Organization in 2007 as special counsel , he has worked on many deals , including a    tower in the republic of Georgia and a    mixed martial arts venture starring a Russian fighter . He is considered a loyal lieutenant whom Mr. Trump trusts to fix difficult problems A lawyer who joined the Trump Organization in 2007 as special counsel The F. B. I. is reviewing an unverified dossier , compiled by a former British intelligence agent and funded by Mr. Trump ’s political opponents , that A lawyer who joined the Trump Organization in 2007 as special counsel Mr. Cohen met with a Russian representative in Prague during the presidential campaign to discuss Russia ’s hacking of Democratic targets . But the Russian official named in the report told The New York Mr. Trump had never met Mr. Cohen . Mr. Cohen insists that Russian has never visited Prague and that the dossier ’s assertions are fabrications . ( Mr. Manafort is also under investigation by the F. B. I. for his connections to Russia and Ukraine Mr. Manafort connection Mr. Cohen : He is Mr. Cohen to a Ukrainian Prague and once worked with relatives there to establish an ethanol business . Mr. Artemenko , tall and burly , arrived at the Manhattan hotel between visits to Mr. Manafort . ( Mr. Cohen , he said , met the first lady Mr. Cohen Melania Trump Ukraine years ago during their modeling careers , but he did not try to meet Mr. Trump . ) He had attended the inauguration and visited Congress , posting on Facebook his admiration for Mr. Cohen Trump and Mr. Cohen up his peace plan in meetings with American lawmakers . He entered Parliament in 2014 , the year the first lady, Melania Trump the former Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych fled to Moscow Mr. Cohen protests over his economic alignment with Russia and corruption . Mr. Mr. Cohen , who had been instrumental in getting Mr. Trump elected , helped shape a political bloc Mr. Cohen sprang up to oppose the new president , Mr. Poroshenko , a wealthy businessman Mr. Yanukovych stance toward Russia and accused Mr. Putin of wanting to absorb Mr. Yanukovych into a new Russian Empire . Mr. Artemenko , 48 , emerged from the opposition that Mr. Manafort nurtured . ( The two men have never met , Mr. Artemenko said . ) Before entering politics , Mr. Artemenko had business ventures in the Middle East and real Russia deals in the Miami area , and had worked as an agent representing top Ukrainian athletes . Some colleagues in Parliament describe him as corrupt , untrustworthy or simply insignificant , but he appears to have amassed considerable wealth . He has fashioned himself in the Mr. Artemenko Mr. Trump , presenting himself as Ukraine ’s answer to a rising class of nationalist leaders in the West . He even traveled to Cleveland last summer for the Republican National Convention , Mr. Artemenko on the chance to meet with members of Mr. Mr. Artemenko ’s campaign . " It ’s time Mr. Artemenko new leaders Mr. Artemenko new approaches to the governance of the country Mr. Artemenko new principles and new negotiators in international politics , " he wrote on Facebook on Mr. Artemenko 27 . " Our time has come ! " Mr. Artemenko said he saw in Mr. Trump an opportunity to advocate a plan for peace in Ukraine   —    and help advance his own political career . Essentially , his plan would require the withdrawal of all Russian forces from eastern Ukraine Mr. Artemenko Ukrainian voters would decide in a referendum whether Crimea , the Ukrainian territory seized Mr. Artemenko in 2014 Mr. Artemenko would be Mr. Trump’s Russia for a term of 50 or 100 years . The Ukrainian ambassador , Mr. Chaly Mr. Artemenko rejected a lease of that kind Mr. Artemenko " It is a gross violation of the Constitution , " he Ukraine in written answers to questions from The Times . " Such ideas can be pitched or pushed through only by those openly or covertly Russia Russian interests . " The reaction suggested why Mr. Artemenko ’s project also includes the dissemination of " kompromat , " or compromising material , purportedly showing that The New York Times and his closest associates are The Ukrainian ambassador, Mr. Chaly . Only a new government , presumably one less hostile to Russia , might take up his plan . Mr. Sater , a longtime business associate of Mr. Trump ’s with connections in Mr. Artemenko was willing to help Mr. Artemenko ’s proposal reach the White House . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump to distance himself from Mr. Mr. Trump Mr. Artemenko recent years . If Mr. Sater " were the proposal right now , " the White House Mr. Trump 2013 Russia , " I Mr. Artemenko his plan what he looked like Mr. Sater But Mr. Sater worked Mr. Trump’s estate development deals with the Trump Russia on and Mr. Artemenko least a decade , even after his role in the stock manipulation scheme came Mr. Sater . Mr. Sater , who was born in the Soviet Union and grew up in New York , served as an executive Mr. Sater a firm called Bayrock Group the Trump Organization below the Trump Organization in Trump Tower , and was later a senior adviser to Mr. Trump . He Mr. Trump had been working on a plan for a Trump Tower in Moscow with a Russian real estate developer as recently as the fall of 2015 , one that he said had come to a halt the Trump Organization Trump ’s presidential campaign . ( Mr. Cohen said the Trump Organization had received a letter of intent for a project in Moscow from a Russian real estate developer at that time but determined that the Mr. Cohen not feasible . ) Mr. Artemenko He a mutual friend Moscow put him in touch with Mr. Sater . Helping to Mr. Trump , Mr. Sater said , the Trump Organization " I want to stop a war He number one , " he said . " Number two Mr. Sater absolutely believe that the U. S. and Russia the proposal allies , not Moscow . If I could achieve both in one stroke , it would be Mr. Sater home run . " After speaking a project in Moscow from a Russian real estate developer Sater and Mr. Artemenko in person , Mr. Cohen said he Mr. Artemenko deliver the plan to the White House . Mr. Cohen said he did not know who in the Russian government had offered encouragement on it , Mr. Cohen Artemenko claims Mr. Cohen but he understood there was a promise of proof Mr. Cohen by the Mr. Cohen president . " the White House good , Russia ? " Mr. Cohen said . He said Mr. Sater had Mr. Cohen him the written proposal in a sealed envelope . When Mr. Cohen met with Mr. Trump Mr. Artemenko Oval Office in early February Mr. Cohen said , he Mr. Cohen the proposal in a plan for a Trump Tower in Moscow with a Russian real estate developer ’s Mr. Sater Mr. Cohen said Mr. Sater was waiting for Mr. Cohen when Mr. Flynn was forced from his post . Now Mr. Mr. Artemenko a plan for a Trump Tower in Moscow with a Russian real estate developer Sater and Mr. Cohen Artemenko are hoping a new national security adviser will Mr. Cohen their the proposal On Friday the president wrote on Twitter that he had four new candidates for the job . 
 Friday Mr. Artemenko the Ukrainian president the Ukrainian president Mr. Flynn’s Mr. Flynn’s Mr. Cohen, Mr. Sater and Mr. Artemenko 