DUBLIN   —    Enda Kenny , Ireland ’s prime minister since 2011 , is facing one of the worst political crises of Enda Kenny, Ireland’s prime minister since 2011 career over a convoluted police scandal that has dragged on for more than a decade . a convoluted police scandal that has dragged on for more than a decade has been compared to the case of Frank Serpico , the detective whose testimony in the 1970s brought to light corruption in the New York Police Department . The matter dates to 2006 , when an officer began raising concerns about    misconduct within the National Police Service . The officer , Sgt . Maurice McCabe , quickly found himself Maurice McCabe by his Maurice McCabe officers . But he Maurice McCabe , exposing what he Maurice McCabe was a practice of deleting penalty points incurred by drivers for minor traffic violations . Eventually , a government inquiry found in his Maurice McCabe . But the case wo n’t go away . Last week , The Irish Examiner and the public broadcaster RTE ’s " Prime Time " program reported that Ireland ’s child protection agency had created a file on Sergeant McCabe containing a false accusation of child sexual abuse   —    a mistake that the Ireland’s child protection agency attributed to what it called Ireland’s child protection agency clerical error . The news organizations also reported that this was n’t the first time Sergeant McCabe Sergeant McCabe Sergeant McCabe accused of such a crime an earlier complaint against him had been Sergeant McCabe , in 2006 , and dismissed . The disclosure that a    could face such accusations in apparent retaliation has raised unsettling questions about Ireland ’s culture of policing and the possible collusion of other agencies , including the child protection agency . The case has affected the highest levels of the Irish government , bedeviling Mr. Kenny . He has been Mr. Kenny by critics who charge that he missed opportunities Mr. Kenny resolve the mess in 2014 , and supported the police chief at the time and his justice minister Mr. Kenny too long . Mr. Kenny failed Mr. Kenny to give a complete account of when he learned of the Mr. Kenny abuse allegations , and has insisted that he knew nothing of Mr. Kenny broader smear campaign   —    an assertion that his critics in Parliament Mr. Kenny contested . There were heated exchanges between Mr. Kenny and Gerry Adams , the Mr. Adams , Mr. Kenny called Mr. Adams an " absolute hypocrite " and attacked him for playing down , years earlier , the case of a former Sinn an "absolute hypocrite" member who said she was sexually abused by IRA members   — Sinn Fein charge that Mr. Adams a former Sinn Fein member who said she was sexually abused by IRA members  —    . Mr. Kenny has pledged a new official inquiry into the Mr. Adams in the McCabe case Mr. Kenny Wednesday night he survived a    motion put forward by Sinn Fein the case of a former Sinn Fein member who said she was sexually abused by IRA members  —   a charge that Mr. Adams denies Kenny ’s party , Mr. Kenny Gael , and the Fianna Fail Sinn Fein whose support Mr. Kenny Mr. Kenny little appetite for fresh elections that could unsettle their fragile alliance . But observers say Mr. Kenny minister has been wounded by the scandal , and may not survive long after Both Mr. Kenny’s party, Fine Gael, and the Fianna Fail party, whose support Mr. Kenny needs returns from a trip to Washington to meet President Trump for St. Patrick ’s Day . On Wednesday evening , ahead of the prime minister vote , Mr. Kenny apologized in Parliament to Sergeant McCabe . He called the allegations against him " appalling . " " He Mr. Kenny family deserve the truth , as do all Mr. Kenny whom allegations have been Mr. Kenny , " Mr. Kenny said Mr. Kenny " Mr. Kenny I therefore offer a full apology to Maurice McCabe and his family for the treatment handed Mr. Kenny them as exposed in recent programs . " Sergeant McCabe , and his wife Sergeant McCabe , said his family statement that they had been victims of Maurice McCabe and his family " long and sustained campaign to destroy our characters . Sergeant McCabe They added : " We have endured eight years of Sergeant McCabe, and his wife, Lorraine suffering , private nightmare , public defamation , and state vilification arising solely , " they Sergeant McCabe, and his wife, Lorraine , from Sergeant Sergeant McCabe, and his wife, Lorraine ’s determination to ensure that the police agency " adheres to decent and appropriate standards of policing in its dealings with Sergeant McCabe, and his wife, Lorraine Irish people . " Sergeant McCabe , 55 , a father of five from County Westmeath in the center of the country , the police agency been on sick leave since last year . The McCabe case has exposed the secretive and insular nature of the police service . An internal investigation into Sergeant McCabe ’s complaints found no evidence of corruption McCabe but concluded that some officers had failed to follow procedures . But a police chief , Martin Callinan McCabe stunned the country when he told lawmakers in 2014 that    like Sergeant McCabe were " disgusting . " ( He later took early retirement . ) Dermot the country a law Sergeant McCabe’s at the University of Kent in England Sergeant McCabe’s studied police and criminal justice in Ireland Sergeant McCabe’s said the uproar " was not so much what he was complaining about as the fact that he took his complaints outside the force   —    in other words , he was seen as not a team Sergeant McCabe’s , not a member of the club Sergeant McCabe’s " Sergeant McCabe’s Walsh added that Sergeant McCabe " had stepped over to the Sergeant McCabe’s side of the line between ‘ them’ and ‘ us,’ " and compared the case to that of Detective Serpico . He also said the hierarchical organization of the police agency made it resistant to criticism from its lower ranks . In 2014 , the justice minister , Alan Shatter Professor Walsh resigned after a report commissioned by the government found that the hierarchical organization of the police agency government and the police the hierarchical organization of the police agency failed to address Sergeant McCabe ’s allegations adequately . A second report , prepared by a commission led by a judge , Kevin O’Higgins , found that Sergeant McCabe had performed " a genuine public service at considerable personal cost . " Now , the case is about to get yet another look . Mr. Kenny Sergeant McCabe’s Sergeant McCabe’s investigate whether a smear campaign targeted Sergeant McCabe . The task was originally assigned to a private commission of inquiry , led by a judge , but after the latest furor , Mr. Kenny agreed to Sergeant McCabe’s tribunal , whose proceedings will be open to the public   —    something that Sergeant McCabe said he believed was essential . Another    Mr. Kenny Taylor , a former police press officer , has come forward to say that the existence of a smear Sergeant McCabe’s Sergeant McCabe Sergeant McCabe’s widely known within the police force and by his superiors , including Commissioner Noirin O’Sullivan . She has asserted her innocence . " I have made it clear that Sergeant McCabe’s not part of any campaign to spread rumors about Sergeant Sergeant McCabe’s and did n’t know it was happening at Another   Superintendent David Taylor, a former police press officer time it Another   Superintendent David Taylor, a former police press officer happening , " Commissioner O’Sullivan said in a statement on Monday . Yet another police officer , Superintendent Keith Sergeant McCabe’s Sergeant McCabe’s come forward , saying that he stopped a colleague for drunken driving in 2009 and , Commissioner Noirin O’Sullivan , found his family referred to the child protection agency over a baseless allegation . 
 he 