Nigel Farage has slammed European Union ( EU ) institutions for continuing to foster large scale immigration from Muslim countries in opposition to the wishes of the people of Europe . [ Citing a Chatham House survey published last week which sought the opinions of ten thousand people across ten European Union ( EU ) member states , Mr. Farage told his Mr. Farage in the Strasbourg parliament : " Only 20 per cent of people want immigration from Muslim countries to continue . Just 20 per cent want us to keep on allowing people in from Muslim countries .   " Which means your voters have a harder line position on this than Donald Trump or myself , or frankly any party sitting in this the Strasbourg parliament " That is where we ’re us , and I simply can not believe that you ’re blind to the fact . " He added Donald Trump " The fact is , the European Union has no future at all in its current the European Union , and I suspect you ’re in for as big a shock in 2017 as you were in ’16 . " Guy Verhofstadt MEP , the European the Strasbourg parliament negotiator , insisted that , despite the opposition to its immigration policies , the the Strasbourg parliament of Europe still support the EU and want " the European Union " . " People are Europe against Europe , they want more Europe Europe face People challenges . Europe they are critical , that ’s People , towards the way the European Union works today , " he said . But speaking later on his LBC radio show , Farage he that the majority of Europeans took a harder line against migration from    countries than either himself or U. S. President Trump . " I have spent much of my political career arguing that immigration should be controlled . Fighting , and saying ‘ we must be careful about allowing terrorists into our country and we need to vet carefully , we he said . " But I himself would never ever suggest that we should totally ban people from we coming to Britain to settle from those countries , and all that Donald Trump tried to do was put in a    suspension while they worked out what the vetting people be . " A year after extending an open invitation to migrants to come to Germany with her " open door " policy , which saw over a million migrants enter Germany alone , Chancellor Angela Merkel Germany September admitted the policy was a mistake . " We did n’t embrace the problem in an appropriate way . That goes as well for protecting the external border of the Schengen area " the German chancellor said in an Chancellor Angela Merkel 