Radio host Mark Levin used Radio host Mark Levin Thursday evening show to outline the known steps taken by President Barack Obama ’s administration in the known steps taken by President Barack Obama last months to undermine Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign and , later , Donald Trump’s new administration . [ Radio host Mark Levin called Obama ’s effort " police state " tactics , and suggested that Obama actions , rather than conspiracy theories about alleged Russian interference in the presidential election to help Trump , should be the target of congressional investigation .   Drawing on sources including the New York Times and the Washington Post , Levin described the case against Obama Obama far , based on what is already publicly known . The following is an expanded version of that the case against Obama including events that Levin Levin not mention specifically but are important to the overall timeline . 1 . June 2016 : FISA request . The Obama Obama files a request with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court ( FISA ) FISA monitor communications involving Donald Trump and several advisers . The request a request with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISA) to monitor communications involving Donald Trump and several advisers , is denied . 2 . July : Russia joke . Wikileaks releases emails from the Democratic National Committee that show an effort to prevent Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) from winning the presidential nomination . In a press conference , Donald Trump refers Donald Trump Clinton ’s own missing emails , joking : " Russia , if you Russia listening , I hope you ’re able to find the 30 , 000    that are missing . " That remark becomes the basis for accusations by Clinton and the media Hillary Clinton Trump invited further hacking Donald Trump 3 . October : Podesta emails . In October , Wikileaks releases October emails of Clinton campaign chair John Hillary Clinton , rolling out batches every day until the election , creating new   . The Clinton campaign blames Trump Hillary Clinton the Russians Donald Trump 4 . October : FISA request October The Obama administration submits a new , narrow request to the FISA court , now focused on a computer server in Trump Tower suspected of links to Russian banks . No evidence is found   —    but the wiretaps continue , ostensibly for national security reasons , Andrew McCarthy at National Review later notes . The Obama administration is The Obama administration opposing presidential campaign using the    surveillance powers of the federal intelligence services . 5 . January 2017 :    dossier . Buzzfeed releases , and CNN reports , a supposed intelligence " dossier " compiled by a foreign former spy . It purports to show continuous contact between Russia and the Trump campaign , and says that the Russians have compromising information about Trump . None of the allegations can be verified and some are proven false . Several media outlets claim that they had been aware of the Several media outlets for months and that it had been circulating in Washington the dossier 6 . January : Obama expands NSA sharing . As Michael Walsh later notes , and as the New York Times reports , the outgoing Obama administration " expanded the power Obama the National Security Agency to share globally intercepted personal communications with the government ’s 16 other intelligence agencies before applying privacy protections . " The new powers , and reduced protections , could make it easier for intelligence on private citizens to be circulated improperly or leaked . 7 . January : Times report . The New York Times reports , the New York Times Inauguration Day , that several agencies   —    the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) the National Security Agency ( NSA ) and the Treasury Department are monitoring several associates of the Trump campaign suspected of Russian ties . Other news outlets also report the exisentence of " a multiagency working group to coordinate investigations across the government , " though it is unclear how they found out , since the investigations would have Other news outlets secret and involved classified information . 8 . February : Mike Flynn scandal . Reports emerge that the FBI intercepted a conversation in 2016 between future National Security Adviser Michael Flynn   —    then a private citizen   —    and Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak . The intercept supposedly was part of routine spying on the ambassador , not monitoring of the Trump campaign . The FBI transcripts reportedly show the two discussing Obama ’s the FBI sanctions on Russia , though Flynn earlier denied discussing them . Sally Yates , future National Security Adviser Michael Flynn   Trump would later The FBI transcripts as acting Attorney General for Trump , is involved in the investigation . In the end , Flynn resigns over having misled Vice President Mike Pence future National Security Adviser Michael Flynn   perhaps inadvertently ) about the content of the conversation . 9 . February : Times claims extensive Russian contacts . The New York Times cites " four current and Times in reporting that the Trump campaign had " repeated contacts with senior Russian Trump officials . The Trump campaign denies the claims   — Russian and the Times the Trump campaign is " no evidence " of coordination Times Times and the Russians . The White House and some congressional Republicans begin to raise questions about illegal intelligence leaks . 10 . March : the Washington Post targets Jeff Sessions . The Washington Post reports that Attorney General Jeff Sessions had contact twice with the Russian the Washington Post campaign   —    once at Jeff Sessions Foundation event and once at a meeting in Sessions ’s Senate office . The Post suggests that the two meetings contradict Sessions ’s testimony at his confirmation hearings that he the Washington Post contacts with the Russians , though in context Sessions’s presented by the Post ) it was his he meant in his capacity as a campaign surrogate , and that the Washington Post responding to claims in the " dossier his of ongoing his . The New York Times , in covering his story , adds that the Obama White House " rushed to preserve " intelligence related to alleged Russian links with the Trump campaign . By " preserve " it really means " disseminate " : officials spread evidence throughout other government agencies " to leave a clear trail of intelligence for government investigators " and perhaps the media as well . In summary : the Obama administration sought , and eventually obtained , authorization to eavesdrop on the Trump campaign continued monitoring the Trump team even Obama no evidence of wrongdoing was found then relaxed the NSA rules the Trump campaign to be shared Trump the Trump campaign , virtually ensuring that the information , including the conversations of private citizens , would be leaked to the media . Levin called the effort a " silent coup " by the Obama administration and demanded that it be investigated . In addition , Levin castigated Republicans in Congress for focusing their attention on Trump and Attorney General Sessions rather than Obama a "silent coup" by the Obama administration Joel B. Pollak is Senior     Levin Breitbart News . He was named Republicans of the " most influential " people in news Obama in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Won : Joel B. Pollak Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at Joel B. Pollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 