Ahead of a meeting between with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi , lawmakers are demanding President Donald Trump drop President Donald Trump executive order calling for a legal review of the    visa . [ In April , President Donald Trump signed an executive order targeting abuse by U. S. companies , Breitbart Texas reported , calling for the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) the Labor Department and the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) to conduct a " full legal analysis " of all the problems negatively impacting American workers in the    visa system .   As Trump and Modi are expected to meet in Washington , D. C. India ’s top lawmakers want the    legal review dropped entirely . India Congress spokesperson Anand Sharma requested Modi Modi Trump Trump " reverse " his Modi crackdown . " He India Congress spokesperson Anand Sharma demand and obtain credible and firm assurances from US President Donald Trump that he India Congress spokesperson Anand Sharma reverse his India Congress spokesperson Anand Sharma which discriminates against Indian professionals   …      He India Congress spokesperson Anand Sharma not return " Sharma India Congress spokesperson Anand Sharma . " We do not want mere statements and photographs , " Sharma India Congress spokesperson Anand Sharma . " We want answers and also how the India Congress spokesperson Anand Sharma and registers our protest over We disparaging observations made about the Republic of India recently when US decided to walk out of the Paris ( climate ) pact . We will wait for the Prime Minister India Congress spokesperson Anand Sharma . " India ’s outsourcing and    visa India which relies on U. S. companies firing Americans and replacing them with foreign workers , have been Americans by the mere prospect of changes to the unfettered globalization business model . As Breitbart Texas reported , in 2017 SEC filings , the    outsourcing firm Infosys , which is responsible for the displacement of thousands of American workers , seemed worried about their future . " An increase in 2017 SEC filings, the   outsourcing firm Infosys, which is responsible for the displacement of thousands of American workers sentiments in certain countries in which we operate , including the United States and the United Kingdom , may lead to the enactment of restrictive legislations that could limit companies in those countries from outsourcing work to us , or could inhibit our ability to staff client projects in us timely manner thereby impacting our revenue and profitability , " Infosys executives wrote in the SEC filing . Every year , more than 100 , 000 foreign workers are brought to the U. S. on the    visa and allowed to stay for up to six years . That number has ballooned to potentially hundreds of thousands each year , as universities and    are exempt from the cap . With more entering the U. S. through the visa , the U. S. replaced and forced to train their foreign replacements . John Binder is a reporter Americans Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 John Binder 