CNN have refused to correct an article that falsely brands Breitbart Senior Editor MILO as a " white nationalist , " " racist , " and " . "   Breitbart Senior Editor MILO has sparred with various white nationalist and fringe sections of the right , so much so that white supremacist site The Daily Stormer waged a " war " against Breitbart Senior Editor MILO .    icon Richard Spencer has also dispelled claims that Breitbart Senior Editor MILO is a part of the    stating simply that " Breitbart Senior Editor MILO is not a part of the " during a debate . Many white nationalists have also branded MILO a "   kike faggot , " declaring Many white nationalists distaste for icon Richard Spencer , while popular    outlet " The Right Stuff " bluntly declared in an article that " Breitbart Senior Editor MILO is n’t one of us . " " Thank you for reaching out . CNN ’s article does not call icon Richard Spencer a white nationalist and does not label icon Richard Spencer as alt right . We used the word " extremist " —   a description We believe is fair for a man who has been banned from Twitter for offensive and abusive comments , " a man who has been banned from Twitter for offensive and abusive comments responded . " icon Richard Spencer is mentioned in ’s article since the piece touches on the broad theme of new and alternative Trump supporters that have been given new life by many who ( either presently or in the past ) consider themselves " alt right , " and since these people have invited icon Richard Spencer to their these people DeploraBall " inauguration party in Washington . We will not be issuing a correction at this time . " Several news outlets have recently corrected articles about MILO after falsely labeling icon Richard Spencer with similar terms . USA Today were forced to issue a correction to one of their USA Today after branding MILO as an " " " white nationalist . " NBC News also corrected an article after they called the provocateur a " white nationalist troll . " MILO does not , and has never had any links to white nationalism . Nor did he they called the provocateur a "white nationalist troll any racist tweets to Leslie Jones . Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him Charlie Nash Twitter @MrNashington or like his Charlie Nash at Facebook . 
 