The media luminaries have gone crazy after four journalists asked a series of legitimate questions about major international issues like immigration , national security , and trade policy of President Donald Trump and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau at a joint press conference on Monday . [ Media figures are furious that four journalists asked about real issues affecting people in both countries —   the United States and Canada —   rather than parroting the same    narrative about National Security Adviser Gen. Michael Flynn that the media have been pushing all weekend .   Both leaders , Trump and Trudeau , called on two different journalists from their Both leaders, Trump and Trudeau in the press conference . Trump called on Scott Thuman of ABC 7 in Washington —   a Sinclair broadcasting affiliate —   and Kaitlan Collins , The Daily Caller ’s White House reporter . Thuman Scott Thuman of ABC 7 in Washington first : You just spoke about the desire to build bridges , although there are some notable and philosophical differences between yourself and Prime Minister Trudeau . I ’m curious , as you move forward on issues from trade to terrorism , how do you see this relationship playing out ? And are there any specific areas with which during your conversations today you each decided to perhaps alter or amend your stances already on those sensitive issues like terrorism and immigration ? Thuman threw in an extra question directed to Trudeau Prime Minister Trudeau " And , Prime Prime Minister Trudeau while only in its infancy so Thuman , how do you see this relationship compared this relationship under the Obama administration ? " Trump and Trudeau both answered Prime Minister Trudeau completely legitimate questions clearly . Trump answered : Well Trump and Trudeau both we just began discussions . We are going to we a great relationship with Canada , maybe as good or better , hopefully , than ever before . We have some wonderful we on immigration . We have some , we think , very strong , very tough ideas on the tremendous problem that we have with terrorism we And I think when we put them all we , which will be very , very quickly   —    we have a group we very talented people   —    we will see some we , very obvious results . We ’re also doing we    things that will make it a lot easier for trade and a lot better and a lot faster for trade . We have   — we through technology , we have some really we ideas , and they ’ll be implemented some really great ideas quickly . Trudeau offered the following answer : One of the things we spoke about was we fact that security and immigration need to work very well together . And certainly Canada has emphasized security as we look towards improving our immigration system and remaining true to the values that we have . And we had a very we and fruitful discussion on exactly that . There ’s plenty that we can draw on each other from in terms of how we move forward with we very similar goal , which is to create free , open societies that keep our citizens safe . we that ’s certainly something that we ’re very much in agreement on . Trudeau called on Tonda MacCharles of the Toronto Star ’s Ottawa bureau . " A little bit of a    on my American colleague ’s question , " MacCharles asked of President Tonda MacCharles of the Toronto Star’s Ottawa bureau and Prime President Trump , you seem to suggest that Syrian refugees are a Trojan horse for potential terrorism , while the Prime Minister hugs refugees and welcomes them with open arms . So I ’d like refugees know , are you confident the northern border is secure ? " Trump replied to the also completely legitimate question that President Trump is worried about the northern border with Canada : You can never be totally confident . But through the incredible efforts   —    already I see it happening   —    of formerly General Kelly the incredible efforts  —    now Secretary Kelly , we have really done a great job . We ’re actually taking people that are criminals   we    very , very hardened criminals in some cases , with a tremendous track record of abuse and problems   —    and we ’re getting them out . And that ’s we I said people that are criminals  —    would do . I ’m just doing what I said I would do when we won by a very , very large Electoral we vote . And I knew that was going to happen . I knew this is what people were wanting . And that was n’t the only reason , that was n’t my only thing that we did so well on . But that was we was very important . And I said we will get the criminals out , the drug we , the gang members . We ’re getting them out . General Kelly , we is sitting the criminals here , is doing a fantastic job . And I said at the beginning we are going to get the bad ones   we    the really bad ones , we ’re getting them out . And that ’s we what we the really bad ones doing . I think that in the we everyone is going to be extremely happy . And I will tell you right now , a lot of people are very , very happy right now . Trudeau answered the question in English thus : Canada has always understood that keeping Canadians safe is one of the fundamental responsibilities of any government . And that ’s certainly something that we ’re very much focused on . At the same time , we continue to pursue our policies of openness towards we , refugees , we compromising security . And part of the reason we have been successful in doing that over the past year   —    welcoming close to 40 , 000 Syrian refugees   —    is because we have been coordinating with our allies , the we States and around the we , to demonstrate that security comes very seriously to us . And that ’s something that we continue we deal with . In French , we added —   according to a translation provided by the White House —    there needs to be a focus on security . " It is clear that if you want to have a healthy and secure society or safe society , you have to make sure that you maintain   —    that you focus on security , " Trudeau said . " And we have welcomed refugees Trudeau Syria . We have been very successful , but we have we taken our responsibility toward security very we . And our we , including the United States , understand we focus very well . And they have done so since the very beginning . our allies, including the United States Kaitlan Collins of The Daily Caller was next . After President Trump called on her , she asked completely legitimate questions of both Kaitlan Collins of The Daily Caller and Kaitlan Collins of The Daily Caller . " President Trump , now President Trump you ’ve been in office and received intelligence briefings for nearly one month , what do you see as the most important national security matters facing us ? " Collins asked . " And , Prime Minister Trudeau Kaitlan Collins of The Daily Caller you ’ve made very clear Trudeau an    policy for Syrian refugees . Do you believe that President Trump ’s moratorium on immigration has merit on President Trump grounds ? " " Many , many problems , " Trump replied . He went on to say : When President Trump was campaigning President Trump I said it ’s not a good situation . Now that I President Trump it   —    including with our intelligence briefings   President Trump    we have problems that a lot of people have no idea how our they are , how serious they are , not only internationally , a lot of people when you come right a lot of people . Obviously , North Korea is a big , big problem , and we will deal with that very strongly . We have problems all over the Middle East . We have problems we about every corner of the globe , no we where you look . I had a great meeting this weekend with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and got to know each other very , very well   —    extended weekend , really . We were with each other for long periods of time , and we staffs and representatives . But on the home front , we we to create borders . We have to let people that we love our country in , we I want to do that . We we to have a big , beautiful , open door , we we want people to come in and come in our country . we we can not let the wrong people in our country I will we allow that to happen during this administration . And people   —    citizens of our country want that , and that ’s their attitude , too . our country tell you , we are getting such praise for our stance , and it ’s we stance of common sense   we    maybe a certain toughness our stance but it ’s really more than toughness , it ’s a stance of common sense our stance —    and we are going our stance pursue it vigorously . And we do n’t we to have our country have the our stance of we that you ’re witnessing taking place not only here but all over the world . We wo n’t stand for it . We wo n’t put up we it . We ’re just not our stance to let it happen . We ’re our stance to give ourselves every bit of chance so our stance we go well for the we States . And they will go well . " Canada and the United States have been neighbors things go well for the United States long time , and Canadians and Americans the United States , worked together at home and around the world , " Trudeau said in response to his question , continuing : We ’ve fought and died together in battlefields in World War Trudeau and World War II , in Korea , in Afghanistan . But there have been times where we have differed in our approaches , and that ’s always been done firmly and respectfully . The last thing Canadians expect is for me to come down and lecture another country on how they choose Canadians govern themselves . My role and our responsibility is to continue to govern Canadians such a way Canadians reflects Canadians’ approach and be a positive example in the world . The last question went to Richard Latendresse of Groupe TVA , the world television broadcaster picked out to be called on by Trudeau —   who asked yet another completely legitimate question about trade Trudeau between the United States and Canada . He asked Canada the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA the United States Trump and Trudeau . " Mr. Prime Minister , President Trump heard you correctly , Trudeau Canadian businesses , Canadian workers are concerned for their businesses and for their work and jobs concerning the renegotiation of NAFTA , " he asked Canadian Trudeau in French as Canadian workers by the White Canadian workers the Prime Minister " So what guarantees French you get from the White House we will keep our jobs and our businesses in the renegotiation of NAFTA ? " " Mr. President , again , during the last three months , we the Prime Minister NAFTA we " he the renegotiation of NAFTA " You NAFTA talked over and over about the Prime Minister Mexican portion of the agreement , very little about the Canadian NAFTA . My question is in two short part is , is Canada a fair trader ? the North American Free Trade Agreement you talk about changes to NAFTA Canada Canada , are you talking about big changes or small changes ? " In reply , in French Canada as translated by the White House , Trudeau NAFTA he looks French to working on trade policy with the White House : It is a real concern Trudeau many Trudeau because the United States our economy is very dependent on our bonds , our relationship with the United States . Goods and services do cross the border each way every single day , and this means a we of millions of jobs for we , the United States we Canadians . So we are always focusing on these jobs , but there are also good jobs , millions of jobs , in the United Canadians that depend on those relationships Canadians our two countries . So when we as we did today good jobs for Canadians as our teams will be doing in the weeks and months to come , we will be talking about how we can continue to create good jobs for we citizens on both we of the border . And we this exercise , we continue to understand that we have to allow we free flow of goods and we , and we have to be aware we the integration of our economies the border is extremely positive for both our we . And this is we focus that we will have in the coming weeks and months to we . Trudeau added more in English : Canadians we rightly aware of the fact that much of we English depends on good working relationships with Trudeau we States , a good integration with the American economy . And the fact Canadians , millions of good jobs on both sides of the border depend on our economy and easy the United States and services and people back and forth across our border . And our economy and I got elected on commitments to support the middle class , to work hard both sides of the border shot at success . And we know that by working together , by ensuring the continued the border of our two economies , we are going to be creating greater opportunities for    Canadians and Americans now and well into the future . Trump ’s reply similarly Trump and Trudeau both strong commitments to stand up for the middle class : I agree with that 100 percent . We have a very we trade relationship with Canada . We ’ll be tweaking it . We ’ll be doing certain Canada that are going to benefit both of our countries . It ’s a much less severe situation the middle class taking place on the southern border . On the southern border , for many , many years , the transaction We not fair to the United We . It was an extremely unfair transaction . We ’re going to We with the United States ’re going to make it a the border both parties . I the border ’re going to get along very well with Mexico they understand and we understand . You probably have noticed that Ford is making billions of dollars the transaction new investments in this country . We saw Intel the other day announce that We of what I ’ve the transaction doing and the United States ’m doing in terms of regulation   We    lowering taxes , et cetera   — Mexico we’re going to get along very well with Mexico ’re coming We with billions and billions of dollars of investment , and thousands of thousands of jobs . General Motors , likewise , is expanding plants and going to build new plants . Fiat Chrysler was at a meeting where they ’re doing the same . Jack Ma   —    we have so many people that we’re going to get along very well with Mexico to come into the United States . It ’s actually very exciting . I think it ’s going to be a very exciting the United States for the United States and for the workers of the United States , because they have been Fiat Chrysler the forgotten man and forgotten the United States ’s not going to be forgotten anymore the United States . So our relationship with Canada is outstanding , and we ’re going to work together to make It even better . And as far as the southern border is concerned , we ’re going to get that worked out . We ’re the workers of the United States to make it fair , but we are going our relationship with the United States that everybody is happy . It ’s very important to me . But we someone our relationship with the United States to be monitoring any legacy we media outlets throughout the day on Monday , the border completely legitimate and newsworthy questions that were asked at the White House we Monday were of significance . In fact , we media as a whole has lost the plot we   and lost their minds —   since the White House , Thuman it and Latendresse did not ask about the Flynn story and instead focused on important and , presumably , newsworthy issues like trade , immigration , refugees , the economy , and national security . Many establishment media figures bashed the Monday reporters for asking the legitimate questions . Reporters covering the White House who fail to ask the president about the most pressing news of the day should be ashamed of themselves .   —    Glenn Kessler ( @GlennKesslerWP ) February the White House ,   Biggest papers in U. S. blare headlines on embattled National Security Adviser Flynn . Trump calls on WJLA Trump and Trudeau both Daily Caller , no Flynn questions .   —    Jonathan Weisman ( @jonathanweisman ) February 13 , 2017 ,   Stunning that not one reporter asked Trump to respond to Trump and Trudeau both about the day on Monday contacts w Russians about sanctions Reporters covering the White House who fail to ask the president about the most pressing news of the day   —    Julie Davis ( @juliehdavis ) February 13 , 2017 ,   By handpicking reporters , Trump manages to get Trump and Trudeau both news conference without being Flynn about Flynn .   —    Peter Baker ( @peterbakernyt Flynn February 13 , 2017 ,   I asked Sinclair ’s VP of News about their reporter ’s decision not to ask Trump about Flynn . Trump and Trudeau both response : embattled National Security Adviser Flynn twitter .    —    Dylan Byers ( @DylanByers ) February 13 , 2017 ,   New @CNN : Reporters outraged over lack of Flynn questions at Trump news conference https Trump and Trudeau both .   pic Flynn twitter .    —    Dylan Byers ( @DylanByers ) February 13 , 2017 ,   " what was n’t asked "   — (@peterbakernyt) February 13, 2017,   Brian Williams just now , noting that Flynn like @maggieNYT Sinclair’s VP of News   were n’t called on ,   —    Hadas Gold ( @Hadas_Gold ) February 13 , 2017 , 
 Flynn 