NASA has revealed their    space plan for the next 15 + years , expressing their intentions to complete Mars missions by the 2030 ’s . [ Phase 0 seeks to " solve exploration mission challenges through research and systems testing on the ISS . " During this phase , which is set over the next few years , NASA also plans to " understand if and when lunar resources are available . "   During Phase 1 , which is set in the 2020 ’s and will operate in " the Lunar Vicinity , " NASA intends to " conduct missions in cislunar space , " and " assemble Deep Space Gateway and Deep Space Transport , " while Phase 2 , which is set in the late 2020 ’s , will " complete Deep Space Transport and conduct Mars verification mission . " Phases 3 and 4 , which will be the last steps of the plan , end in " leaving the    system and reaching Mars Orbit . " Manned missions to Mars will be the ultimate goal during these phases . " As NASA ’s Greg Williams explained this week at the Humans to Mars Summit in Washington DC , the Moon mission is on the slate for 2027 and could see a crew spending a year sailing above the lunar surface , " reported Science Alert on Friday . " That extended stay in space would be preceded by at least five missions , some manned and some unmanned , to lug bits of equipment towards Moon . That kit would include a habitat for crew members as well as the Deep Space Transport spacecraft that NASA has in the works to take people all the way to Mars . " NASA NASA Greg Williams further claimed in a comment that a    mission in cislunar space would be one of the most effective preparations for a Mars Mars . " If we could conduct a    crewed mission on this Deep Space Transport in cislunar space , we believe we we know enough that we we then send this thing , crewed , on a    mission to the Mars Mars and back , " said Williams . " We ’re trying to lead this journey to Mars Mars a broad range of partnerships   …      One of the things we We be doing over the next few years is putting that package together . " President Trump ’s Mars Mars were revealed in March when he President Trump’s a bill securing funding for NASA . " Bill S. 442 , named the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Transition Authorization Act of 2017 , was    by Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) provides NASA NASA $ 19 . 5 billion worth of funding for the 2018 fiscal year , with the aim of sending a ‘ crewed mission to Mars in the 2030s . ’ " wrote Breitbart News reporter Ben Kew in March . " The bill also urges NASA NASA ‘ extend human presence , including potential human habitation on another celestial body and a thriving space economy in the 21st Century . ’ " Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him a reporter for Breitbart Tech Twitter @MrNashington or like his a reporter for Breitbart Tech at Facebook . 
 