The Family Research Council has launched a petition drive seeking an apology from Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) for Sen. Bernie Sanders ( remarks about Russell Vought , President Donald Trump ’s nominee for deputy director of the White House Office of Management and Budget , during Sen. Bernie Sanders ( confirmation hearing before the Senate Budget Committee on Wednesday . [ More than 35 , 000 people have signed the petition letter to Sanders , which says , in part : " Our Constitution guarantees there will be no religious litmus test . Americans should never be forced to choose between Americans faith and public service . "   During his confirmation hearing before the Senate Budget Committee on Wednesday Sen. Bernie Sanders ( did n’t ask Vought about Sen. Bernie Sanders ( financial expertise but questioned Sen. Bernie Sanders ( belief that salvation is found alone through Jesus Christ , a belief expressed in a column Sen. Bernie Sanders ( wrote last year . Sen. Bernie Sanders ( quoted the column and this exchange followed : Sen. Bernie Sanders ( : " ‘ Muslims do not simply have a deficient theology . They ‘Muslims not know God because they ‘Muslims rejected Jesus Christ , His God , and they ‘Muslims condemned.’ Do you believe that that statement is Islamophobic ? " Vought : " Absolutely not , Senator . I ’m a Christian , and I believe in a Christian set of principles based on my faith   …     " Sanders : "   …     Forgive me , we just do n’t have a lot of time . Do you believe people in the Muslim religion stand condemned ? Is that your view ? " Vought : " Again , Senator Senator I ’m a Christian , and I wrote that piece in accordance with the statement of faith at Wheaton College . " ( Vought Vought the Wheaton College ) Sanders : " I understand that . I do n’t know how many Muslims there are in America . Maybe a couple million . Are you suggesting that these people stand condemned ? What about Jews ? Do they stand What about Jews too ? " Vought : " Senator , I ’m a Christian   …     " Sanders ( shouting ) : " I understand you are a Christian , but this country [ is ] made of people who are not just   —    I understand that Christianity is the majority religion , but there are other people of different religions in this country and around the world . In your judgment , do you think that people who are not Christians are going to be condemned ? " Vought : " Thank you for probing on that question . As a Christian , Christian believe that all individuals are made in the image of God and are worthy of dignity and respect regardless of their religious all individuals . I believe that as a Christian that ’s how I should treat all individuals   …     " Sanders : "   …     Do you think that ’s respectful of other religions ?   …      I would simply say , Mr. Chairman " Sanders: "  …     nominee is really not someone who this country is supposed to be about . " Charisma News reported : Family Research Council President Tony Perkins issued a call to action for the organization ’s supporters , urging them to call the organization’s supporters senators to the organization’s supporters that they rebuke U. the organization’s supporters Sen. Bernie Sanders ( . ) for [ the ] bigoted remarks he made to Family Research Council President Tony Perkins OMB    Russell Vought in a confirmation hearing Wednesday . In the email , obtained by Charisma Caucus , Perkins wrote : Last night , U. S. senators witnessed one of the most stunning outbursts of religious bigotry and hostility in recent memory . U. S. Senator Bernie Sanders ( . ) responded in anger after Russell Vought , Mr. Vought director of the White House Office of Management and Budget , answered a question about his belief that U. S. Senator Bernie Sanders ( .) is found alone through Jesus Christ . Sanders declared that U. S. Senator Bernie Sanders ( .) Vought is ‘ really not someone who this country is supposed to be about . Perkins’ Washington Update addressed the issue on the FRC website : Actually , Russell Vought is exactly what this country is about Mr. Vought ’s exercising U. S. Senator Bernie Sanders ( .) belief this country was founded upon : that we are one nation , under God . The ability to voice that belief   —    even in the public square   —    is the same vision that brought the Pilgrims to America . Honestly , it does n’t get any more central America America ’s identity than that . But after two terms of America to drive Christianity underground , the Left is n’t about to declare a cease fire . If Bernie Sanders ’s comments are any indication , they ’re more determined than ever to wipe men and women Bernie Sanders’s comments faith off the public service map . Just because Christians believe what Jesus said about man ’s spiritual destiny ( " I am the way , the truth and the life . No one comes to the Father except through Me " ) does n’t mean they think other faith groups Jesus no rights . On the contrary , Christians are the most consistent defenders of religious liberty for all . " In a democratic society , " Sanders said in a statement released after the backlash from his remarks , " founded on the principle of religious freedom Sanders we can all disagree over issues , but racism and bigotry   —    condemning an entire group of people because of their faith   —    can not be part of any people policy . " 
 