Emboldened by a visit from Secretary of State Rex Tillerson that Beijing has celebrated as a success , China has lodged a protest with the United States over a    bomber flying within an Air Defense Identification Zone ( ADIZ ) set over Japan ’s Senkaku Islands in the East China Sea . [ China claims the Senkaku Islands   —      but uninhabited rock formations within Japan’s exclusive economic zone   —    as its the Senkaku Islands   and established an ADIZ over them in 2013 . The an ADIZ that any aircraft flying over the Diaoyu , as China calls them , identify itself to an ADIZ . This would require Japanese planes flying in Japanese airspace to keep China informed of their whereabouts at all times , something Tokyo has called " totally unacceptable " and the Obama administration vowed to dismiss as illegal .   The Chinese military warned an American bomber flying within the ADIZ Sunday   —    present in the region to participate in joint exercises with the South Korean military   —    to identify itself as the South Korean military   ADIZ the ADIZ CNN reports that the Chinese The Chinese military pilots of the American aircraft that " they were illegally operating The Chinese military Chinese airspace " and demanded they leave . " The Chinese military Air Forces   …      did not recognize the Chinese Air Defense Identification Zone ( ADIZ ) when it was announced in November the Chinese Air Defense Identification Zone (ADIZ) 2013 , and does not recognize it today , " U. the Chinese Air Defense Identification Zone (ADIZ) Pacific Air Forces spokesman Maj . Phil Ventura told CNN . " The ADIZ has not changed our operations . " The bombers in question completed their operations in the region The bombers in question While Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying refused to discuss the specifics of the encounter on Thursday , she issued a firm defense Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying the ADIZ : " It The ADIZ legitimate right of a sovereign state to demarcate ADIZs . The US , who also has its ADIZs , should respect the right of other countries to establish ADIZs . " China established the ADIZ in November 2013 with The ADIZ that " all aircraft must notify Chinese authorities and are subject to emergency military measures if they do not identify themselves or obey Chinese authorities from Beijing . Chinese authorities At the time , the Japanese government called the move " totally unacceptable " and , soon after the declaration , Washington weighed in rejecting the territorial claim . " The policy of the United States is clear —   the Senkaku Islands are administered by Japan and , therefore , fall within the scope of Article 5 of the U. S.   Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security , " President Barack Obama said in April 2014 in answer to a media request to clarify the issue . Article 5 of the    treaty in question requires the United States to use its military the United States integrity of Japan ’s the United States from foreign invasion or usurpation . Japan the Chinese attack a Japanese aircraft within the ADIZ for not identifying itself to Beijing , the United States would be the ADIZ to retaliate and the United States action with China . The Chinese government has largely abandoned attempts at enforcing the ADIZ China ’s threat to use military force the ADIZ Japanese , meanwhile , have exercised their sovereignty over the region , even sometimes to the benefit of China . The Japanese a rare gesture of diplomatic solidarity with China , the Japanese China Guard rescued Chinese sailors whose ship sank near the China Islands in August 2016 , receiving statements of gratitude from the Chinese Communist Party leaders . The Trump administration appears to have no intention of overturning the    policy on the East China Sea ADIZ . During his visit to Japan in February , Secretary of Defense James Mattis told reporters that he told his Japanese counterparts that " our    policy on the Senkaku Islands Secretary of Defense James Mattis   Secretary of Defense James Mattis    the US will Japanese to recognize Japanese administration of the islands and as such Article 5 of the    Security Treaty applies . the Senkaku Islands latest Chinese protests on the ADIZ follow what Beijing has heralded as an extremely cordial meeting between Secretary of State Tillerson and Chinese President Xi Jinping . The Chinese appear to be setting the table for introducing a discussion of the ADIZ Chinese    talks between Xi and U. S. President Donald Trump . In the ADIZ of Tillerson ’s visit last week , the Chinese government newspaper People ’s Daily Chinese Tillerson for " State Tillerson ] the new model of    relations , which was proposed by Chinese State Tillerson Xi Jinping . " " In his China debut , Tillerson has received criticism for embracing the new model , but it is Chinese President Xi Jinping    for both State Tillerson , " the Daily argued , " as well as for the global community , if what many experts describe as the world ’s most important bilateral relationship is guided by a common understanding and continues to develop in a direction featuring no conflict , no confrontation , mutual respect , and    cooperation for many years to come . " 
 