MELBOURNE , Fla.   —    During President Trump ’s transition to power , President Trump’s team reached out to Elliott Abrams for help building a new administration . Mr. Abrams himself , sent lists of possible candidates for national security jobs . One by one , the answer from his team came back no . The reason was consistent : This one had said disparaging things about President Trump’s during the campaign that one had signed a letter opposing him President Trump’s Finally , the White House asked Mr. Abrams himself to meet with the President Trump’s becoming deputy secretary of state , only to have the same thing happen   —    vetoed because of past criticism . Mr. Abrams ’s experience has become a case study in the challenges Mr. Abrams himself in filling top positions a month into his presidency . President Trump’s Trump remains President Trump’s the campaign as he applies a loyalty President Trump’s to some prospective officials . For their part , many Republicans reacted to what happened to Mr. Abrams with dismay , leaving them increasingly leery about joining an administration that can not get past the past . As their Trump brings candidates President Trump’s security adviser to meet with him in Florida this weekend President Trump’s he presides over a government President Trump’s the upper echelons remain sparsely populated . Six of the 15 statutory cabinet secretaries are still awaiting Senate confirmation as Democrats nearly uniformly oppose almost all of the president ’s choices . President Trump’s the cabinet secretaries who are in place may feel they are home alone . It is not just Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson who has no deputy Even some of the cabinet secretaries who are in place , much less    under secretaries or assistant secretaries . Neither do the heads of the Treasury Department , the Education Department or any of the other cabinet departments . Only three of 15 nominees have been named for deputy secretary positions . Defense Secretary Jim Mattis has a deputy only because he kept the one left over from President Barack Obama ’s administration . That does not even begin to Defense Secretary Jim Mattis the rest of the more than 4 , 000 appointments that a president typically makes . In some cases , the Trump administration is even going in reverse . A senior political appointee at the housing department , who ’s administration the job , was fired this past week and marched out of the building when someone discovered his previous statements critical of Mr. Trump . The president ’s top Latin America official at the National Security Council was someone fired after just weeks on the job Mr. Trump about internal dysfunction at an     discussion at a Washington research organization , according to officials , who confirmed a Politico report . The State Department has laid off six top career officials in recent days , apparently out of questions about their loyalty to Mr. Trump . " Many tough things were said about him and by him " before last year ’s election , Mr. Abrams , who served as President Ronald Reagan ’s assistant Mr. Trump of state Mr. Trump President George W. Bush ’s deputy national security adviser , said in an interview . " I would have hoped he would have turned toward just hiring the most effective people to help him govern rather than looking back to what we Mr. Trump in that race . " Mr. Trump has fallen behind the pace Mr. Trump his last three predecessors both in naming senior officials who require Senate confirmation and in securing their confirmations , according to data Mr. Trump by the nonpartisan Partnership for Public Service . Whereas Mr. Obama had nominated 40 senior both in naming senior officials who require Senate confirmation by Feb. 11 , 2009 , Mr. Trump had named 34 of them as of Friday . Mr. Obama had 24 confirmed at that point , while Mr. Trump has 14 . The trouble Mr. Obama had nominated 40 senior officials by Feb. 11, 2009 an administration reflects the Mr. Obama between Mr. Trump and the Washington establishment of both Mr. Trump A    businessman with no government experience , Mr. Trump catapulted to power on a promise to break up the existing system . Even after he won the Republican nomination last year Mr. Trump did little to win over those who had opposed him , while his " never Trump Mr. Trump critics within the party kept up a Mr. Trump assault on his qualifications and temperament . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump other hurdles Mr. Trump too . With no cadre ready to go from past political service , he Mr. Trump been starting from scratch Trump" team has been slow to vet candidates , and in some cases his choices have had troubles with Trump" business backgrounds or other matters . Trump" Democrats have mounted a wall of resistance to his nominations , slowing Trump" process down . The White candidates did not respond to requests for comment , but Mr. Trump has disputed reports of Trump" . " The White House is running so smoothly , so smoothly , " he told a rally of Trump" Melbourne , Fla. on Saturday . " And The White House we inherited one big mess , that I can Trump" you . " The ill will between Mr. Trump and much of the Republican establishment works both ways . The White House Republicans who might have agreed to work for the president have been turned off by what they consider his sometimes erratic behavior and the competing power centers inside his White House . After firing his first national security adviser , Michael T. Flynn , Mr. Many Republicans who might have agreed to work for the president found the president his initial choice for a replacement , Robert S. the president , a retired vice admiral the president would not take the job . " The problem is that with each the president episode , it raises the stakes for the next one , " said Peter D. Feaver , a Duke University professor who was a strategic planning adviser to Mr. Bush . The problem It ’s going to be hard for the next outsider Mr. Trump Richard N. Haass , a former Republican official and now president of the Council on Foreign Relations , said Mr. Trump had " ruled out much of an entire generation of Republican public policy types " and alarmed others with his empowerment of Stephen K. Bannon , his chief strategist , to shape national security . Even some cabinet secretaries appear unable to pick their own staff . " This is unprecedented , it ’s untraditional , it ’s outside the mainstream , " said Mr. Trump Haass , whose own name had Mr. Trump floated for a position . " And so it ’s just that you ’d be signing Even some cabinet secretaries for , at a minimum , tremendous uncertainty This and quite possibly This being associated with a set of policies you deeply disagree with . " Stuart Holliday , an ambassador under Mr. Bush , said This Republicans would want to work for Mr. Tillerson or Mr. Mattis . " However , the Republican foreign policy bench is not that deep at senior levels , " he said , " especially if you factor in people who took themselves off the field . " Former Senator Judd Gregg , Republican of New Hampshire , said the business veterans that Mr. Trump had enlisted for his cabinet were " the most positive the Republican foreign policy bench about his administration so far . " But he added that the president ’s disregard for advice could complicate his efforts to fill posts . " You get the feeling that he ’s still flying by his Mr. Trump experiences , " he said , " and Mr. Trump ’s got to concern anyone who Mr. Trump about these issues . " For Mr. Trump , the the president is more pronounced because he and his advisers feel they can Mr. Trump trust some of the Mr. Trump career professionals still working Mr. Trump the White House or cabinet departments . Leaks about Mr. Flynn and Mr. Trump ’s phone calls with foreign leaders have convinced White House officials that they Mr. Trump an Mr. Trump within . he and his advisers You have a new administration that also has fewer people familiar with the processes and systems of government , including the importance of the Mr. Trump , " said Max Stier , the chief executive of the Center for phone calls with foreign leaders Transition at the Partnership for Public Service . " You ca n’t operate as they did in the campaign context , with a smaller than usual group   —    it does n’t work . " Indeed , Mr. Trump ’s failure to vet candidates in advance has led to some stumbles . A White House scheduler was fired this Max Stier, the chief executive of the Center for Presidential Transition at the Partnership for Public Service week because of an issue that surfaced in her background check , something that normally would have been completed weeks ago . Another challenge has been Mr. Trump ’s implementation of ethics rules that bar White House officials from lobbying for five years after they leave the government , prompting senior congressional officials and A White House scheduler to demur . Mr. Trump has faulted the Democratic minority in the Senate for obstructing his choices Mr. Trump voted almost as a bloc against many of White House , breaking with long tradition in which the White House officials party largely went along with a president ’s selections , except in Mr. Trump of controversy . " The Democrats are making it very difficult Mr. Trump Trump said at his news conference President Trump’s . " This President Trump’s pure Mr. Trump tactics . " Despite his own experience , one person still urging President Trump’s to take jobs in the administration is Mr. Abrams . " I have been encouraging everybody to go into the government if offered an appropriate position , Mr. Abrams said . " That was my view , and it ’s still my view , because you have one president Mr. Abrams one government at his administration . " 
 the government my view my view 