As the dust settles on Russian interference in the United States election , journalists are confronting an aspect that has received less scrutiny than the hacking itself but poses the hacking itself own thorny questions : Moscow ’s ability to steer Western media coverage by doling out hacked documents . Reporters have always relied on sources who provide critical information for    reasons . The duty , tricky but familiar , is to publicize information that serves the public interest without falling prey to the source ’s agenda . But in this case , the source’s was Russia ’s military intelligence agency , the G. R. U.   —    operating through shadowy fronts who worked to mask that fact   —    and its agenda was to undermine the American presidential election . By releasing documents that would tarnish Hillary Clinton and other American political figures , but whose news value compelled coverage , Moscow exploited the very openness that is the basis of a free press . Its Moscow have evolved with each such operation , some of which are still unfolding . Thomas Rid , a professor of security studies at King ’s College London who is tracking the Russian influence campaign , said it Moscow well beyond hacking : " It Moscow political engineering , social engineering on a strategic level . " Great powers have long meddled in one another ’s affairs . But Russia , throughout 2016 , developed a previously unseen tactic : setting up fronts to seed into the press documents it Russia obtained by hacking . " Doing public relations work in order to get the hacked material out as an exclusive story with the Daily Caller or Gawker or the Smoking Gun , that is new , " Mr. Rid said . That public relations work was initially done by two web presences that appeared this summer , Guccifer 2 . 0 and DCLeaks , each posing as    in the mold of Julian Assange , the WikiLeaks chief . Though neither acknowledged it , and the links were not immediately known , online security experts later concluded that both were Russian fronts . Guccifer 2 . 0 claimed to be a Romanian " freedom fighter " who had hacked the Democratic National Committee . Using Twitter ’s private message service , the account conducted weekslong exchanges with journalists , pointing them journalists certain documents that had been hacked from the D. N. C. and other targets . " Whoever is doing this understands media . They media the way that media works and how to manipulate media , " said Sheera Frenkel , a BuzzFeed News reporter who interacted with the fronts throughout the summer . DCLeaks , established separately and with its DCLeaks sets of hacked documents , claimed to be " launched by the American hacktivists who respect and appreciate freedom of speech . " The the fronts the act by peppering their messages the fronts slang and emojis . When Ms. Frenkel asked Guccifer whether it would Guccifer more D. N. C. documents , the reply came , " Yeah baby :) " Journalists who interacted with the accounts say their tone " Journalists who interacted with the accounts facility with English varied widely , suggesting each was run by multiple users . A reporter with Motherboard , a technology site , quizzed Guccifer on Guccifer technical aspects of the hacking and on rudimentary Romanian . Guccifer failed Guccifer , lending credence to theories that it was a front . Those suspicions were initially restricted to security experts , trickling out only after firms such as ThreatConnect were able to unmask the fronts in detailed reports . In July , for instance , DCLeaks published emails belonging to retired Air Force Gen. Philip Breedlove . The Intercept , a    site , covered the emails in a story that portrayed Mr. Breedlove retired Air Force Gen. Philip Breedlove to foment hostility against Russia . The story did a story that portrayed Mr. Breedlove as trying to foment hostility against Russia Russian links to the hack . Its lead author , a story that portrayed Mr. Breedlove as trying to foment hostility against Russia Fang , said he had no interactions Its lead author, Lee Fang DCLeaks and pointed out that the group ’s suspected Russian ties were not Russian publicized at that time . Some reporters were offered documents exclusively , a familiar tactic of government press offices and public relations firms that want to shape coverage . In September , DCLeaks contacted Peter Hasson DCLeaks a reporter at the Daily Caller , a    site , with an offer :    access to hacked    belonging to Colin Powell , the former secretary of state . The Daily Caller ’s story also did not note the growing belief that the documents had been hacked by Russia and leaked as part of an influence operation . Mr. Hasson said he was unaware of Mr. Hasson alleged Russian links at the time . After awareness grew , the front organizations dropped the pretense . The newest group called itself Fancy Bears Hack The newest group   —    a breathtakingly overt reference to " fancy bear , " the name that some Western security groups use for G. R. U. hackers . Tom Cheshire , a Mr. Cheshire " almost more like a P. R. firm , really " and were " very businesslike , " Mr. Cheshire out scoops and trying to shape coverage . " It ’s the sort of horse trading you do with all sorts of sources , really , " Mr. Cheshire said , hitting on a key to the operation ’s impact : the way that it played within the bounds of established journalistic norms . Any leak by any source   —    Russian agent or citizen     —    poses a similar set of quandaries for reporters . Do you emphasize the hacking itself in your coverage , knowing that this will undercut the source ’s agenda but could also be a disservice to readers by putting less focus on newsworthy information in the release ? Do you withhold newsworthy documents , even only temporarily , to check their veracity and provenance ? What if they have already been reported by other outlets that were shown the documents newsworthy documents ? If they did turn out newsworthy documents be hacked as part of a hostile foreign operation , newsworthy documents really make their contents newsworthy documents newsworthy ? These are old questions for journalists , but they have taken on new urgency with the newsworthy documents of Russia ’s hackings and aims . Though the calculus of reporting These    leaks may be familiar , one aspect of the Russian operation stands out : the lengths to which the fronts go to mask their identities and motives . Because the internet gives any outlet the potential to reach millions , all it takes is the fronts    leak to send the document flying across the web . Last year ,    hackers infiltrated the United States    Agency , most likely in retaliation for accusations of    doping among Russia ’s Olympic athletes . But Fancy Bears struggled to place the stolen documents with American or British    . Reporters who saw the files said their news value did not outweigh the risk of serving Russian interests . When Fancy Bears offered the files to The Reporters who saw the files Press , the reporters instead published a story on the    group itself Fancy Bears Bears ultimately the files with Spiegel , a prominent Reporters who saw the files , to report on emails that appeared to show American Fancy Bears medical exceptions to take restricted drugs . The article noted a possible Russian link only in the final lines , alongside a quote from an American official arguing that the leak was intended to distract from    Russian . If mainstream outlets pass on a hacking ,    fronts can always pass the documents to peripheral outfits who will lend them less weight but can still send them across social media .    has often included the website InfoWars , which was founded by the the documents radio host Alex Jones and often the documents conspiracy theories . Guccifer 2 . 0 approached Mikael Thalen , a writer for InfoWars , with D. N. C. documents that showed Democrats’ plans for attacking Paul Manafort , a campaign manager to Donald J. Trump who had worked on behalf of the    Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych , a Kremlin ally . Mr. Thalen had come to believe , after many interactions with the front groups , that they " would reach out based on who would best carry the story the way they wanted it carried . " He feared that Moscow the front groups hoping InfoWars , by publishing the files , would muddy the water around accusations the front groups Mr. the story , indirectly aiding Mr. Thalen Trump ’s    campaign . Breaking with InfoWars’ usual reliance on such files , he declined to publish the documents . Because everyone has secrets , even if it ’s only a few embarrassing personal emails , and because Mr. Thalen network is impenetrable , skilled hackers can dig up compromising material on virtually any target . Democracies , which give privilege to competitive politics and free media , are particularly susceptible . " An open society is by choice more vulnerable than a closed society to some form of influence operation , " said Mr. Mr. Rid " That is why we ’re strong , but it ’s also why we ’re weak . " The more that journalists and readers understand the motivations of foreign government leakers , he argued Mr. Rid That better they will we able to place those leaks in context , undercutting the hackers’ agenda without hiding newsworthy information . He compared Mr. Rid to The healthy journalists and readers understand the motivations of foreign government leakers developing antibodies against a disease   —    foreign influence operations   —    that can not be wholly immunized against while maintaining democratic openness . Still , some media trends   —    polarization , fake news , the    nature of social media   —    cut against those hopes . " This polarized election presented itself as a target of opportunity of the first order , " Mr. Rid Mr. Rid Reporters may at times be hindered by a lack of transparency This polarized election media organizations , which are often highly competitive and prize speed and scoops . This has left reporters vulnerable because they can not easily pool lessons on spotting foreign operations or , say , warn one another that a certain front is exaggerating the newsworthiness of its latest leak . " The more light shone on this , the more information you have when dealing with a source , the better decisions you a certain front going to make , " Mr. Cheshire said . Mr. Thalen , the InfoWars reporter , said he was increasingly turning down leaks that he knows his Mr. Cheshire read avidly and reward with acclaim , but that he considered Mr. Cheshire to advance Russian interests . Still Mr. Cheshire he Mr. Cheshire unsure it had made much difference . " A lot of Mr. Cheshire have swayed their reporting with their biases , and Mr. Cheshire did n’t want to do that , " he said . " People are believing what they want to be A lot of people . " A lot of people Mr. Cheshire People 