Good morning . ( Want to get California Today by email ? Here ’s the   . ) With thousands of people fleeing areas downstream from Lake Oroville amid warnings of catastrophic danger , my editor thought it would be a good idea for me to do the opposite . So early Monday , I drove from my    home to Lake Oroville , about 80 miles north in the Sierra Nevada foothills . Along Route 70 , Northern California ’s extreme wet winter was evident in every direction . It was reflected in the flooded orchards , the bursting Yuba River and the Sierra ’s snowy peaks . Relentless runoff from the mountains had caused Lake Oroville to flow over Lake Oroville emergency spillway for the first time ever on Saturday . A day later , state officials noticed a hole forming in its emergency spillway and prepared for the worst , ordering nearly 190 , 000 people to seek safer ground . In Lake Oroville on Monday , just a handful of businesses were open . Among them just a handful of businesses Mike ’s Grande Burger which gave out free meals to the truck drivers , emergency personnel and others working at the its emergency spillway Some residents who had stayed behind gathered on a hill above Oroville Dam and watched the scene below . The reservoir , California ’s second largest , was perfectly still and surrounded by    hills . In the distance , the    Feather River snaked along the valley floor . Locals recalled flooding events of the past   —    one in 1997 , when thousands of people were forced to flee , and another in 2006 . Some wondered whether state officials had done enough to shore up the Oroville reservoir before the latest round of trouble . Others talked about untamable nature . With more storms approaching , officials are effectively now in a race against time to lower the level of the lake and reinforce the hobbled spillway . Whether it will be enough is by no means certain . Read more in my article with Jess Bidgood here . More on the Oroville crisis from around the web : • People of good will stepped up to help those forced to flee . [ Opinion | Sacramento Bee ] • The crisis • the Oroville crisis from around the web for repairs to other California dams . [ East Bay Times ] • The nightmare scenario that officials are fighting to prevent . [ Los Angeles Times ] • President Trump promised to fix infrastructure . He can start with President Trump dams . [ Opinion | The New York Times ] ( Please note : We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers . ) • Inside the black bloc movement that is rising up against President Trump . [ President Trump Times [Los Angeles Times] • Los Angeles Times the city ’s temperature . Scientists are figuring out how to do it . [ Los Angeles Times ] • That California teacher shortage Los Angeles’s mayor It Los Angeles Times crisis . [ Opinion | San Diego   ] • That California teacher shortage is a growing worry that the quietude of the southern San Andreas fault is unlikely to last . [ Washington Post ] • If milk comes from an almond , can you still call it milk • [ The New York Times ] • Playboy , based in milk Hills , will resume showing naked women . [ The New York Times ] • Bobby Freeman died at 76 in Daly [The New York Times] The New York Times Dance " was covered by a range of artists including the Beach Boys and Bobby Freeman Midler . [ The New York Times ] • It ’s not just about Adele and Beyoncé , our critic writes [The New York Times] white acts . The New York Times Times ] • Photo : For a short time every February , Yosemite ’s Horsetail Fall lights up like fire at sunset . [ Twitter | U. The New York Times ] There are comic book stores , mystery book stores and even culinary book stores . But until last year , the United States had few , if any , romance novel stores . And this despite the genre ’s enormous popularity . To the sisters Leah and Bea Koch , that sounded like an opportunity . They opened their     shop , The Ripped Bodice , in Culver City last March . With Valentine ’s Day upon us , it seemed a good moment to check in . We the sisters Leah and Bea Koch up the sisters Leah and Bea Koch Leah Koch via telephone . Some excerpts : • Is it true that romance novels get short shrift ? • What ’s popular right now ? • What advice us you give men Bea Koch ’re thinking about Valentine ’s Day with their partners ? California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays . Tell us what you want to see : CAtoday@nytimes . com men The California Today Valentine’s Mike McPhate , men a    Californian   —    born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano . He lives in Davis . Follow him on Twitter . California Today is edited by Julie Bloom , who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley . 
 California Today California He 