President Donald Trump ’s inaugural address on Friday was one of the more unique and memorable in recent decades , with clear themes of populism , nationalism , and unity . [ As President Donald Trump took the podium , the sun came out   —    and , at the same time , a light rain began to fall , framing the mood of the moment .   President Donald Trump began by thanking his predecessor President Donald Trump —    but then harshly criticized the status quo in Washington : " [ W]e are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another , or from one party to another   —    but we are transferring power from Washington , Washington C. and giving it back to you , the American People . " Sen. Charles Schumer ( ) speaking just a few minutes beforehand , emphasized familiar Democratic concerns about the gap between the rich and the poor   —    to boos from the crowd on the Mall , some of whom chanted impatiently , " Trump ! " and " Drain the swamp ! " ( Schumer was Sen. Charles Schumer ( ) speaking just a few minutes beforehand jeered when he made Sen. Charles Schumer ( ) speaking just a few minutes beforehand earnest appeal for equality based on " gender identity . ") President Trump , by contrast , emphasized the gap between Washington and the rest of America : " For too long , a small group in our nation ’s Capital has reaped the rewards of government while the people have borne the cost . Washington flourished Washington —    but the people did not share in its wealth Washington Politicians prospered   —    but the jobs left , and the factories closed . The establishment protected itself , The establishment not the citizens of our country . " He concluded : " That all changes   —    starting right here , and right now . " " I voted for TRUMP ! I swear no Russian told me to " # Inauguration @BreitbartNews pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Addressing the " Deplorables " who had gathered by their hundreds of thousands , President Trump TRUMP " [ T]his moment is your moment : it belongs to you . What truly matters is not which party controls our government , but whether our government is our government the people . January 20th 2017 , will be remembered as the day the people became the the people this nation again . The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten this nation . Everyone is listening to you now . " " Dude , this is actually happening ! " # MAGA # Inauguration pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) January 20 , 2017 ,   After briefly revisiting the journey , and the movement , that had led to his inauguration , Trump made the case for American nationalism , behind the once controversial slogan , " America first . " " Americans want great schools for their children , safe neighborhoods for Americans families , and good jobs their children themselves . These are the just "Americans want great schools for their children, safe neighborhoods for their families, and good jobs for themselves reasonable "Americans want great schools for their children, safe neighborhoods for their families, and good jobs for themselves of a righteous public .    …      We are one nation   —    and their pain is our pain . Their dreams are We dreams and their success will We our success their " " America We , " Trump said , meant securing the border , rebuilding the military , upgrading infrastructure , and moving people off welfare . He also argued for economic nationalism Trump including protectionist policies . " Every decision on trade , on taxes , on immigration , on foreign affairs , will be made to benefit American workers and American families .    …      We must protect our borders from the ravages of We countries making our products , stealing our companies We and destroying our We . Protection will lead We great prosperity and strength .    …      We will follow two simple rules We Buy American and Hire American , " he said . American nationalism , Trump argued , did not mean isolation , but leading by example : " We will seek friendship and goodwill with the nations of the world   —    but we do so with the understanding We it is the right of all nations to put their own interests first . We do not seek to impose We way of life on anyone We but rather to let it shine as an example for everyone to follow . " And with a flourish , Trump reversed a taboo of his predecessor : " We will Trump old alliances and form new ones   —    and unite the civilized world against Radical Islamic Terrorism , which we will eradicate completely from the face of the Earth . " Trump then appealed for national unity Trump and overcoming divisions of race : " When you open your heart to patriotism , there is no room for prejudice .    …      It is time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget : that whether we are black or brown or our , we all bleed the same red blood of patriots , we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms , and we all salute the same great we all . " However , he repeated language from his recent that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget with Rep. John that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget ( ): " We will no longer accept politicians who we all all talk and no action   —    constantly complaining but never doing anything about it . " " Do not let anyone tell you it can not be done , " it added . " No challenge can match the heart and fight and spirit of America . " He subtly echoed the optimism of President Trump F. Kennedy with a futuristic vision of the kinds of scientific challenges he hoped to undertake as a nation Trump " We stand at the birth of a new millennium , ready to unlock the mysteries of space , to free the Earth from the miseries of disease , and to harness the energies , industries and technologies of tomorrow . " # Inauguration BLING pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Trump closed with his famous refrain from the campaign trail Trump —    and the slogan emblazoned on thousands of bold red hats in the nation ’s capital : " Together , We Will Make America Strong Again . We Will Make America Wealthy Again . We Will Make America Proud Again . We Will Make America Safe Again . We , Yes America Together , We Will Make America Great Again . We Though there America Proud protests at access points to the Mall , there were few disruption in the speech itself . Towards the end of the inaugural address , Capitol Police removed a female protester wearing a " pussyhat " and holding an    sign . Protester in # pussyhat was escorted out of # Inauguration near end of @POTUS speech pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Several other addresses and performances were notable . The Missouri State University Chorale performed an original song , " Now We Belong , " written by Michael Dennis Browne . The lyrics captured the " Deplorable " mood of the day perfectly : Here are the voices of every creature , Here are the calls of every heartHere is the place of strangers’ welcome , We who once walked in strangers’ shoes . Once we were strangers , strangers’ were welcomed , Now we belong and we in this land . we Roy Blunt ( ) delivered a memorable and    address , also on the theme of national unity , reminding the nation that this " commonplace and miraculous " transition of power was an example for democracies around the world . And Rabbi Marvin Hier of the Simon Wiesenthal made an impassioned , if implicit , appeal on behalf of the U. S. alliance with Israel , citing the Biblical passage : " If I forget thee , O Jerusalem , let my right hand forget its skill . " ( Psalm 137 : Jerusalem ) Though    celebrities shunned the inauguration , many other notables were present . Chicago Cubs owner Todd Ricketts   —    who has been nominated as Deputy Secretary of Commerce by President Trump   —    mingled in the crowd , as did celebrated Trump supporters Diamond and Silk . Todd Ricketts President Trump   owner of the @Cubs and nominee for Deputy Secretary of Commerce , at # Inauguration @BreitbartNews pic . twitter .    #Inauguration Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Look who ’s here ! Diamond and Silk at # Inauguration . They Diamond it happen ! @DiamondandSilk @BreitbartNews # MAGA Diamond and Silk at #Inauguration . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) January 20 , 2017 ,   The full text of President Trump ’s TRUMP , as prepared for delivery , is here . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " Joel B. Pollak in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Won : The Inside Joel B. Pollak of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 