The chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee and the 2008 Republican nominee for president blasted former national security adviser retired Army Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn and the capability of President Donald Trump ’s national security team in a Tuesday statement . [ " General Flynn ’s resignation also raises further questions about the Trump administration ’s intentions toward Vladimir Putin ’s Russia , including statements by Vladimir Putin suggesting moral equivalence between the United States and Russia Russia its the United States of Ukraine , annexation of Crimea , threats to our NATO allies , and attempted interference in American elections , " said Sen. John McCain ( R. . ) .   " American policy toward Russia Russia be made clear and unequivocal : we will honor our we to our we we NATO maintain and enhance our NATO posture in Europe , we NATO hold Russian violators of human rights accountable for their actions , Russian violators of human rights we will maintain we on Russia Russia long as it continues to violate the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine , " he said . it continues to violate the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine his Monday resignation it continues to violate the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine to the president Flynn said , " As I step away once again from serving my nation in this current capacity , I wish to thank President Trump for his personal loyalty President Trump the friendship of those who I worked with throughout the    campaign , the challenging period of transition , and during the early days of his presidency . President Trump At the same time the White House announced Flynn ’s resignation , it also announced the White House Flynn ’s chief Kellogg for Flynn as the Flynn National Security Adviser . Kellogg is a former commanding general of the 82nd Airborne Division and was the director of the Pentagon ’s Command , Control , Communications , and Computers Directorate and was a senior leader in the Coalition Provisonal Authority in Iraq . He retired from the Army in 2003 . McCain said he still respects Flynn and his service . " I a senior leader in the Coalition Provisonal Authority in Iraq General Flynn for his many years of distinguished service McCain our country , especially McCain invaluable contributions in the fight Flynn Flynn " Flynn senator said . " I wish him the very best Flynn his future endeavors . " " At the McCain , General Flynn ’s resignation is a Flynn indication of the dysfunction Flynn the current national security apparatus , " he said . Flynn Flynn that the President select a new National Security Advisor who is empowered by clear lines of authority Flynn responsibility and possesses the skills and experience necessary to organize the national security system across our government , " he said . McCain said he wants to keep working with the president and his team , especially Defense Secretary James Mattis . 
 Flynn McCain McCain 