On the seventh day of his presidency Donald Trump did not rest . his ’s moving at the speed of expeditious . This White House has promised an aggressive and busy Congress . [ One of the things I like is a no BS approach to dealing with other world leaders as President Trump did with Mexico ’s President Nieto . Eight years of President Obama gave other world leaders the impression that America has become weak and pliable and will not exert our influence .    In his inauguration speech , President Trump also spoke of a nation ’s right to act in their sovereign interest . Globalism has met its Globalism opponent following Brexit . Others are likely to follow .   The symbolism of United Kingdom Prime Minister Theresa May meeting with Trump President Trump the Republican retreat is not lost to other players on the world stage . As she United Kingdom Prime Minister Theresa in her United Kingdom Prime Minister Theresa at the Republican congressional retreat in Philadelphia , the U. K. and U. S. will defend the West against opponents from the East and the Middle East economically and militarily .    Reinforcing our relationship with friends not just allies is important and President Trump talked about this in his President Trump speech . There ’s nothing dark about this principle . We our alliances and friendships and alliances are not necessarily friendships . As we nurture strong alliances they we nurture strong alliances better potential to become friendships . This is often the case where there are cultural bonds .   Then there ’s the media . I wrote this in 2015 in a draft and find it this today : Is Trump the one who makes media especially the left wing at Univision , Telemundo , MSNBC and others shudder ? As we recently saw in his handling of MSNBC MSNBC    on illegal immigration it appeared more like a stutter ? Love him his hate him his something in between , apparently Trump will not be trampled over by bully media . They Trump met their Trump and it is not limited to the left media . There are some conservative leaning outlets going after the Donald . All I can say is , in this case consistency exists .   Ignore the apoplectic left for a moment and realize that success by the Trump administration is their the Trump administration fear . Since the election of Barack Obama they the Trump administration lost over 1 , 000 elected seats   —    state legislatures , house , senate and governorships combined . The party leadership is now firmly controlled by the progressive left and their The party leadership is over who is more left as I observe the battle for the Democratic National Committee chair .   In order for the Trump administration to be successful , start with the economy and security at home and abroad .   It ’s only been 7 days . We have a long way to go . 
 