The leader of the Tea Party Patriots told Breitbart News Breitbart News and Breitbart News activists are backing Judge Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme Court on Capitol Hill Monday , despite the lack of opposition from    operatives . [ " We are here on Capitol Hill today and we We be here tomorrow when Judge Neil Gorsuch Judge Neil Gorsuch for 10 hours . in addition , our Tea We Patriots are making phone calls and sending emails and letters to their senators our Tea Party Patriots across the country , " said Jenny Beth Martin , the author of the 2012 book Tea Party Patriots : The Second American Revolution .   Martin was Jenny Beth Martin by two dozen volunteers holding signs outside the Hart Senate Office Building , while Gorsuch spent the day listening to senators on the Senate Judiciary Committee make opening remarks before making his own Jenny Beth Martin statement . Gorsuch was Gorsuch by President Donald Trump to fill the seat on the high court made vacant with the passing of Justice Antonin Scalia . When the nominee walked into the hearing , he was the nominee by senators ,    and    least 30 photographers . The shutter clicks from the still cameras rose and fell like the waves of sleet upon a tin roof . His every the nominee and motion triggered a new wave of shutter clutters , so much so that reporters , who are not members of the photographers gallery , stood up to take photos and videos of the photographers at least 30 photographers was not just the swarm of photographers in front of Gorsuch at the witness table , but also the photographers and video cameras in the shooters’ nests revealed by the removed panels in the walls on either side of the    hearing room . Also inside the room were the   hearing room Hill police officers , including an officer with a still camera and a video camera , ready to document violations of the law or Senate decorum or both . Outside the room , there the   hearing room checkpoints : the immediate doorway , the doorway to the small lobby outside the hearing the room , then the the   hearing room the larger lobby on the other side of that door , and finally the hallway leading to that larger lobby . Back outside Hart , Martin and the Tea Party Patriots were joined by activists from Concerned Women for America , Young Women for America , and the Susan B. America List . Martin said she was surprised that Martin    Martin had not shown up to rally against Gorsuch , but an important lesson learned for Tea Party activists has been that regardless of what the Democrats do , the Tea Party must show up Tea Party is important to show up , " she said . " No matter Martin big the event is , you show up . You talk to people , you hold signs , you let people know we are here —   that is how you convert hearts and minds . " The Republicans hold a     majority in the Senate . The Senate rules require 60 votes to end the Senate a vote . Without saying it out loud , Senate Republican leaders have signaled that if Senate Democrats insist the Senate extending debate , in the attempt the Senate delay    block a vote on the nominee , they will challenge and overturn the    rule for ending Senate Republican leaders for Supreme Court nominees . 
 