This is how the muzzling starts : not with a boot on your neck , but with the fear of one that runs so deep that you muzzle yourself . Maybe it ’s the story you decide against doing because it ’s liable to provoke a    president to put the power of a   president office behind a   president attempt to destroy your reputation by falsely calling your journalism " fake . " Maybe it ’s the line you hold back from your script or your article because your article could trigger a federal leak investigation into you and your sources ( so , yeah , jail ) . Or , maybe it ’s the commentary you spike because you ’re a publicly supported news channel and you worry it will cost your station your station federal financing . In that last case , your fear would be existential   —    a matter of your very survival   —    and your motivation to    could prove overwhelming . We no longer have to imagine it . We got a    example last week in San Antonio , where a PBS station sat atop the slippery slope toward censorship and then promptly started down a PBS station . a PBS station ’s a single television station in a single state in a very big country . And the right thing ultimately happened . But only after a very wrong thing happened . The editorial misfire bears retelling because it showed the most likely way that the new administration ’s attempts to shut down the free press could succeed , just as it shows how those attempts can be stopped . The story began with a Jan. 24 speech that Representative Lamar Smith , Republican of Texas , gave on the House floor regarding what he described as the unfair way the national media was covering President Trump . he said for instance that the national media ignored highs in consumer confidence , which of course it did not . And he ended with an admonition for he constituents : " Better to get your news directly from the President Trump In fact , it might be the only way to get the unvarnished truth . " he remarks caught the notice , and the ire , of a longtime San    journalist and commentator , Rick Casey , who hosts a weekly public affairs program " Texas Week " on KLRN . he ends each week ’s show with he own commentary , which also runs in The San Antonio   . Mr. Casey has been able to work for " 40 years as a professional Mr. Smith he told Mr. Casey , because " I ’m not really a bomb thrower   —    I ’ve watched politicians for so many years that I know how to be strong about something without being unfriendly . " But Mr. Smith ’s comments bothered him enough that he wrote Mr. Smith a stemwinder Mr. Smith a closing commentary . " Smith ’s proposal is quite Mr. Smith America , " it went . " We ’ve Smith’s proposal really tried getting all our news from our top elected We . It We been tried elsewhere , Smith’s proposal . North Korea comes to mind . " All set to go , the commentary was mentioned in a Facebook promotion for the show , which in turn caught the eye of Mr. Smith ’s office , which Mr. Smith to inquire about the segment . Forty minutes before the show aired , the station ’s president and chief executive , the station Emerson , left a message for Mr. Casey saying he was pulling the commentary and replacing it with Mr. Casey older one . Mr. Casey told the commentary he missed the call , Mr. Casey what happened with Mr. Casey own eyes . At a meeting the next Monday Mr. Casey Mr. Casey said , Mr. Emerson expressed concern " that Mr. Casey for Arthur Rojas Emerson was under attack and that this would add to it . " The Corporation for Public Broadcasting provides financing for public stations , including the Corporation for Public Broadcasting ’s election Public Broadcasting fears that its financing will be cut . It also happens that Mr. Emerson had left journalism for several Mr. Trump’s election to run his own advertising firm and that Mr. Smith had at one point been a client . Mr. Mr. Emerson says he asked Mr. Emerson Mr. Casey program and discuss it all , Mr. Emerson Emerson declined Mr. Emerson And that Mr. Casey to be that . But as we ’re learning this year Mr. Emerson has a safety net in the people who appreciate it , and the people who work in it . First , when Mr. Casey ’s commentary ran as planned in The San Antonio    astute readers noticed it was different than the previous night it televised commentary . The story of what happened began traveling around San Antonio journalism circles , making its way to the    columnist Gilbert Garcia , who shared the details last Friday .   Another titan of Texas San Antonio Evan Smith , who    San Antonio journalism circles Texas Tribune and regularly appears on Mr. Casey ’s program , noticed Mr. Garcia ’s column while he was in Washington . " I had a hot coffee in my hand and I came very close to dropping it , " Mr. Smith told me Mr. Casey’s " Holding people accountable in public life is so fundamentally important that this idea that somehow we ’re going to a hot coffee doing that because we ’re worried about what the government ’s going to do to us , I so unbelievably reject that . " As it happened , Evan Smith was we Washington for a meeting of the PBS national board , on we he sits , and " I certainly got into the board room Mr. Smith to people in the system . " He also called Mr. Emerson , and told Mr. Smith " I did n’t see why The Tribune or I should continue to be associated with this show or this Mr. Smith . " By late last week , Mr. Smith Emerson had agreed to let Mr. Casey ’s original segment run this Friday , as long as it included a new " commentary " label that will run Mr. Emerson opinion segments . When I caught up with Mr. Emerson this week he acknowledged making " a Mr. Casey’s original segment " that should not tarnish a career spent mostly in broadcast Mr. Casey’s , starting in a $ 1 .    Mr. Emerson a cameraman . Mr. Emerson I had to make a decision in what was about 20 minutes , " he said . He acknowledged that " clearly we always worry about funding for public television , " but said that was n’t the " principal reason " for his decision Mr. Emerson hold back Mr. Emerson commentary . " We have to protect the neutrality of the station   —    somebody could have looked at it as slander , " Mr. Emerson said . The " commentary " label , he said , would take care of it . Mr. Casey is satisfied with the result . the neutrality of the station   he acknowledged that it Mr. Emerson a close call and that he was uniquely Mr. Emerson to push back in a way the neutrality of the station   might Mr. Emerson . " I ’m lucky to be in Mr. Emerson position of being 70 years old , and not Mr. Emerson the position of being 45 , " he said , meaning that job security was not the same issue . " There ’s no level of heroism here . " In a week in which Congress is calling for Mr. Emerson leak investigation into stories in The Washington Post , The New York Times and CNN that led to Michael T. Flynn ’s forced resignation as national security adviser , heroism is what ’s called for . Hopefully there ’s enough of it to go around . 
 