More defenders have stepped forward to refute the coordinated media attack against Deputy Adviser to the President Dr. Sebastian Gorka , formerly national security editor for Breitbart News . [ Previous support for Gorka , including a few words from this writer , can be found here . Yes , of course , we ’re eager to stand up for we former colleague here at Breitbart News , but the key point is that he does a fine job of standing up for himself he Readers are invited to review his he appearances on Breitbart News Daily , read his he posts , study his he , and decide for themselves Readers the smear campaign against him he water .   If one lacks the time for such extensive research , Richard Miniter at Forbes has written a comprehensive refutation of the attacks against Gorka , in which he Richard Miniter at Forbes the media for deliberately overlooking the dubious nature of the attacks .   Miniter Richard Miniter at Forbes exactly what game the attackers are playing : Media attacks on Gorka Gorka    and , seemingly , coordinated . Some are       assassinations , such as trying to tie Gorka Gorka    by playing      with Hungarian populists . Others contend that Gorka Gorka an " extreme " view on Islam and seeks a war with its Islam than one billion followers —   ignoring that he Gorka in his Gorka book Defeating Jihad : " We are not at war with Islam . " Then , there is the major media ’s respectful coverage of a weird Twitter storm touched off by a    " terrorism expert , " who has virtually no credentials , who nevertheless contends that Gorka is " unqualified . " Finally , there are the attacks on Gorka Gorka 2007 dissertation for having too few footnotes , among other trifles . All of these accusations are treated as news and amplified by the Washington Post , the Wall Street Journal , the New York Times and other major outlets . The aim ? Bring down another Trump national security advisor , after National Security Advisor Michael Flynn and    National Security Council spokeswoman Monica Crowley . They National Security Advisor Michael Flynn and   National Security Council spokeswoman Monica Crowley Gorka for their National Security Advisor Michael Flynn and   National Security Council spokeswoman Monica Crowley scalp . Compare Miniter ’s account of Gorka Gorka to personally respond to one critic , Michael S. Smith , with the way Newsweek writes it up . Notice how Newsweek , Newsweek NBC News , blithely christens Gorka " Gorka " in the headlines . " Controversial " is practically his middle name now . That is reliably Step One in the    process since virtually no standard of evidence is required to designate a target as controversial . A few critics of even the most questionable background are enough , if Big Media even bothers to cite critics by name at all , instead of falling back to the    " some say   …     " Also , notice how little it matters if some of the controversies are swiftly debunked , like the silly assault on the medal worn by Dr. Gorka , which Miniter also addresses . A large enough pile of nontroversies can fuel an eternal flame of " controversy " if the media feels like tending the fire . Miniter makes Miniter important point about the relentless campaign to smear Gorka as an Islamophobe : Sadly , facts do not matter . Any time analysts , like Gorka , talk about radical ideology , certain politically correct buzzers go off . Do you mean all Muslims ? Critics cry , with horror , that    of the human race is being named as our enemy . No matter how many times these politically correct idiots ( what else do you call someone who refuses to accept the plain meaning of words ? ) are reassured that Gorka does not mean what they imagine , they keep they it and keep asserting that is what is really being said . Thus , beginning in the Bush years and accelerating in the Obama years , national security documents were all but stripped of the words " jihad " and similar words . Why do these words the words "jihad" and similar words If you are going to engage the ideas that are the life force of al Qaeda and its sisters , al Qaeda must be able to name and discuss these ideas —   and their opposites . you are going to engage the ideas that are the life force of al Qaeda and its sisters politically correct do not take nearly enough heat for the aid and comfort they bring to the enemy by doing this . There is much lazy talk about what ISIS or    supposedly " want " American commentators and politicians to do . In truth , there is nothing they truly want they than for P. C. mobs to smear everyone who talks honestly about radical Islamic terrorism as an " Islamophobe " and chase them out of they public square . There is nothing they want more they for the Western Left to convince good    Muslim citizens that critiques of Islamist ideology are attacks on Islam . Totalitarians of every stripe loathe intellectual challenges and love speech controls . The Washington Free Beacon , after quoting many words of support from military and political figures in a previous profile , published another piece in which " senior White House officials " blame Obama relics for the campaign against President Trump ’s Deputy Adviser : The most recent campaign against Gorka is being fueled by career staffers and    insiders who fear being exiled by the current administration , according to senior White House officials White House the situation . " Those who are brought in [ to the White House ] White House detailed or direct hires White House but who are there because they support Trump and the Trump White House , President Trump’s people like President Trump’s , " one senior White President Trump’s official told the Free White House The official said the attacks were from one senior White House official who would " have a problem with anybody who departs from their worldview . Seb is just a lightning the attacks . " Senior White House staff has not lost faith White House , the official said . " They just do n’t one senior White House official else in the White Senior White House staff weighing in on foreign policy , " the official added , referring to career National Security Council one senior White House official branch , and State Department officials , many of whom remained in government after Trump ’s election . " The unhinged attacks on Seb Gorka are shameful but unsurprising , as they ’re coming Gorka architects of and cheerleaders for nearly a The unhinged attacks on Seb Gorka of failed Obama counterterror policy , " said one source who is close to both the White House and Gorka . There are named sources in the article too , including Rep. Mike Gallagher ( ) of the House Armed Services and Homeland Security Committees , who said Gorka is " very insightful and highly professional , " declared his Gorka patriotism is beyond question , " and dismissed the personal attacks against him as " politically motivated . " It is also worth noting his Obama holdovers in the Trump administration are thought to have been planted by , and are possibly still coordinating with , former adviser Ben Rhodes   —    a ridiculously unqualified individual whose sole talent was manipulating reporters he regarded as fools , and his major " achievement " was former adviser Ben Rhodes   massive payoff to Iran . former adviser Ben Rhodes   ’s post at Forbes notes that mainstream media editors would never have indulged the kind of lazy attacks against Rhodes they are happy to permit against Gorka . From his perch former adviser Ben Rhodes   National Review , former prosecutor Andrew McCarthy spies foul former adviser Ben Rhodes   emerging from the " swamp " of permanent Beltway corruption to feast on Gorka , having discarded the remains of their last meal , Gorka Gorka old friend and former National Security former prosecutor Andrew McCarthy spies foul creatures emerging from the "swamp" of permanent Beltway corruption to feast on Gorka, having discarded the remains of their last meal, Gorka’s old friend and former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn: Washington’s   clerisy has forged its own counterterrorism industry over the years, consisting of former investigators and intel analysts, along with the academics who collaborate with them Mike Flynn : Gorka ’s    clerisy has forged its own counterterrorism industry over the years , consisting of former investigators Washington’s   clerisy intel analysts , along with the academics who collaborate with them . Much of the work they have done is very solid former prosecutor Andrew McCarthy spies foul creatures emerging from the "swamp" of permanent Beltway corruption to feast on Gorka, having discarded the remains of their last meal, Gorka’s old friend and former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn: Washington’s   clerisy has forged its own counterterrorism industry over the years, consisting of former investigators and intel analysts, along with the academics who collaborate with them But some of it has former prosecutor Andrew McCarthy spies foul creatures emerging from the "swamp" of permanent Beltway corruption to feast on Gorka, having discarded the remains of their last meal, Gorka’s old friend and former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn: Washington’s   clerisy has forged its own counterterrorism industry over the years, consisting of former investigators and intel analysts, along with the academics who collaborate with them highly politicized   —    in the Bush years , when the powers that be took umbrage at any suggestion that Islamic culture and some mainstream currents of Islamic thought are inherently resistant to Western democracy and in the Obama years , when any whisper of the nexus between classical ,    Islamic doctrine and terrorism committed by Muslims was a firing offense .   Gorka , an American citizen who grew up in London and holds a doctorate in political science from the Budapest University of Economic Sciences and Public Administration , is an     academic . His    understanding of totalitarian ideology , as we shall see , Gorka, an American citizen who grew up in London and holds a doctorate in political science from the Budapest University of Economic Sciences and Public Administration largely based on having experienced its wages . In short , he is a    who does    share the industry ’s presumptions Gorka, an American citizen who grew up in London and holds a doctorate in political science from the Budapest University of Economic Sciences and Public Administration Worse , from the industry ’s perspective , he is an extraordinarily effective speaker and the industry’s connects well Gorka, an American citizen who grew up in London and holds a doctorate in political science from the Budapest University of Economic Sciences and Public Administration the classroom , on the page , in the council hall , and at the television studio . He is anathema to an expert class that has spent years willingly Gorka, an American citizen who grew up in London and holds a doctorate in political science from the Budapest University of Economic Sciences and Public Administration itself in the service of such farce as " countering violent extremism , " " workplace violence , " " Arab Spring , " " religion of peace , " and other manifestations of willful blindness . McCarthy writes at length about the potential rift between Gorka and Gorka new National Security Adviser , General H. R. McMaster , over using the phrase " radical Islamic terrorism , " and concludes that the administration " needs General McMaster and Dr. Gorka . " He the Trump administration Gorka ’s Gorka of totalitarianism , based on harrowing    experience . McCarthy Gorka’s others who have stepped forward to defend Gorka , McCarthy has read his book and quotes his constant concern for Muslims as the most numerous McCarthy of jihadism McCarthy —    hardly McCarthy mindset of an " Islamophobe . " " Seb Gorka has valuable insight about the need for clarity and resolve Gorka a determined , remorseless enemy . He is a resource the Trump    team is fortunate to have . Gorka ’d be well advised to keep him , regardless of the Swamp ’s preferences , " the Trump   team concludes . Gorka course , the Swamp knows how easy it can be to assemble a McCarthy of interested parties against any given target   —    the Swamp people who want his job to people who want his scalp . Obama holdovers do n’t have an administration to defend anymore , so they Obama his offense 100 percent of the time . They wo n’t have much trouble finding Obama holdovers of convenience in opportunistic members of the new administration Obama holdovers and they certainly wo n’t have any trouble finding reporters the Trump administration with any narrative they devise . Everyone Obama holdovers to play this game should ask themselves who will be next , once the Obama holdovers of the current target is downgraded beyond " controversial . Everyone 
 