   " " ( antifa ) have injured at least two police officers and torched a squad car in Cologne , Germany , after attempts to shut down a party convention for the    immigration Alternative for Germany ( AfD ) led to clashes with the authorities . [ The demonstrators , many in      Blac Bloc attire , tried to prevent roughly 600 party delegates from entering roughly 600 party delegates hotel venue , requiring police to escort roughly 600 party delegates through the security perimeter . The Guardian newspaper reports that one officer sustained a " facial injury " while doing so , leading to an arrest .   Antifa thugs harassing people who try to attend the AfD party convention in Cologne . # Germany pic . twitter .    —    Titus Starhemberg 🐸 ( @heretic027 ) April 22 , 2017 ,   Up to 4 , 000 police , many in riot gear or mounted on horseback , were deployed to control an estimated 50 , 000 demonstrators , including roughly a thousand    agitators . A police spokesman described the atmosphere as " very dynamic " and " fairly aggressive " in places . Footage broadcast by the    network showed antifa marching under the cover of smoke bombs , throwing lit flares and trying to frighten police horses . Thirteen wedding couples in the city had to be escorted by police for Thirteen wedding couples in the city own safety , with one bride telling reporters , " Thirteen wedding couples in the city ’re getting straight out and celebrating in Bochum [ another city in the region ] . " PHOTO : A banner hung up at the rally in Berkeley . pic . twitter .    —    Tim Pool ( @Timcast ) April 15 , 2017 ,   The violence in Cologne comes just days after antifa members in Berkeley , California , attacked a free speech rally organised by a number of popular conservatives . Rally attendees fought back , driving the antifa off a fair distance after one of Rally attendees own smoke bombs was blown into Rally attendees lines by the prevailing wind . Police told the Los Angeles Times that sixteen people were arrested and nine people were injured . Six had to attend the hospital for treatment , including one stabbing victim . One attendee , Donald Trump supporter AJ Alegria , described how Donald Trump was surrounded by a dozen    activists , pepper sprayed and beaten with sticks . " These people create violence all the time   …      somebody has to stand up to These people , " somebody said . 
 