Law enforcement officials told CNN on Friday that , " barring new information that changes what Law enforcement officials know , " charges will not be recommended against former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn over former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn telephone conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak . [ former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn ’s    calls to Kislyak Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak a controversy that ultimately resulted in his Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak , but even the final wave of media reports in the onslaught against him Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak that no illegal behavior occurred in the selected portions of his Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak transcripts leaked to the media . Flynn former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn defenders suspected the full transcripts were not leaked because they Flynn’s defenders prove he Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak nothing illegal . That suspicion appears confirmed by CNN ’s report :   Flynn former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn told investigators sanctions were not discussed . But FBI agents challenged him Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak asking if he Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak certain that was his Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak . He Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak he Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak n’t remember . The FBI FBI believed Flynn former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn cooperative and provided truthful answers . Although Flynn former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn n’t remember all of what he Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak about , they The FBI interviewers n’t believe he Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak intentionally misleading them The FBI interviewers the officials say . However , CNN concludes by noting , " there is still an ongoing , broader FBI FBI of Flynn former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn    dealings . " The key issue that could have spelled serious legal jeopardy for Flynn former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn the sanctions imposed against Russia in the last weeks of the Obama administration . The Washington Post noted on Thursday that Flynn former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn discussing sanctions with Kislyak in an interview with FBI FBI last month , which could have exposed him former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn felony charges of lying to the FBI However , the Post The Washington Post several officials " who said it was " unclear whether procedures would attempt to bring a case , in part because Flynn may parse the definition of the word ‘ sanctions,’ " and because he former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn the FBI FBI FBI recall everything said during his former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn with Kislyak . Eli Lake ’s influential story on the " political assassination " of Flynn at Bloomberg View Flynn a White House official who said Kislyak brought up sanctions Kislyak the conversation with Flynn . Flynn reportedly Flynn by Flynn that " the Trump team would be taking office in a few weeks and would review Russia policy and sanctions . " As Lake pointed out , that would be " neither illegal nor improper . " It would also seem like the sort of detail Flynn might forget about Flynn talking to the FBI   —    and perhaps to Vice President Mike Pence , the omission that seems to have cost him the National Security Vice President Mike Pence position . Also , when Pence defended Flynn in an interview Flynn CBS News on January 15 , he stated Flynn and Vice President Mike Pence " Flynn not discuss anything having to do with the United States’ decision to expel diplomats or impose censure against Russia . " But in an interview with the Daily Caller conducted shortly before his resignation on February Vice President Mike Pence , Flynn said he did Flynn discuss Flynn 35 Russian diplomats expelled from the United States by the Obama administration due to Moscow ’s alleged interference in the 2016 presidential campaign . " It was n’t about sanctions , it was about the 35 guys who were thrown out , " said Flynn . " So Flynn ’s what it turned out to be . It was basically , ‘ Look , I know this happened . We ’ll review everything.’ I never said anything such as , ‘ We ’re going to We sanctions,’ or anything like that . " He said this is what he apologized to Pence He failing to make clear in his discussions with the He president because Pence went on to Pence state that Flynn did not talk about the diplomats with Kislyak . Accounts of Flynn ’s interviews with Flynn FBI suggest he did n’t believe He brief reference to He expelled diplomats counted as " discussing sanctions " with the Russian ambassador . That would seem to clarify the discrepancies between various    reports about whether Flynn was in serious Flynn jeopardy with the FBI . The the FBI Committee requested full copies of the intercepted calls between Flynn and Kislyak on Flynn , along with a briefing by knowledgeable officials from the FBI and Justice Department . Independent watchdog group Judicial Watch has requested records related to the wiretapping of Flynn and Kislyak ’s Flynn , including the warrant authorizing such surveillance . In the absence of such a warrant , it may develop that Michael Flynn is off Flynn for federal charges , but the people who recorded his conversations and leaked them Flynn the press are not his conversations 
 