President Trump ’s     and senior adviser Jared Kushner did n’t disclose senior adviser Jared Kushner part ownership of a    finance startup known as Cadre , according to a Wall Street Journal review of senior adviser Jared Kushner securities and other filings . [ The Wall Street Journal that Kushner senior adviser Jared Kushner stake " means the senior White House official is currently a business partner of Goldman Sachs Group and billionaires including George Soros and Peter Thiel . " The Journal also Wall Street Journal Journal did senior adviser Jared Kushner disclose a number of loans " totaling at least $ 1 billion , from more than 20 lenders , " on properties and companies he    and Kushner " has also provided personal guarantees on more than $ 300 million of the debt . " An analysis of the debt on these assets " found ties to a broad swath of U. S. and foreign banks ,    firms ,    companies and       . "   From Jean Eaglesham , Juliet Chung , and Lisa Schwartz reporting in the Wall Street Journal : [ Kushner ’s lawyer Jamie ] Gorelick said the Cadre stake is described in a revised version of [ Kushner ’s ]    form that will be made public after it has been certified by ethics officials . She said Mr. Kushner Lisa Schwartz previously [Kushner Cadre ownership with the [Kushner of Government Ethics and that Mr. Kushner has " resigned [Kushner ’s board , assigned his voting rights , and reduced [Kushner ownership share . " A [Kushner for the Office of Government Ethics did the Office of Government Ethics request for Government Ethics    …      Mr. Kushner    Cadre in 2014 with his brother Joshua and Ryan Williams , a     friend and former employee of Kushner Cos . the    business that Mr. Kushner ran until recently . Cadre markets properties to prospective investors , who can put their money into specific buildings or into an investment fund run Cadre Cadre , which collects fees on each deal . To get off the ground , Cadre turned to a Goldman Sachs fund and a number of Cadre investors . Among them were the    firms of Mr. Thiel , Silicon Valley a Goldman Sachs fund and a number of   investors most a Goldman Sachs fund and a number of   investors David Yu ,    with Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. ’s Jack Ma of a      firm ,    manager Daniel Och and    magnate Barry Sternlicht , people close to Cadre said . Cadre also secured a $ 250 million line of credit from the family office of George Soros , a top Democratic donor whom Mr. Trump criticized during his presidential campaign , the people close to the company Cadre . Mr. Soros ’s family office is also an investor in Cadre . Read the rest here . 
    people close to Cadre Mr. Trump 