.@PatrickBuchanan : " I do n’t believe [ @POTUS ’s ] got a tape recording device , but let me say this    I think    ought to have one . " pic . twitter .   Saturday on Fox News Channel ’s " Bulls   Bears , " conservative commentator Pat Buchanan , who was also a White House aide during the Nixon administration , was skeptical of the possibility of President Donald Trump having a recording device .   Many have argued    alleged having such a device in a tweet about    interactions with    FBI Director James Comey .   FBI Director James Comey better hope that there are no " tapes " of our conversations before he   FBI Director James Comey leaking to the press !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 12 , 2017 ,   Buchanan said he Buchanan n’t think Trump Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) a recording device in the Oval Office , but suggested that he Buchanan and noted that some of his Buchanan going all the way back to President John F. Kennedy had them some of his predecessors " I do n’t believe he Buchanan got a tape recording device , but let me say this   —    I think he Buchanan to have one , " Buchanan Buchanan . " Look , he Buchanan with [ Sergey ] Lavrov , people like that . Things are said that are important . Jack President John F. Kennedy a taping system . Lyndon Johnson had one . " Buchanan Buchanan there was a distinction between Richard Nixon ’s taped conversations and those that Johnson and Lyndon Johnson used President John F. Kennedy " The problem with Nixon ’s Richard Nixon’s they were Johnson and Kennedy he said Richard Nixon’s " If I walked into the Oval Office and started talking to the president President John F. Kennedy ’re being taped , whereas Kennedy would through President John F. Kennedy switch and Johnson would throw Lyndon Johnson switch . But presidents have to have a record of what they say to presidents leaders . I do n’t think anyone would object to that . My guess is that there was no taping done . " As for asking Comey if he were under Comey , Buchanan did not fault Trump for the question given that it had been Buchanan to damage Trump ’s reputation Trump But I will say this   —    when Donald Trump asks the Trump , ‘ Am I under investigation?’ I was not outraged by that . He has spent 10 months Trump the suspicion created and pushed in the press that Donald Trump and [ Vladimir Trump conspired to get into Podesta ’s emails and that ’s damaged the president . And the president has a right to the president cleared up . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 