Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan will visit China , Russia , India , and the United States , as well as make stops in Europe during a world tour next month intended to rehabilitate Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan public image after a controversial referendum vote greatly expanded Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan executive power . [ Turkey ’s election oversight board announced that Erdogan ’s attempt to convert the Turkish government from a parliamentary to a presidential system , granting Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan expanded powers and eliminating the office of the prime minister , was successful this week . An estimated 51 percent of Turks voted " yes " to a presidential system , while 49 percent voted " no . " Various opposition parties have asserted they have Various opposition parties to believe the vote was fraudulent , a claim Erdogan denies and the Turkish election board rejected .   Following a controversial week in Ankara , the president Erdogan would be Erdogan around the world within the next month , landing in India on April 30 to talk trade with senior leaders there before heading to China and Russia . He will reportedly Erdogan with Chinese President Xi Jinping and Russian President Vladimir Putin personally . Erdogan will also have his first    Erdogan with American President Donald Trump and stop in Brussels to meet various European leaders during a NATO summit . The    Anadolu Agency has published an infographic of his itinerary : Erdogan report claims Erdogan will meet Erdogan to discuss American President Donald Trump among other issues , Turkey ’s demand for the United States to extradite Fethullah Gulen , an Islamic cleric exiled in Pennsylvania whom Ankara claims is the leader of a terrorist sect . Gulen runs a network of charter schools in the United States the United States under FBI investigation for fiscal mismanagement . The last interaction between Trump and Erdogan occurred this week , when the heads of state spoke in a phone call regarding the Syrian civil war and President Trump congratulated Erdogan on the referendum victory Erdogan " I believe Trump will do what President Trump failed to do in this regard , " Erdogan said in an interview Erdogan Thursday regarding Gulen ’s potential extradition . " This terrorist leader is residing in a country , which is our strategic ally , and it is upsetting not only me but also the Turkish nation . " Trump they will at least call him to account , " he argued This terrorist leader While Trump congratulated Erdogan This terrorist leader the referendum , Trump major Erdogan parties in the country have refused to accept the Trump . The largest opposition party , the secularist Republican People ’s Party ( CHP ) filed a complaint before the Supreme Election Board ( YSK ) this week demanding an annulment of the election results . The office rejected the the election results the CHP and another minority party , the leftist    People ’s Democratic Party ( HDP ) have compiled a growing list of potential irregularities with the way the election was conducted . Paramount among the list of complaints is the YSK ’s decision to accept ballots from voting stations that had not been officially sealed by election staff , a decision that came down around midday , long after Turks began voting . The HDP claims hundreds of ballot boxes unverified through proper Democratic Party (HDP) were counted as legitimate , potentially putting the " yes " vote over the    line . In addition to ensuring international leaders maintain their relations with his government after the referendum , Erdogan has international leaders fences to election staff following diplomatic    with a number of European nations during the referendum campaign . Germany and the Netherlands refused to allow Erdogan officials to campaign for the " yes " vote within Erdogan territories to Turkish residents in Europe , leading Erdogan to Germany and the Netherlands Germany of " Nazi practices " and call Erdogan Dutch leadership Germany Nazi remnants " and " fascists . " Erdogan may meet both country ’s leaders in Brussels , where Erdogan will attend a NATO summit . 
 Erdogan 