Former Navy SEAL Carl Higbie urged pop singer Katy Perry to try holding a concert in Syria if Former Navy SEAL Carl Higbie wants to " hug it out " with Islamic terrorists . [ Higbie , appearing as a guest on Fox News Thursday , said , " Go to hell , pop singer Katy Perry . Hold one of your concerts in Syria Syria see how that goes . "   The    SEAL was responding to Perry pop singer Katy Perry interview Tuesday on the Elvis Duran and the Morning Show in which the singer made a plea for people to " " and to remove " barriers " and " borders " after the Manchester , U. K. Islamic terrorist attack that took the lives of at least 22 people , many of them children the Manchester, U. K. Islamic terrorist attack that took the lives of at least 22 people and wounded at least 59 more .   The     Perry also gave a group hug to fans in New York City Tuesday as a sign of support for the victims of the attack that occurred at the Ariana Grande concert on Monday evening . " I love you , " Perry said The    Perry her fans fans in New York City the Daily Mail . " We ’re all in this together . " " These people fundamentally do n’t understand what ’s going on here , " Higbie continued . " They do n’t These people any of this   —    and they do n’t These people to understand , too . And that ’s why I ’m so strong against these celebrities who speak out , saying ‘ Oh , we can fight this through love , it ’s not this violent , they do n’t These people mean it . ’ this Perry supported Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential race and marched in the    Women ’s March on Washington , D. C. following Trump ’s inauguration . " We ’re putting the political correctness of the Islamic culture over the lives of our citizens   —    and we need to our that immediately , " Higbie urged . Though he was criticized for telling Perry to " go to hell , " Higbie is not Higbie down on his comments . he No . I ’m doubling down , " he told the he Caller . " The problem is that Katy Perry lives in a bubble , " he continued . he She influences millions Katy Perry young children who believe everything that comes out of her mouth . Katy Perry ’s irresponsible of her to say Katy Perry like this , when she has no Katy Perry of the situation . Open borders would be a disaster . " 
 