Alec Baldwin has come to the defense of Kathy Griffin following the widespread backlash over a photograph in which the comedian was pictured posing with a bloodied , decapitated head meant to resemble that of President Donald Trump . [ Writing on President Donald Trump Twitter account Friday , the     actor and Saturday Night Live Trump impersonator reminded Kathy Griffin of the backlash President Donald Trump experienced after President Donald Trump made fun of    lawmaker Henry Hyde during a 1998 appearance on Conan O’Brien ’s    show .   " Dear Kathy Griffin , " Baldwin wrote in a series of five Twitter messages . " Kathy   …     baby   …     I ’ve been there . The whole   lawmaker Henry Hyde thing w Conan , where we bring out an oxygen mask at the end ? A joke . That ’s what I thought . That ’s what we we . No one walked out of the studio and said , ‘ No ! We we serious!’ No one . "    Dear Kathy Griffin , Kathy   …     . baby   …     I ’ve been there . The whole Henry   lawmaker Henry Hyde w Conan , where we bring out an oxygen mask at the end ?   —    AlecBaldwin ( @AlecBaldwin ) June 3 , 2017 ,     a joke . That ’s what I thought . That ’s what we intended we No one walked out of the studio and said , " No ! We ’re we ! " No one .   —    AlecBaldwin ( @AlecBaldwin ) June 3 , 2017 ,     but all your gutless , weasels in the GOP insisted that I actually threatened Hyde . They played weasels in the GOP victim beautifully .   —    AlecBaldwin ( @AlecBaldwin ) June 3 , 2017 ,     Kathy   …     fuck them . weasels in the GOP them all weasels in the GOP 1 believes u meant 2 threaten Trump . Trump is such Trump senile idiot , all he has is Trump fights .   —    AlecBaldwin ( @AlecBaldwin ) June 3 , 2017 ,     ignore him . Like Trump leaders of all the other countries in the world . Ignore him .   Trump    AlecBaldwin ( @AlecBaldwin ) June 3 , 2017 ,   " Kathy   …     F*ck them , " Baldwin continued . " F*ck them all F*ck them believes u meant 2 threaten Trump . Trump is such a Trump idiot , all he has is Twitter Trump . " The photo of Griffin sparked widespread backlash after its publication by TMZ The photo of Griffin Tuesday . The     comedian was fired from her role on CNN The    comedian annual New Year ’s Eve Live broadcast , which she had    for The    comedian years , and saw the cancellation of at least five scheduled performances on her    comedy tour The    comedian An emotional Griffin apologized in a press conference Friday morning alongside her attorney , Hollywood An emotional Griffin lawyer Lisa Bloom , saying that she had not intended An emotional Griffin threaten the president but vowing she would continue to An emotional Griffin fun of Trump in the wake of the controversy . The comedian also said An emotional Griffin would not have been as intense had it been a man who had posed for the photo , and accused the Trump family of " bullying Trump her and trying to ruin An emotional Griffin life . Baldwin was An emotional Griffin the only celebrity to stand by Griffin in the wake of the controversy the wake of the controversy Jim Carrey the controversy should n’t " worry " about Griffin ’s joke , and advised the comedian to double Griffin holding up the president ’s " severed leg . " " I think what happens is , when these extraordinary times politically happen , and we ’re going through terror and the fear of the end , comics are the last line of defense , " Carrey told an audience at the premiere of his Showtime series actor Jim Carrey I ’m Dying Up Here . " actor Jim Carrey tell them the truth , and we make something beautiful out of it . "    Follow We Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum the truth 