Capitol Hill conservatives took satisfaction in Speaker Paul Ryan ’s ( ) decision to withdraw the American Health Care Act from the House floor Friday afternoon —   minutes before congressmen were to vote on the bill crafted to rescue the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act , Obamacare . [ " I applaud House conservatives for keeping House conservatives word to the American people and standing up against Obamacare Lite , " said Sen. Rand Paul ( ) —   the sponsor of his own bill , the Obamacare Repeal Act , S. 554 , which is the same legislation , with an updated timeline , to repeal major components of Obamacare that every Republican in the House and Senate voted to pass in 2015 .   —  the sponsor of his own bill, the Obamacare Repeal Act, S. 554, which is the same legislation, with an updated timeline, to repeal major components of Obamacare that every Republican in the House and Senate voted to pass in 2015.   was written and sponsored by Rep. Tom Price ( ) then the chairman of the House Budget Committee , now the secretary of Health and Human Services . " I look forward to passing full repeal of Obamacare in the very near future , " the senator said . Paul authored the     Obamacare Replacement Act , S. 222 . This —  the sponsor of his own bill, the Obamacare Repeal Act, S. 554, which is the same legislation, with an updated timeline, to repeal major components of Obamacare that every Republican in the House and Senate voted to pass in 2015.   the Essential Health Benefits provision of Obamacare , expands what is permitted for the Health Savings Accounts , allows Americans to buy insurance across state lines , and allows Americans to form their own insurance buying pools . No man is more responsible for the House Republican leadership pulling the Ryancare —  the sponsor of his own bill, the Obamacare Repeal Act, S. 554, which is the same legislation, with an updated timeline, to repeal major components of Obamacare that every Republican in the House and Senate voted to pass in 2015.   floor than Rep. Mark Meadows ( ) the chairman of the House Freedom Caucus . Meadows weathered incredible pressure from the White House and the Speaker ’s team , but he would not give No man on changes the HFC needed to have in hand before they swung around the over 25 solid    the caucus whipped . the House Freedom Caucus promised the people of North Carolina ’s 11th District that I would fight for a full repeal of the Affordable Care Act and a replacement with a    approach that brings down costs and provides more choices for the American people , " said Meadows , who was called out by President Donald Trump at Wednesday ’s meeting between the president and the entire House Republican Conference . " I remain wholeheartedly committed to following through on this promise , " he said . " I President Donald Trump President Trump is committed to President Donald Trump and replacing it with a system that works Obamacare American families , and I look forward to working with him do just that . " President Donald Trump man who founded and led the HFC before Meadows , Rep. Jim Jordan ( ) said House Republicans can not waste time putting together a better alternative to Obamacare . " Obamacare is a disaster , and Obamacare it remains one of my top Obamacare , " said Jordan . " It ’s why I introduced a clean repeal bill and have been pushing for a vote . " Jordan said the American Health Care Jordan was not good enough . House Republicans owe it to our House Republicans immediately get the American Health Care Act to House Republicans drawing board and bring forward a bolder effort to replace the failing Obamacare with a plan to reduce costs Obamacare increasing choice and competition , he said . We must immediately return Jordan drawing board House Republicans bring bolder effort 2 replace # Obamacare    plan 2 reduce costs by increasing     —    Rep. Jim Jordan ( @Jim_Jordan ) March 24 , 2017 ,   Utah Republican Sen. Mike Lee was a strong advocate of complete repeal of Obamacare , followed by a considerable time of debate about what to replace it with . " The decision to this bill this bill was a sound , commonsense one , " said . Lee . " We can now begin Utah Republican Sen. Mike Lee hard and necessary process to get this right , " he added . " The reality is Utah Republican Sen. Mike Lee the current House bill was not ready this bill and certainly not ready for the Senate . We need an open , transparent , and deliberate process . The stakes for all Americans are simply too high for anything else , " the senator said . Another strong conservative Utah Republican Sen. Mike Lee bill got pulled is Texas Republican Rep. Louie Gohmert , this bill state judge . Gohmert Gohmert leadership pulled the bill because they knew they lost moderate congressmen and if they this bill bill before the vote they could blame it on the House the House Republican leadership this bill the House Republican leadership would get a hall pass the House Republican leadership this bill of the politics Ryancare was the House Republican leadership , the Texan said . " This bill was going to be a problem , " Gohmert said . " this bill government , more federal control is not the answer , " he said . " The president gave it an incredible try on a bill that was really like he said   — this bill had the Texan problems , " Gohmert added . " People all over our conference were hearing from people at the Texan saying that this is a disaster . ‘ Please Gohmert n’t do this.’ There ’s so many noble people that were going , all right , ‘ I ’ll take one for the team but this is is n’t a good bill,’ " he concluded . 
 a good bill,’ 