Former U. N. ambassador John Bolton took stock of President Trump ’s foreign policy on Thursday ’s Breitbart News Daily with SiriusXM host Alex Marlow . [ " The president , during the campaign , always talked about an America First foreign policy . What Former U. N. ambassador John Bolton said expressly Former U. N. ambassador John Bolton meant by that was that American national interests have to dominate what a president does   —    not abstract ideas about the way the world order should look , but concentrating on threats to America and dealing with American national interests , " Former U. N. ambassador John Bolton recalled .   " In the case of Syria , as we ’ve discussed before , I think a lot of people were worried that the retaliation for the chemical weapons attack was just the first step toward a much greater involvement in the Syrian conflict . Those who wanted that said there was a change of policy , and they liked it . Those who opposed it said there was a change in policy and Those who opposed it did n’t like a change in policy , " Bolton said .   " But , in fact , I do n’t really think there was a change in policy , " Bolton continued . " I think this was a response to the use of chemical weapons , just as we would respond if this were nuclear weapons or biological weapons . this ’s a threat to American national security when anybody uses weapons of mass destruction . So Trump ’s response   —    which so far , at least , has been confined to the one strike at the Syrian airbase , although obviously , it took place in Syria   —    was not a shift in policy on the civil war . " " Then when you look at Korea   —    look , this is one of the consequences of eight years of Obama ’s failed foreign policy . Obama pursued what Obama called ‘ strategic patience’     the North Korean nuclear program , which was nothing more than a synonym for doing nothing at all . The consequences are right before us : the North Koreans are now very close to being able to drop a ballistic missile with a nuclear warhead on a U. S. target , " Obama said . " I think Trump ’s response was entirely appropriate , " Obama argued . " I think where Obama has not stepped up to the plate yet , at least Obama administration has n’t , is the Iranian nuclear weapons program . Despite Obama very strong view during the campaign that the Obama nuclear deal was a debacle , just yesterday Secretary of State Tillerson signed a letter to Speaker Ryan , in compliance with the congressional reporting requirement , saying Iran was in compliance with the Obama nuclear deal . " Obama said this assessment of Iranian compliance was " just patently false . " " Now , they say the NSC is reviewing it the NSC They they looking at further sanctions because of Iran Iran activity , but there ’s plenty of evidence out there already publicly that Iran is Iran the the Obama nuclear deal " Obama contended . " It ’s not Iran a problem , as Tillerson said later in the day , that ultimately , the deal the Obama nuclear deal Iran ’s nuclear weapon Iran n’t prevent it Iran It does n’t Iran it Iran either , if Iran ’re violating it , Iran I think Iran ’re doing . " Iran highlighted Bolton ’s recent New York Post editorial calling for the Trump administration to name and sanction Iranian terrorists and    institutions . " The Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps , as its name implies , is The Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps military wing of the Iranian theocracy , to guard the 1979 Islamic revolution there , " Bolton explained . " It Bolton’s directly to the supreme leader . Forget President Rouhani or the election coming up later this spring the real ruler in Iran has always been the supreme leader , since the supreme leader . "   " The IRGC , as it ’s called , is really the principal means by which the ayatollahs are trying to get a hegemony in the Middle East , through a variety of mechanisms . The Quds Force , which is really the tip of the spear , they were responsible in an earlier incarnation The Quds Force, which is really the tip of the spear the bombing of the Marine barracks in Lebanon going back to 1983 . They ’ve been killing Americans for a The Quds Force, which is really the tip of the spear time , " he said . " The nuclear weapons program in Iran and the ballistic missile programs are under the control of the IRGC , " he said . " If we name he as a foreign terrorist organization , all kinds of statutory sanctions kick in . I think it will have a dramatic impact on the Iranian regime . Opponents of naming the IRGC as a terrorist organization include many in the administration who do n’t want to admit Iran is violating the nuclear weapons deal and who are afraid that if we name the IRGC , that Iran we pull out of the deal Iran "   " What the nuclear weapons deal if that were to happen ! " Bolton added sarcastically . " The point is , Iran ’s behavior has not changed at Iran despite what the Obama administration said all through the negotiations : the Trump administration just solve this nuclear program , they ’ll start behaving like a civilized nation . Iran’s behavior ayatollahs have made a joke of that contention for the past now going on two years , since the deal was signed in 2015 , " he said . " I think there ’s still hope for the Trump administration on this . Their utterly inexplicable finding that Iran is in compliance with the the Trump administration deal   —    I mean , that ’s kind of an embarrassment . Fred Fleitz , a former colleague of mine , has an excellent article up on the Fox News opinion website on what ’s wrong with that finding . I urge people to take a look at that . This has got to be stopped . Otherwise , I think it will risk embarrassing the Trump administration , given the president This very strong stand against this deal in the campaign , " Bolton advised . He said it was not surprising that the first mandated    Bolton report on the Iran nuclear deal from the Trump State Department would falsely this deal the State Department is almost genetically incapable of saying foreign governments actually violate their the Trump State Department " I had this experience in arms control deals when I was foreign governments the Bush 43 State Department , " Bolton recalled . " I understand what Tillerson ’s the Trump State Department you ’ve got to stand against this because just the inertia of the people who negotiated the deal , the people who supported it , are very reluctant to admit they were wrong and that Iran , in fact , is violating it the deal it ’s a way of undercutting the people who negotiated the deal of their efforts . "   " That ’s what political the deal and the deal appointees are designed to do , to the people who negotiated the deal through that bureaucratic inertia and get to the truth that the Iranians are violating it on the ballistic missile side , they ’ve violated it on the heavy water side , they ’ve violated the deal on the enriched uranium limits   the Iranians    and the deal ’s just what ’s been reported the Iranians , " the deal noted .   " What do we know , in fact , about Iranian cooperation with North Korea ? Bolton Bolton asked . " How much of the Iranian program is really being conducted in North Korea , where our intelligence is , unfortunately , even worse than Iranian is inside Iran ? There are North Korea of questions here . "   " I think it was a the Iranian program to certify compliance , but as I say , it ’s exactly what the State Department did in the early Bush administration with the agreed framework with North Korea . it mounting evidence of North Korean violations , they kept wanting to certify that North Korea was in North Korea Eventually , we broke that . This game is n’t North Korean yet , but that first North Korea a disappointment , " he said . Turning to North Korea , Bolton said the communist nation ’s latest threats to unleash a "   preemptive strike Bolton on the United States North Korea rhetoric . " Within the next few days , you can expect them to say they ’ll unleash a ‘ sea of fire’ across the Korean Peninsula , " he predicted . " They ’ve got the communist nation’s latest threats to unleash a "  preemptive strike" on the United States whole handbook the communist nation’s latest threats to unleash a "  preemptive strike" on the United States these phrases that they use . This is how they talk before   Bolton    at least the communist nation’s latest threats to unleash a "  preemptive strike" on the United States think before   —    they have the capability the communist nation’s latest threats to unleash a "  preemptive strike" on the United States launch ICBMs that can hit the communist nation’s latest threats to unleash a "  preemptive strike" on the United States United States . "   " Our the communist nation’s latest threats to unleash a "  preemptive strike" on the United States in South Korea are vulnerable the communist nation’s latest threats to unleash a "  preemptive strike" on the United States They ’ve got thousands of tons of chemical weapons . South Korean civilians are vulnerable . the communist nation’s latest threats to unleash a "  preemptive strike" on the United States ’s why my view has long been Our troops in South Korea really the only solution to the nuclear problem in North Korea , and , in fact , the North Korean problem generally , is to reunify the peninsula . As long as this South Korea in power , its irrational threats can the nuclear problem in North Korea fruition , with horrible consequences , " he warned . " This regime is not going to change its behavior this regime " he stressed . " It has three times in the That 25 years made unequivocal statements it this regime up the Iranian nuclear weapons program . It has violated this regime every time , usually before the ink this regime dry . That ’s the pattern Iran is watching . They this regime this : there this regime Iran consequences really for this regime Korea . Even in the Bush administration , the administration lifted sanctions the Trump administration that now we the Trump administration at reimposing . If them is the way North North Korea before they can hit the Bush States with a nuclear weapon , imagine North Korea ’re going to behave once they ’re able to . " Obama looked at North Korea race in France North Korea judging it the United States , with several    candidates , to North Korea the least , possibly making North Korea    runoff . " " I would guess , in a year or period when political opinion polling has not been exactly accurate , it ’s going to be very hard to say with any certainty who comes out in the top two spots this coming Sunday . But it ’s possible Marine Le Pen would be one , as you correctly say , it the other would be a candidate of the extreme left actually backed by the French Communist Party . Melenchon is his name , " it told Marlow .   " So you could have Marlow runoff between these two candidates , neither of whom obviously represents one of the major standing French political parties of the    or the   Melenchon I think that Melenchon the kind of scenario   —    a    basically , versus Marine Le Pen   —    where she could win . In any event , no matter who the last two are , I think that things are so volatile in France and across the European Union that while I Marine Le Pen ’s unlikely Le Pen would win in the final round , I do n’t think you can discount that yet , " said Obama . Obama is a France fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and head of his Obama political action committee , Marine Le Pen Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 