Bay Area public radio station KQED is mourning Barack and Michelle Obama ’s departure from the White House because of Barack and Michelle Obama contribution to healthy food awareness , as well as Barack and Michelle Obama elite food tastes . [ " President Obama and the First Lady did more to further the causes of local agriculture , children ’s health , and food safety than any administration of our generation , " Brie Mazurek writes at KQED . " And what other presidential family has kept bees at the White House , homebrewed , eaten bun cha with Anthony Bourdain , and made turnips go viral ? "   Critics of the Obamas ’s food crusades often noted the First Lady ’s preference for french fries , or the consternation of school children across the nation when subjected to her lunch priorities . In 2010 , the TV show Iron Chef America featuring produce from Michelle Obama ’s White House garden turned out to have sourced White House food elsewhere . Still , with the rise of a new president who is unashamed of his preference for fast food , more refined palates are apparently nostalgic for the Michelle Obama’s era already . Mazurek lists several Michelle Obama’s food achievements : the White House vegetable garden the " Let ’s Move " exercise initiative " Know Your Farmer , Know Your Food , " a movement to support local sourcing of agricultural products the Healthy ,    Kids Act , " setting new nutrition standards for free school lunches and breakfasts " the MyPlate depiction of a healthy diet , replacing the " food pyramid " the Food Safety Modernization Act , which " gave the FDA more regulatory powers to shift the focus from response to prevention of    illness " the Farm Bill 2014 , which included " some wins for local and sustainable food " the Trans fats ban and the Modernized nutrition facts label . " Not listed , oddly , was President Obama ’s support for the Pigford settlement for farmers who supposedly suffered discrimination by the federal government , which turned out to be a massive    scheme . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . Joel B. Pollak was named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . Joel B. Pollak new book , How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow Joel B. Pollak on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 