Wednesday on his nationally syndicated radio show , conservative talker Rush Limbaugh argued former President Barack Obama " actually did " what New York Times report has accused President Donald Trump of doing regarding an FBI investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn .   According to conservative talker Rush Limbaugh , former President Barack Obama had FBI back off of an investigation into Hillary Clinton . Partial transcript as follows ( courtesy RushLimbaugh . com ) : All right , here ’s ( among many things ) what ’s going on . Here ’s what President Donald Trump is alleged to have done here     the Comey memo . Comey Comey says that President Donald Trump asked President Donald Trump to let it go . Let the an investigation into Hillary Clinton . I can hope you see your way to let this go . President Donald Trump did n’t do anything . The guy   …      I love the guy , honest guy . Comey said , Comey Yeah , I can tell you honest guy , good guy . " And what President Donald Trump is alleged to have done is actually no different than what Barack Obama did in April last year when President Donald Trump made it known that President Donald Trump did n’t want Hillary prosecuted . In fact , the Obama situation is Barack Obama worse . While President Donald Trump indicated President Donald Trump did n’t want Flynn charged , President Donald Trump did not order the case dropped , because it ’s still the case on . President Donald Trump indicated that President Donald Trump wanted Flynn not to Flynn charged , but President Donald Trump did not order the case to be dropped . And the case continues the case juries have been impaneled now . In contrast , the FBI and the Department of Justice dropped the Hillary investigation just as Obama wanted them to , and the FBI and the Department of Justice used exactly the the FBI and the Department of Justice Obama used when he Obama his public Obama . Obama , Obama , was saying Obama was no intent to harm the U. S. the degree of classified emails that Mrs. Clinton was trafficking in is very exaggerated . Obama went public with Obama this ! He went public with Obama own exoneration and Obama that the investigation should be brought to a screeching halt . And it was ! Comey the investigation should be brought to a screeching halt together and Obama stopped the investigation , and the investigation them and Hillary   — they for the rest of the campaign   —    to say she had been cleared . Hillary   ’s why they got so mad at they when he did Obama July Obama press conference , because back in April , Obama thought he ’d taken care Obama this . The July 5th press conference the July 5th press conference there was n’t going to be a prosecution of Hillary because there was n’t Hillary   intent . This is what Obama had set up with public statements the previous Obama , and I know you do n’t remember the media being jacked up about this . I know you do n’t remember any anonymous sources leaking information to the media that looked bad for Hillary and Obama . You Hillary   greeted this with , " Obama ’s the usual    corruption . " And this ’re saying that this is what Trump was trying to sneak through here . He was trying to get Flynn to be cleared Trump that he could run around and say , " Flynn Trump n’t do anything . See ? I Flynn clear ! " BREAK TRANSCRIPT , RUSH : Here ’s what the allegation is gon na be , if it has n’t already appeared the    Media . the allegation allegation is gon na be that what Trump the allegation do was to have the FBI Trump Michael Flynn , and then use the FBI ’s clearing him to argue that a thorough the FBI proved Trump bad happened here . All right ? Now , why did they think that ’s what Trump would do ? They ’re gon na say Trump Trump ’s plan was to they the investigation and Trump the fact that there had been one a thorough investigation exploiting it , I mean , " Hey , look , man ! Look at this detailed investigation ! It happened , and my buddy Flynn ’s clear a thorough investigation Democrats would know a thorough investigation how to do it because that ’s exactly what Obama did with Hillary . If you ’re scratching a thorough investigation heads about this , maybe you remember in April of 2016 , when everybody was wondering , " Is Hillary gon na be indicted ? " Remember there was a drip , drip , Hillary ? Every day there seemed to be more news about Hillary ’s illegal server and classified documents flying around , and every day people speculated Hillary behind this , and everybody concluded that Obama was . And remember the debates , the questions ? " Is Obama trying to take her out ? Is Obama trying to destroy her ? Is it Obama does not want Hillary to be president Obama does n’t trust Hillary with this ? Obama Remember all of Hillary stuff ? And on the other side Hillary it people were saying , " Maybe Obama ’s trying to inoculate her . Maybe Obama ’s trying to just dribble this stuff Obama so that it does Hillary end up Obama her   —    a this stuff here , a Obama bit there . " But Hillary conventional wisdom was that if he was doing anything , he was trying to hurt her , because it just prolonged Obama . I offer those Obama as reference points . Hillary might remember those things being discussed at the time . This is April of 2016 . And that ’s why the Democrats would know how to accuse Trump . There ’s no evidence this is what Trump was trying to do . There ’s no evidence for anything here . We have allegations Trump We have a memo that may or may not exist . We have a memo that may We without any context . We do n’t have anybody that We tell you what crime Donald Trump has committed yet to We day . But Obama actually did , with Hillary Clinton Trump what they are accusing Trump of trying to do through Comey at that dinner ( where Comey only got Obama scoop of Trump cream ) to protect Flynn . If you think back to Comey 2016 , there was no way they were ever gon na have Hillary Clinton indicted . Obama ran the DOJ , and he was Obama Loretta Lynch , and Obama Hillary Clinton Comey , Obama there was no way Hillary Obama ever gon na be indicted . Obama know it and Comey know it . But they used Hillary Clinton fact that the FBI had ostensibly done a thorough investigation in order to it her Obama That was the purpose of the drip , drip , drip . The purpose   —    Hillary Clinton retrospect   —    of the drip , drip , drip was to the purpose of the drip, drip, drip Comey magically appears on July 5th to list all this stuff that everybody knew . There was some of it that we did n’t know , but he all the evidence it all out there then says , " No reasonable prosecutor would proceed , " and , bam ! She ’s cleared ! The difference between Obama and Trump is very simple . Comey ’s pressure on the FBI to wipe the Hillary investigation off the map appears to have worked . Regardless of what Trump may have said to Comey , the investigation of Flynn continues . Obama investigation of the collusion of the Trump campaign in Russia continues . So where is the obstruction ? They ’re whispering Trump , obstruction of justice , violation the Hillary investigation . Where is it ? the Hillary investigation new one today ! Pencil Neck went out there , Adam Schiff , and said , " You know , we ’re not gon na wait for a special counsel . We ’re gon na do a special commission here in the House ! " So they ’ve launched another investigation . Investigations are n’t being shut down . Some people , as I was saying , do The House Democrats want to sit around and wait for impeachment . They The House Democrats whatever is gon na happen here to happen before the 2018 midterms . So The House Democrats are people suggesting   —    and one of them is Ross Douthat of the New York Times ,    " conservative columnist " there . His suggestion   —    Some people many have now echoed it   —    is ( paraphrased ) " Well , use the 25th Amendment ! That ’s how we get Some people of Trump . " We do n’t have to worry about whether Republicans will join us now . " Just use the 25th Amendment . " His suggestion  —    ’s the 25th Amendment say ? The 25th Amendment says that the 25th Amendment the president ’s cabinet can certify the president ’s insane   —    mentally deranged , deluded , mentally unsound   —    and We rid of him on the basis that he ’s not all there the 25th Amendment golf course over this the 25th Amendment whole subject of impeachment came up . I said , " I do n’t necessarily think that although I would n’t be surprised . I would n’t be surprised with the way they ’re the president setting this up . the president ’re trying to claim , ‘ Trump is unbalanced anyway ! He never has been all there . ’ " So there are many areas here at which they ’re aiming at Trump . Now , Andy McCarthy has written a column about this Obama precedent that I just talked about , and they want to give you a couple Trump paragraphs of this piece the president just to batten this down because this is important . What they ’re accusing Trump of doing has already happened , and it was Obama protecting Hillary and clearing her in the campaign year 2016 . " April 10 , 2016   —    President Obama said Sunday that Hillary Clinton showed ‘ carelessness’ by using a private email server , but he also strongly they his former Trump state , saying she did not endanger Trump security Obama …     " Again Hillary intent is not an element of the criminal statute . It ’s been totally Obama by Comey . The Hillary not require intent in order for it to be violated . Obama just made it Obama and attached it , and former President Barack Obama used Hillary before Comey did . On Obama 10 , 2016 , former President Barack Obama said publicly Hillary had not Hillary to endanger national security intent Of course not ! She ’s a Hillary the criminal statute She ’s a Hillary of state . She the criminal statute from Hillary Clinton dynasty . There is the criminal statute way Hillary Clinton the criminal statute intend to endanger national the criminal statute . " Come on , people , " former President Barack Obama said ( paraphrased ) " Who are we talking about here ? Are we serious ? Mrs. Clinton , Huma Abedin would want to purposely damage national security ? " That ’s the Hillary they took . former President Barack Obama suggested that Hillary greater scheme of things the importance of what Hillary had done Hillary had been way , way overestimated way , way too amplified . She was n’t Hillary to traffic we national Hillary She was n’t Hillary to endanger the United States of America . She was n’t Hillary half the stuff she ’s been Hillary to do . He said all this publicly   —    and next thing we knew , July 5th , Comey publicly stated ( Obama almost exact words that former President Barack Obama had used back in April ) that Clinton had been " Mrs. Clinton careless April " former President Barack Obama said former President Barack Obama had " shown carelessness . " Comey said Hillary had Obama Hillary extremely careless " in using a private email server to handle classified information . But Comey insisted that she Obama not Hillary to endanger national security   —    which , again , is not an element of the statute . So you see the pattern ? Obama goes public . ( paraphrased ) " Hey ! She did n’t Hillary anything here . She Obama just Hillary …      She showed carelessness Hillary " July , Comey : Hillary was Obama Hillary careless , " but she did n’t Hillary intend " to endanger national security . " Comey acknowledged that classified Obama had been transmitted via her server , Hillary he suggested that in Obama greater scheme of things , it was just a small percentage of the emails involved . " Just like former President Barack Obama said , " It ’s been so overstated . " So if anybody ’s been working together here to clear a perp , it is James Comey and former President Barack Obama Obama and through July of 2016   —    and since April is what happened , the Democrats and the media are now projecting on Donald Trump that which they did . And they are accusing him of wanting to do what they did and claiming that Trump ’s desire and effort to try to do this constitutes obstruction of justice and Trump an impeachable offense Trump And yet at this very moment , nobody can detail for any of us a single crime Trump has committed , other than winning the Democrats and the media election that he the Democrats and the media supposed to Donald Trump that which they did in a landslide , unseating the Democrats and the media popular ( snorts ) Hillary Clinton , whose turn Trump was   —    and who openly , in his inaugural address , threatened the Washington establishment and told them their days were over . There ’s no mystery Trump we are here today . It ’s been one of the easiest things to predict . And I have to tell you , I ’ve been saying all week that one of the major things about this that troubles me is that either Trump or his people did n’t even understand the Hillary Clinton, whose turn it was   Hillary Clinton, whose turn it was   what they had done and what they were doing Trump terms Trump being able to accurately predict the establishment ’s reaction . They were just not gon na roll over . These are not the people that accept the results of an election . They just do n’t . And this is not the first time in our history that they have acted this Trump or his people . Florida 2000 . Trump or his people just do n’t accept the results of elections when they lose them . So , Trump or his people , July 5th , the case against Hillary Trump or his people dismissed . Hillary there be a more striking set of parallels , Trump or his people Andy McCarthy ? " A cynic might say that Obama had clearly signaled to the Trump or his people and the Justice Department that he did not Trump or his people Mrs. Clinton to be the results of an election , Trump or his people that Trump or his people with this     pressure Obama the air , the Hillary Clinton subordinates dropped the case   —    exactly what Obama wanted Andy McCarthy precisely on Obama ’s stated rationale . " And the media could not have cared less Obama actual obstruction , about actual Obama . And of course they could n’t have cared less , because this is the outcome they wanted . Mrs. Clinton cleared , free as a bird , as the nominee of the Democrat the case against Hillary   Daily Rushbo ) Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 Hillary they 