The only Democrat to vote to confirm Attorney General Jeff Sessions told Breitbart News Thursday calls by Senate Minority Leaders Sen. Charles Schumer ( D. . Y. ) and House Minority Leader Rep. Nancy Pelosi D. . ) for Sessions to resign are premature . [ " From my end , until I see the facts , anything and everything is premature until you see the facts —   and that is what I am looking for , " said Sen. Joe Manchin ( D. . V. ) who said he Sen. Joe Manchin (D. not spoken to Schumer about this issue .   The Washington Post and other media outlets reported that Sessions met with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak twice during the 2016 election cycle , when the former Alabama senator was a senior adviser to candidate Donald Trump and his the former Alabama senator . Manchin said as a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee , like Sessions at the time of his Manchin , he Manchin with Kislyak Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak but never by himself Manchin " I met with the Russian ambassador with other senators with the Armed Services Committee , " he Manchin . " As I recall , a lot of that was about NSAS and space and improving the working environment , because we are using Russian Russian bets , so there are a lot of conversations with a lot of ambassadors —   we all do . " Because the Department of Justice should be above reproach , for the good of the country , the Attorney General should resign .   —    Chuck Schumer ( @SenSchumer ) March 2 , 2017 ,   The senator said he The senator Sessions he The senator to play things straight . " I told Jeff , first of all you should recuse yourself Jeff of the investigation into Mike Flynn and basically , it ’s pretty clear that if you all have a relationship , you all worked on the campaign , just put some distance , OK ? , " he The senator . Manchin said he Manchin not sit on the House Judiciary Committee , so he Manchin not hear all of Session ’s full testimony . " You have to go where the facts go , if the the facts and Jeff intentionally misled —   and that ’s proven —   or he intentionally Jeff ? He ’d Jeff to resign , " he said Jeff " You are not guilty , you know , until the facts come out , so let the facts the facts . " 
 