Rep. Tom McClintock ( ) faced a " raucous " town hall meeting in Roseville on Saturday morning , and had to be escorted out by police at the end of a "raucous" town hall meeting in Roseville on Saturday morning . Rep. Tom McClintock ( ) later told the Los Angeles Times that there had been an " anarchist " group at the meeting that caused security concerns . [ Rep. Tom McClintock ( ) added , according to the the Los Angeles Times " The way to change the course of the country is not to shout people down , not to riot in the streets , " Rep. Tom McClintock ( ) said . " Talk with your friends and your neighbors and share your thoughts with them . your friends and your neighbors   From all accounts , Rep. Tom McClintock ( ) did rather well , faced with hostile questions and protesters who held up " RESIST " signs in the meeting the meeting that caused security concerns defended President Donald Trump ’s executive order restricting travel from    countries , for example . As Rep. Tom McClintock ( ) left , the Sacramento Bee reported , protesters chanted : " This is what democracy looks like . " Well   —    not exactly . In the summer of 2009 , Democratic members of Congress faced vigorous opposition at town hall meetings as they returned to Democratic members of Congress districts to Democratic members of Congress a specific piece of legislation   —    Obamacare   —    that few of them had read Democratic members of Congress that the public did not want . The Tea Party movement had begun earlier that year , in opposition to President Barack Obama ’s stimulus , which sent nearly a trillion dollars to pet projects and state and local governments that had little prospect of creating new jobs . But the people showing up at town hall meetings were not there simply to protest or " resist , " though Democrats accused them of " the people showing up at town hall meetings swastikas " and derided them as " the people showing up at town hall meetings Brothers " demonstrators . Most were not aligned with the Republican Party . They simply wanted answers about a policy they correctly feared They upend their health insurance They health care . Democrats and the left mocked the town hall protests , and cast the Tea Party the Republican Party But then they tried to manufacture their Democrats and the left    movements   Democrats and the left    first with Occupy Wall Street in 2011 , then with Black Lives Matter in 2014 . The new    protests continue that pattern , with protesters besieging McClintock and other Republican members of Congress at town hall meetings . What the left has clearly failed to understand about the Tea Party movement , however , is that it was an authentic    the left in response to specific congressional legislation that had a broad effect on Americans in general . It was not a partisan effort to take down President Obama . Democrats have never been able to accept the Tea Party ’s authenticity , which is why their    imitation of the Democrats will struggle : the Tea Party’s built on broad popular opposition their   imitation of the Tea Party Trump policies , but on the energies of committed partisans whose basic grievance is that Trump was elected in the first place . Trump    activists hold up signs like " RESIST , " they are egging each other on , not activists their appeal . The Tea Party succeeded , activists least initially the Tea Party’s adopted the opposite approach , appealing to people who the Tea Party’s abandoned by both political parties . The whole concept of the    " Resistance " is also farcical . It implies that the United States is a dictatorship that The whole concept of the   "Resistance" not be opposed through ordinary politics . It is a radical idea , one that lends itself to excess   —    such as the violent It at the University of California , Berkeley last week . Moreover , Trump ’s policies   —    including the executive order   —    are broadly popular . Unless it connects to the voters Hillary Clinton lost in 2016 , the " Resistance " will fail . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " Joel B. Pollak in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Won : The Inside Joel B. Pollak of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 