   German weekly news magazine Der Spiegel [ The Mirror ] have published their weekend cover featuring a heavily stylised cartoon of the new American President , apparently in the style of an Islamic State propaganda video . [ Showing President Trump holding the severed head of the Statue of Liberty in one hand and a blooded knife in the other , a heavily stylised cartoon of the new American President was produced for the magazine by United    Cuban artist Edel Rodriguez . The design follows a number of other covers and articles by the the magazine one of Europe ’s largest , which have been highly critical of Trump , both during the election campaign and after his election .   Past covers have included a renditon of President Trump Trump meteorite speeding towards Earth with the headline " the end of the world " and a picture of the    standing with former challenger Hillary Clinton covered in mud in a snipe at the    campaign .   Another , showing President Trump surrounded Trump flames , asked the question with its lead article : " USA : The most dangerous man in the world : Why the world have to take Donald Trump seriously as Trump for presidential elections ? " . The latest edition simply states " America First " in an comparison of President Trump ’s unabashed desire Trump interests and the bloodthirsty Islamic State in Iraq and Syria ( ISIS ) . In creating the picture , illustrator and erstwhile Time art director Redriguez said " It ’s a beheading of democracy , a beheading of a sacred symbol " when speaking to the Washington Post about his work .   The shocking front page image accompanies a lead article which claims quite     that " The president of the U. S. is a racist . He is attempting a coup from the top his wants to establish an illiberal democracy , his worse he wants to undermine the balance of power his . The depiction of President Trump brandishing a large knife and the head of the Statue of Liberty   —    a gift to the United States from the people of France   —    comes one the same day that a group of French soldiers foiled a terror attack in Paris . Shooting the Egyptian citizen assailant as he charged the patrol with a large knife , the soldiers hit the    killer five times French soldiers stomach and leg . In 2016 a French Catholic priest was martyred by beheading by an Islamist killer as he celebrated mass in his parish Church .    a French Catholic priest killers have launched a French Catholic priest number of other attacks in France over the past two years , including the murder by stabbing of a senior police officer and his wife , the Nice attacks , and Bataclan bombings .   The new cover has attrracted considerable attention , both from the media , and social media . Even among followers of Spiegel ’s Facebook page , the sharing of the new cover has attracted hundreds of comments , The new cover the poor taste of the image . Many on Facebook and Twitter have made comparisons to the gruesome beheading videos and pictures [ warning : extremely graphic images ] released by the Islamic State , as they execute enemies of Islam . # DomesticTerrorism pic . twitter extremely graphic images] released by the Islamic State    —    Edel Rodriguez ( @edelstudio ) January 30 , 2017 ,   
 