When the Trump administration sounded a triumphant chord announcing a set of trade deals with China this week , the most striking new policy was the announcement that the United States would be sending a delegation to a forum in Beijing devoted to China ’s ambitious " One Belt , One Road " international investment , infrastructure and trade program . [ One Belt , One Road , often known by the ugly acronym OBOR , is China scheme to create a network of roads , railways and ports connecting the Euro landmass from East China to Europe through south and central Asia . Since President Xi Jinping launched One Belt , One Road in 2013 many countries in Europe Europe Asia —   and most recently , Canada —   have signed up to participate in this giant investment and infrastructure program .   Obama the Trump administration however , reacted with indifference and , behind the scenes , even hostility . Many policymakers in the U. S. viewed it as either a giant , wasteful boondoggle or a threat to American leadership . Japan also refused to play along with One Belt , One Road . The decision by the Trump administration to send a delegation to the One Belt , One Road forum caught many by surprise . Given President Donald Trump ’s tough talk on trade and rejection of the    Partnership , the conventional wisdom was that Trump would President Donald Trump or even amplify the Obama administration ’s resistance to playing a role in One Belt , One Road . Perhaps it took an economic nationalist to recognize how the U. S. could benefit from participation in One Belt , One Road . In the first place , Trump ’s President Donald Trump stance on trade puts him in Trump’s position to negotiate a U. S. role in the project without fear of seeming to be selling out U. S. interests . Think about the famously    Richard Nixon opening U. S. U. S. Communist China . It seems likely that Trump sees President Donald Trump Belt , One Road as bearing a family resemblance to the the massive infrastructure program he would President Donald Trump to launch in the U. S. The combination of innovative financing with ambitious plans to build roads and railways could present a learning opportunity for Trump administration . There ’s also a more practical aspect . One of the motivations behind the launch of One Belt , One Road was to give massively overbuilt domestic Chinese industries —   including construction , cement , steel and coal —   new sources of demand . Reducing excess industrial capacity in China , however , could have the effect of bolstering prices globally . Steel makers in the U. S. would be beneficiaries of a Chinese government program that sent Chinese steel to build rails , bridges and tunnels across Eurasia instead of into the U. S. market . Trump has surprised many political and economic " thought leaders " by seeking better relations with China but that is more of a reflection of their misunderstanding than many political and economic "thought leaders change on the part of Trump . When Trump rejected the Trump in favor of free trade agreements , they saw the many political and economic "thought leaders alternative as hostility and trade wars . Trump never presented Trump views on Trump in those terms , instead insisting that better leadership could lead to better outcomes for the U. S. economy and U. S. workers .  
 