Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s spokesman said in an interview that Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak , who met with Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign , also met with advisers to the Hillary Clinton campaign . [ " Well , if you look at some people connected with Hillary Clinton during her the Hillary Clinton campaign you would probably see that Russian President Vladimir Putin’s spokesman had lots of meetings of that kind , " Dmitry Peskov told CNN ’s GPS host Fareed Zakaria on Sunday . " There are lots of specialists in politology , people working in think tanks advising Hillary or advising people working for Hillary . Hillary    Peskov said Dmitry Peskov is the Russian ambassador ’s job to talk " bilateral relations " with officials on both sides . He added Dmitry Peskov the meetings were in no way an attempt to interfere in the 2016 election . " But there were no meetings about elections   —    electoral process    …      So if you look at it with intention to demonize Russia , you would probably say that , yes , he was Dmitry Peskov to interfere in Hillary ’s activities . But it would be nonsense because this is not true , " Peskov said . Peskov also Peskov that Putin never supported Trump when he was Putin presidential candidate . " You would probably recall that President Putin Putin election campaign , had never answered directly a question about his candidate of Putin support . Putin kept saying Putin we will respect a choice of American people , " Peskov told Zakaria . But Peskov did say Peskov preferred Trump Putin Clinton , noting that the Russian president Putin name before . The spokesman claimed that Putin believed Hillary Clinton to Putin a Clinton outlook on Russia than Trump . " The candidate Putin preferred Trump over Clinton Clinton was quite negative about Clinton in her attitude and in Russia , declaring The candidate Hillary Clinton being nearly the The candidate Hillary Clinton evil in the Russia and the main threat for the United States , " Peskov said . " And to the contrary , the other candidate , Donald Trump , was saying that , ‘ Yes , we disagree with the Russians    …      in lots of issues , but we have to talk to them in order to try to find some the other candidate, Donald Trump . ’ " The Russian ambassador had also made it a point to visit the Obama administration often . The ambassador visited Obama at the White House The Russian ambassador . The Obama administration also facilitated the meeting between the the Obama administration    Jeff Sessions . 
 Russian 