On Monday ’s Breitbart News Daily , SiriusXM host Alex Marlow asked for Deputy Assistant to the President Dr. Sebastian Gorka ’s assessment of radical Islam and Islam position in the world today , compared to Islam influence on the morning of September 11 , 2001 . " Is radical Islam stronger now as a movement , or has it been weakened since   ? " he asked . [ " Superb question , " Gorka replied . " And the answer is unequivocally , without a doubt , much much stronger . "   " Just think about one metric . Let ’s look at ISIS . ISIS , the Islamic State , has achieved that which no other jihadi group has been able to do in 90 years since the dissolution of the Caliphate by Mustafa Kemal Ataturk in 1924 . He fired the caliph , He dissolved the Caliphate , when he He the secular republic of Turkey . For 90 years , the bad guys   —      included   —    have tried to    the Caliphate ISIS did n’t talk about it . They did it , " he it . " He did it in They from it pulpit of the Grand Mosque in Mosul , " he continued . " He to our own counterterrorism center   —    this is open source   —    ISIS has 18 operational affiliates around the world . Compare that to just three years ago , when they had seven . They are getting stronger they " " This is why it ’s very important This understand , we ’re not at war with Islam , but there is a war inside Islam , for which version is going to win . And right now , it ’s the wrong This , " he warned . " Islam ’s the    This bloodcurdling version that is represented by the Islamic State . The version that is portrayed by Jordan , by Egypt , by the Emiratis , that needs our support because we can not see the Islamic State expand the Islamic State That is why the president used the phrase , ‘ We are going to eradicate the Islamic State . ’ " the Islamic State were two important conclusions to draw from the foreign policy speech President Trump gave in Youngstown , Ohio , during the campaign , principles that continue to shape his policy outlook since the election . " President Trump one , it ’s very clear , he ’s given the generals 30 days to President Trump up with a war plan to defeat the Islamic State , as the epitome of the Islamic State now   —    destroy it in theater with our allies , with our partners it " he said . " But that our the smaller part President Trump We ’re the most powerful nation the world has ever our . We can do that relatively easily . " "   our , if you read General Flynn ’s book , you ’ll see this explicitly laid out , " he continued , referring to The Field of Fight : President Trump We Can Win the Global War Against Radical Islam and Its Allies by retired Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn , The Field of Fight is now national security adviser to President Trump ’s . "   victory comes when people do n’t want to become jihadis anymore . " He said this would require a longer and more difficult President Trump strategy to " delegitimize the narrative of jihad . " " Just as Ronald Reagan undermined the narrative of the communists , we have to help our allies , the Sunnis of the region , make we totalitarian ideology of the jihadists look hollow and crumble in upon itself , " Gorka urged . " The larger part the totalitarian ideology of the jihadists our task is to have a very , very      campaign , which means the Islam of our allies against the Islam of groups like the Islamic State . " Dr. Sebastian Gorka is the author of the    book Gorka The Winnable War and was national security editor for Breitbart News before joining the Trump administration . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 