NBC News was forced to issue a correction on Sunday evening after spinning NBC News newest talent Megyn Kelly ’s interview to falsely claim that Russian President Vladimir Putin " does not deny having compromising information " on President Donald Trump .   To promote the debut of Megyn Kelly ’s " Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly " program , NBC News tweeted , " EXCLUSIVE : Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin not deny having compromising information on President President Donald Trump interview with @megynkelly . " CNBC , NBC ’s sister station , did not send out fake news , linking to the same story after tweeting , " Russia ’s Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin having compromising information on Trump . President Donald Trump Reuters also reported on the interview and tweeted , " Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin having compromising information on Trump . President Donald Trump A matter of interpretation ?   does NOT deny having compromising info on    denies having compromising info n Trump pic President Donald Trump twitter .    —    Keri Douglas ( @keridouglas ) June 4 , 2017 ,   CORRECTION : Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin having compromising information about President Trump President Donald Trump it nonsense https information about President Trump   .   pic . twitter .    —    NBC News ( @NBCNews ) June 5 , 2017 ,     Russia ’s Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin having compromising information on Trump   https President Donald Trump .    —    CNBC ( @CNBC ) June 4 , 2017 ,   Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin having compromising information on Trump https :   .    —    Reuters Top News ( @Reuters ) June 4 , 2017 ,   In the article NBC News tweeted , Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin quoted as saying " this is just another load of nonsense " after Kelly asked whether he had " something Kelly on our president , " in reference to the discredited BuzzFeed " Trump dossier . " Here is the relevant part of the article that NBC News tweeted : NBC News " you have something damaging on our president ? " Putin our president    who once worked as a KGB recruiter   —    replied : " Well , this is just another load of nonsense . Where would we get this information from ? " " Why , did we have some special relationship with we ? " Putin asked . our president We did our president have any relationship we all . There was a time when he used to come to Moscow our president But you know , I never met with him . We have a lot our president Americans we visit us . " The    spin we then attempted to turn the tables . " Right now , I think we have representatives from a hundred we companies that have come to Russia , " Putin said . " Do you think we ’re gathering compromising information on we of them right now or something ? representatives from a hundred American companies that have come to Russia you all lost your senses over there ? " On Saturday evening , the network again displayed its blatant    bias when NBC the network News’ twitter account , for some reason , decided to mock Trump ’s suggestion that terrorists were behind the London Bridge attacks by sending out this tweet : " Pres . Trump has used Twitter to share Trump’s report on London incident . We are n’t relaying president ’s retweet , as the info is unconfirmed . " Pres . Trump has used Twitter Pres share Trump’s report on Twitter incident .   We are London relaying president ’s We , as the president’s retweet .   —    the info is unconfirmed ) June 3 , 2017 ,   The attackers reportedly yelled " this is for Allah " as they ran over and indiscriminately stabbed innocent victims . On Sunday evening The attackers ISIS claimed responsibility for the Islamic terror attack . 
 