Friday on CNN ’s " New Day , Duffy went back and forth on whether or not there was the existence of evidence that President Donald Trump ’s 2016 presidential campaign and Russia .   While Duffy maintained there was no evidence of collusion , Cuomo insisted Duffy offer proof there was no evidence Chris Cuomo collusion Duffy Transcript as follows : CUOMO : You make a lot of points that Chris Cuomo consideration there , congressman . First of all , I would hope you have the same perspective on so many members of your party who say there ’s no evidence of collusion . because we both know , as attorneys , it is naive at best to suggest we could know . We do n’t know what we FBI has or we they do n’t have now in the hands of the FBI Mueller . And to suggest that this relatively early in an investigation for the FBI   —    they often look at the FBI —   that they the FBI know or they should have told people what they the FBI and the proof the FBI be out there , that the FBI equally deceptive , do n’t you think ? REP . SEAN DUFFY , ( R ) WISCONSIN : So again , I ’m not buying into the fact there was any collusion between President Trump   —    CUOMO : But you ca n’t know whether there was or not . That ’s my point . How do you know there was none ? How do you know there was ? You ca n’t know . You do n’t know the proof . DUFFY : But Chris , I agree with you , but you do n’t know that either . And Chris know , the cable news networks are aflame of running stories about collusion between Trump and Russia , and you do n’t know , and President Trump   do n’t know that . CUOMO : But it ’s equally wrong   —    if   CUOMO do n’t like that some media , and I know you ’re not talking about us because you know I ’d never front run it , but if you do n’t like people are artificially it there was collusion , to say artificially that there was no collusion is equally wrong , right ? You ’re not being better in that situation . You ’re being a manifestation of the same problem . DUFFY : What I think is happening is there is a conversation about collusion , and my point is there ’s no evidence of collusion   —    CUOMO : We do n’t know what the evidence is . Why do us think you would know no evidence of collusion   ’s evidence of collusion ? Why would you know ? DUFFY : Here ’s why I think I would know   DUFFY    Washington is leaking like a sieve . There is no secrets   —    the president , President Trump ca n’t have a conversation with the president of Mexico without it being leaked . There ca n’t be a conversation with a no secrets   diplomat without that conversation being leaked . There are no secrets and whether it a conversation with the president of Mexico conversation that Flynn had   —    that conversation was unmasked and leaked . Leaks everywhere . If there was evidence , if there was information about Donald Trump colluding with the Russians , I have every confidence that would have been leaked to the press and you would have been able to run with that story because everything has been leaked . There are no secrets . There are no secrets , there are no private conversations and that ’s why I no secrets pause   —    CUOMO : You can have pause . You can have pause . There ’s every reason for pause because it ’s an unknown . I ’m just saying it ’s such a gross assumption that you ’re making . Because it did it leak , we should assume it ’s not true . However it when information does leak , you question it because it was leaked . I mean , do n’t you see the it at it in that ? DUFFY : No , I want to take a step back . You have no evidence of there was collusion or there was n’t collusion . There ’s no evidence to either of our sides . CUOMO : No , no   —    that ’s not accurate . We do n’t know   —    what I ’m saying is I do our know what they have . You ’re saying , yeah , but it would have leaked , and it has n’t leaked , so there must be none . That ’s what it ’re saying . DUFFY : So there is no public information right now about collusion between Donald DUFFY and the Russians , right ? We agree on that point ? CUOMO : I say that ’s a fair our . Some people argue otherwise CUOMO but I take your point . DUFFY : What is the evidence ? I have n’t seen any evidence to DUFFY fact between Trump and Russia . CUOMO : You know the old notion from Barry Scheck Donald Trump to CUOMO evidence . The absence of evidence is not the evidence of absence and we all tried to figure out what it all means .   The point being , just because we do n’t know does n’t mean you should assume the negative . It must not we all because I do n’t know about it yet . The investigation is ongoing . Is n’t respecting the process not speculating on It you know and what you do n’t ? You make that guys make that point all the time . DUFFY : But Chris , if you ’re a viewer or a consumer of news , I do n’t think that point has been made and i think you ’re making a reasonable point that I do n’t know . But I think if I listen to different panels on different networks , I think the drumbeat is there must be something there . There ’s got to be evidence . There is collusion . Why are people talking impeachment ? I ’ve heard the impeachment story for days , Chris . It ’s because there would have been evidence of collusion between President Trump and Chris Russians . And you just pointed out and agree with me that we have n’t seen any evidence thus far publicly to that fact . So why is there a drumbeat of impeachment ? CUOMO : Politics . And what I ’m saying is it ’s equally egregious to assume   —    I ’m saying it ’s equally egregious . ( CROSSTALK ) CUOMO : You ’re feeding the ’m narrative it I ’m saying is symptomatic of the CUOMO: Politics problem . saying there should be impeachment when you ’m n’t know the proof is the same as saying there ’s never anything wrong because there is n’t proof . DUFFY : I do n’t want to go   —    I do n’t want to    with you but I want to be very clear on one point . CUOMO : Please . DUFFY : If there ’s evidence , I would love to come CUOMO: Politics and talk about DUFFY evidence . I think the news media and Democrats are jumping the gun and they evidence about impeachment and they ’re talking about collusion when we do n’t have any the news media and Democrats . It could be there the news media and Democrats but no public evidence exists to that point right now and I think that point should readily be made not only by all politicians but all news outlets because it that point exist . It could come , and I would love to have that conversation   —    CUOMO : Do it say it does n’t exist , just say we do n’t know . DUFFY : Oh , no . it on , Chris . CUOMO : And would also agree that calling it a witch hunt   —    DUFFY : Chris CUOMO you ’re splicing my words . CUOMO :   —    and a hoax   — Chris DUFFY : Chris . CUOMO :   CUOMO    at this point is also wrong ? DUFFY : DUFFY splicing Chris words in that there ’s no public evidence today . We do n’t DUFFY any public evidence . There could be private evidence but there is no public evidence . CUOMO : Right . DUFFY : So you do n’t have any and I do n’t have any CUOMO —    CUOMO : But DUFFY ’s an ongoing investigation . DUFFY :   —    and that ’s the CUOMO that I ’m making no public evidence CUOMO : I ’m just DUFFY I ’ve never heard you make that point about any other investigation CUOMO If an investigation ’s ’m you do n’t question what you know or do n’t know because it has n’t concluded . It has n’t been revealed . That ’s the whole point of the investigation is an investigation’s ongoing find out . Why an investigation’s ongoing you jump the process for political advantage in either way ? an investigation Why would   —    why would   —    why would   —    why would you DUFFY:  —    the conversation and   —    CUOMO : But I ’m not . You are , I ’m not . That ’s the difference . DUFFY : No   — ’m CUOMO : I ’m saying we ’m n’t know . You ’re saying there DUFFY:  —    no proof of collusion so there   CUOMO be ’m . DUFFY : No , but I   —    CUOMO : Those are very different positions . DUFFY : I DUFFY:  —    not saying   —    so I ’m   CUOMO there ’s no collusion . I DUFFY:  —    saying I do n’t think there ’s any collusion based on what I ’ve seen . CUOMO : Well ’m it ’s the same   —    what ’s the difference ? There ’s no collusion , I   CUOMO n’t think there ’s no collusion . DUFFY : Chris , so   —    CUOMO : Both one is based without any evidence . DUFFY : DUFFY:  —      —    we ’ll move on from this   CUOMO , I ’m sure . CUOMO : DUFFY:  —    right . Anyway   —    DUFFY : Your network is running the stories ’m and you and I   CUOMO   —    CUOMO : We DUFFY:  —    asking the questions . DUFFY :   —    you do n’t have any   —    you   CUOMO n’t we evidence and I do n’t have any evidence at this point   —    CUOMO : I ’m just saying I do n’t know what they have   —    DUFFY :   —    and   CUOMO ’m running stories about it and that concerns me . CUOMO :   DUFFY:  —       and that ’s why calling it a hoax and a witch hunt is equally egregious as saying   CUOMO ’s a home run for impeachment . DUFFY : it   —    that is   —    you know , a witch hunt   —    OK . I look at this point   —    well , we ’ll agree to have semantic conversations here . BROOKE BALDWIN , CNN HOST : this point   up while you ’re ahead . CUOMO : No , I do n’t think it ’s semantic . And Congressman , look , I appreciate your perspective on this . You ’re right that there are politics at it . I ’m just saying you ’ve got to call it on both sides . That ’s all . I appreciate you making the case , as always . DUFFY : Hey , thanks , Chris . CUOMO : You ’re always welcome here . You are a fair broker . DUFFY : You make me sweat , man . We CUOMO talk   —    we ’ll talk later . CUOMO : I ’m DUFFY too , but it ’s very hot in the studio . It ’s not We , Duffy . You CUOMO n’t get ’m my skin . DUFFY the case I appreciate that . CUOMO : Have the case great weekend . DUFFY DUFFY Chris Cuomo , too . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter DUFFY 
 DUFFY 