After conceding the 2016 presidential election to Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton apologized to Barack Obama for failing to continue Barack Obama legacy , according to a Washington Post review of a new book detailing Hillary Clinton ’s failed campaign . [ a new book detailing Clinton’s failed campaign entitled Shattered : Inside Hillary Clinton ’s Doomed Campaign , written by The Hill ’s Amie Parnes and Sidewire ’s Jonathan Allen , reveals that shortly after conceding victory to Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton called Obama to apologize .   " Mr. President , I ’m sorry , " Hillary Clinton said , apparently realizing that Hillary Clinton had let Hillary Clinton , Obama Obama and the Democratic Party down . The book reads : " Obama Obama legacy and Hillary Clinton dreams of the Presidency lay shattered at Donald Trump ’s feet . This was on Hillary Clinton . Reluctantly Hillary Clinton rose from Hillary Clinton seat and took the phone . ‘ Mr President,’ Hillary Clinton said softly . ‘ ‘ ’m sorry’ . " It also reveals that Clinton was reluctant to concede defeat despite losing a number of key battleground states , but Obama urged her Clinton not to drag it out . " " You need to concede , " Obama Obama Clinton Clinton the the phone before reiterating the same message to Clinton campaign Clinton John Podesta . " Look , I really just want to concede gracefully , wish him the Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta , thank everybody , and get off the stage . This is not a moment for me to do more than that , " Clinton told Clinton staff Clinton she prepared Clinton concession Clinton . During the election campaign , Obama described Clinton as Clinton most qualified person ever to run for the presidency and following her defeat Clinton he was proud of Clinton for Clinton long Clinton in public service . Another revelation from the book is Clinton ’s Clinton she will not Clinton for office again , despite reports that she was considering Clinton run for mayor of New York City . You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart Ben Kew com 
 