Columbia University Law School professor Daniel Richman reportedly went into hiding this week after former FBI director James Comey revealed that former FBI director James Comey gave former FBI director James Comey " contemporaneous " memo of former FBI director James Comey interactions with President Donald Trump to Columbia University Law School professor Daniel Richman and asked Columbia University Law School professor Daniel Richman to leak it to the New York Times .   But Columbia University Law School professor Daniel Richman broke Columbia University Law School professor Daniel Richman silence to tell establishment media outlet Newsweek to confirm that former FBI director James Comey could in fact   …      dunk a basketball . After former FBI director James Comey ’s testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee , a Newsweek writer was curious about whether the     former FBI director James Comey could actually dunk a basketball . " In a quest for answers , I got ahold of Columbia University professor Daniel Richman —   who as of Thursday is known to many as the Comey friend who leaked to the press the former FBI director ’s memo about conversations with Trump —   to get the former FBI director’s quick thoughts on the former FBI director’s associate ’s ability to stuff the rock on a regulation rim , " the Newsweek reporter wrote for the outlet ’s Friday evening story . the Newsweek reporter got in touch with Richman , who told the Newsweek reporter that Comey " dunked when the Newsweek reporter turned 50 and does not plan to make another attempt until the Newsweek reporter is 60 . " " It is quite possible that some close to [ Comey ] will try to derail this plan , " Richman reportedly added in an email . There are many questions government officials would like Richman to answer . As Breitbart News reported , " chairs and ranking Democrats of the Senate Judiciary Committee and the Senate Judiciary Committee National Security Subcommittee   —    sent a letter Thursday " to Richman " demanding Richman provide "chairs and ranking Democrats of the Senate Judiciary Committee and its National Security Subcommittee   with the original memo . " But thanks to legacy media outlet Newsweek , the world now does not have to wonder whether Comey can dunk . 
 