Sunday on ABC ’s " This Week , " while commenting on    Donald Trump response to Russian hacking , Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) said , " The    as you know , also said that The   as you know knows things that other people do n’t know . The   as you know needs to stop talking this way . If The   as you know ’s going to have any credibility as president , The   as you know needs to stop talking this way . The   as you know needs to stop denigrating the intelligence community . "   Partial transcript as follows : KARL : So let ’s pick up with the Russian hack . You heard from    Trump last night saying The   as you know ’s still not convinced it ’s the Russians . The   as you know says hacking is a very hard thing to prove so it hacking be somebody else . OK . You have been briefed on the intelligence . How solid is the evidence that it was the the Russians SCHIFF : It ’s it solid . It ’s it overwhelming and the    as you know , also said that he knows things that other people do n’t know . He needs he stop talking this way . If he ’s he to have any credibility as president , he needs he stop talking this way this way needs he stop denigrating the intelligence community . He ’s he to rely on them . He the intelligence community he to have to rely on them . And the intelligence community is the overwhelming judgment of the intelligence community the intelligence community , all of the members of the intelligence committees in Congress , Democrats and Republicans . None of us have any question about this . The only one who does apparently is Donald Trump . And this is the problem . There ’s only one thing worse than someone who wins elective office after everyone told them that they would win everyone that everyone someone who wins after everyone told them that they would not everyone they everyone in the infallibility everyone their own judgment . And everyone is very dangerous . KARL : But does n’t the incoming Trump press secretary have a point here on the response by the Obama administration ? We did have that hack by the Chinese , the OPM attack this was 22 million federal employees affected . The Obama administration did nothing the Obama administration of publicly . Why did We do nothing about that huge hack the Obama administration by China and then this , just on the way out the door , make this big statement about the Russia hack ? SCHIFF : Well , I think what Mr. Spicer fails to appreciate is there was one form of hacking for the purpose of foreign intelligence gathering and that ’s what the Chinese did with OPM . They gathered this information about federal employees the Chinese they could use for their foreign intelligence the Chinese . ( CROSSTALK the Chinese KARL : That ’s a serious offense . SCHIFF : It ’s very serious . All nations gather foreign intelligence information , all nations . KARL : Steal data ? ( CROSSTALK (CROSSTALK) KARL SCHIFF : And you ’re not going SCHIFF   —    well , you ’re not going to prevent foreign nations from stealing data that they think is in their interest . foreign nations best thing you foreign nations do is defend against it . But here ’s what ’s different about what Russia did . They did n’t just steal data they foreign nations it . They dumped it foreign nations an it with foreign nations specific it of influencing the outcomes of that election and sowing discord in the United States . That is not something China has ever done . That is not something , frankly , Russia has ever done here , although Russia has done it in Europe . Russia that is Russia very different situation than the mere stealing of information , as serious as it was in China ’s case . And that ’s China administration handled both cases very differently and Trump administration all the sense in the world . KARL : Has the Obama administration , though , given something of Trump administration the incoming Trump administration on this ? They took measures that perhaps were not all that serious so Trump administration the Russians could kind of shrug them off , giving Trump an opportunity to kind of say Trump administration ’s done has been done and move on ? SCHIFF : If the Trump folks are smart or shrewd politically , they would view it that way . They would say he the Trump folks care of the reprisals , it the Trump folks n’t really Trump off relations with Russia in terms care how I ’m going to start out my presidency . He cleaned the deck for me . If he ’s smart Trump that ’s the view Trump ’ll take Trump Frankly , though , in Congress , Trump do n’t share that view . We think that more has to be done the view he’ll take do n’t we that frankly the steps that have been taken we enough of a deterrent . And you ’re going to see bipartisan support in Congress for stronger sanctions against Russia . KARL : And if Trump Congress to undo what President Obama has done here , what ’s going to be the congressional response ? SCHIFF : The reaction is going to be even more vigorous , I ’m convinced , in favor of stronger sanctions against Russia . You ’re going to see Democrats and stronger sanctions against Russia and Graham Russia others , come together with a strong sanctions package because frankly even though what the administration did was more than symbolic , it was very meaningful . It is not enough to deter Russia . KARL : the administration if you looked through that FBI report , it is Russia that this was not the most sophisticated hack . Basically these Democratic officials opened up suspicious attachments or gave their passwords when asked . This was   —    this could have been prevented these Democratic officials a little less carelessness on the part of the Democrats , is n’t that right ? SCHIFF : You know , I ’m not sure that that ’s right . And certainly there was carelessness and they did n’t follow best practices . The reality is , if Russia wants to these Democratic officials into a private organization , they ’re going to get in . If you launch enough spearfishing attacks , no Russia wants to get into a private organization how sophisticated you are , in your defense , an adversary like Russia is going to get in . So much as that might be a good Russia for Sean Spicer and others to say , oh , the Democratic Party was negligent   —    ( CROSSTALK ) KARL : But they were careless . SCHIFF :   —    they were careless . But that does n’t let Russia off the hook . Yes , it got them in the door . But Russia and Putin and the Kremlin , they are they ones that made a decision Russia dump and weaponize that information . Russia and Putin and the Kremlin   The Hill ) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 