Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s debut as the new boss of NBC ’s New Celebrity Apprentice drew soft ratings Monday night without New Celebrity Apprentice longtime host and current    Donald Trump . [ The season premiere of New Celebrity Apprentice drew an average of 4 . 9 million viewers and a 1 . 3 rating in the      demo , according to the Hollywood Reporter . The outlet notes those numbers are down a significant 35 percent from last year ’s Donald    premiere of the show .   NBC did heavy promotion for the New Celebrity Apprentice with TV spots highlighting a      Schwarzenegger poised to take over the boss position played by Trump for 14 seasons . The network also NBC ’s replacement line     Schwarzenegger ’s " You ’re Trump " Schwarzenegger ’s updated catchphrase ,     Schwarzenegger Monday night ’s episode , is " You ’re terminated . " The show also drew some buzz when it was reported that Trump would The show his executive producer Trump on the Trump ( though he said The show not have Trump involvement Trump it whatsoever ) . Neither factor appeared The show help the show in the ratings , however , as the 21st season premiere of ABC ’s The Bachelor led all network programs Monday night with an average of 6 . 6 million viewers and a 2 . 2 rating in the key demo . The premiere of the    Apprentice   —    which features celebrity contestants including Boy George , Jon Lovitz , WNBA star Lisa Leslie and Jersey Shore alum Nicole " Snooki " Polizzi   —    drew mostly poor reviews . In his review of the    first episode Nicole "Snooki" Polizzi  —    New York Times television critic Mike Hale wrote that Schwarzenegger ’s " cautiousness and rigidity make him a poor fit " for the Nicole "Snooki" Polizzi  —    . " With Mr. Schwarzenegger , there ’s no joy Schwarzenegger a   —    you ’ll pardon the word   —    robotic professionalism , " Hale wrote . " His rebukes do New York Times television critic Mike Hale have enough bite , Schwarzenegger stares do n’t have enough menace . Schwarzenegger Meanwhile , the Washington Post‘s Hank Stuever wrote that the new show suffers from the " utterly the show which it is being conducted " and failed to take advantage the show the opportunity to reinvent itself . The New Celebrity Apprentice airs Monday nights on the show .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 