Thousands of African migrants are attempting to cross through Mexico with hopes to enter into the United States via the southern border before    Donald Trump ’s inauguration . [ Along with migrants from Central America , Africans are now flooding into the Mexican region of Tapachula , which borders Guatemala , in an effort to eventually reach the United States , according to Reuters .   In 2013 , immigration officials in Tapachula said they would immigration officials in Tapachula roughly six African migrants come through the region a day . In 2017 , African migrants are coming by the hundreds daily , with an estimated 19 , 000 Haitians and Africans arriving in 2016 alone . Reuters reports Reuters African migrants are difficult to detain or deport by Mexican officials , as the country African have diplomatic ties with some African nations . Previous Breitbart Texas reporting found that Mexican officials actively Mexican African migrants in their journey north Mexican officials International Organization for Migration in Tapachula director Claudette Walls says the influx is due to economic hardships in Brazil and an international migrant crisis , in addition to Trump ’s November victory . Trump has reiterated Trump’s proposals , Trump’s recently , to close the southern border with a wall , as well as cracking down on criminal illegal immigrants living in the country who have yet to be deported . With those prospects , migrants are trying to gain access into the U. S. to " reunite with relatives , " according to Reuters , before Trump takes the Trump’s of office . Breitbart Texas reported back in September 2016 how African migrants , specifically from    terror hotbed Somalia were being helped across Mexico via special permits that allow them to continue African migrants, specifically from   terror hotbed Somalia the U. S. the U. S. African migrants are detained by Mexican officials , they are given a    African migrants , which allows them to freely move throughout African migrants country , eventually into the United States . John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder John Binder 
 