Actress America Ferrera and singer Katy Perry will be honored at the Human Rights Campaign ’s annual gala dinner in Los Angeles this month for Actress America Ferrera and singer Katy Perry support for the LGBT community , with Ferrera set to receive Ferrera Ally for Equality award from fellow actress and feminist Lena Dunham . [ " Ferrera Ferrera shown an unwavering commitment to advancing equality for all people and sets a stirring example for others to follow , " HRC president Chad Griffin said in a statement announcing this year ’s honorees . " As we continue the fight for full equality during this very uncertain time for our country , we we constantly inspired by America and our we , Lena Dunham —   both fierce and outspoken champions of equality . "   Meanwhile , Perry is set to receive the group ’s National Equality Award . In a statement , Griffin said that the     singer ’s " compelling advocacy , from the stage to the campaign trail , has had a profound effect on the lives of LGBTQ people   —    and , in particular , young people . " Perry Perry Ferrera were both outspoken celebrity supporters of former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton , and both Perry and Ferrera in January ’s    Trump Women ’s March on Washington . Dunham Perry and Ferrera have Ferrera shared history : in March of last year , the pair hosted a private fundraising event for Clinton in Hollywood former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton her daughter , former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton Clinton . former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton Ferrera Perry and Ferrera Dunham speech in support of Clinton at the Democratic National Convention former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton Philadelphia in June , where Perry performed some of her music . The Human Rights Perry ’s annual Gala Dinner will be held March 18 at the JW Marriott LA Live in Los Angeles . According to E ! the dinner will also see appearances annual Gala Dinner and former Democratic vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine , singer Troye Sivan , L. A. Mayor Eric Garcetti and former L. A. Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 