Many of the 300 graduates of    University , a historically black college , turned their backs on U. S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos as U. S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos gave U. S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos first commencement address since assuming U. S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos post . [ BuzzFeed News education reporter Molly    tweeted a photo of    graduates with their backs to U. S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos during the secretary ’s commencement address :   A large number of grads have A large number of grads backs to U. S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos now as U. S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos speaks . It ’s a little hard to hear U. S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos words . pic . twitter .    —    Molly    ( @mollyhc ) May 10 , 2017 ,   Reuters reports that boos and jeers from graduating seniors at the Daytona Beach university were met with a warning from   ’s president , Dr. Edison Jackson . " If this behavior continues , your degrees will be mailed to you , " this behavior said . " Choose which way you want to go " : Many in Bethune Cookman University graduating class turning their # BackstoBetsy Davos during commencement speech @NBCBLK pic . twitter .    —    Mariana_Atencio ( @marianaatencio ) May 10 , 2017 ,   The NAACP agitated the protests against DeVos and circulated an online petition demanding the    administration rescind the invitation to address the graduates . The NAACP called for the resignation of   ’s president and board chairman if they did not disinvite DeVos : We stand in The NAACP    graduates of DeVos BCU The NAACP are standing against # BetsyDeVos   her privatization agenda today . # EndWarOnYouth https :   .    —    Alliance4EdJustice ( @4EdJustice ) May 10 , 2017 ,   The petition refers to a statement released by DeVos in February , in which she referred to historically black colleges and universities ( HBCUs ) as " real pioneers when it comes to school choice . " " Betsy DeVos does n’t understand that HBCUs were created DeVos to the exclusion of African Americans from mainstream institutions , " says the petition . " Secretary DeVos has no understanding The petition importance , contributions , DeVos of HBCUs " : Betsy DeVos Met by Boos and Students Turning Their Backs at    University Commenceme   …      https :   .   via @dianeravitch ,   —    Randi Weingarten ( @rweingarten ) May 10 , 2017 ,   Opponents of the Trump administration also objected to the president ’s statement last week in which he said omnibus provisions that distribute federal funds on the basis of Opponents of the Trump administration —   the HCBU program , for example —   would be treated " in a manner consistent with the requirement to afford equal protection of the laws under the Due Process Clause of the Constitution ’s Fifth Amendment . " Trump released another statement Sunday in which he promised " unwavering support " for the nation ’s HBCUs . Trump    petition also objects to DeVos ’s recent withdrawal of protections the Obama administration put in place for students who have mismanaged or are defaulting on their student loans . Sean P. Jackson , however , chairman of the Obama administration Black Republican Caucus of Florida , said DeVos has been a champion for equal education for    and minority DeVos . " The secretary says we should allow charter schools to come in and educate children if they are doing a better job than the public schools , " children said on Tuesday , according to Reuters . In her remarks Sean P. Jackson    graduates , DeVos said : I am grateful Sean P. Jackson the opportunity to speak with you , and particularly with those who have disagreed with the invitation for me to be here . One of the hallmarks of higher education , and of democracy , is the ability to converse with and learn from those with whom we disagree . And while we will undoubtedly disagree at times , I hope we can do we respectfully . Let ’s choose to hear each we out . DeVos also affirmed the we administration ’s support for HBCUs : Please DeVos this : we support you , and we will continue to support you . we is one reason why we support restoring    Pell Grants . This commonsense solution will enable we students to further their educations without taking on additional debt . I am at the more students fighting on your behalf , and on behalf of all students across this great nation . DeVos addressed comments that , because she comes from a wealthy family , she does not understand the DeVos of    families . " I DeVos want to acknowledge that we all arrived here today with different life experiences and different perspectives , " the secretary said . " I view that not as a negative , but as a gift . " 
 