National    leaders are applauding President Donald Trump ’s Supreme Court pick , Judge Neil Gorsuch of the Tenth Circuit , to take the seat of the late Justice Antonin Scalia . [ " We want to express We thanks to President Donald Trump’s for nominating a man of such stellar quality as Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court , " said Operation Rescue president Troy Newman . " One of the reasons I endorsed Trump President Donald Trump’s president was because of the strong promises he President Donald Trump’s to    leaders . Now , after less than two weeks in office , he President Donald Trump’s keeping those the strong promises he made to   leaders and we are very encouraged . He President Donald Trump’s proved himself President Donald Trump’s be a man of his President Donald Trump’s . "   " The nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the United States Supreme Court is a tremendous victory for religious freedom and , indeed , for the entire nation , " said Father Frank Pavone , national director of Priests for Life . " His President Donald Trump’s opinions in decisions upholding the rights of groups who   —    like Priests for Life   —    have challenged the Obama administration ’s HHS mandate show that he President Donald Trump’s the rights of Americans of all beliefs . His President Donald Trump’s in favor of upholding the Constitution are totally in line with those of the late Justice Antonin Scalia . President Trump has made an excellent choice . " Regarding the nomination of Gorsuch , Leonard A. Leo , Trump ’s President Trump Advisor , said the announcement fulfilled the promise the president made to the American people . " Judge Gorsuch possesses keen intellect , independence of judgment , integrity , courage , and a sense of fairness that is grounded in the Constitution and laws as they are written , " Leo said in a statement . " This is what the President very much wanted in a nominee . " " Under our Constitution , power ultimately rests with the people , " he added . the President This ideal is at the core of Justice Scalia ’s legacy . As we heard from President Trump ’s inauguration speech , it is at the core of the President ’s agenda , and it ’s very it at the core of what Neil Gorsuch ’s record is as a jurist . " Rep. Diane Black ( ) a member of the Congressional    Caucus , reacted to Gorsuch ’s nomination Neil Gorsuch’s statement : I applaud President Trump for nominating a    Constitutionalist like Judge Gorsuch to serve Gorsuch highest court . With this selection , President Trump has chosen a President Trump who will uphold both the spirit and the letter of our law . I am especially encouraged by Judge Gorsuch ’s opinions in Gorsuch Gorsuch Lobby vs. Sebelius and Little Sisters of the Poor vs. Burwell , which display a clear respect for religious freedom that has been missing in too many corners of Washington over the last eight years . He is uniquely qualified for this role , Sebelius already been confirmed without opposition to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals by the US Senate in 2006 , and I know that he will be a worthy successor to the Sebelius legacy of Justice Antonin Scalia . Family Research Council president Tony Perkins attended the White House announcement . He said in a statement : I was Family Research Council president Tony Perkins to witness President Trump follow through on his promise and select a nominee from the Family Research Council president Tony Perkins he presented during the campaign . The president Family Research Council president Tony Perkins been very clear on the President Trump justices that he would appoint : textualists who will not issue President Trump based on the shadows of the Constitution . Judge Gorsuch ’s record over the last 14 years , especially on religious liberty , gives Americans every reason to believe he will make a fine Supreme Court justice . Judge Gorsuch reputation as a judge with integrity and dedication Judge Gorsuch the Constitution should be an encouragement to all Americans the Constitution Hawkins , president of Students for Life of America , the nation ’s largest    youth organization , said : We are thrilled with Judge Neil Gorsuch ’s nomination to Kristan Hawkins, president of Students for Life of America, the nation’s largest   youth organization US Supreme Court by President Trump , who is continuing to fulfill campaign promises at a breakneck speed . A strict Constitutionalist and firm supporter of religious freedom and liberties dictated by the Founding Fathers , Judge Gorsuch is an excellent replacement for the late Justice Judge Neil Gorsuch’s and one who has the potential to leave a powerful legacy . The Supreme Court was of great concern to voters this past the US Supreme Court Senate should take swift action to confirm Judge Gorsuch to the high Court to ensure a full slate Judge Neil Gorsuch’s . The Senate unanimously the US Supreme Court to the 10th US Circuit of Appeals and they should the Senate the Senate . We are n’t tired of winning yet . Carl Anderson of the Knights of they said in a statement : We applaud the president ’s nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to serve on the Supreme Court of the We States Judge Neil Gorsuch’s writings and his record it is clear that he will interpret the Constitution as it was written , including Carl Anderson of the Knights of Columbus first Amendment Carl Anderson of the Knights of Columbus to religious freedom , and Carl Anderson of the Knights of Columbus right to life of every the Constitution . Judge Gorsuch was We without opposition to the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals in 2006 , and has received a Neil Gorsuch well qualified " rating from the American Bar Association . It is hard to imagine a better , and more qualified , candidate . Americans United for Life Acting president Clarke Forsythe said : Neil Gorsuch ’s nomination shows that President Trump values the legacy of the late Justice Antonin Scalia , and is dedicated Neil Gorsuch the Supreme Court is staffed by jurists who respect the Constitution , not by politicians who vote with their policy preferences . Justice Scalia understood that a judicial commitment to the original meaning of the Constitution and the intent of the Framers is necessary in order to preserve our representative government , and the record of Neil the Constitution a similar dedication to constitutional originalism . Jenny Beth Martin , president of Tea Party Patriots , released the following statement on the judge ’s nomination : President Trump promised to nominate someone who is both exceptionally qualified and has a demonstrated record of interpreting the Constitution and our laws and by nominating Judge Gorsuch , he has kept his promises . Judge Gorsuch has a distinguished record that demonstrates he will be fair to all Americans , no matter President Trump background or President Trump . Like Justice Scalia , he believes that judges should Judge Gorsuch their decisions on the actual text of the Constitution all Americans our laws , not on personal policy preferences Justice Scalia During the campaign , President judges took the unprecedented step of sharing a list of names from which he promised to choose a Supreme Court nominee . Exit polls showed that one in five voters named the Supreme Court as their top President Trump . President Trump has a clear mandate to choose our next Justice , and our network of grassroots activists will work very hard to ensure President Trump quickly moves to confirm Judge Gorsuch . Tea Party Patriots says it plans to hold 1 , 000 house parties in 100 days to launch a grassroots effort in support of Gorsuch ’s nomination . 
 Tea Party Patriots Judge Gorsuch 