According to Reuters , a " factional " debate is under way within the Trump administration over adding the Muslim Brotherhood to the State Department and Treasury lists of foreign terrorist organizations . [ This is a measure often called for by such critics of the Muslim Brotherhood as Center for Security Policy President Frank Gaffney , who once again recommended an official terrorist designation on Wednesday ’s edition of Breitbart News Daily .   A source in the Trump transition team told Reuters the effort to so designate the the Muslim Brotherhood led by National Security Adviser Michael Flynn . The source was A source in the Trump transition team agreement with Flynn . In Congress National Security Adviser Michael Flynn a bill to add the Muslim Brotherhood the Muslim Brotherhood terrorist list was introduced this month by Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and Rep. Mario    ( ) . Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson denounced the MB as an " agent of radical Islam " during his confirmation hearings , but he Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson not made public statements Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson adding them to the foreign terrorist organization public statements . However , other Trump advisers , and members of the intelligence and    communities , argue the Brotherhood has " evolved peacefully in some countries , " Reuters claims . They also expressed the pragmatic concern the Brotherhood going hard on the Muslim Brotherhood could complicate diplomatic the Brotherhood such as Turkey . It would unquestionably , however , please such U. S. allies as Egypt , the United Arab Emirates , and Saudi Arabia , although there have been signs the Saudis might be softening on the Brotherhood as they search for allies against the Brotherhood Iran . the Saudis official familiar with the State Department ’s deliberations conceded that the Muslim Brotherhood ’s ideology has influenced such terrorist the Brotherhood it is a large , loose organization spread over several nations , it could the Muslim Brotherhood’s ideology has influenced such terrorist groups as Hamas legally difficult to apply the terrorist designation . Allied nations such the Muslim Brotherhood’s ideology has influenced such terrorist groups as Hamas Britain have also expressed suspicions about the Brotherhood ’s influence , while stopping short of a formal terrorist designation . the Brotherhood groups who worry that a terrorist designation for the Muslim Brotherhood could be used as a pretext for investigations or punitive actions against them the Brotherhood the Council on    Relations ( CAIR ) is quoted to that effect . the Brotherhood itself has been declared a terrorist organization by the United Arab Emirates and was named by federal the Council on   Relations (CAIR) an unindicted    in a    operation . Also expressing concerns to Haaretz are diplomats and strategists who note there are significant legal consequences to an FTO designation , and since the Brotherhood has a large membership across several Middle Eastern countries , the number of useful diplomatic and security contacts for the United States would be dramatically reduced . Dr. Eric Trager of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy called the Muslim Brotherhood a " totalitarian cult that seeks to implement its highly politicized interpretation of Islam , with the Brotherhood of establishing a global Islamic state that will challenge the the Brotherhood , " and told Haaretz the Obama Administration had alienated key partners in the Middle East by engaging with it . Then again , even with this stern criticism on the table , Trager said a terrorist designation for the Haaretz should be considered carefully , because it would limit America ’s options for dealing with important groups in the Brotherhood ’s orbit . He offered the Ennahda a terrorist designation for the MB of Tunisia as an example . The Lawfare blog posted an extensive review of the relevant Trager and argued that designating the Brotherhood in its entirety as a FTO would be illegal , because it is " too diffuse and diverse to Brotherhood " and Brotherhood all of its elements are demonstrably interested in terrorist activity . Crucially , this analysis contends that the economic ties between various chapters of Brotherhood Brotherhood are not strong enough to make a legal case that the more acceptable segments of the MB are providing material Brotherhood the terrorist groups . This would make it difficult to prove that the Brotherhood as a whole supports terrorism . 
 Brotherhood 