On Monday ’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel ’s " Tucker Carlson Tonight , " Caitlyn Jenner said , " I sometimes get very disappointed with Trump , " and cited Attorney General Jeff Sessions , Army Secretary nominee Tennessee State Senator Mark Green ( R ) and Trump ’s changes to protections for transgender people under Title IX as examples .   Caitlyn Jenner stated , " I never actually came out and outwardly supported Trump . The media did that for Caitlyn Jenner . I am on the Republican , conservative side , and Caitlyn Jenner wound up being our candidate . And so , certainly , I was going to vote for Caitlyn Jenner . Caitlyn Jenner looked like Caitlyn Jenner would pretty good on all LGBT issues . Which is important , because my loyalties do not lie with Trump . My my loyalties not lie with the Republican Party .    …      But Caitlyn Jenner ’s kind of disappointed me in the first 100 days on those issues . " Jenner later added , " I sometimes get very disappointed with Trump Trump especially when he went Jenner against Title IX , and they Trump Obama ’s equality on Title IX Title IX Jeff Sessions has been very , kind of ,   . I know on March 10th , there was a letter sent to him to Jenner to prosecute the murderers of these trans women as hate crimes , which has been done in the past , and he never Jenner responded to the letter . Which is extremely disappointing to me . So , yeah , there ’s a lot of issues out there for our community that I ’m fighting for . And I want the Republican Party to do a better job . " After the discussion turned to prosecuting the murders of trans women as hate crimes , Jenner argued , " Right now , we ’ve got ,   —    that I ’m really concerned ’m , kind of the next move for the Trump administration is Mark Green , who ’s a Republican from Tennessee , senator , and he ’s up Jenner secretary of the Army . And this guy has come out with some of the most    statements ever . Calling me , a trans person , as a disease .    …      I do n’t have a disease , okay ? He called about this guy the bathroom issue as , I ,   —    you know , the Bible tells me I have to go after evil , you know , and , I ’m not an evil person . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 