President Barack Obama assured Americans that the United States would survive a president Donald Trump , despite the hysteria promulgated by Hollywood and the liberal elites . [ President Barack Obama admitted that reporters asked President Barack Obama what President Barack Obama was really thinking about the election results , despite President Barack Obama lofty rhetoric during the transition .   " What I ’m saying really is what I think . I believe in the United States . I believe in the American people , " President Barack Obama said during President Barack Obama last press conference . " I believe that people are more good than bad . " President Barack Obama admitted that sometimes President Barack Obama cursed more behind closed doors and had periods of anger and frustration , but that President Barack Obama remained hopeful for the future of the the United States despite Trump ’s election . " At my core , I think we ’re going to be okay , " President Barack Obama said . " We just we to fight for it . We have we work for it , it not take it for it . " President Barack Obama explained that President Barack Obama daughters Sasha and Malia did not feel that somehow " America has somehow rejected them or his daughters Sasha and Malia their values his daughters Sasha and Malia simply because of the election , adding that President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama tried to teach them resilience his daughters Sasha and Malia hope . " [ T]he only thing that is the end of the world is the end of the world the world President Barack Obama said . " And so , you get knocked down , you get up , brush yourself off and you get back to work . " Obama was Michelle Obama to react specifically to Rep. John Lewis and at least 50 other Democratic members of congress who had publicly announced their plans to boycott the inauguration , but he refused Michelle Obama comment . " With respect to the inauguration , the inauguration not going to comment on those issues , " he said Michelle Obama " All I know is I ’ll be there , as will Michelle . " 
 