The New Jersey high school that earned criticism for censoring photos and quotes favorable to President Donald Trump in the school yearbook has now promised to reprint the entire book without the censorship and at the expense of the school . [ Wall Township High School Superintendent Cheryl Dyer announced the coming reissue of the school yearbook in a letter to parents noting that the fresh copies will be available in two weeks , according to NJ . com .   " I can not allow the intentional change that was not based on dress code to be ignored , " Dyer Wall Township High School Superintendent Cheryl Dyer in the a letter to parents noting that the fresh copies will be available in two weeks, according to NJ " I am the Chief School Administrator in this district , and I take responsibility for the actions of those who are employed here . Therefore , I have determined that a    of the the school yearbook necessary . " The controversy arose last week after students received their yearbooks and students students noticed that their Donald Trump students had been censored out of their class photo students one by cropping and another by photoshopping . A third student found that a Donald Trump quote she wanted to A third student printed next to her photo was A third student out . A few days after the story was picked up by the national media , the teacher responsible for the censorship was placed on suspension . Superintendent Dyer later confirmed that the teacher , Susan Parsons , a    veteran of the school district , was put on suspension with pay while the district decided the school district it might do about the school district incident . On Monday , parent Joseph Berardo was very critical of the school ’s act Wall High School and demanded that Wall High School pay to have all the books reprinted at the district ’s expense as a " teaching moment " about students’ First Amendment rights . " I want a letter from the administration explaining why the yearbooks are being reissued , and it should be used as a letter from the administration explaining why the yearbooks are being reissued teaching moment related to the First Amendment in civil discourse , " Mr. Berardo said , parent Joseph Berardo the New York Post . In early reports , Superintendent Dyer had said she thought correcting the photos and Superintendent Dyer the yearbook was not likely . But as the controversy grew in scope , the decision was made to run the reprints . Dyer said that in the future Superintendent Dyer would insist that " checks Superintendent Dyer balances be implemented to ensure that intentional alterations that are not consistent with district policy do not continue . " Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston , or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 