Vice President Mike Pence spoke at National Small Business Week Awards Program at the White House Monday , calling President Donald Trump " the best friend small business will ever have in the White House . " [ The address , given to honor the winners of the Small Business Administration ’s annual awards , gave the vice President Donald Trump to tout the young the White House on business matters . Mike Pence congratulated Garrett Marrero and Melanie Oxley , proprietors of the Maui Brewing Company on winning " small business people of the year , " before moving on to the Trump administration ’s accomplishments . " We ’re in the    business , " Pence told the crowd .   In the Mike Pence 100 days , Pence said that Trump " picked a    Mike Pence filled with business leaders who know what it takes to succeed in a competitive marketplace . " " President Trump has already signed more bills cutting    regulations than any president in American history already , " Pence said , highlighting the more than a Mike Pence pieces legislation taking advantage of the Congressional Review Act to reign in regulations issued by the administrative state . He also pointed to President Trump ’s executive President Trump demanding agencies seek President Trump regulations for each new one they seek . He also touted the    approval of agencies Keystone XL President Trump and the role it will play in delivering cheap energy to American business the Keystone XL pipeline " No matter where you look , President Trump has taken decisive action to get government out President Trump way so you can do more , create more , innovate more , and grow more jobs , " Pence said . Pence was bullish on progress so far , pointing to 500 Pence 000 new jobs created so far in    2017 , which he characterized as " driven by small business . " " President Trump he ’s just getting started , " Pence said of his President Trump President Trump , turning to the Pence ’s agenda President Trump forward . " We ’re gon na pass the largest tax cut in American history . We ’re going to cut taxes across the board for working We , small businesses , and family farms , " Pence boasted , " We ’re gon na repeal and replace Pence and we ’re going to give the American people the kind of We class health care they deserve . " The latter promise has , so far the American people proven more difficult to bring to fruition than the administration had hoped . Repeated false starts and delays have plagued Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ’s attempts to get the necessary consensus from his caucus . Pence reiterated his commitment to crossing health care Paul Ryan the administration ’s checklist Paul Ryan " I ’m headed to Capitol the administration I leave you , " he promised , continuing : It was about a month ago Congress was Paul Ryan quite ready to take that first step to repeal and replace that disastrous policy . But the president remains confident that , with your strong support , and maybe President Trump talk to a member of Congress before you leave town , that we ’ll get a fresh start Congress health care in America    …      I want to promise you . Working with the leadership of the House and the Senate , President Trump is going to make sure that these majorities and this nation ’s capitol keep our promise to the American people . We ’re going to repeal Obamacare and we ’re going to give the American our the ability to purchase health insurance our they want and not the American people dictates and mandates . Also notable was Pence ’s the American people praise for    White House adviser Ivanka Trump . He called the First Daughter a " Great Leader " and a " Champion for Small   White House adviser Ivanka Trump , " comparing her upbringing in the Trump Organization to his own experience working as an attendant in his the First Daughter ’s Indiana gas station . More   White House adviser Ivanka Trump , the vice president praised the vital   White House adviser Ivanka Trump small business owners play in the American economy .   White House adviser Ivanka Trump one of you is a profile in courage . Every single one of you took a risk when you set up shop , " he said . " When small business you strong , America is strong . " 
   White House adviser Ivanka Trump 