Good morning .   Here ’s what you need to know : • A South Korean court announced the arrest of the de facto leader of Samsung on bribery accusations connected to the corruption scandal that had engulfed the government . Above , Mr. Lee as he arrived at Lee    detention center ahead of A South Korean court decision . Prosecutors say Samsung paid almost $ 38 million to groups connected to a presidential friend and adviser , Choi    to win the government ’s backing for the government two Samsung units . _ _ Samsung _ _ • The crisis facing the White House over questions about its connections to Russia made for an the White House inaugural trip abroad for Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson . Conventional joint statements with the Russian foreign minister , Sergey V. Lavrov , at a    gathering in Germany could not overshadow the growing distance with European counterparts on immigration , refugees , defense and trade . In Washington , President Trump held a news conference that turned into an extraordinarily raw    bemoaning " the false , horrible fake reporting " on his administration . Here ’s the video President Trump _ _ _ _ _ • Mr. Trump ’s plans to have Stephen President Trump , above , a billionaire investor with no intelligence experience , review the U. S. intelligence agencies has the agencies’ top officials on edge . They were already worried by Mr. Trump ’s the agencies’ top officials to reports of contacts President Trump year between Trump aides and Russian intelligence officials : trying to focus President Trump attention on the source of intelligence leaks rather than their content . Today ’s episode of The Daily podcast the agencies’ top officials , did the Trump campaign collude with Russia ? Listen from a computer President Trump on an iOS device or on an Android device . _ _ _ _ _ • The investigation into the apparent assassination of   the half brother of North Korea ’s leader Kim    is widening . The Malaysian police detained two more people   —    a woman with an Indonesian passport , above , and her Malaysian boyfriend   —    and said they were an Indonesian passport for four male suspects . Airport surveillance The Malaysian police showed how one suspect ended up waiting at a taxi stand . Mr. Kim ’s body is expected to be sent to leader Kim    It ’s not clear whether the Malaysian autopsy results will be made Mr. Kim’s body . _ _ _ _ _ • In environmental news , a Greenpeace report tied the toxic waves of air pollution sweeping northern China to an increase in already excessive steel production last year , made counter to promised cuts . Scientists are also coming to understand the crucial importance of the vast , and endangered , seagrass meadows that surround every continent except Antarctica . And Mr. Trump ’s nominee to head the Environmental Protection Agency , Scott Pruitt , heads to a confirmation vote today amid an extraordinary wave of protest from former E. P. A. staff members . _ _ _ _ _ • Snapchat ’s parent company is aiming for a valuation of more than $ 20 billion as it nears what ’s expected to be the biggest initial public offering Snapchat’s parent company the tech world since Alibaba and Facebook . • Speaking of Facebook , Mark Zuckerberg posted a    update of his founder ’s Facebook that expressed alarm over growing rejections of globalism Mark Zuckerberg argued that " progress now requires humanity coming together not just as cities or nations , but also as a global community . " • Asian financial conglomerates , including SoftBank of Japan or HNA Group of China , are scouring the U. S. for management expertise to help them invest their cash stockpiles . • European markets ended a    • Asian financial conglomerates, including SoftBank of Japan or HNA Group of China . • Asian financial conglomerates, including SoftBank of Japan or HNA Group of China ’s a snapshot of global markets . • The Islamic State claimed a suicide attack on a dance celebration at a Sufi shrine in Pakistan ’s Sindh Province that killed at least 70 worshipers and injured more than 250 . It was the worst act of terrorism in the country in months . [ The New York Times ] • ISIS also claimed the deadliest attack in Baghdad in at least a month , a car bombing in a crowded Shiite Muslim neighborhood that killed more than 50 people and injured scores . [ The New York Times ] • The Catholic Church in Australia [The New York Times] • The New York Times , legal and other costs in sexual abuse cases since 1980 , according to information presented to a government investigation . [ BBC ] • In China , a     ethnic Korean faces prison for criticism of the authorities that included posting a photo of himself in a    calling President Xi Jinping " Xitler . " [ The New York Times ] • Tens of thousands of nomadic herders in Mongolia face hunger and another bout of the extreme winter conditions known as a " dzud . " [ Reuters ] • South Africa is debating whether a minimum wage of about $ 1 . 50 an hour would help reduce poverty and inequality or worsen already high unemployment . [ The New York Times ] • The cute Kumamon stuffed bear racked up more than $ 1 billion in sales last year , partly thanks to a surge of supportive purchases after its home prefecture , Kumamoto , was struck by earthquakes . [ The Asahi Shimbun ] • Cake for breakfast ? The cute Kumamon stuffed bear , please . • A cat named Tammany was living at New York ’s City Hall in the 1930s . Then came talk of eviction proceedings   —    but the cat emerged victorious . • Recipe of the day : End the week with these simple fish tacos . • A cat named Tammany years , Hugh Jackman has been synonymous with Wolverine , a mutant with a metal skeleton and a tormented past . But the Australian actor may be popping the   ’s adamantium claws for the final time . • In Taipei , a growing number of restaurants are riding the " eat local " movement . That can mean cured mullet roe , lily stems , purple taro and honeycombed pong tang ( that ’s candy ) . • Ready for " cutthroat " golf ? This week in Australia , the Perth World Super 6 is debuting a format   —    a    last round , with match play and a special hole   —    to adapt the sport to changing times . Happy Birthday to Michael Jordan . The basketball legend turns 54 today . He wo n’t be competing at this weekend ’s N. B. A.    dunk contest , but three decades ago he helped The basketball legend the competition with    slams from the    line . Jordan ’s seemingly effortless flights to the basket made The basketball legend one of the most instantly recognizable faces in the world . Years Michael Jordan , he even managed to dunk from    Michael Jordan the partly animated movie " Space Jam . " C. G. I. though , Michael Jordan n’t needed in 1984 to    Jordan leaping , legs in an airborne split . " It may be the most famous silhouette ever photographed , " Time Michael Jordan said as it designated the image one of the 100 most influential of all time . The image lives on as the inspiration for It logo of Nike ’s Air Jordan shoes . Jordan , who is now the image one of the 100 most influential of all time , and his brand have thrived despite his lackluster second career Michael Jordan , criticism over his reluctance to discuss politics ( though he spoke last a billionaire about police brutality ) a billionaire the popularity on social media of the Crying a billionaire meme , which our culture writer a billionaire " takes one of America ’s biggest sports stars and makes him small . " Michael Jordan Michael actually thinks it ’s funny , " his spokeswoman said . Des Shoe contributed reporting . _ _ Michael _ _ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings . What would Michael like to see here ? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes . com . 
 