Thursday on his nationally syndicated radio show , conservative talker Rush Limbaugh reacted to commentary that aired on CNN following former FBI Director James Comey ’s testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee .   In that segment , CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin declared that based on former FBI Director James Comey’s testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee , we now " know " President Donald Trump is under criminal investigation . conservative talker Rush Limbaugh questioned that statement and went on to question the mental of those at CNN . Partial transcript as follows ( courtesy of RushLimbaugh . com ) : During the break right before the conclusion the previous hour , I did something I seldom do . I actually turned on the audio here during a break . I was listening to CNN . They had a roundtable discussion . Comey ’s testimony had just ended so they They into closed session . Yeah , closed session , where the real juicy stuff can be thrown out there for Richard Burr to slurp up and whatever else ! I ’m watching Toobin   —    Jeffrey Toobin , the supreme legal analyst at CNN —    and he ’s Comey that it was true that Comey had Comey Trump was not a target three different times , but now he is Comey " Today we know that there is a criminal investigation of Trump . Trump I went , " What ? What criminal investigation of Trump ? Trump Are you aware of any new investigation of Trump that Trump criminal ? Seriously , now . Have I missed something ? Well , he said Comey ! He said Comey " Yeah , Trump was Trump a target , but we know today   —    right in June of 2017   —    that there is an investigation of Trump . Trump And then they went to this Jim Sciutto guy ( who I think Trump personally Trump out as fake news once in a news conference ) and this guy this Jim Sciutto guy (who I think Trump personally called out as fake news once in a news conference) " That ’s right , Jeffrey ! " That ’s absolutely right , and the investigation   …     " That ’s how they identified they . They said they criminal investigation the investigation  …     Trump Comey " I hope you can let the Flynn thing go   …     " CNN now says that that comment from Trump has Trump a his comment to Comey of Trump . Trump did n’t hear Comey say that , but I do know this . Comey Comey was asked , " After Trump said Trump this Comey why did n’t you resign ? I mean , if it ’s such a great affront   —    if Trump is Trump , ‘ Gee , I hope you could find a way to let this Flynn thing go . " ‘ You know , he ’s a good guy,’ and you , Comey , Comey , ‘ Yeah , he ’s a Comey guy.’ Why did ‘ you quit Comey and why did n’t you report this to the attorney general ? Why did n’t you go out and immediately tell your colleagues at the FBI ? " Comey says , " I guess I just was n’t Comey enough , " and then he said , " I did n’t want to taint Comey investigation . " How in the world can the FBI director " taint " the investigation by announcing new the FBI ? Bottom line : the investigation n’t believe that this investigation of Trump is about the Flynn comment . They the investigation their teeth about this   —    and then Jim Sciutto went on and They , " You know , Anderson   …     " Anderson Cooper was hosting . " You know , Anderson , this famous dossier , the golden showers dossier that everybody says there Anderson  … nothing to ? I ’m told that there might be something to it , Anderson . I ’m told   …      You heard Comey would n’t answer Anderson  … this in ’m session , and I ’m told that there may be that this is not discredited fully , that ’m ’s not fully off the table , that there might , in fact this …     " It is fully discredited ! It was made up . It was admittedly manufactured this a novel . It this total fiction , this this showers memo . But there ’s CNN this claiming that Trump is under investigation as of today , despite Comey saying that he was not a target three different times , and that dossier ? That Comey still active . There may , in fact , be something there ! This is why I do n’t want you to get caught up in this stuff because you ’re just gon na get frustrated . You ’re just dealing with people who have   …      CNN ’s gone total pathological now . CNN is clinically , psychologically   . CNN ’s happened over there and everybody CNN there is lost , and I mean this in the greatest sincerity . They have been so overtaken by whatever it is , the hate that governs everybody working there . You know , hate is a poison . The longer you hate everybody working there the longer you hold on to it and do n’t let it go , The more poisonous and destructive it The . And these people The forfeited all presence in reality . They The off on a everybody working there dangerous pathological trail now : Openly , wantonly everybody working there about Trump being under investigation and this memo now . " There ’s something to it ! I ’ve got sources that say that this is big ! They ’re going to really dig even further into this . " Follow Jeff Poor everybody working there Twitter @jeff_poor 
 this 