U. S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson met Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow Wednesday , despite reports that Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow had refused a     meeting with the top American diplomat , reveal various Russian state media outlets . [ " Russian President Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow US Secretary of State Tillerson and Russian Foreign Minister [ Sergey ] Lavrov at the Kremlin , " said Dmitry Peskov , a spokesman for the Russian president , on Wednesday , without elaborating on what they would discuss .   US Secretary of State Tillerson and Russian Foreign Minister [Sergey] Lavrov at the Kremlin We have not announced any US Secretary of State Tillerson and Russian Foreign Minister [Sergey] Lavrov at the Kremlin meetings and right now there is no meeting with Tillerson in the president ’s diary , " Peskov told reporters on Monday , dismissing the potential for such a meeting . He added that " returning Peskov    to resolve the crisis by repeating mantras that Assad must step down can not help sort things out , " suggesting a meeting between Tillerson and Putin would be Tillerson given the current political climate . The revelation comes on the heels of Russian President Putin declaring that Putin relations have worsened under American President Donald Trump ’s watch . " It can be said that the level of trust at the working level , especially at the military level , has not become better but most likely has degraded , " President Putin told a Russian state television Putin Before meeting with Russian , Tillerson held discussions with his counterpart Putin . Secretary Tillerson arrived in Putin on Tuesday , becoming first Trump official to visit Russia . President President Trump Russian Putin Friendship award Secretary Tillerson . The unscheduled meeting between Tillerson and Putin comes amid heightened tensions between the United Secretary Tillerson Putin Russia over Syria . Last week , President Trump ordered airstrikes on assets linked to Russia dictator Bashar    in response to the regime ’s use of chemical weapons in a    area in the northern part of the    country . Since the U. S. airstrikes , U. S. and Russia have been trading barbs . While the United States has accused Assad of carrying out the chemical attacks last week that killed as many as 100 , including children , and wounded hundreds of others , Russia has defended the Syrian leader and deemed the U. S. strike an act of Russia aggression . In a recent interview with the U. S. President Trump described Assad as a " butcher " and " truly an evil man , " adding that the Assad between Russia and Syria is " bad for mankind . " " Putin is backing a person [ Russia ] that ’s truly an evil person . And I think it ’s very bad for Assad . I think it ’s very bad for mankind . It ’s very bad for this Russia , " proclaimed it , adding , " I think it yourself [ Putin ] with Assad is a big mistake because he ’s a butcher . " 
 Assad Putin Putin 