DURHAM , N. C.   —    As soon as Chris Rock strode onstage here on Monday in the first performance of his    " Total Blackout Tour , " his explained why , nine years after his last    special , his ’s pacing stages again : " That ’s what alimony will do to you . " Mr. Rock , who was married for 16 years ,   divorced last year , and while his quip had the jackhammer snap that has long made his the best deliverer of punch lines in comedy , the old swagger faded during his      show . Now 52 , Mr. Rock , looking trim in casual black pants and jacket , talked about Mr. Rock vanity , insecurities and failures with startling frankness . " I was n’t a good husband , " Mr. Rock said , standing still , shifting into a quieter register . " I did n’t listen . I was n’t kind . I cheated . " Mr. Rock paused as the audience waited for the joke . It Mr. Rock eventually , but it Mr. Rock not match the impact of this silent , dramatic beat . In his new set , Mr. Mr. Rock to be after something more than laughs . It is rare to see a celebrity discuss his infidelity his the specificity that he did his   —    detailing who and how many   —    but he talked his this in an anguished , searching tone that fans may find surprising . At times , Mr. Rock Mr. Rock a man confessing his sins , Mr. Rock vulnerability into his latest provocation Mr. Rock Ever since his breakthrough 1996 Mr. Rock special , " Bring the Pain "   —    his new set Mr. Rock giant initials evoking that seminal show   —    Mr. Rock has Mr. Rock secure place in the    pantheon . But in contrast with peers like Bill Burr and Louis C. K. his specials are infrequent Mr. Rock that every one is a major event . His current show will Mr. Rock released as a special on Netflix , part of a    $ 40 million deal . His last , " Mr. Rock the Messenger , " was recorded during the 2008 election , and it ’s hard not to be struck by his cheerful mood then Mr. Rock sounding positively giddy as he pokes fun at Mr. Rock McCain , skewering him as a " Mr. Rock hero who got captured . " In the recent presidential campaign , Donald J. Trump made the same point about Mr. McCain in similar John McCain but without the punch line . In the past nine years , the line for transgression has the punch line Rock did n’t try to adjust to it . Nor did he approach the recent Mr. Rock with what has Mr. Rock the standard alarm of many comedians . Barack Obama was the anomaly , he argued , while Mr. Trump is a Barack Obama Donald J. Trump as usual in a conservative country always run by rich white men . " I ’m not scared , " Mr. Rock said , looking to the evils of Mr. Rock comfort . " I ’m black . The future is always better when you ’re black . " Comedy is about surprise , and one reason Mr. Rock has been his generation ’s finest political    Mr. Rock ability to consistently Mr. Rock against the grain with conviction . Mr. Rock Unlike some , he always seems to believe the premises of his jokes . Mr. Rock The rise of Mr. Trump , he Mr. Rock , taking his critique to a comic extreme , Mr. Rock from our battle Mr. Rock bullying . " We got rid of bullies , " he said . " our a real one showed up , Mr. Rock did n’t know what to do . " He also our police shootings in an unexpected way , saying Mr. Rock he would think that law enforcement might try to shoot a Mr. Rock kid for once , " just for appearances . " But he also spent time sympathizing with police officers , describing work Mr. Rock has zero room for error and draws pay that is far too low . If his current social commentary has a common thread , it ’s Mr. Rock alertness to how economics colors every issue . his current social commentary Whole Foods does not say ‘ No Blacks Allowed,’ " he said . " But a $ 7 orange does . Mr. Rock ’s the new Jim Crow . " What stood out most about this show , however , was the personal , not the the new Jim Crow Mr. Rock has mostly kept the audience at a distance from his private life . He is n’t the type to dwell on Mr. Rock demons or soul Mr. Rock on a podcast . So it ’s Mr. Rock surprise to see him tell jokes about the dark consequences of his addiction to pornography Mr. Rock the excruciating details of family court . Mr. Rock is not his funniest show , but it might be his most compelling , Mr. Rock departure even in its This . The Mr. Rock between his forceful    persona and the This more thoughtful one he displays Mr. Rock interviews has shrunk a bit   —    and Mr. Rock jokes are more intricate , denser . What remains firm is Mr. Rock lyricist ’s gift for concision , boiling down a thought to its comic essence . On bullying : " Pressure makes diamonds . firm hugs . " Mr. Rock ’s comedy has always been happily cynical about marriage , his jokes regarding relationships rooted in regressive stereotypes about men and women Mr. Rock He ’s found many laughs in sympathy for men behaving badly , Mr. Rock Hillary Clinton for her husband ’s cheating and pointing out how O. J. Simpson had Hillary Clinton pay steep alimony while his former wife slept with another man . ( " I ’m O. J. Simpson saying he should have killed her , but I understand . ") When Mr. Rock his own marriage his former wife however , he blamed only himself , repeatedly Mr. Rock allowing sadness to creep into Mr. Rock dynamic voice . He also dug into his past , telling himself story about his himself disparaging poor men himself stuck with him for years , himself another about his grandfather mocking him for himself . Mr. Rock wants to tell himself where he himself from , and also where he hopes to go . Mr. Rock I ’m trying to get a Mr. Rock bit of religion , " he said , before backtracking : " Not a lot . " Mr. Rock added that he believes in God , but only a bit Mr. Rock Onstage , Mr. Rock Rock has always had the intonations of a preacher   — Mr. Rock his grandfather was   —    repeating premises until they sound like incantations Mr. Rock But his real religion is comedy , and at the end of this discussion Mr. Rock his relationship with God , he contrasted the sureness of faith with the Mr. Rock nature of a comic Mr. Rock But as comedians go , Mr. Rock has always been one of the most forcefully confident . What ’s different is he now sounds more anxious . And while the election and his divorce Mr. Rock have added heaviness to his gait , this evolution may Mr. Rock stem from simply growing older . Mr. Rock a line he repeated over and over on Monday , Mr. Rock explained his spiritual Mr. Rock in the hardheaded pragmatic terms we ’ve Mr. Rock expect from Mr. Rock : " I want to find God before God finds me . " Mr. Rock God 