European Commission President    Juncker has admitted the European Union has tried to take too much power from national governments , contributing to the rise in populist movements . [ In an interview with Time magazine , Juncker acknowledged some decisions were better taken by national governments , and that people were reacting against this .   When asked why populists were making gains in France , Germany , and the Netherlands , he Juncker : " I think this is largely due to our faults . " I think the European Union and the Commission gave the impression that we our in command of everything . " We our trying to have influence in so many things which are better in the hands of national , local and regional authorities . " He Juncker said he Juncker concerned mainstream parties would begin following the populist ones , something he Juncker could spell the end of the the European Union EU ) . " If traditional parties are saying exactly the same thing , then we are lost . We have to we the contrary . The populists are spreading slogans . We have to we solutions and answers . " Mr. Juncker also hit out at U. S. President Donald J. Trump , accusing him of being Mr. Juncker highly unfriendly " towards the bloc after saying other countries could leave the EU after Brexit . " We were a little bit disappointed listening to President Trump ’s U. S. President Donald J. Trump when he was congratulating the U. S. President Donald J. Trump for having taken that decision , and more or less inviting others to do the same . " That was highly unfriendly and not helpful at all . " When asked how he would respond to U. S. President Donald J. Trump , Mr. Juncker said : " Do we have to respond ? If we invited Ohio to we the United States , would they respond ? I we invited Ohio to leave the United States n’t think so , so we do n’t have we respond to that . " We have to show we the world   —    as far as the future of the European Union is concerned   —    that we are united . we The Commission president also Mr. Juncker that the EU needed Britain to act the European Union " bridge " to the U. S. saying : " To put it brutally , we do n’t need EU United Kingdom government to organize our relations with the U. S. and we fact according the U. S. , Britain is weaker being outside the European Britain than being a member of the European Union . That is the case . the European Union are on the rise across continental Europe . In France , Front National leader Marine Le Pen is polling in first place for the preliminary round of this year ’s presidential election , with one computer program now forecasting she may even win the final   . 
 Front National leader Marine Le Pen 