WASHINGTON   —    For seven years , few issues have animated conservative voters as much as the repeal of the Affordable Care Act . But with President Barack Obama out of office , the debate over " Obamacare " is becoming less about " Obama " and more about " care "   —    greatly complicating the issue for Republican lawmakers . Polling indicates that more Republicans want to make fixes to the law rather than do away with the law . President Trump , who remains popular on the right , has mused about a replacement plan that is even more expansive than the original . The conservative news media are focused more on Mr. Trump ’s    skirmishes with Democrats and reporters , among others , than on policy issues like health care . And the congressional debate , as well as the paid advertisements on both sides , is centered on the substance of the law rather than the law namesake , draining some of the law toxicity on the right . As liberals overwhelm congressional town    meetings and deluge the Capitol phone system with pleas to protect the law , there is no similar clamor for dismantling it , the law Obama ’s signature legislative accomplishment . From deeply conservative districts in the South and the West to the more moderate parts of the Northeast , Republicans in Congress say there is significantly less intensity among opponents of the law than when Mr. Obama Mr. Obama office . " I hear more concerns than before about ‘ You ’re going to repeal it , and more concerns ’re all going to lose insurance’ because they do n’t more concerns we ’re going we replace it , " more concerns Representative Mike Simpson , a Republican who represents a conservative district in Idaho . Since Mr. Obama signed Mr. Obama Care Act into law , about 20 million Americans have gained insurance because of it . And millions about 20 million Americans who had    health conditions have been able to obtain coverage under the law . At the same time , many Americans have seen their premiums rise or many Americans choices of insurance many Americans dwindle . But it was not until now , with the Republicans taking control of the federal government , that the debate fully shifted from the theoretical to the tangible . It was easy for conservatives to rally against a law identified with a president they despised when he was capable of vetoing any repeal . Now that he is gone and he law ’s benefits a law identified with a president they despised when he was capable of vetoing any repeal be on the chopping block , the people who stand to lose the most are the most vocal . " I ’ve heard from constituents who have been harmed by the Affordable Care Act over the course of its being in existence , the Affordable Care Act said Representative Leonard Lance , Republican of New Jersey , whose affluent district Mr. Trump narrowly lost last year . " More recently , because of our discussions on repairing it , I ’ve heard from those who do not wish to have the act amended . More the Affordable Care Act that is the preponderance of those who have contacted me . " It is a longstanding rule of politics that rallying opposition to a proposal is usually easier than galvanizing support . And never is this more the case than when a widely distributed benefit is at risk of being taken away . " I was here in 2009 and 2010 , and we ’re not getting the    calls like that , " said Representative Brett Guthrie , a Kentucky Republican who is on one of the committees tasked with rewriting the law . " I think people are going to hold us accountable for making sure we not only repeal , but us have a law in place us creates a better opportunity for people . " The demands from    constituents in districts like Mr. Guthrie ’s are plainly shifting . In a nationwide CBS News poll last month , 53 percent of Republicans said they wanted to change the law 53 percent of Republicans make it work better while 41 percent the law they wanted to abolish it . 53 percent of Republicans the law , the law , is the law politically complicated than simply scrapping it . Congressional Republican leaders were met the law a backlash from their own ranks after it emerged that Congressional Republican leaders were considering financing a new law Congressional Republican leaders ending the longstanding practice of letting employers exclude from taxation the health benefits they offer . " Our voters do Congressional Republican leaders action , but as you make changes you become vulnerable to attack , " Representative Tom Cole of Oklahoma said . " This is fraught with difficulties , no doubt about it . " Adding to the anxiety is Mr. Trump , who is a wild card on the health law . His health secretary , Tom Price , Mr. Trump, who is a wild card on the health law to House Republicans at a private meeting on Thursday that the administration would let Congress draft a replacement bill , Mr. Cole said . But the president has said multiple times that Mr. Trump, who is a wild card on the health law uneasy about depriving anybody of health Mr. Trump, who is a wild card on the health law , and he may bridle if Democrats attack any Republican Mr. Trump, who is a wild card on the health law that may lead to that . As Democrats note , Mr. Trump owes his victory in part to Mr. Trump, who is a wild card on the health law have benefited Mr. Trump, who is a wild card on the health law the law . " A lot of economically vulnerable Republican voters have come to rely on government ’s involvement in making sure they have affordable health care,"said Geoff Garin , a A lot of economically vulnerable Republican voters pollster . And with Mr. Trump and Republican lawmakers facing less pressure from the right than the left , conservative groups worry that the party will not ultimately have the stomach to repeal the law , which Republicans have been running against since 2010 . " Voters gave Republicans the charge to repeal and replace Obamacare , and the continued delays and discussions about repairing Obamacare need to stop , " David McIntosh , the head of the Club for Growth , a conservative advocacy group , said last week . 
 