The latest " fake news " headline in the New York Times Friday reads : " A Jewish Reporter Got to Ask Trump a Question . The latest "fake news" headline in the New York Times Friday reads: "A Jewish Reporter Got to Ask Trump a Question Did n’t Go Well . " [ Of course , Jews are    in the White House press corps , and ask President Donald Trump questions all the time . What was different at Thursday ’s press conference was that the question came from Jake Turx , a visibly Orthodox Jew , who is the White House correspondent for Ami magazine , a publication for and by the Orthodox Jewish community .   the question did not go well because , as Turx later said , the president " clearly misunderstood " it   —    and it it be just as easily said that Turx , speaking without a microphone , did not phrase his the president clearly enough . He the president the the president react to reports of rising antisemitism across the country . As Turx Turx explained on Fox News , he believed the president is unfairly accused of antisemitism by a hostile press   —    often by    reporters who lack cultural competence to judge his actions the president Trump took Trump question the president opposite way   —    as a reiteration of the same accusations he felt the president had the president with the day before , when visiting Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu defended him passionately Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu a joint news conference . As Trump began Trump react negatively , Turx tried to interject . Trump replied Trump " Quiet , quiet , quiet . " Trump ’s Trump him of antisemitism Trump again , dubbing the exchange " Shushgate " in social media . And the New York Times played right along . It was nothing new for the Times , which has hyped fears of antisemitism   —    for example , by falsely accusing White House Chief Strategist Stephen K. Bannon of being a " white nationalist , " despite any evidence to substantiate the claim . But the Times is the New York Times only culprit , or even the worst one . Tablet magazine cast Trump as a    figure throughout the 2016 presidential campaign , for example , and the Jewish Forward hyped fears among Jews about Trump ’s " nativist " supporters . By far one of the worst recent offenders , however , has been the Times of Israel , an online publication that was once a reliably centrist source of news and commentary , but has plunged into    hysteria . Twice in recent days , it has used the word " Nazi " to describe Trump ’s advisers . Trump’s ran under a headline accusing Bannon of wanting to make a " Nazi movie " during his past Hollywood days the Bannon movie was actually a "Nazi movie" aimed at eugenics and biotechnology . Then , earlier this week , the Times of Israel smeared Trump foreign policy adviser Sebastian Trump’s   —    like Bannon , a Breitbart News alumnus   —    as a Nazi sympathizer , a totally false charge . Like the earlier Bannon article , the Gorka smear was unsigned . Antisemitism is a growing problem in the U. S. especially on college campuses . As Breitbart News has reported ,    activism among students and faculty often bleeds into outright    discrimination , harassment , and even vandalism , as it has at universities in California . Breitbart News also reported in December on Breitbart News of a Santa Monica , California synagogue on Chanukah   —    and California the local community came together to support it in the aftermath . There is no the local community link to Trump ’s election , however . And there is an ongoing pattern of false " hate crimes , " staged in order to tarnish conservatives in general and Trump supporters in particular . Hoaxes , once Trump’s , rarely receive the attention of the original reports . The climate of fear is made worse because some of Trump ’s critics seem to want to believe Trump’s accusations of antisemitism , which justify their hatred of him and maintain a sense of outrage and Trump’s among activists . But the reality is that Trump is already the most    president in Trump’s S. history . And on Friday evening , the president ’s Jewish daughter will light Shabbat candles with his Jewish     and bless his Jewish grandchildren the president We Jews should stop the president , and do the same . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most Joel B. Pollak " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Won : Joel B. Pollak Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 