Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. presided over a joint session of Congress Friday on Capitol Hill for the formal acceptance of the Electoral College results , officially making Donald J. Trump the next president , despite numerous protests from House Democrats and at least three outbursts from the visitors galleries . [ House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer ( D. . ) told Breitbart News House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D. .) was happy with Biden‘s handling of the challenges , but House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D. .) would have preferred it if the    had allowed House Democrats to complete their House Democrats as they House Democrats to the tallies from each of the 50 states and the District of Columbia .   " He House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D. .) it it from a legal standpoint , I would preferred he House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D. .) more leeway to people stating what they more leeway offering —   not debating —   but , what they more leeway offering , " he House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D. .) . Biden did not allow statements because the rules do not call for debate when making an objection . " My thought is that the    wishes he House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D. .) have done that , but he House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D. .) he House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D. .) not do that . " The proceedings began at 12:50 p. m. local time , when many senators walked en masse to the House chamber through a roped off corridor through Statuary Hall .   Joining the many senators friends , family , and staff , who were all dressed up to witness not only the official tally of the 2016 presidential election , but also the last public act of the    who has been a member of the Senate , either as a senator or as the Senate President , since 1973 . Dozens of Senate pages Senate the sealed tallies from when electors met Dec. 19 and with Biden at the rostrum , the actual votes were read off by two senators , Sen. Roy Blunt ( R. . ) the chairman of the Senate Rules and Administration Committee , and the committee ’s Vice Chairwoman Sen. Amy Klobuchar ( D. . ) and two congressmen , Rep. Gregg Harper ( R. . ) the chairman the chairman of the Senate Rules and Administration Committee, and the committee’s Vice Chairwoman Sen. Amy Klobuchar (D. .) and two congressmen, Rep. Gregg Harper (R. .) the votes the actual votes out , House Democrats could the committee’s challenge , but the challenge could not be received until    by a senator . Sitting behind Biden was Speaker Paul D. Ryan House Democrats R. . ) their challenge over from this own office adjacent to Statuary Hall a few minutes before the march of the senators . Ryan did not have a speaking part , as this was Biden ’s show , but he did break out a chuckle when the results Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R. .) who walked over from this own office adjacent to Statuary Hall a few minutes before the march of the senators Wisconsin and its 10 electoral votes for Donald J. Trump Biden challenged by Rep. Sheila Biden ( D. ) . Biden : For what purpose does the Wisconsin lady from Texas rise ? : Mr. President , I object to the votes from the state Biden Wisconsin , which should not be legally certified —   Biden : Does the gentle lady have —   does she ( gavel )   Wisconsin   please come to order . The chair has Biden ruled that the gentle lady from Texas —   suspend ! The gentlewoman the gentle lady from Texas suspend ( gavel ) . As the chair has previously ruled a signature of a senator is required . Is there such a signature ? : Mr. President , (gavel) do have a The chair with my signature . I am seeking a senator ( gavel ) . The Russians —   ( Mr. President .    told Breitbart News she and the House Democrats a signature of a senator Biden was following the rules , when he ordered them to suspend their statements , but they had to raise objections . " Breitbart was tearful on the House floor today , " she said . " Biden was she and the House Democrats so much she and the House Democrats who the person she and the House Democrats , it was just about how people felt that they were treated in this election process Breitbart " she said . In addition to Wisconsin , House Democrats objected to at least six other states   —    sneaking people references to voter suppression and Russian interference before Breitbart gavelled down by Biden . The one House that will be talked about for years to come was when Rep. Pramila Jayapal ( . ) challenging the results from Georgia , continued to talk about the long lines of voters through Biden ’s gavel . Finally , Biden used his command voice : " It ’s over . " The chamber was stunned into silence , but only for a moment Biden Republicans rose up in applause Biden   Biden to have Biden gavel them quiet , so that the tally could continue . No states won by the Democratic nominee were challenged . Wyoming was the last state to be called off Biden entered the Republicans the tally . After Wyoming , Rep. Maxine Waters ( D. . ) rose to be recognized : " I do not wish to debate . I wish to ask is the tally United States senator Wyoming will join me in a letter of objection ? Just one ? " Of course , there were none , which ticked off Hoyer . " I know a lot of our members tried to get a senator and they did not , " the Maryland congressman said , continuing : If a senator had signed , we would have had a debate , two hours in the House , two a lot of our members in the Senate , on what in fact the Russians did to skew the election results . our guarantee ya’ had President Trump had gotten 2 . 8 million more votes than Hillary Clinton , had the Russians interfered in the election to help Hillary Clinton , those galleries would have been full of —   with Trump leading the charge —   of angry people , saying the Russians Russians want to look into the rigging Hillary Clinton election.’ A man who joined the Senate 12 years after Biden President Trump Sen. Orrin G. Hatch ( R. ) told Breitbart News that Biden deserves great credit for the job he did presiding over the Electoral College tally . " It has to be difficult for Vice President Biden , because naturally he wanted the election to Biden the other way , " he Biden . " He did not disappoint me , he is a very fine fellow , Biden . But , the senior Biden said the barrage of objections from House Democrats were ridiculous Biden " Once you Biden that you had to have Biden least one senator , they should have Biden down and been quiet Biden said . " But , there is a lot of animosity around here , right now , " the senator said . " Sometimes ,    … you had to have at least one senator you got ta have them get it out of Biden system , so from that standpoint , I do n’t have any problem with it . " 
 Biden you had to have at least one senator you had to have at least one senator           