Former New Hampshire Republican senator Kelly Ayotte told Breitbart News Breitbart News is not true that Judge Neil Gorsuch would not meet with Senate Democrats while Judge Neil Gorsuch paid visits to senators after President Donald Trump nominated President Donald Trump Feb. 1 to serve on the Supreme Court . [ " Judge Neil Gorsuch met with 80 senators , " said Ayotte , who was asked by the White House to shepherd Gorsuch Gorsuch her shepherd Gorsuch workplace , where she shepherd Gorsuch with all but seven of the senators expected to vote on the Gorsuch nomination before the end of the week .   The Nevada Independent reported Thursday that Democratic freshman Sen. Catherine    said Gorsuch Gorsuch meeting with her Democratic freshman Sen. Catherine    " Unfortunately , after requesting a meeting with the Judge for several weeks , he Democratic freshman Sen. Catherine    refused to honor this request , " Cortez Masto said . " The U. S. Constitution has entrusted the Senate with the role of advising the President on the highest court of the land and in refusing to meet with me , he Democratic freshman Sen. Catherine    disrespected our nation ’s founding principles and pillars core to our democratic institutions . " Ayotte said she Ayotte her Ayotte reached out to every senator , both Republican and Democrat , about meeting the judge nominated to replace Justice Antonin Scalia . " As for Senator Cortez Masto ? We reached out to her Ayotte in February , " Ayotte Ayotte . The Senator Cortez Masto   ’s scheduler told her Ayotte the Nevada senator Senator Cortez Masto a month . Ayotte Ayotte that , while the the judge nominated to replace Justice Antonin Scalia spending time with his family the judge nominated to replace Justice Antonin Scalia his potential the judge nominated to replace Justice Antonin Scalia to the high court , if there were still Senate Democrats looking to speak with Gorsuch before the vote , she Ayotte attempt to make it happen . Monday , the Senate Judiciary Committee voted along party lines    to approve the nomination and move the nomination to the Senate floor . 
 