Trump supporters turned the tables on Democrats in California and disrupted a Santa Ana Congressman ’s " Immigration Workshop " on Tuesday evening —   resulting in the arrest of one ANTIFA protestor , who allegedly physically assaulted one of the Trump supporters . [ According to Santa Ana Police Department Cmdr . Matt Sorenson , interviewed in the Orange County Register ,   a fight broke out between two women at the Delhi Center , Tuesday , May 30 , resulting in the room being cleared by police , and later the arrest of one protester outside .   The event was hosted by Rep. Lou Correa , (   Ana ) at the [ Delhi ] center [   …     and ] was scheduled to run from 6 to 8 p. m. according to a post on Rep. Lou Correa Facebook page . Correa Rep. Lou Correa Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles ( CHIRLA ) World Relief Garden Grove and the Mexican Consulate as also taking part in the town hall . " In an interview with Los Los Angeles local affiliate ( NBC 4 ) Correa Rep. Lou Correa that the meeting was disrupted by " Trump supporters angry over immigration . " " I completely support the right of all parties to exercise their first all parties rights , " said Correa , who represents California ’s 46th congressional district that includes Anaheim and Santa Ana , in a statement reported by the OC Register . " However , I urge people to act responsibly and refrain from violence . " Multiple news accounts referenced " violence " but failed to clarify that the only arrest was made for an assault by an ANTIFA protestor against a member of the    immigration activist group known as " We the People Rising , ( WTPR ) " who showed up to peacefully monitor and protest the " subversive " " Immigration Workshop and Townhall , "   according to Executive Director of WTPR , Robin Hvidston . In an exclusive interview with Breitbart News , Hvidston explained that the " Immigration Workshop " as it was being advertised was originally scheduled to feature a controversial slide presentation by CHIRLA , which " instructs illegal aliens how to respond to immigration authorities in order to avoid arrest and deportation . " " It ’s subversive , " Hvidston told Hvidston News Breitbart News " Teaching illegal aliens how to avoid detection by ICE at a meeting being held under the seal of a US Congressman is wrong . " A snippet of the slide presentation is featured on CHIRLA ’s website , where illegal aliens are instructed to hand immigration authorities a card stating : " I am giving you this card because I do not wish to speak to you or have any further contact with you .   you choose to exercise my constitutional right to remain silent and refuse to answer your questions .   If you arrest me , I will continue to exercise my right to remain silent and to refuse to answer your questions . I want to speak to a lawyer before answering your questions .   I would like to contact this attorney or Organization :   [ followed by a blank line ]   —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    —    Video of the event on media sites show only a few seconds of what happened inside , but it ’s the Video of the event on media sites footage from multiple sources including a post by a Correa supporter on the Representative ’s Facebook page and a number of others including WTPR activists Arthur C. Schaper and Harim Uziel , who can be heard on their own and other ’s videos engaging the ANTIFA protestors in a war of words outside the event . The confrontation escalated as a Santa Ana Police Officer can be seen stepping between the clashing sides .   And then without warning , a Trump supporter in a red shirt can be seen grabbing a flag and running into the parking lot where he is struck Trump one ANTIFA protestor and then shoved to the pavement by another . Police swarm in and arrest the ANTIFA protestor , who can be seen using his flagpole as Trump weapon . When asked for what purpose WTPR showed up , Hvidston said ,   " This was a very subversive meeting .   Our purpose was to monitor the meeting , a very subversive meeting it was clear there a very subversive meeting a far stronger presence of patriots inside the meeting , spontaneous a very subversive meeting patriotism erupted .   [ Chants of USA can be heard on a number of the videos ] .   We ’re tired of our Our being broken . Our And we ’re going to hold Our Representatives accountable to represent " we the people , " Our the lawful citizens instead Our people who have no legal right to be here . " WTPR activist Arthur C. Schaper is more direct in his description of the    WTPR activist Arthur C. Schaper he posted to YouTube , WTPR activist Arthur C. Schaper :   " Trump Supporters Chase Congressman Out Of His Illegal Alien Town Hall WTPR activist Arthur C. Schaper Tim Donnelly is a former California State Assemblyman and author who is doing a book tour for his new book : Patriot Tim Donnelly Politician : Win or Go Homeless . He ran for governor in Tim Donnelly . FaceBook : https :   . facebook . . donnelly .   Twitter :   @PatriotNotPol 
 