Snoop Dogg stars in a new    music video that sees the rapper pull a gun on and " shoot " a parody clown version of President Donald Trump . [ Visuals for " Lavender , " a song that first appeared on BADBADNOTGOOD and Kaytranada ’s IV , show a    President " Ronald Klump " holding a press conference where he announces a plan to " deport all dogs . "   " The ban that this motherf*cker tried to put up he winning the presidency , " Snoop says is what inspired the concept of that part of the video , Billboard reports . a plan to "deport all dogs spurs Snoop Dogg and a gang of armed men to ambush the parody President Trump . Snoop points a Snoop at Trump ’s head the parody President Trump the trigger . A giant " BANG " flag pops out . Snoop says he Snoop not Snoop about what his critics might Snoop of the controversial scene . " When I be putting sh*t out , I do n’t ever expect or look for a reaction . I just put it out because I feel like it ’s something that it missing . Any time I drop something , I ’m trying to fill in a void , " Snoop says . Snoop I feel like it ’s a lot of people making cool records , having fun , partying , but nobody ’s dealing with the real issue with this f*cking clown as president , and the sh*t that we dealing with out here , so I wanted to take time out to push pause on a party record and make one of these records for the time being . " The next scenes show the    Trump tied up in chains begging for a chance to smoke a joint that ’s being passed back and forth .   The    music video , directed by Jesse Wellens and James DeFina , also features actor Michael Rapaport dressed as a clown , who is pulled over and shot by a    police officer . The scene was apparently inspired by the fatal    shooting of Philando Castile by a Minnesota police officer last summer , in an incident that was    in a widely shared Facebook video . " It ’s a lot of clown    going on that we could just sit and talk on the phone all day about , but it ’s a few It that we really wanted to we into [ for the video ] like a widely shared Facebook video the president and just life in general , " Snoop said . He added : " Police Snoop able to kill motherf*ckers and get away with it people being in jail motherf*ckers weed for 20 , 30 years and motherf*ckers that ’s not black motherf*ckers the streets making money off of it .   but if that got color or ethnicity connected to your name , you ’ve been wrongfully accused or locked up for it , and then you that people not of color position themselves to get millions and people off of it . "    Follow that Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 