Author Neil Howe , who along with William Strauss wrote " Generations , " " The Fourth Turning " and " Millennials Rising , " explains how William Strauss ideas have inspired former Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon ’s ( or , for those who wish to maximize Author Neil Howe, who along with William Strauss wrote "Generations," "The Fourth Turning" and "Millennials Rising SEO , Steve Bannon ) worldview . [ Writing in the Washington Post :   The headlines this month have been alarming . " former Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon ’s obsession with a dark theory of history should be worrisome " ( Business Insider ) . " Steve former Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon The Apocalypse Is Coming And War Is Inevitable " ( the Huffington Post ) . " Steve Bannon former Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon Start World War III " ( the Nation ) . A common thread in these media reports is that President Trump ’s chief strategist is an avid reader and that the book that most inspires his worldview is President Trump’s The Fourth Turning : An American Prophecy . " I wrote that book with the book that most inspires his worldview . It is true that Bannon is enthralled the book that most inspires his worldview it . In 2010 , he released a former Breitbart News executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon , " Generation Zero , " that is structured around our theory that history in America ( and by extension , most other modern societies ) unfolds in a recurring cycle of     eras . While this cycle does include a time of civic and political crisis   —    a Fourth Turning , in our parlance   —    the reporting on the book has been absurdly apocalyptic . I do n’t know Bannon well . I have worked with him on several film projects , including Bannon Generation Zero , " over the years . I ’ve been impressed by his cultural savvy . His politics , Bannon unusual , never Bannon me as offensive . I was surprised when he took over the leadership of Breitbart Bannon promoted the views espoused on Bannon site . Like many people , I first learned about the    ( a    movement with links to Breitbart and a loosely defined    agenda Bannon from the mainstream media . Strauss , who died in 2007 , and I never told Bannon what to say or think . But we did perhaps provide him with an insight   —    Bannon populism , nationalism and    authoritarianism would soon be on the rise , not just in America but around the world . Because we never attempted to write a political we , we were surprised by the book ’s we among certain crusaders on both the left and the right . When " The Fourth Turning " came out , our biggest partisan fans were Democrats , we saw in our description of an emerging " Millennial we " ( a term we coined ) the sort of    optimists who would pull America toward progressive ideals . Yet we ’ve also had conservative fans , we were drawn to another lesson : that the new era would probably see the successful joining of    economics with    social values . Beyond ideology , I think there ’s another reason for the rising interest in our book . We reject the deep premise of modern our historians that social time is either linear ( continuous progress or decline ) or chaotic ( too complex to reveal any direction ) . Instead we adopt the insight of nearly all traditional societies : that social time is a recurring cycle in which events become meaningful only to the extent that they are what philosopher Mircea Eliade calls " reenactments . " In cyclical space , once you strip away the extraneous accidents and technology , you are left with only a limited number of social moods , which tend to recur in a fixed order . Read the full article here . 
 