Despite outcries from social justice warriors , pro golf great Tiger Woods recently played a round of golf with    Donald Trump . Now , the    Masters Tournament winner is talking about that visit . [ After their December 23 game Woods , one of the most accomplished pro golfers in history , had quite a lot to say about   Donald Trump round with   Donald Trump including how the    hits a great long ball , according to USA Today .   " What most impressed me was how far   Donald Trump hits the ball at 70 years old .   Donald Trump takes a pretty good lash , " Woods wrote about   Donald Trump on   Donald Trump website . " Our discussion topics were    it was fun . We both enjoyed the bantering , bickering and needling . " " We both did n’t have a match and played for fun , " Woods continued . " I was testing drivers and fairway woods , and changed some settings . I think   Donald Trump enjoyed seeing the difference in shots when you experiment . " Woods also went on to note that   Donald Trump has " had the privilege of playing golf with Mr. Trump , George H. W. Bush , Bill Clinton and Barack Obama . "   Donald Trump then noted " and I appreciate the opportunity . " Woods has also surprised many by announcing that   Donald Trump intends to try and get back to competitive golf , something that many felt would never happen . " I know many people doubted whether I would play competitive golf again , and to be honest , even I was n’t sure . A year ago at Hero , I was asked the question and gave a completely different answer . But after a year of working harder than I ’ve ever worked to get back , I knew it was possible , " Woods wrote in the blog post . " My love for the game never left . My love for the game ’s just that the body would not allow me to play . Now the body is allowing me to do it the body . Combine that with the amount of support I have received from so many people , and the help I ’ve had from players and friends , and there is great reason for optimism . " Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 