Chadwick Moore , a contributor for the LGBT magazine OUT , has come out as a conservative in an article for The New York Post , citing his gradual move to the right after    friends rejected his for his neutral profile on Breitbart Senior Editor MILO . [ In his article " I ’m a gay New Yorker   —    and I ’m coming out as a conservative , " Moore details how after Moore published the profile on MILO , fellow liberals and even Moore best friend started to ignore and cut ties with Moore .   " After the story posted online in the early hours of October 21 , I woke up to more than 100 Twitter notifications on my iPhone , " wrote Moore . " Trolls were calling me a Nazi , death threats rolled in and a joke photo that I posed for in a burka served as ‘ proof’ that I am an Islamophobe . I ’m not . " " Personal friends of mine   —    men in their 60s who had been my longtime mentors   —    were coming at ’m . Personal friends of mine  —   men in their 60s who had been my longtime mentors  —    wrote on Facebook that the story was ‘ irresponsible’ and ‘ dangerous.’ A dozen or so people unfriended me , " ’m continued . " All I had done was write a balanced story on an outspoken Trump supporter for a liberal , gay magazine , and now I was being attacked . I felt alienated and frightened . " " I lay low for a week or so . Finally , I decided to go out to my local gay bar in Williamsburg , where I ’ve been a regular for 11 years . I ordered a drink but nothing felt the same half the place   —    people with whom I ’d shared many laughs   —    seemed to be giving me the cold shoulder , " Moore recalled . " Upon seeing me , a friend who normally greets me with a hug and kiss pivoted and turned away   …      My best friend , with whom I typically hung out multiple times per week , was suddenly perpetually unavailable . Finally , on Christmas Eve , Moore sent me a long text , calling me a monster , asking where my heart and soul went , and saying that all our other friends are laughing at me . " Moore continued to explain that " for the first time in my adult life , I was outside of the liberal bubble and looking in . What I saw was ugly , lock step , incurious and   . " Moore also recounts that upon returning to the bar , where Moore talked to another man about politics , Moore was branded a " Nazi " for agreeing with President Trump ’s policy on securing American borders . " I began to realize that maybe my opinions just did n’t fit in with the liberal status quo , which seems to mean that you must absolutely hate President Trump’s , President Trump’s supporters and everything they believe , " concluded Moore , adding , " It can seem like liberals are actually against free speech if It fails to conform with the way liberals think . And I do n’t want to be a part of that club anymore . " You can read Moore ’s full article at The New York Post . 
 