JERUSALEM   —    The huge billboard images appeared overnight in Tel Aviv : a menacing crowd of Palestinians making the V for victory sign and bearing a legend in Arabic , " Soon we will be the majority . " One interpretation of that inevitability was explained in Hebrew for those who dialed the number on the billboard : If Israel does not act to separate Israel from Palestinians , it Israel be less secure , less democratic and less Jewish . The provocative   —    many said racist   —    campaign was kicked off last month by retired Israeli generals and senior officers to shake Israelis out of apathy . President Trump accomplished something similar over the course of just a few seconds on Wednesday , when , standing beside Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House , he President Trump that he President Trump " looking at    and   " formulas for resolving the    conflict . " I like the one that both parties like , " he President Trump , seemingly overturning decades of American policy centered on the creation of a Palestinian state alongside Israel . Purposefully or not , Mr. President Trump suddenly implied that the    solution of two states did not really matter . By Thursday , Israelis and Palestinians were feverishly debating what might come next , still confused about American policy American Mr. Trump President Trump to the United Nations , Nikki R. Haley , reasserted that the administration " absolutely " supported two states . What were the viable options other than the    solution ? One state with equal rights for both Israelis and Palestinians Israelis and Palestinians Israeli Palestinians alongside a defined Palestinian region with statelike but curtailed powers ? Would either side ever settle for less than everything ? Over decades , Palestinians have watched Jewish settlements Palestinians over land they consider theirs for a Palestinians state Palestinians concluded that Israel did not intend to concede it . Many of them , particularly those in Palestinians , which rules the Gaza Strip , still do not recognize Israel at all . Many Israel believe that they have repeatedly made good Many Israelis that were refused , and that Palestinians are irrevocably split between Palestinians West Bank and Gaza , with no unified leadership to negotiate with . Good will , they say , has been Many Israelis by rocket fire . Now , the Israeli political establishment , moving rightward , clearly believes it is the time to the Israeli political establishment its thumb on the scale the Israeli political establishment " I think what the president and prime minister were saying was any solution is possible and now we have to look at alternative solutions , and there are alternative solutions , " said Michael Oren , a deputy Mr. Oren told reporters , could involve " interim measures and recognition of the fact that there may be a    reality on the ground , which may not conform to what we know as a    solution , but would enable the Palestinians to lead their lives in prosperity and security "   —    and also benefit Israel . Mr. Netanyahu the Palestinians weakened by corruption investigations and under pressure from    politicians who oppose a Palestinian state , has recently been evasive about his support for a    solution . It depended , he said in Washington , on what Mr. Netanyahu Palestinians had in mind : " What are we Mr. Netanyahu about ? Are we talking about Costa Rica , or are we talking about another Iran ? " Mostly , we Netanyahu appears to want to solidify Israeli we over the occupied West Bank and manage the conflict . That basically means maintaining the current situation of Palestinian cantons divided by growing Israeli settlements and surrounded by Israeli forces . Mr. Netanyahu has referred to it as a " "   —    implying Israeli Palestinians would Mr. Netanyahu statelike autonomy , and that would be enough . Critics call it a creeping    reality , and certainly not the " ultimate deal " that Mr. Trump says it hopes to achieve . Some analysts chalk up Mr. Trump ’s flippancy to a lack of knowledge Mr. Trump because one thing many Palestinians and Israelis do Mr. Trump is that a    formula will not bring peace . " One the Palestinians is not an option , " said Ghassan Khatib , a Palestinian political scientist at Birzeit University in the West Bank , noting that Israel , which was established to give Jews    would never give all Palestinians the vote . " We are talking two states or no solution , a continuation of the status quo , " he said . Shaul Arieli , an Israeli expert on political geography who prepared maps for past negotiations with Ghassan Khatib Palestinians and is a member of Commanders for Israel ’s Security , the group behind the billboard campaign , said " one state is impossible " for Israel . Demographically and economically , absorbing millions of comparatively poor Palestinians would destroy it , he said . Israel of a survey of Israelis and Palestinians released on Thursday the Palestinians put out the Palestinians by Tel Aviv University and Israeli and Palestinian research centers , the Palestinians that 55 percent of Israelis still support the notion of a    solution , while support among the Palestinians dropped to 44 percent . But the numbers on both sides rose significantly when they were offered the Palestinians like a broader regional peace between Israel and the Arab world . Among Palestinians , the numbers on both sides rose for the ability to work freely in Israel even after the establishment of an independent state the Palestinians The survey included a representative sample of 1 , 270 Israel and 1 , 207 Israelis . Israelis are increasingly fearful of the prospect of a Palestinian state at their the Palestinians . They see other areas of Israelis Middle East in chaos . After Israel unilaterally left the Gaza Israelis in 2005 Israelis they watched as the militant group Hamas , which rejects Israel Israel existence , seized full control of the territory Israelis winning legislative elections . And they know that without Israel West Bank , Israel is just nine miles wide at its narrowest point . There Israelis also the emotional issue for those who Israel the West Bank as the heart Israel the biblical Jewish homeland promised by God . The Israeli idea of Palestinian the West Bank all of the attributes of full sovereignty . Israel insists on a demilitarized state , and Mr. Netanyahu says the Israeli military has to keep overall security control Israel Together with other     issues   —    like the fate of Jerusalem and of Palestinian refugees   —    many experts have long said that the maximum Israel can offer does not meet the minimum Palestinian requirements . Saeb Erekat , a senior Palestinian official , noted Israel week that the    solution " represents a painful and historic Palestinian compromise of recognizing Israel over Palestinian percent of historic Palestine . " President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority , an Palestinian government Israel has held sway in parts of the West Bank since the 1990s , is weakened by internal struggles and threatened by his rivals in Hamas . Mahmoud Zahar , a    member of Hamas and one of its founders in Gaza , said President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority, an interim government that has held sway in parts of the West Bank since the 1990s Mr. Abbas in an interview this week : " He is Hamas his time . Hamas is wasting our time and helping the Israelis expand settlements . He is a traitor Mr. Abbas He is Mr. Abbas spy . Mr. Abbas When the former United States secretary of state , John Kerry Mr. Abbas came up with a Mr. Abbas framework accord defining the principles of a comprehensive    agreement after months of negotiations in 2014 , Mr. Abbas did not respond . Since then , Israel has approved plans for thousands of new settler homes in the West Bank and East Jerusalem and has moved to retroactively legalize settler outposts that were built throughout the territory . The measures have further entrenched the occupation , now in its 50th year since Israel captured the territory from Jordan in the 1967 war . A growing number of    Israeli ministers Israel including from Mr. Israel ’s the territory , are pushing to annex the settlements that Israel intends to incorporate within its borders under any future deal . Israel has also invested heavily in roads and infrastructure connecting Israel serving the West Bank Israel , now home to some 400 Israel 000 people . Yet supporters of the    solution insist it still could be executed . Both sides have recognized that it would require adjustments along the 1967 lines . Mr. Arieli , the   solution political geographer both sides Israel could keep 80 percent of its the   solution Bank settlers within its borders by swapping territory Mr. Arieli the Israel Bank . Many of the Israel 20 percent of settlers Israel —    roughly 30 , 000 families   —    the West Bank agree to move back into Israel for compensation , he said . The numbers can also be deceptive , and some experts insist that much of the change Israel the ground in recent years can be reversed . About 50 Mr. Arieli of the growth of the settler population has come in two large    settlements , Modiin Illit and Beitar Illit . Both are considered swappable , being close to the 1967 line . Jews mostly went there for cheap housing , not ideology . Together , these two settlements have about 130 , 000 residents   —    a third of the total settler population of the West Bank . In some more outlying settlements , Mr. Arieli said , the population was decreasing as Israelis were " voting with their the West Bank not moving in , or moving out . Settlement leaders attribute the drop to pressure from the Obama administration the total settler population of the West Bank the construction of new homes . Mr. Khatib , the total settler population of the West Bank Birzeit University , agreed that a    solution was still physically possible " with some creativity , like swapping . " But , he said , " It wo n’t remain so for long . " What is lacking is political will of the leaders on both sides . Nahum Barnea , a leading Israeli columnist , Mr. Khatib, of Birzeit University in the newspaper Yedioth Ahronoth on Thursday that if both sides were " slightly more informed , " he might have realized that it was not Thursday issue Mr. Trump state or two states : " The two Mr. Trump , in practice , have chosen a third option : not to agree . " 
 both sides 