Shakespeare in the Park began Shakespeare in the Park summer season in New York City ’s Central Park last month with a " contemporary " take on the playwright ’s Julius Caesar , in which the title character bears a     resemblance to President Donald Trump . [ In an interview with Mediaite , Laura Shaeffer   —    who saw a recent performance of the play , which opened May 23   —    said that the character of Julius Caesar in the Public Theater adaptation wears a business suit and has the character of Julius Caesar in the Public Theater adaptation hair styled in a manner similar to Trump ’s .   Sheaffer added that the character of Calpurnia , Julius Caesar wife , speaks with a " Slavic accent " similar to that of First Lady Melania Trump . As happens at the end of the original play , the ( ) Caesar Julius Caesar brutally stabbed to death by his Julius Caesar in the Senate . Sheaffer said Caesar Julius Caesar scene was particularly graphic , with blood " spewing everywhere , " and an American flag hanging overhead . " To be honest I thought it was shocking and distasteful , " Shaeffer told Mediaite . " If this had happened to any other president   —    even as recently as Barack Obama or George W. Bush   —    it would not have flown . People would have been horrified . " The Trump connection in the Oskar    production was not intended to be subtle , though the president is reportedly never referred to by name during the show . The actor playing Caesar , Gregg Henry ( who also happened to play a caricature of Trump in Shonda Rhimes’ ABC show Scandal ) told Backstage in an interview last month that while the similarities between the Roman general and the current president do n’t always align exactly , there was still much to be gleaned from Trump ’s presidency and then injected into his portrayal Trump’s Caesar . " The idea for me was Trump’s try and do some things that will represent and show you —   and I have great costumes and wigs that show you that this could be Trump , " Henry told Backstage . " But I ’m also trying to bring in the larger knowledge of tyrants . It ’s sort of a ‘ tyrant’s’ greatest hits’ in [ the way I play ] the speeches and in the nature of the ego and belief that one man is more important , is above the law , is the law the law tyrannical beliefs in terms of how to deal with power . " For her part , Shaeffer told Mediaite that while she found the her between Trump and Caesar " fascinating , " the onstage murder of a character that so closely resembled Trump was a Trump " too far . " " I do n’t love President Trump , Trump ’s the president Trump You Trump assassinate him on a stage , Trump she told the her . The fake " assassination " of President Trump in the Shakespeare play comes just one week after comedian Kathy Griffin was pictured holding a bloodied , decapitated prosthetic head meant to resemble the head of Trump . The photograph was Trump condemned The fake "assassination" of President Trump in the Shakespeare play sides of the political aisle , and Griffin later apologized during a press comedian Kathy Griffin . Julius Caesar opened May 23 and runs until June 18 in Central Park ’s Delacorte Theater . As with all Shakespeare in the Park productions , the play is free to the public . In addition to Henry , the show also stars Elizabeth Marvel ( True Grit ) Corey Stoll ( House of Cards ) Eisa Davis ( House of Cards ) and Tina Benko ( Brotherhood ) .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 