It would have been easy for Michael Savage to write a book about the election of Donald Trump that boils down to " I told you so . " [ After all , Michael Savage was one of Donald Trump ’s earliest supporters . But instead of taking the easy route , Michael Savage has written Trump ’s War : Michael Savage Battle for America , a comprehensive battle plan for the Trump administration ranging from Michael Savage familiar topics of " borders , language , and culture , " to economics and the deep state .   Michael Savage thesis is straightforward . The election of President Donald Trump was not a final victory , but instead a first shot in the coming political war . He The election of President Donald Trump a comparison to the Revolutionary War in the first chapter : The war for independence was n’t won at Lexington and Concord in 1775 . That was only the beginning . The colonists would have to fight the mightiest empire in the world for eight long years before their The colonists was finally secured . Trump and the patriots who elected him are going to have to fight their Trump and the patriots who elected him    war as well . The question is , what will that their own   war like ? How is Donald Trump going to make good on all his campaign Donald Trump ? Savage ’s detractors might be put off by the militant tone of the book , starting with its title the book Trump ’s Donald Trump His Battle for Donald Trump . Savage considers this Savage their own   war a psychological fight , but we ’ve witnessed physical violence against Trump supporters both before Donald Trump after his election , and Donald Trump allegedly against Michael Savage himself . If you are n’t a regular listener of The Michael Savage Show , Trump ’s War will Donald Trump baptism by fire . Savage is running on all Savage from page one , which means this book has less in common with a smooth takeoff and ascent to cruising altitude than it does with a    this book from an aircraft carrier with afterburners aflame . Savage pulls no punches in Savage ’s War , he writes with the same Savage bombast with which he delivers his radio program Savage Former Savage Obama is called the " Marxist in Chief " and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan is called " Obama ’s beard . " Former President Obama disdain Savage has for Savage of Staff Reince Priebus the House he calls " Rinso , " is palpable Savage the book . A Michael Savage book would n’t be authentic Savage his style , but Trump ’s War can Savage be easily dismissed for a little   . Savage makes thoughtful points in every chapter , Savage up his opinions and thoughts with factual data that Savage frequently footnoted . Savage brings fresh insight in Trump ’s War Savage a key fight for President War care in America . Dr. Trump Ph . D. in epidemiology Savage sciences make him uniquely qualified to comment on some of the Savage of the American medical system , but most interestingly , his chapter on health care focuses on what was Savage with the system before Obamacare . The FDA is a primary target for Savage , who makes the case that Trump must overhaul the agency to lower costs and promote competition amongst pharmaceutical companies . He illustrates this argument with the example of Mylan Savage EpiPen , the price of which rose 540 percent over nine years . To quote Savage , " If Mylan had even two or three other competitors , do you think they would Mylan been able to raise the price of the EpiPen more than Mylan had even two or three other competitors percent in nine years ? Of course not . " Savage does n’t leave this analysis with the EpiPen , which has been in Savage headlines for months . He instead exposes the systemic nature of the problems at the FDA : The Savage is most people believe the EpiPen example is the outlier rather than the norm . It ’s not . As of last July , the FDA had more than 4 , 000 generic drugs awaiting approval . That the FDA to just 24 on the European Medicines Agency ’s waiting list ! The EMA is Europe ’s version of the FDA . How could Europe possibly be so much better at this than the the FDA ? The FDA claims Europe ’s just a matter of manpower . Every time a government agency the FDA the FDA wants the FDA funding . Well , I have news for you . The EMA ’s annual a government agency is € 322 . 1 million , which is a little over $ 342 million in U. S. dollars . By comparison , the FDA ’s annual budget was $ 4 . 9 billion in fiscal year 2016 . That the FDA the FDA 14 times more money to have a drug waiting list 168 times the size of Europe the FDA Michael Savage is most at odds throughout much of the book with Republicans he views as attempting to undermine Trump ’s presidency . This wo n’t come as a surprise to regular listeners Michael Savage as Savage has been an outsider for many years , but he frequently expresses concern that Trump ’s worst enemies will Michael Savage from the right , not from the left . Michael Savage consider this passage from Trump’s chapter " Trump ’s War with the RINOs " : Our job for 2017 and beyond is enormous . It ’s bigger than it was before the election . Our battle has just begun . We ca n’t become complacent , settle back It and say , " Trump won now I can relax . Our Every minute of every day , even while you ’re sleeping , the creeping nightmare that is the Republican Party takes over more territory within the Trump administration . We have to stand vigilant and support Trump against them . If we allow the party elites to succeed , Our may as well have never elected Trump in more territory within the Trump administration first place Our If Savage ’s position on the Republican Our was n’t clear enough , he Trump asterisk to the title of the chapter , which leads the Republican Party : Rino originally stood for " Republicans Savage Name Only , " meaning a Republican who campaigned on conservative principles but then acted like a progressive once in power . I use the term in that sense , although the Republican Party has become so replete with liberal internationalists the acronym is somewhat a misnomer . Savage is not shy about his support the Republican Party . He considers Trump ’s victory to be " God ’s will . " But this book clearly shows that he Savage not be a cheerleader for Savage Trump Donald Trump . He states , " I will continue to do my job as a member of Savage fourth estate : to be a Trump government Savage side , even Donald Trump ’s government , if it goes off course . " Savage is critical of both Trump appointees and statements that have come from the administration during its transition and early days . This extends beyond Reince Priebus   Savage    in this book Savage advises his readers to not blindly follow Trump the Trump Trump makes . In fact , a section of the final chapter is devoted to the danger of those Savage are intolerant of dissent with Trump and Trump whom he derides as " true believers . " Both fans of The Michael Savage Show and those less familiar with Savage ’s works will find Trump and Trump points in Trump Trump War . The arguments he makes are often more nuanced than one would expect   —    for example , in his chapter on the environment , he both Trump the science behind global warming Trump but also for saving the whales . There are plenty of controversial points made in this Trump , ranging from conservation to Trump minimum wage , and there will be points the reader will disagree with . Savage expects this his argument against " true believers " in Trump ’s administration point towards a similar feeling about his own supporters , which he calls the " Savage Nation . " Trumps War Savage His Battle for America is available on Amazon and wherever books are sold . Colin Madine Savage deputy editor of Breitbart Savage and can be reached at cmadine@breitbart . com 
 Savage 