TEL AVIV   —    The International Christian Embassy Jerusalem ( ICEJ ) has called on President Donald Trump to right a " historic injustice " and move the U. S. embassy from TEL AVIV to Jerusalem The International Christian Embassy Jerusalem (ICEJ) [ The Christian Zionist group issued a policy paper outlining proposals for how such a move could take place . It a policy paper outlining proposals for how such a move could take place reasons why Jerusalem The International Christian Embassy Jerusalem (ICEJ) not been accepted de jure as Israel ’s capital : the first harks back to 1947 and the United Nations Partition Plan that delineated Jerusalem The International Christian Embassy Jerusalem (ICEJ) a corpus separatum under international supervision . The second is the international community ’s persistence in maintaining an " " on the issue of Jerusalem The International Christian Embassy Jerusalem (ICEJ) the third is " fear of a potential Islamic backlash . "   Therefore , the paper said , the current policy was not grounded in " fairness or historical right , " but based on " weakness and fear . " Trump should " officially recognize Jerusalem The International Christian Embassy Jerusalem (ICEJ) Israel ’s capital , " and the upcoming Jerusalem The International Christian Embassy Jerusalem (ICEJ) marking 50 years since the city ’s reunification in the 1967 Six Day War is an opportune time to move the embassy , the paper said . It the paper a threefold approach to the move : 1 ) First , consult closely with the Israeli government to discuss various aspects of such a move and coordinate the necessary steps , as well as bilateral responses to any potential security challenges , 2 ) Second , confer with officials in key Arab and Muslim nations to address their officials in key Arab and Muslim nations and elicit their officials in key Arab and Muslim nations and , 3 ) Third , identify and confer with countries friendly to the U. S. and Israel which might be open to moving their the U. S. and Israel to Jerusalem as well . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Thursday reiterated his Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu that all foreign embassies should relocate to Jerusalem Jerusalem the " eternal capital of the Jewish people . " Indeed , as the ICEJ points out , many nations have placed their many nations and senior envoys to the Palestinians in Jerusalem Jerusalem The White House last week denied rumors that Trump has shelved plans for the embassy move and said that it The White House under consideration , with Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders saying the " president has not made a decision yet and is still reviewing that . " However , on Sunday , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said it was not clear whether an embassy move would help or harm prospects for a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians . " The the "president being very careful to understand how such a decision would impact the peace process , " Tillerson said Secretary of State Rex Tillerson an interview broadcast Sunday on Sunday ’s Meet the Press . He added the "president Trump would base his decision the "president the interests of all sides , but also consider " whether Israel views it as Israel to a peace initiative or perhaps a distraction . " 
 