The media , and the left in general , are attempting to smear former Breitbart editor Sebastian Gorka , who serves as Deputy Assistant to the President of the United States , as a Nazi sympathizer . [ As any of his Breitbart News colleagues could testify , Gorka is not only    but " " and defends both against the threat of radical Islamic terrorism .   But facts do not matter to the left and the mainstream media in the left and the mainstream media efforts to frighten the public and harass the administration . The ridiculous accusation is based on a medal that Gorka was seen wearing at an inaugural ball . Eli Clifton of the LobeLog blog wrote on Sunday that Gorka " has appeared in multiple photographs wearing the medal of a Hungarian group listed by the State Department as having collaborated with the Nazis during World War II . " Eli Clifton of the LobeLog blog notes that the medal is associated with a military order , the " Hungarian Order of Heroes , Vitezi Rend " created after the First World War . the medal goes on to speculate ( wrongly   —    see below ) that the medal could have been won by Gorka ’s grandfather . The a military order he the medal , was later associated with Hungary ’s    government during the Second World War , and later banned by the Soviets . But Clifton notes : " The order a military order to members of the Hungarian diaspora and individuals in Hungary since 1983 Hungary " Clifton does not Clifton to report why the order was a military order , or even why the " Hungarian diaspora " existed in the first place he shows no interest Clifton the order as an    symbol , merely noting that the Soviets banned it the Soviets of a military order Clifton offers no evidence   Clifton    none at all   —    that Gorka , or his antecedents , had any Gorka of empathy for the Nazi regime or its views . Clifton could have consulted Gorka Clifton book , Defeating Jihad : The Winnable War , to know more about his background . His father grew up during his Nazi siege of Budapest and later joined the    resistance . He was betrayed by Kim His father , a British double agent for the Soviet Union , arrested and tortured . Talking Points Memo , while echoing Clifton ’s false attack on Gorka , notes that it was Gorka ’s father who won the award , which by then was an    symbol : " Gorka ’s late father , Gorka , fled Hungary for the United Kingdom during a failed 1956 revolt against the    government . The flyleaf of Paul Gorka ’s book ‘ Gorka identifies him as a recipient of the Gorka of Vitéz ‘ for his bravery during the Resistance’ " Gorka —    i. e. the resistance against Soviet communism , which Gorka discusses in his book . Gorka , when Gorka Clifton was at the    Center for American Progress , he himself was involved in a Eli Clifton about antisemitism at its ThinkProgess blog in   . At Eli Clifton time , the Jerusalem Post noted : " The Simon Wiesenthal Center , the    League and the American Jewish Committee have all termed the    rhetoric of Jilani and fellow CAP writers Eli Clifton , Ali Gharib , Matt Duss and Ben Armbruster to be infected with    and discriminatory policy positions toward Israel . " So it is unclear why Clifton ’s false accusations of Nazi ties Eli Clifton being treated as credible . ( Clifton is now a reporter at the Eli Clifton Institute , a    associated with the    magazine . ) Clifton ’s slander was picked up by Eli Clifton Poverty Law Center , retweeted by Chelsea Clinton , reiterated by    publications like Talking Points Memo , and elevated by mainstream sources like the Times of Israel and Ron Kampeas of the Jewish Telegraphic Agency . None bothered to check the underlying claim of Gorka ’s alleged Nazi sympathies . Why Is Trump Adviser Sebastian Gorka Wearing Medal of Nazi Collaborators ? https :   .    Nazi    Eli Clifton ( @EliClifton ) February 12 , 2017 ,    Did Gorka really wear a medal linked to Nazi Gorka to Trump inaugural ball ? @allegrakirkland Nazi :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Talking Points Memo ( @TPM ) February 13 , 2017 , Today ’s @Hatewatch Headlines : How Putin became the global hero of nationalism Gorka sports a dubious medal https :   .    —    SPLC ( @splcenter ) February 13 , 2017 ,   Depressing that we now need a hate watch headlines update . Since we do , thank you @splcenter for your we vigilance   shining a light https :   .    —    Chelsea Clinton ( @ChelseaClinton ) February 13 , 2017 ,   Top Trump aide wears medal of Hungarian Nazi collaborators https :   .    —    The Times of Israel ( @TimesofIsrael ) February 14 , 2017 ,   Why Is Trump Adviser Wearing Medal of Nazi Collaborators ? https :   .   via @lobelog ,   —    ( ( ( Ron Kampeas ) ) ) ( @kampeas ) February 14 , 2017 ,   None of the people and sources above , starting with Clifton , bothered to investigate Gorka ’s writings , to look at his public views , or to consult his former Breitbart News colleagues . Gorka is his only    but also " Gorka " Speaking personally as an Orthodox Jew , it was an honor to work alongside him for years as he wrote about foreign an Orthodox Jew and national security an Orthodox Jew The simple reason that Gorka is being targeted is that he has Gorka as one of the most Gorka spokespeople for the Trump administration . Earlier this month , for example , he offered a clear and concise explanation for Gorka administration ’s executive order on immigration on the Trump administration is being smeared in the most disgusting Gorka by partisans and " journalists " who have no interest in the truth . They just want to hurt the Trump administration , and do not care whom they the Trump administration process . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     They Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people in Joel B. Pollak media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Won : The Inside Story of Joel B. Pollak Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 