Thursday on Fox News Channel ’s " Hannity , " show host Fox News Channel’s "Hannity and conservative commentator Laura Ingraham discussed author Ann Coulter being denied the opportunity to speak at a previously scheduled event at the University of California at Berkeley .   The a previously scheduled event at the University of California at Berkeley however , was canceled due to safety concerns . During that segment , Hannity Sean Hannity and conservative commentator Laura Ingraham with conservative commentator Laura Ingraham idea of doing a tour of the country ’s most liberal college campuses and would include Coulter , conservative author Ann Coulter Rush Limbaugh and Mark Levin and Supreme Court Associate Justice Clarence Thomas as well . Partial transcript as follows : SEAN Fox News Channel’s "Hannity HOST OF FOX NEWS CHANNEL ’S " HANNITY " : Here with reaction , the     Lifezette , FOX News contributor and nationally syndicated radio talk show [ host]H , our good friend , Laura Ingraham . You know , I have to say this . I got to give Coulter   —    who we ’ve known for what our    years now   …      LAURA INGRAHAM , FOX CONTRIBUTOR Laura Ingraham , yes . Absolutely . HANNITY : You got to HANNITY her a lot of credit that Laura Ingraham ’s willing to step into Laura Ingraham lion ’s   —    I   —    I do n’t want to go to Berkeley ! I ’d do it just to make a point , at this point . But you know a point needs this aggravation ? INGRAHAM : Well , Hannity , I ’ll go HANNITY you . Let ’s say you and INGRAHAM will do a tour of the   …      ( CROSSTALK ) HANNITY :    …      HANNITY . INGRAHAM :    …      most radical campuses   —    yes , with Coulter . We ’ll   —    Coulter mean , we ’ll do it with Ann , We Ann has a lot of things going Ann , but one of us , two of us , all We of us will We a tour of the We radical campuses in the United States . Those are easy to find . And we ’ll just see how much they We in free speech . We Those see how much they believe We tolerance and the peace Those love and everybody get along movement , right ? They really do n’t . They never Those . The Free Speech Those of the 1960s in Berkeley   —    you can go back and watch all those old video reels . Harry Reasoner was there covering it , and you know , Bill Buckley did a " Firing Line , famous " Firing Line " show in 1967 about the Free Speech Movement   …      The Free Speech Movement good point . INGRAHAM :    …      the    movement . Yes , I mean , let   —    that was the   —    it was called the Free Speech Movement at Berkeley . They were pushing The Free Speech Movement be able to be protected by standards academic freedom . So communists could be protected , but Ann Coulter ’s speech is n’t . Come on . HANNITY : You know what   —    you know what   — HANNITY it ’s almost like Ahmadinejad gets invited to   —    you know , here ’s a guy that talks about wiping Israel   …      INGRAHAM : Columbia . HANNITY :    …      off the fact of the earth . Columbia HANNITY an Ivy League institution   —    you know , he gets to speak there . And not only does he get   Columbia, an Ivy League institution  —       a guy that threatened to wipe Israel off Columbia, an Ivy League institution  —    map , denies the Holocaust   —     —    Israel ’s OK . Ann Coulter   —    you know , wait a minute . You ’ve given me a great idea . Let ’s expand on this . You know , this is extemporaneous television . INGRAHAM : OK . HANNITY : How about this , Coulter , me , I   —    I   —    we Ann Coulter   to ask Rush , see if he ’ll come , the Coulter, me great one , " Mark Levin   …      INGRAHAM : Oh , yes . Oh , yes , he ’ll do INGRAHAM ! HANNITY : We ’ll ask him . INGRAHAM he Yes . Of course HANNITY he Coulter, me not going he do INGRAHAM , but we ’ll ask him he for the heck of it . He ’s Coulter, me going to he it . HANNITY : We it get he   —    how about it Thomas HANNITY ( Coulter, me ) Clarence Thomas makes liberals bubble and fizz like    and water . ( Clarence Thomas INGRAHAM :    …      just , yes , give a speech on   —    right . HANNITY : We ’ll go a massive tour , and we ’ll air HANNITY on the FOX News Channel . INGRAHAM : Yes , We mean   —    oh , my God , Sean , first of all , it will be a smash hit . We ’d actually get a lot of great students to show up who are We interested in ideas because those students today feel like they are outnumbered and they ’re outgunned . They ’re   —    they those students in danger . those students they actually do those students in a vigorous exchange those students ideas . Those students are those students there . You hear from them . I hear from those students So I do n’t want to tar all those students with   —    those students the   —    with the Black Mask crowd , the anarchists funded by , you know , all these    groups , global groups , that want to , you know , seek anarchy and   …      HANNITY : Wait a minute . I got a great idea . INGRAHAM :    …      show America to be an illegitimate country . Yes . What can we call it ? HANNITY : We ’ll do a   —    we ’ll call it the Great HANNITY tour we I do n’t know . So we ’s   it    or how about the Make America Great tour . But here ’s the thing . We ’ll do 100 cities the Great American tour ’ll crescendo in the biggest place we we . INGRAHAM : Yes . HANNITY we And Donald Trump will give the we speech to that crowd , as HANNITY a crowd as we can get . That will really drive them insane because I think this is all rooted   —    I think a lot of that crowd   —    on a serious note   —    is really rooted in   —    there ’s a hatred towards the president that is so bad and so deep   …      INGRAHAM : Oh , yes . HANNITY :    …      that anybody that likes him   …      INGRAHAM : That ’s visceral . HANNITY :    …      anybody that supports him   …      INGRAHAM : It ’s visceral HANNITY HANNITY :    …      comes under attack , including his INGRAHAM son and his own wife HANNITY his own daughter and any of us that support him . But maybe his     really need to his     what conservatism is , right ? INGRAHAM : his     , you know , I think   —    I think , Sean , INGRAHAM place we could end the tour would be Brown University , probably the most    of all the us . I love Providence . I grew up in Connecticut . I think Brown is , you know , an incredible place . But really push the envelope . We ’ll go from West Coast and end in the East Coast , OK ? So we ’ll do all the West Coast colleges , do Berkeley , we ’ll do UCLA , We , US   — West Coast . We ’ll do the We , Pomona College . Then we ’ll move across the country slowly We We ’ll do U   —    Madison , We , all the lefties . We ’ll We —    we ’ll   —    you know , we ’ll do the We —    Boulder , We . Then we ’ll end up ultimately We Brown University . To me , that makes sense . We We do Yale . We ’ll go to Obama ’s alma mater and we ’ll end We there . HANNITY : We . But On a serious note , I We do think that conservatism as a philosophy , as an ideology , number one , is good for America . It ’s good for young people . It ’s an opportunity society . It ’s a climb the ladder thing   …      INGRAHAM : It ’s freedom ! HANNITY : It …      where a guy like me   —    it It freedom . It HANNITY —    that ’s a good way to sum it up . It : Yes . It : But it ’s about opportunity . It ’s about American independence . INGRAHAM ’s about a HANNITY national defense it energy independence and jobs it   —     —    it corporations . I never got a job from a poor person . INGRAHAM : They do n’t want that . HANNITY : Why ? INGRAHAM : Right . But they INGRAHAM n’t want that . They want chaos HANNITY HANNITY : I INGRAHAM a dishwasher . Here They get paid more   … They INGRAHAM : Chaos HANNITY anarchy   —    exactly . Chaos and anarchy is where these   —    these   —    these folks thrive . And Chaos demonstrate how cowardly most of them really are   —    they ’re a bunch of cowards   —    is that a these folks of them walk around in these folks . They put either half of their face covered or their whole face these folks . Or they just   these folks    they ’ll just these folks a bunch of these folks and bromides . There ’s these folks real argument . Ann these folks would actually get up there and make an argument , a logical argument . You might disagree , you might agree about why immigration laws are important and are actually bipartisan . She ’d make that argument , and really smart students would get up and ask her questions , Ann Coulter challenge her , say , Well , I do n’t really understand that . Ann Coulter could n’t we do Ann Coulter this way ? HANNITY : Well , said HANNITY INGRAHAM : That ’s what smart Laura Ingraham do that That ’s what smart students do . These are n’t   —    they ’re not interested in learning . They ’re interested in disruption smart students chaos and   —    smart students   —    and complete anarchy smart students That ’s where they thrive . That ’s where they live . And that ’s how they ’re getting funded . smart students want to show this whole smart students system to be illegitimate . That smart students their goal . If smart students can do that , then they win . HANNITY : You know , smart students ’ll say this smart students then we got to go smart students break here . But if you really think about it , it ’d be such an opportunity to have this free , open , lively exchange of this and this and philosophies and opinions . Everybody could actually benefit from it , rather than   —    where are these people on the left tonight ? Where ’s this Hollywood liberals tonight ? Where ’s Michael Moore tonight ? Where ’s Bill Maher tonight ? INGRAHAM : Where ’s tonight ? HANNITY INGRAHAM Where ’s Pelosi HANNITY INGRAHAM : Where ’s Nancy Pelosi ? INGRAHAM : Where are all HANNITY people on the Pelosi ? INGRAHAM : Nancy Pelosi Pelosi —    Nancy Pelosi lives about 25 INGRAHAM from Berkeley , 30 minutes from Berkeley Pelosi ’s where she lives . Pelosi where ’s Dianne Berkeley ? HANNITY : Yes Berkeley that ’s a good point . I Pelosi got HANNITY break . INGRAHAM : They all live close to Berkeley . Where are these people INGRAHAM They ’re nowhere to be found because they   …      Berkeley CROSSTALK ) HANNITY : Let ’s invite them . these people got to take a break HANNITY these people ’ll come back . More Laura Ingraham right after the break these people Great points , Laura . Follow INGRAHAM: Columbia on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 