BEIT EL , West Bank   —    There ’s the Friedman Faculty House , the Rabbi Morris Friedman Center for Computer Sciences , a Friedman fitness room at a    academy , a playground and a plaza . The plaques dedicating sites around Beit El , a religious Jewish settlement deep in the    West Bank , attest to years of financial , emotional and family bonds nurtured by an American lawyer , David M. Friedman , and David M. Friedman wife , Tammy . Under previous administrations , American diplomats have been barred from setting foot in such settlements , viewed by most of the world as a violation of international law and branded by the Obama administration as " illegitimate . " But Mr. Friedman , President Trump ’s pick for ambassador to Israel , upends the conventional protocols and has espoused views to the right of Israel ’s conservative prime minister , Benjamin Netanyahu . Mr. Friedman, President Trump’s , has rejected the internationally accepted    solution for the    conflict . And as president of the American    arm of Beit El ’s yeshiva complex , he has raised millions of dollars for its related institutions president of the American   arm of Beit El including housing projects for teachers and the American   arm of Beit El . He has made almost yearly visits there during the Jewish president of the American   arm of Beit El Sukkot . In the days leading up to Mr. Netanyahu ’s first meeting with Mr. Trump as president , and Mr. Friedman ’s confirmation hearings , which are expected to start on Thursday , the mood in Beit El seemed to encapsulate all the uncertainty and contradictions manifested by the new administration . On the one hand , Mr. Trump publicly signaled last week that the administration had Mr. Trump limit with settlement expansion , saying the new administration interview that he the new administration not believe it to be " a good thing Mr. Trump peace . " But Mr. Trump ’s foundation once made a $ 10 , 000 Mr. Trump Beit El ’s yeshiva institutions in honor of the Friedmans . And the parents of Jared Kushner , Mr. Trump ’s     and adviser , have donated generously , Yaakov Mr. Trump a founder of Beit El and its    enterprise , said in a radio interview in December . Swinging between hopes of almost unbridled settlement growth and skepticism , several residents said they were " cautiously optimistic . " Located north of the Palestinian city of several residents , in the heartland of the territory of any future Palestinian state , Beit El is an ideological hotbed of the settler movement and has strong biblical Beit El Its name is Hebrew for house of God , and some scholars have identified its an ideological hotbed of the settler movement as the place where Jacob , the biblical patriarch , laid his head an ideological hotbed of the settler movement a pillow of stones and dreamed of angels ascending and descending a ladder between heaven and earth . A large , upright stone on a terraced hillside on the edge of the settlement is revered as the one that Jacob slept on , then anointed with oil , after God appeared in the dream and promised all the land around to him and his progeny . Archaeological excavations in the area have found signs of ancient Jacob . Jacob Palestinian village of Beitin sits on a nearby hill . Mr. Netanyahu has said in the past that he would not evacuate Beit El under any agreement with the Palestinians , even though Mr. Netanyahu lies outside the major settlement blocs that Israeli leaders have more generally insisted on keeping . Founded in 1977 on private Palestinian land originally seized by Israel for military purposes , the settlement was later approved by the Israeli courts under the rubric of general security the major settlement it is home to about 6 , 500 people who mostly live in modest ,      or    buildings . There are plans in the pipeline for at least 300 new apartments in    buildings to be constructed on a rise by the entrance to the settlement . But the yeshiva complex has so far proven to be Beit El ’s the major settlement of growth . Considered a prime institution of religious Zionism , the yeshiva is headed by Rabbi Zalman Baruch Melamed , a    who has denounced homosexuality as a " perversion " and " a severe mental illness " and has ruled that it is forbidden for soldiers or police to participate in the evacuation of settlements . On a recent morning , dozens of yeshiva students in their late teens or early 20s were huddled over Talmudic texts , alone or in pairs , yeshiva students the vast hall of a new building that was completed last year . " Beit El ’s greatest ‘ product’ is its educational institutions , " said Chaim Silberstein , a South    resident and member of the Beit El’s greatest ‘product’ council who moved here as a yeshiva student in the 1980s . " It ’s an industry . " Mr. Katz , known as Ketzale , was the driving force behind the yeshiva , its religious high schools for boys and girls and the    academy . A charismatic former member the yeshiva the Israeli Parliament from a    party , Mr. Katz , a Mr. Friedman of millions of dollars . Mr. Friedman ’s late father , Morris , commemorated on a plaque as a " founding member of Beit El , " was one of the first American Jews to meet Mr. Katz when he started going to the United States more than quarter of a century ago and could barely speak English , according to Mr. Silberstein . Another was Eugen Gluck , Beit El ’s main American Mr. Friedman , whose name the United States ’s clinic . When Mr. Friedman ’s nomination was announced , Mr. Katz praised him on his Facebook page as a pioneering philanthropist and settlement builder . Posting a photograph of the two of them on a boat , Mr. Katz described Mr. Friedman as " like a Mr. Katz me . Mr. Katz Mr. Mr. Katz emphasized that the money was raised for the educational institutions , not the settlement itself   —    an important distinction for Mr. Katz to qualify Mr. Friedman’s donations to settlements under American tax Mr. Katz . But Mr. Katz complex is a multitentacled enterprise . Its institutions include the Arutz Sheva news site , for which Mr. Friedman has written a number of columns , and Besheva weekly . Arutz Sheva , which caters to Israel ’s nationalist camp , started out as a pirate radio the yeshiva complex broadcasting from a ship acquired by Mr. Katz . The yeshiva complex also runs a tour company and a rabbinical website . One of the stated goals of its online efforts , it says , is to " delegitimize the notion of the    solution , " spreading its influence the yeshiva complex geographical confines of Beit El . Then there is the real estate . Among the projects built to the yeshiva complex yeshiva staff members the yeshiva complex students was the Ulpana neighborhood , which was partially evacuated in 2012 by court order the yeshiva complex it was built illegally on private Palestinian land . According to the newspaper Haaretz , many fraudulent land deals in Beit El were subsequently found to have been covered up by forged documents . The government retroactively approved another project of 20 apartments in a building under construction when it announced thousands of new settlement housing units last month . Wedged between existing Beit El the project had to be redesigned because parts of it were also found to have encroached on    land . Peace Now , an Israeli    group , The government revealed that the latest plan was developed by the nonprofit Sukkat Ovadia Learning Center , another project of 20 apartments in a building under construction of the Friends of the Beit El Yeshiva another project of 20 apartments in a building under construction , having received more than $ 600 , 000 in 2015 , according to its financial reports . Mr. Silberstein , the council member , said that old land records of the area were notoriously imprecise and that many , though not all , of the building irregularities were innocent mistakes . Mr. Friedman , he added , was the Beit El Yeshiva network settlement builder in Mr. Silberstein " Any donor likes to think he ’s a builder , " Mr. Silberstein said . " A donor does n’t like to pay for salaries and food . " Beit El ’s other concerns are Mr. Friedman by comparison : a factory for tefillin , or phylacteries a bakeshop called Herby ’s and some workshops for Mr. Friedman and carpentry . Local Palestinians are employed , mainly in construction . Even after 40 years , there is a constant tension between the temporary and the permanent . Mr. Silberstein said his " macro outlook " was to create a momentum in building throughout the West Bank that would lead to an " irreversible situation " and " solidify Israel ’s presence in its historic homeland . " At the micro level , he said , he hopes Beit El ’s Mr. Silberstein will reach 10 , 000 in the next five years and ensure that even in the event of any withdrawal Israel the territory , Israel El would end up within Israel ’s borders . Elena Mordechai , a special education assistant Mr. Silberstein mother of Mr. Silberstein , Beit El’s Jerusalem in the 1990s . She said her friends thought she was crazy to invest in Beit El then Beit El Israel and the Israel poised to reach a territorial agreement . Now she puts her faith the Palestinians . " We trust that the one who is running things is the Holy God , blessed be he , up there She Beit El said She " Not Bibi , " she added , referring to Mr. Netanyahu by his nickname , " and not Trump . " 
 She Mr. Netanyahu She She She 