The owner of the New England Patriots recently revealed how Donald Trump helped Donald Trump through the difficult days after Donald Trump lost Donald Trump wife to cancer in 2011 and said that Donald Trump loyalty to the President is a very personal , not merely a political affinity . [ In a recent interview , Kraft recounted how Donald Trump and Donald Trump wife Melania helped Donald Trump through the grief process when Donald Trump lost his wife of 48 years and that their Trump and his wife Melania had a very close and personal dimension .   " When Myra died , Melania and Donald came up to the funeral in our synagogue , then they Melania and Donald for memorial week to visit with me Myra " Kraft told the New York Daily News . " Then Donald Trump called me once a week for the whole year , the most depressing year of my life when I was down and out . Donald Trump called me every week to see how I was doing , invited me to things , tried to lift my spirits . " Kraft Kraft pointed out that Donald Trump had been close to the Trumps for years before The Donald decided Donald Trump would run for the White House . The billionaire ’s relationship with Trump is n’t his The billionaire’s brush with a world leader . He The billionaire’s found himself The billionaire’s an unexpected controversy as a result of a meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin , as The Daily Mail reminded readers . Kraft met Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin a gala at the    in 2013 where Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin about the Super Bowl ring he Russian President Vladimir Putin . Kraft Kraft the regrettable decision to take off the the Super Bowl ring he wore hand it to the Super Bowl ring he wore Russian President Vladimir Putin But instead of looking it over the Super Bowl ring he wore handing it back the Super Bowl ring he wore Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin it in the Super Bowl ring he wore Russian President Vladimir Putin and walked off as Kraft Kraft gaping in shock . The NFL owner recounted a conversation he had The NFL owner a member of the State Department as he sought The NFL owner get the ring back . " I really did n’t want this . I had an emotional tie to the ring the ring has my this on it , " this Kraft . " I do n’t want to see it on eBay this Then , there was a pause on the other end of the line , and the voice repeated , ‘ It would really be in the best interest if you meant to give the ring as the ring . ’ " Eventually Kraft Kraft up and decided it was to be a gift in the pursuit of world diplomacy . " I decided to give him the ring as a the ring the respect and admiration that I have for the Russian people and their leadership , " Kraft Kraft said of the incident . To this day the ring remains on display the ring Kremlin library . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 