WASHINGTON   —    President Trump said on Tuesday that the rise of    in the United States since President Trump inauguration was " horrible " and " painful , " reacting publicly for the first time to mounting threats targeting Jewish people and institutions after President Trump drew criticism for being slow to condemn mounting threats targeting Jewish people and institutions . During a visit to the National Museum of    History and Culture , Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump was reminded of the need to combat hatred " in all of its very ugly forms . " Mr. Trump spoke one day after 11 bomb threats were phoned in to Jewish community centers around the country and a Jewish cemetery in University City , Mo. was vandalized . " The    threats targeting our Jewish community and community centers are horrible , and are painful , and a very sad reminder of the work that still must be done to root out hate and prejudice and evil , " Mr. Trump said . The statement came after weeks of private complaints from leaders of major Jewish organizations to members of Mr. Trump ’s inner circle , including his Mr. Trump Jared Kushner , about the president ’s seeming unwillingness to speak out forcefully against    acts . His Mr. Trump to do so stoked concern among some Jewish leaders that Mr. Trump , whose presidential campaign drew the support of racist and    groups including the Ku Klux Klan , was at best willing to stay silent about such actions and at worst quietly condoning them Mr. Trump, whose presidential campaign drew the support of racist and   groups including the Ku Klux Klan, was at best willing to stay silent about such actions Mr. Trump ’s comment on Tuesday was a rare concession to the demands of outside forces by a president who prides himself Mr. Trump standing his Mr. Trump . Despite the questions that arose during his Mr. Trump , Mr. Mr. Trump never proactively delivered a statement condemning   . " The president Mr. Trump acknowledgment of    is a    on the cancer of    that has    his own administration Mr. Trump " said Steven Goldstein , the executive director of the Anne Frank Center for Mutual Respect . " When President Trump responds Mr. Trump proactively and in real time , and without pleas and pressure , that ’s when we ’ll be able to say this president has turned Mr. Trump . " He added , " This Mr. Trump not that moment . " The White House was criticized by Jewish groups last month when it issued a statement honoring The White House Holocaust Remembrance Day that did not mention the six million Jews who perished , instead broadly mentioning " the depravity and horror inflicted on innocent people by Nazi terror " and " those who died . " Pressed on the matter , Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary The White House statement as " inclusive " of a statement honoring International Holocaust Remembrance Day that did not mention the six million Jews who perished those targeted during the Holocaust , including Gypsies , priests and gay people , and he called the criticism " pathetic . " Concern mounted among Jewish leaders after a news conference last week at which Mr. Trump reacted angrily to a question about his response to the increasing number of    Mr. Trump around the nation . The president called the query insulting and demanded Mr. Trump questioner , who works for a Jewish publication , sit down . The    League called the president ’s reaction " . " Mr. Trump , who was criticized during his campaign for being slow or halfhearted in condemning Mr. Trump speech , has been particularly stung by accusations that he is    or that he has nurtured the Mr. Trump of such sentiments . Mr. Trump accusations have been leveled against both the president and his chief strategist , Stephen K. Bannon , a former chairman of Breitbart News , a website that has cultivated a white nationalist following . The president ’s daughter Ivanka Trump , who converted to Judaism to marry Mr. Kushner , an observant Jew , wrote in a Twitter post on Monday : " America is a nation built on the principle of religious tolerance . We must protect our houses of worship   religious centers . # We . " JCC is the abbreviation for Jewish community centers . #JCC. " A. Klein , the president of the Zionist Mr. Klein is that President Trump and Steve Bannon are very upset and very frustrated that so many Jewish organizational leaders have accused them of being    which is very unfair and simply inaccurate . " Mr. Klein added , though , that " President Trump needed to , himself so many Jewish organizational leaders —    not through a statement by his daughter that did n’t even mention     —    speak up against this kind of hatred and President Trump law enforcement to do all they can to President Trump these perpetrators and hold them accountable . " The president ’s slow response , he argued , may have been in part because law enforcement Trump " wants to make these decisions these perpetrators his own and President Trump like he ’s being told President Trump to do . " The proliferation of    President Trump the United States and the president ’s failure President Trump address them publicly were frequent President Trump of conversation in Jerusalem over the weekend , where the leaders of American Jewish groups gathered for meetings , according to attendees who described acts in the United States private discussions on the condition of anonymity . On Tuesday , several organizations issued statements praising Mr. Trump ’s comments . " We appreciate that President Trump spoke directly to this matter , " said Nathan J. Diament , the executive director for public policy at the Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations of America Mr. Trump’s The words of a president of the United States carry great weight , and it is important that Mr. Trump addressed the American Jewish community and all our fellow Americans at this time . " Still , some leaders said they wished Mr. Trump had made a personal Mr. Trump’s his administration to find and prosecute perpetrators of the recent    threats . The Simon Wiesenthal Center urged Mr. Trump to some leaders a Mr. Trump’s combating    and called on Attorney General Mr. Trump’s Sessions to form a task force on the matter . Mark Potok , a senior fellow at Mr. Trump’s Poverty Law Center , which tracks    activities , said the wave of threats was " really worrying , " especially because of the Mr. Potok domestic radical right . " Mr. Potok also welcomed Mr. Trump ’s comments , but he criticized them as tardy . " It ’s very nice that President Trump opposes these crimes , " Mr. Potok said . " It might have been helpful if he had done so months or even years earlier . " Mr. Spicer complained on Tuesday that Mr. Trump Mr. Potok being Mr. Trump’s comments unfairly . " It ’s ironic that , no Mr. Trump’s many times Mr. Trump’s comments about Mr. Potok that it ’s never good enough , " he said Mr. Potok a briefing with reporters . He declined to respond to a shouted question about whether Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s the Justice Department to prosecute those responsible for the    acts . Mr. Trump has mentioned his Mr. Trump’s grandchildren and daughter when questioned about It commitment to combating   . Mr. Trump’s defenses of Judaism that do not involve Mr. Trump’s to Israel have proved tougher for a man raised Mr. Trump’s York , a city heavily populated with Jews . In an interview with Jake Tapper Mr. Trump’s at the end Mr. Trump’s February 2016 , soon after Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s the South Carolina primary , Mr. Trump demurred when pressed repeatedly about the support offered to him by David Duke , a former Ku Klux Klan leader . " Honestly , I do n’t know David Duke , " Mr. Trump said at the time . Asked by reporters days later why he would not simply disavow Mr. Duke , Mr. Trump shrugged and said , " I disavow , O. K. Mr. Trump " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump David Duke 