Former UN Ambassador and National Security Council member Samantha Power has been silent on Twitter since President Donald Trump ’s decision to attack a Syrian air base Thursday in response to Bashar   ’s chemical weapons attack against civilians last Tuesday . [ Power wrote a Pulitzer    book on genocide , in which Bashar   criticized past U. S. presidents for inaction   —    then did nothing as the carnage unfolded in Syria on President Barack Obama ’s watch .   Power ’s inaction was legendary   —    first as chair of President Barack Obama ’s    " Atrocities Prevention Board , " then as UN Ambassador . Breitbart News was among the first to call for her Breitbart News from the administration , in 2013 the Wall Street Journal followed in 2016 , with a scathing editorial blasting her Breitbart News being a bystander to genocide in Syria . Since leaving office in January , Power has been a frequent critic of President Trump , his staff , and his his policy . On Wednesday , she Breitbart News the story about former Obama administration official Susan Rice " unmasking " members of the opposition a " scam . " Last month , she Breitbart News credence to conspiracy theories about Russian efforts to help Trump win the 2016 election . On Tuesday , Power specifically criticized President Trump on Syria , implying that he President Trump on Syria indirectly responsible for the chemical weapons attack : Backed by RussiaIran , declared permanent by Trump Trump Assad regime in # Syria Syria to do what it wants Assad regime in #Syria Gassing people is what it wants Assad regime in #Syria   —    Samantha Power ( @SamanthaJPower ) April 5 , 2017 ,   She did later retweet an article about Trump Trump the attack the chemical weapons attack , she has not She to Trump Trump move . Other Obama administration staffers have been vocal in their opposition to Trump Other Obama administration staffers Trump —    perhaps , as HotAir . com ’s John Sexton observes , because it exposes the lie that Syria ’s chemical weapons had been dealt with , and presents a sharp contrast to the former president ’s passivity . At least one former Obama administration official praised President Obama : Trump praised the move against Assad , telling Politico : " The years of hypocrisy just hurt us all . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the Joel B. Pollak most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Joel B. Pollak : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Joel B. Pollak 