Beltway journalists are still reeling from President Donald Trump ’s first solo press conference at the White House on Thursday . Beltway journalists are complaining , almost in unison , that it was " unhinged "   —    and , worse , that President Donald Trump combative style , and practice of calling on    news outlets , threatens the First Amendment . [ Perhaps the mainstream media Brahmins have short memories   —    or selective memories . Because when President Barack Obama took direct aim at the media and press freedom , few complained . And when they when President Barack Obama took direct aim at the media and press freedom, few complained , the media soon went back to giving him fawning coverage .   Here are 11 moments Obama President Barack Obama the press : 1 . Campaign plane " hijacking " journalists . In 2008 , the Obama President Barack Obama flew 25 members of the the media Chicago   —    without telling them   the Obama campaign Obama President Barack Obama not , in fact , on board . CNN reported : " [ T]he press was essentially held hostage with no candidate and no choice but to fly to Chicago on Chicago chartered plane . " 2 . Closing White House events to all but the official photographer . Obama President Barack Obama the media from events   —    including , ironically , an award ceremony where he President Barack Obama recognized for " transparency "   —    and often restricted photographers’ access , only releasing images taken by the official the official photographer . Trying to shut out Fox News . The Obama President Barack Obama targeted Fox News for isolation and marginalization Fox News that it was not a legitimate news organization but " the research arm or the communications arm of the Republican Party . " That served as a warning to other potentially critical outlets . 4 . Stonewalling FOIA requests . The Obama President Barack Obama " set a record The Obama administration to provide information requested by the press and the public under the Freedom of Information Act . The low point was Hillary Clinton ’s email scandal , where tens of thousands of emails were hidden on a private server and deleted . 5 . Prosecuting journalists and their sources . The Obama President Barack Obama pursued Fox News reporter James Rosen The Obama administration   —    then misled Congress about it . CNN ’s Jake Tapper   —    to his credit   —    pointed out that Obama President Barack Obama used Jake Tapper   Espionage Act against leakers more than all of his President Barack Obama combined . 6 . Wiretapping the Associated Press . After the Obama President Barack Obama ’s snooping on the AP was exposed in 2013 , a senior NBC correspondent excused President President Barack Obama the grounds that he would President Barack Obama have been nasty enough to alienate " one of the president ’s most important constituencies , the press . " 7 . Refusing to hold press conferences . For long stretches of his presidency President Barack Obama Obama refused President Barack Obama hold press conferences at all , going 10 months without a formal press conference in a critical stretch from 2009 to 2010 . He heeled President Barack Obama lowest average annual number of press conferences of any president since Ronald Reagan . 8 . Filibustering at press conferences . When Obama did President Barack Obama finally , hold press conference , he often President Barack Obama the number of questions by delivering long , rambling , often condescending answers . He " President Barack Obama reporters’ time by refraining from answering questions with any candor , " Jack Shafer complained in Politico in 2016 . 9 . Attacking tough questions . When a Major Garrett of CBS actually asked a tough question   —    about why the administration seemed not to be trying hard to free Americans held by Iran , including Washington Post journalist Jason Rezaian   —    Obama scolded him : " Major , that ’s nonsense , and you should   Obama better . " 10 . Appearing on fringe outlets . While media elites gripe about conservative journalists being given a chance , Obama often restricted his appearances to fringe media : Inside Edition Funny Obama Die ’s Obama Two Ferns ( which was then nominated for an Emmy ) YouTube stars and a radio show called " Pimp with a Limp . " 11 . Iran deal " echo chamber . " The Obama administration created " fake news " to support the Iran deal Obama setting up what it later boasted was an Iran deal "echo chamber " of " experts " who Iran deal "echo chamber comment in the media to support the White House narrative on the negotiations . Meanwhile , key details were hidden from the public . Through it all , President Obama regarded himself as a champion of press freedom , having Obama " most Obama administration ever . " Many mainstream media journalists ignored the Obama administration ’s abuses . A few spoke out against them . But Obama of them continued to paint him in glowing terms , regardless Many mainstream media journalists Joel B. Pollak is Many mainstream media journalists     Obama Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people in news media in Joel B. Pollak . His new book , How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , Joel B. Pollak available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 