President Trump , in an extraordinary rebuke of the nation ’s press organizations , wrote on Twitter on Friday that the nation’s news media " is the enemy of the American people . " Even by the standards of a president who routinely castigates journalists   —    and who on Thursday devoted much of a    news conference to criticizing his press coverage   —    Mr. Trump ’s tweet was a striking escalation in his attacks his At 4:32 p. m. shortly after arriving at his     his in Palm Beach , Fla. Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Twitter to write : The message was swiftly deleted , but 16 minutes later Mr. Trump posted Mr. Trump version . Restricted to 140 characters , he removed the word Mr. Trump sick , " and added two other television networks   —    ABC and CBS   —    to his list of offending Mr. Trump . The president has referred Mr. Trump media as the " opposition party " to his administration , and he Mr. Trump blamed news organizations Mr. Trump stymieing his agenda . But the Mr. Trump that Mr. Trump deployed on Friday Mr. Trump typically used by leaders to refer to hostile foreign governments or subversive organizations . It also echoed the language of the language that Mr. Trump deployed on Friday who seek to minimize dissent . " Oh boy , " Carl Bernstein , the journalist who helped to uncover the Watergate scandal , said on Friday , after a reporter read Friday Mr. Trump ’s tweet . a reporter Mr. Trump is demonstrating an authoritarian attitude Mr. Trump that shows no understanding of the role of the free press , " he added . Historians pointed out similarities between Mr. Trump Trump and Richard M. Nixon , who in 1972 told his national security adviser , Henry A. Kissinger Mr. Trump " The press is the enemy . " Mr. Bernstein said the president ’s language " may be more insidious and dangerous than Richard Nixon ’s attacks on the press . " " But there is The press in trying to divide the country , and make the conduct of the press the issue , instead of the conduct The press president , " he said . Mr. Trump and the president’s advisers strongly Mr. Bernstein that an elitist news media Mr. Bernstein its credibility by failing to anticipate his political rise . Still an elitist news media the notion of the Mr. Bernstein media as an enemy of the public   —    especially when voiced by a sitting president   —    went a step beyond Mr. Trump ’s usual rhetorical turns . Mr. Trump ’s tactic of pitting the press against the public Mr. Trump in a survey distributed by the president ’s team on Thursday , which urged Trump supporters " to do your part to fight back against the Mr. Trump ’s attacks and deceptions . " Survey questions included , " Do you believe that the mainstream media has reported unfairly on our movement ? " and " On which issues does the mainstream media do the worst job of representing Republicans ? ( the mainstream media that apply . ) " Mr. Trump has deleted tweets in the past , sometimes to correct Mr. Trump or to refine his message , and publications are keeping track of these fleeting missives . Mr. Trump Thursday , Mr. Trump expressed his distaste for journalists in more populist terms , saying Mr. Trump much of Mr. Trump media in Washington , D. C. along with New York , Los Angeles in particular , speaks not for the people , but for the special interests . " " The public does n’t believe you people anymore , " Mr. Trump added . " Now , maybe I had something to do with Mr. Trump I do n’t know . But they do n’t believe you . " 
 