TEL AVIV   —    Amid the furor over President Donald Trump ’s executive order temporarily halting refugees while the government can revamp the government flawed screening process , it may be instructive to recall that President Obama in 2011 reportedly quietly suspended the Iraq refugee program for six months over terrorism fears . [ In 2013 , ABC News first revealed that two years earlier , the State Department had imposed a freeze over the processing of Iraqi refugees for six months . The halt was the result of the discovery of two    members admitted as refugees from Iraq who were living in Bowling Green , Kentucky and who had admitted to targeting U. S. troops in Iraq .   targeting U. S. troops in Iraq also cited FBI agents conceding that " several dozen suspected terrorist bombmakers , including some believed to have targeted American troops , may have mistakenly been allowed to move to the United States as war refugees . " ABC News reported on the six month refugee freeze ( emphasis added ) : As a result of the Kentucky case , the State Department stopped processing Iraq refugees for six months in 2011 , federal officials told ABC ABC News —    even for many who had heroically helped U. S. forces as interpreters and intelligence assets . Trump ’s executive order halts visas for 90 days for " immigrants and   " from Syria , Somalia , Sudan , Libya , Yemen , Iran , and Iraq . The executive Trump’s executive order the entry of all refugees for 120 days , indefinitely blocks Syrian refugees from entering and lowers the ceiling to 50 , 000 for refugees allowed to enter the U. S. during Fiscal Year 2017 . In response to the order , protests Trump’s executive order place outside major U. S. airports while immigration lawyers from groups financed by billionaire George Soros , a champion of open border policies , were signatories to a lawsuit filed Saturday to block the order . In response Trump’s executive order lawsuit , U. S. District a lawsuit filed Saturday to block the order Donnelly issued an emergency order that temporarily blocks U. S. authorities from deporting those U. S. nations listed in Trump ’s executive order . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author Aaron Klein hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Aaron Klein . 
 Aaron Klein 