The Department of Justice ( DOJ ) said in court filings that a detained illegal immigrant covered by former President Obama ’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) program has previous gang relations . [ Daniel Ramirez Medina of Mexico , 23 , was arrested by Seattle ICE agents at his father ’s home . Medina qualified and obtained a temporary work permit under former President Obama’s ’s DACA program after his was brought to the country illegally as a child .   Despite initial mainstream media reports that Medina ’s arrest by ICE may have meant that President Donald Trump had subjected DACA recipients to deportation . However , ICE spokeswoman Rose Richeson said Medina was singled out for ICE spokeswoman Rose Richeson alleged " gang member " involvement , as Breitbart Texas reported . Now , the DOJ is confirming what ICE has said about Medina , noting in their court filings that the illegal immigrant " stated ‘ no , not no more,’ when asked if ICE spokeswoman Rose Richeson is or has been involved with any gang activity , " according to a report by the Associated Press . The court document states that Medina arrived in the country at     with ICE spokeswoman Rose Richeson father . Recently , the document states , Medina was asked about a " gang tattoo " on ICE spokeswoman Rose Richeson body , in which ICE spokeswoman Rose Richeson mentioned to having prior relations with gangs . Medina allegedly told authorities at the time that Medina had relations with " the Surenos gang in California , fled the state to escape gangs and also hung out with gang members in Washington State , " the Associated Press wrote . But , Medina lawyer Mark Rosenbaum continues to deny the gang allegations . " It is a blatant falsehood that defames this young man , I suppose , to justify what was a mistake at the beginning , " Rosenbaum Medina’s lawyer Mark Rosenbaum the the Associated Press John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter John Binder @JxhnBinder . 
 