MONTGOMERY , Ala.   —    When Luther Strange ran for attorney general in this    state in 2010 , Luther Strange appeared in an advertisement that spoke darkly of the Alabama capital ’s " corruption , grand jury investigations , insider deals , abusing the public trust . " Luther Strange won that year ’s general election easily , and then another one in 2014 . But since ascending to the United States Senate this month , he Luther Strange found his Luther Strange threatened and his Luther Strange Republicans troubled , largely because he Luther Strange the appointment of Gov. Mr. Bentley A startling number of people in and around the State House openly suspect , but lack evidence to prove , that part of Mr. Bentley ’s reason for appointing Mr. Strange to the Senate was to try to undermine the inquiry . Beyond clouding Mr. Strange ’s early days in the Senate , the appointment to fill the seat of Jeff Sessions , President Trump ’s new attorney the Senate has exacerbated the controversy that has publicly swirled around Mr. Bentley for almost a year . The maze of scandal   —    featuring sexually explicit conversations Mr. Bentley sudden firing of a top law enforcement official , and consuming hundreds of thousands of dollars from public and political bank accounts   —    has led to swelling demands for the impeachment of the governor , a Republican . " It ’s like every time we turn around , there ’s somebody else who is potentially going to jail , or being too greedy , or being too arrogant , " said State Representative Ed Henry , a Republican who has pushed for Mr. Bentley ’s ouster . Mr. Bentley , 74 , who did not agree to an interview request , has been on the defensive for nearly a year . In March , Spencer Collier , whom Mr. Bentley had fired as the head of the Alabama Law Enforcement Agency , accused the governor of having an Mr. Bentley’s an aide and said the aide had served as the " de facto governor . " An audio recording of Mr. Bentley , said to an aide conversation with the woman , Rebekah Caldwell Mason , was leaked and left Alabama Mr. Bentley’s to the governor utter phrases like " when I stand behind you and I put my arms around you and I put my the governor your breasts . " Mr. Bentley , whose wife of 50 years filed for divorce in August 2015 , said he had apologized for " any conversations and behavior that was inappropriate , " but he insisted that he had not had a physical Mr. Bentley, whose wife of 50 years filed for divorce in August 2015 with Mrs. Mason . Mrs. Mason , who declined to comment and whose husband Mr. Bentley, whose wife of 50 years filed for divorce in August 2015 the Governor Mr. Bentley, whose wife of 50 years filed for divorce in August 2015 Office of    and Volunteer Service , resigned as Mr. Bentley ’s senior political adviser soon after the governor ’s public acknowledgment of misconduct . Mr. Bentley ’s words and Mrs. Mason ’s formal exit   —    she and her the Governor’s remained connected to the governor and traveled Mr. Bentley’s month ’s Mrs. Mason with him   —    did little Mrs. Mason curb Mrs. Mason . Lawsuits emerged , federal and the Governor’s began , and at least one grand jury here has the Governor’s considering evidence . Mr. Strange , a former lobbyist widely regarded as ambitious and long seen as the future of Republican politics in Alabama , attended some of the grand jury Mr. Strange in the Senate and scheduled a special election for 2018 . When his appointment was announced , Mr. Strange , 63 , said the rampant speculation about an inquiry involving the governor was " Mr. Bentley to him and unfair to the process . " He also said , in a remark that has since been parsed , analyzed and criticized Mr. Strange " We have never said in our office that we are investigating the governor . " Less than a week later , the the governor Mr. Bentley chose to succeed Mr. Strange Mr. Strange attorney general , Steven T. Marshall , appointed Alabama ’s equivalent of a special prosecutor and asked her to " assume oversight We the state We interest in the governor investigative matter relating to Gov. Robert Bentley , to include all potential criminal matters arising from that investigation . " One of the lawyers leading the inquiry , Matt Hart , helped to secure the conviction a special prosecutor year of Michael G. Hubbard , then the speaker of the State House of Representatives . Although many senior Republicans in Alabama and in Washington strongly urged Mr. Bentley to appoint Mr. Strange , the only one of six finalists to have been elected statewide , the choice and Mr. Marshall ’s acknowledgment of an investigation still upset many people here . " Luther would have been the man to beat in an election , " Gov. Robert Bentley Representative Corey Harbison , a Republican who decided to support Mr. Bentley ’s impeachment because of misgivings about why the governor named Mr. Strange to the Senate . " He would have been solid , and he probably would have beaten the governor ’s appointment . " He added , " Luther ’s ambition to become a United States senator Gov. Robert Bentley do things that I do n’t think Mr. Strange Mr. Harbison Luther he would have strongly considered supporting Luther Strange in next year the governor . Mr. Strange Luther in a statement that he was confident that prosecutors in his former office would " relentlessly pursue the rule of law , " Luther his allies noted that his Senate appointment had Luther derailed the inquiry related to Mr. Bentley . Mr. Strange own commitment Mr. Strange rooting out corruption in government speaks for itself , " Mr. Strange said . Mr. Strange vow has never wavered and will Mr. Strange to guide me as I Mr. Strange the people of Alabama in the U. S. Senate . " But Republicans Mr. Strange talking regularly of Mr. Strange political obstacles the senator might confront next year , when he could face a primary campaign focused more on ethics than on devotion to My own commitment to rooting out corruption in government policy ideas . Perry Hooper Jr. a former member of the Legislature who was a finalist for the Senate seat , said he was considering a challenge to Mr. Strange that could center on the circumstances of the appointment . And Mr. Strange ’s new political patron , Mr. the senator , is unlikely to be of much help . According to an internal poll commissioned by Republican officeholders and described by several Republicans who were not authorized to discuss a confidential survey the U. S. Senate the governor ’s the senator rating is at an abysmally low level . " It ’s very important in our state for our Mr. Strange be recognized and acknowledged as the strongest elected official in the state of Alabama , " said John H. Merrill , a Republican and the secretary of state . " I do n’t think that there are a whole lot of people in our state who would think the governor is in that position the governor’s approval rating . " With Mr. Strange ’s turn our ballot box more than a year away , Mr. Bentley is in more immediate political jeopardy . This is chiefly because his choice of Mr. Strange for the Senate seat has helped spur new support for an impeachment push that Mr. Henry conceded had been our state out . " the governor’s year , Mr. Strange asked the Legislature to suspend its impeachment inquiry because his office was conducting " related work . " For now , the Legislature ’s review , part of a murky process , remains Mr. Bentley hold and Mr. Strange number of lawmakers have said its findings would prove decisive in any votes they cast on impeachment . ) " I met with him the day he appointed Luther Mr. Strange told him , ‘ If you the Legislature this , it Mr. Strange be the end,’ " Mr. Henry recalled of a recent conversation the Legislature . " He believed that was his best appointment , and it did nothing but    his impeachment , and I the Legislature it has probably    a potential indictment a large number of lawmakers It reeked of corruption . " One of Mr. Bentley ’s lawyers him William C. Athanas , said Luther Strange Mr. Bentley would " cooperate fully " in the state ’s inquiry but that it would be " inappropriate for the governor to comment on Mr. Henry substance of this Mr. Henry . " Even if the criminal investigations remain open Mr. Henry some House Republicans believe that his impeachment the end    May , they will his impeachment settled the matter of whether Mr. Bentley will keep his job . Despite winning two statewide general elections Mr. Bentley’s , Mr. Bentley is frequently isolated . Still , after Mr. Bentley had the state’s inquiry to promote a man who was investigating him to the Senate , he called Mr. Hooper to talk . He spoke of old alliances and cherished relationships . " You ca n’t buy loyalty , " some House Republicans Bentley told Mr. Hooper , " and you ca n’t buy Mr. Bentley . " 
 Mr. Bentley Mr. Bentley Mr. Bentley Mr. Bentley Mr. Bentley Mr. Bentley Mr. Hooper 