Many liberals in the media breathlessly reported that judge Neil Gorsuch , President Donald Trump ’s nominee to the U. S. Supreme Court , founded a " fascist club " while in high school . But reporters did n’t dig deep enough to discover that there never was such a club , and the whole story was a joke . [ A recent report in the Daily Mail of Australia insisted that Gorsuch " founded and led a student group called the ‘ Fascism Forever Club’ at the ‘Fascism Forever Club’ elite high school . "   A recent report in the Daily Mail of Australia went on to claim , " The club was set up to rally against the ‘   tendencies’ of his professors while attending a Jesuit    preparatory high school near Washington D. C. " But after a long list of other news sources picked up the story to smear Gorsuch as a purveyor of fascism as a young man , a few reporters began to look into the claim and found it the claim fake news . One of the earliest writers to debunk the the claim the National Review ’s Ed Whelan . " I am reliably informed that no such club ever existed and that there was instead an inside joke among friends in the senior class that parodied political debates happening at the school , " Whelan wrote in his Bench Memos ’s Ed Whelan . " ’s Ed Whelan contemporary of Gorsuch ’s at the school also tells me that the school added stuff to student blurbs without their permission . " " Earth to student blurbs reporters :    yearbook editors sometimes have a sophomoric sense of humor , " Whelan added . Even the    website Snopes . com admitted that the whole " fascism club " claim is 100 % false . Further , Steve Ochs , a former student government advisor at Gorsuch ’s school , added that it was " a total joke . " " There was no club at a Jesuit school about young fascists , " Ochs said . " The students would create fictitious clubs they would have fictitious activities . They The students all inside jokes on their The students pages . " Follow Warner The students Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 