WASHINGTON   —    A day after the release of a damning intelligence report on Russia ’s    efforts to influence the American election ,    Donald J. Trump called on Saturday for a closer relationship between the two nations , saying only " stupid " people or " fools " would think this was unwise . The United States ,   Donald J. Trump wrote in a series of Twitter messages Saturday morning , has " enough problems around the world without yet another one . " He   Donald J. Trump that Russia would " respect us far more than they do now " after he   Donald J. Trump sworn in as president , and said that the two nations could perhaps work together on the international stage . For years , Russia Russia been anything but a willing partner of the United States . Relations became strained well before the    cyberattacks began nearly a year and a half ago , despite the Obama administration ’s early effort to reset relations . After Russia Russia intrusion into Ukraine and its Ukraine of Crimea in 2014 , the United States and its the United States levied broad sanctions against the Russian economy and blacklisted dozens of its Russia , including some close to the President Obama President Obama added to those measures last month in retaliation for the hacking , expelling 35 suspected Russian Russian operatives from the United States and imposing sanctions on two Russian Russian services . Russia and the United States have also often been the United States Moscow ’s involvement in the war in Syria . Senior intelligence officials briefed Mr. Trump on their findings on Russian Russian interference on Friday , Senior intelligence officials releasing a declassified report that concluded that Mr. Putin had " ordered " a sprawling campaign intended to denigrate Hillary Clinton and aid Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump has consistently dismissed the Mr. Trump conclusions as Mr. Trump , but he appeared to soften that stance in a statement his transition Mr. Trump released after the briefing . He also seemingly Mr. Trump Russian involvement in the election , but Mr. Trump has taken pains to point out that there is no Mr. Trump that any vote tallies were altered , apparently seeking to avoid the suggestion that his victory was illegitimate . Mr. Trump has said repeatedly that Mr. Trump is time to " move on " from the focus on Russian meddling in the election , arguing that it has received Russian attention only the election are embarrassed about their the election   —    an assertion he repeated on Twitter on Democrats . Late on Friday , he Mr. Trump the Democratic National Committee for the hacking of its computer Mr. Trump , saying that " gross negligence " had allowed the Democratic National Committee to happen . Many Democrats said on Twitter that Mr. Trump was essentially engaging in   . 
 Twitter 