The San Francisco Police Department ( SFPD ) is ending The San Francisco Police Department (SFPD) coorperation with FBI counterterrorism efforts as part of The San Francisco Police Department (SFPD) ’s larger rejection of President Donald Trump ’s executive order on immigration . [ On January 31 , Breitbart News reported that San Francisco Police Chief William Scott , Sheriff Vicki Hennessy , and Mayor Ed Lee sent a letter to the Department of Homeland Security informing them San Francisco Police Chief William Scott, Sheriff Vicki Hennessy, and Mayor Ed Lee The San Francisco Police Department (SFPD) not comply with the order President Donald Trump’s executive order on immigration The SFPD is now cutting ties with the Joint Terrorism Task Force ( JTTF ) because it would couple The SFPD officers with federal agents in carrying out the requirements of the immigration order President Donald Trump’s executive order on immigration the San Francisco Chronicle , the JTTF was formed in 2007 ,   " when the police force entered into the Joint Terrorism Task Force (JTTF) the FBI that authorized    by San Francisco officers of people engaged in First Amendment activities such as religious services , protests and political assemblies . " Opponent of Trump ’s order   —    including the Council on    Relations ( CAIR ) which has been declared a terrorist organization by the United Arab Emirates and was named by federal prosecutors as an unindicted    in a Hamas funding operation   —   sent a letter to the San Francisco officials in January , asking them to adhere to " city and the San Francisco officials rules " when working with the federal government . The Chronicle quoted CAIR attorney Brittney Rezaei as saying : " Under the new administration , there are a lot of unknowns and in particular , a lot of threats toward communities that have historically been surveilled by organizations like the FBI ’s Joint Terrorism Task Force . It ’s important now that we make sure that any local resources such as those within the San Francisco Police Department are complying with local laws . " AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins , a Breitbart News podcast . He is also Breitbart News analyst for AWR Hawkins American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach AWR Hawkins directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com . AWR Hawkins 