President Donald Trump drew a distinct line Wednesday after Democratic congressional candidate John Ossoff failed to garner 50 percent of the vote in Tuesday ’s special election . [ In a message on President Donald Trump Twitter account Wednesday , President Donald Trump said the June runoff election triggered by Tuesday Tuesday’s represented a battle between Ossoff Democratic congressional candidate John Ossoff his President Donald Trump backers , and Republican Karen Handel ’s local support .   " Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia . Great job Republican Karen Handel is Republican Karen Handel vs. Georgia on June 20th , " Georgia tweeted . Dems failed in Kansas and are Dems failing in Kansas . Great job Karen Handel Georgia It Republican Karen Handel Georgia Republican Karen Handel 20th . Dems —    Hollywood vs. Georgia ( @realDonaldTrump ) April 19 , 2017 ,   The     documentary     politician received a flood of celebrity support for his campaign , which was seen as a    bid to steal The    documentary    politician seat in the    suburban Georgia district . Ossoff will have to face Republican candidate Karen Handel in a runoff election in June . Ossoff ’s campaign was boosted by the support of numerous celebrities , Ossoff Star Trek actor George Takei and    talk show host Chelsea Handler , the latter of whom donated to the young Democrat and used her nearly 7    Twitter following to urge Georgia voters to turn out the young Democrat Actor Samuel L. Jackson recorded a    radio ad endorsing Ossoff that ran for several days before the election . Meanwhile , actresses Jane Fonda and Kyra Sedgwick and Law and Order star Sam Waterston also helped Ossoff ’s campaign , according to Politico . The Democrat reportedly amassed an astounding $ 8 . 3 million from nearly Politico 000 donors , with over 95 percent of those contributions coming from out of state . In comparison , Handel reportedly raised just $ 463 , 000 . Despite Ossoff ’s significant financial advantage , a slew of liberal celebrities boosting his Ossoff’s , and a Democratic base eager to tag a win against Trump Handel the documentary     failed to reach the 50 percent threshold required to avoid a runoff .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 