Friday on Fox News Channel ’s " Hannity , " conservative commentator Ann Coulter , author of " In Trump We Trust : E Pluribus Awesome ! " decried those in the United States that were not learning from what is underway in Western Europe regarding refugees migrating from the Middle East .   Among the reasons for concern according to Coulter was what Coulter perceived to be the " difficult time " these migrants were having with " learning not to rape women . " " [ W]hy ca n’t we learn from Western Europe ? Just a few weeks ago , German intelligence reports that 1 , 000 German German have gone to fight with ISIS . Hundreds of them 1, 000 German residents come back to Germany . What does Merkel do ? She Merkel setting them 1, 000 German residents with welfare because if they 1, 000 German residents n’t have a lot of welfare , that could radicalize them 1, 000 German residents they 1, 000 German residents n’t have welfare . Why do n’t we believe what these migrants say ? They these migrants to countries . They these migrants women . They these migrants having a very difficult time learning not to rape women , even if they these migrants infidel whores and have short skirts . What other immigrant group could not stop itself What other immigrant group raping masses of women ? They What other immigrant group around saying you ’re going to live under Sharia law . They What other immigrant group terrorist acts . It ’s right in front of our eyes . And can you imagine , what Angela Merkel has done is spreading throughout Europe , but just in Germany alone , combining German military discipline with Islamic ideology ? It is terrifying what we are up against . Why would you do that in this country ? And meanwhile , we we trying to be distracted with Russia , Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia probably one of our we allies in the fight against Islam . They Russia been dealing with these Islamic terrorists for centuries now . And you remember , they Russia the ones who warned American about the Tsarnaev family that blew up the Boston Marathon . But no , our government officials just would n’t listen . Let ’s just worry about Russia Russia    how long ago did Reagan win the Cold War ? It ’s Russia . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 