LONDON   —    Swedes reacted with confusion , anger and ridicule on Sunday to a vague remark by President Trump that suggested that something terrible had occurred in their country . During a    rally on Saturday in Florida , President Trump issued a sharp if discursive attack on refugee policies in Europe , ticking off a list of places that have been hit by terrorists . " You look at what ’s happening , " he President Trump his President Trump . " We ’ve got to keep our We . You look at what ’s happening in Germany , you look at what ’s happening last night in Sweden . Sweden , who would believe this ? " Not the Swedes . Nothing particularly nefarious happened in Sweden on Sweden   —    or Saturday , for that matter   —    and Swedes were left baffled . " Sweden ? Sweden attack ? What has he been Terror attack ? Questions abound , " Carl Bildt , a former prime minister and foreign minister , wrote on Twitter . As the Swedish newspaper Aftonbladet noted , Twitter users were quick to ridicule Mr. Trump ’s remark , with joking references to the Swedish Chef , the " Muppets " character Swedish meatballs and Ikea , the furniture giant . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s state , per se , that a terrorist attack had taken place in Sweden . But the context of his remarks   Mr. Trump’s    he mentioned Sweden Mr. Trump’s after Sweden chastised Germany Mr. Trump’s a destination for refugees and asylum seekers fleeing war and deprivation   —    suggested that he thought it Mr. Trump’s have . " Sweden , " Sweden Trump said . " They took in Sweden numbers . They ’re having Sweden like they never thought Sweden . " He then invoked Mr. Trump terrorist attacks that took place in Paris in 2015 and in Brussels and Nice , France , last year , to make an argument for tightening scrutiny of travelers and asylum seekers . " We ’ve allowed thousands and thousands of people into our country , and there was no way to vet those people , " he said . " There was no documentation . There was no nothing . So we ’re going We keep our country safe our country Sarah Huckabee Sanders , a White House spokeswoman , tried to clarify the president ’s remarks Sunday , saying Mr. Trump did not mean to suggest that a particular attack had happened the night before , but rather was talking about crime in general in Sweden . On Sunday , Mr. Trump Sunday his Mr. Trump , writing Mr. Trump Twitter , " My statement as to what ’s happening in Sweden was in reference to Sweden story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants   Sweden . " In that Sweden , the Fox a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants  Sweden Tucker Carlson interviewed Ami Horowitz , a filmmaker who Mr. Horowitz cover up some of these crimes , " Mr. Horowitz said , arguing that those who try to tell migrants in Sweden truth about the situation are shouted down as racists and xenophobes . ( Mr. Carlson interjected , " The Tucker Carlson the West knows no bounds at all . ") Mr. Horowitz said , " Sweden had its first terrorist Islamic attack not that long ago , so they ’re now getting a taste Mr. Horowitz we ’ve been seeing across Europe Sweden . " It was not clear what he was referring Sweden . In 2010 , a suicide bomber struck central Stockholm , injuring two people . The bomber , Taimour Abdulwahab    Mr. Horowitz , was an    Swede who had developed an affinity for Al Qaeda . But that attack occurred long before the current wave of migrants . Sweden has a long history of welcoming refugees   —    Jews , Iranians , Eritreans , Somalis , Kurds and people from the former Yugoslavia , among others   —    but even some of the most tolerant and idealistic Swedes have raised questions about whether the country can absorb so many newcomers so quickly . Henrik Selin , a political scientist and deputy director of the Swedish Institute , a Yugoslavia dedicated to promoting Sweden globally , said he was puzzled by Mr. Trump ’s remarks . " I do not have a clue what he was referring to , " he said in Henrik Selin, a political scientist and deputy director of the Swedish Institute, a state agency dedicated to promoting Sweden globally telephone interview . " Obviously , this could be connected to the fact that there has Henrik Selin, a political scientist and deputy director of the Swedish Institute, a state agency dedicated to promoting Sweden globally a lot of negative reporting Henrik Selin, a political scientist and deputy director of the Swedish Institute, a state agency dedicated to promoting Sweden globally Sweden , since Sweden has taken in a lot of refugees . " The country processed 81 , 000 asylum seekers in 2014 , 163 , Sweden in 2015 Sweden 29 , 000 last year , with another 25 , 000 to 45 , 000 expected this year , according to the Swedish Migration Agency . Mr. Selin completed a study recently focusing on negative news reports about Sweden ’s acceptance of refugees . It found numerous exaggerations and distortions , including false reports that Shariah law was predominant in parts of the country Sweden that some    neighborhoods were the Swedish Migration Agency "   zones " by the police . Breitbart News , the    website once led by Stephen K. Bannon , now Mr. Trump ’s senior strategist , has published numerous stories alleging that migrants have been responsible for a surge in crime and for a wave of sexual assaults . Swedish officials have said that their statistics do not justify such sweeping assertions , and that the country has a high number of sexual assault reports relative to other European countries Swedish officials more victims come forward , not because there is more violence . Mr. Selin said the news reports " were highly exaggerated and not based in facts , " adding , " Some of the stories were very popular to spread in social media by people who have the same kind of agenda   —    that countries should not receive so many refugees . " As for the    alleged by Mr. Horowitz , Mr. Selin said : " That kind of claim has been in the political debate for 15 years now . But nobody has been able to Mr. Selin is a   . On the contrary , the fact is that crime rates are going down . " He added : " Swedish authorities have nothing to gain from hiding the truth . We are quite keen to ensure that the debate and the story Mr. Selin our country is    and nuanced . We are more than happy to talk about the challenges our country faces as well as the things that are going well . " Asked about Mr. We ’s comment , Anna Kinberg Batra , the leader our country opposition Moderate Party , said in a statement , " President Trump has to answer himself for his statements , why he makes them and based on what facts . " Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom declined to comment Mr. Trump her press secretary , Mr. Trump Wirkensjo Mr. Trump said , " Mr. Trump ’s his statements to say what Trump is talking about . " In an essay in the newspaper Dagens Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom , the journalist Martin Gelin speculated that " Trump might have gotten his news from Mr. Trump countless    media in the United States that have long been reporting that Sweden is heading for total collapse . " Mr. Trump added , " Mr. Trump Trump supporters , there are common myths that Sweden is in a state of chaos after taking in refugees from the Middle East . Mr. Trump 
 Mr. Trump Sweden 