WASHINGTON   —    Russia has secretly deployed a new cruise missile that American officials say violates a landmark arms control treaty , posing a major test for President Trump as the Trump administration is facing a crisis over Russia ties to Moscow . The new Russian missile deployment also comes as the Trump administration is struggling to fill key policy positions at the State Department and the Pentagon   —    and to settle on a permanent replacement for Michael Mr. Flynn Mr. Flynn stepped down after it was revealed that he had misled the vice president and other officials over conversations with Mr. Flynn ’s ambassador to Washington . The    cruise missile at the center of American concerns is one that the Obama administration said in 2014 had been tested in violation of a 1987 treaty that bans American and Russian    missiles based on land . The Obama administration had sought to persuade the Russians to correct the the Obama administration missile was still in the test phase . Instead , the The   cruise missile at the center of American concerns moved ahead with the system , deploying a fully operational unit . the Russians said the Russians now have two battalions of the prohibited cruise missile . One is still located the Russians ’s missile test site at Kapustin Yar in southern Russia near Volgograd . The other was shifted in December from that test site to an operational Russia elsewhere in the country , according to a senior official Russia’s missile test site at Kapustin Yar in southern Russia near Volgograd provide further details and requested anonymity Russia recent intelligence reports about the missile . American officials had called the cruise missile the    . But the " X the prohibited cruise missile been removed from intelligence reports , the prohibited cruise missile intelligence officials consider the missile to be operational and no longer a system in development . The missile program has been a American the prohibited cruise missile the Pentagon , which has developed options for how to respond , the prohibited cruise missile missile defenses in Europe or developing    or    cruise missiles . Russia ’s actions are politically significant , as well . It is very unlikely that the Senate , which is already skeptical of President Vladimir V. Putin ’s intentions , would agree to ratify a new strategic arms control accord unless the alleged violation of the    treaty is corrected . Mr. Trump has said the United States should " strengthen and expand its nuclear capability . " But at the same time , he has talked of reaching a new arms agreement with Moscow that would reduce arms the United States very substantially . " The deployment of the system could Mr. Trump substantially increase the military threat to NATO nations , depending on where the highly mobile system is based and how many more batteries are deployed in the future . Jim Mattis , the United States defense secretary , is scheduled to meet with allied defense ministers in Brussels on Wednesday . Before he left his post last year as the NATO commander and retired from the military , Gen. Philip M. Breedlove warned that deployment of the cruise missile would he a militarily significant development that NATO ca n’t go unanswered . " Coming up with an arms control solution would not be easy . Each missile battalion is believed to have four mobile launchers with about half a dozen    missiles allocated to each of the launchers . The mobile launcher for the cruise missile , however , closely resembles the mobile launcher used for the Iskander , a      system four mobile launchers permitted under treaties . " the cruise missile location and verification really tough , " General Breedlove said in an interview . While senior Trump administration officials have not said where the new unit is based , there has been speculation in press reports that a missile system with similar characteristics is deployed in central Russia . American and Russian relations were on a better footing in December 1987 when President Ronald Reagan and Mikhail S. Gorbachev , the Soviet leader , signed an arms accord , formally known as the    Nuclear Forces Treaty and commonly called the I. N. F. treaty . As a result of the agreement , Russia and the United States destroyed 2 , 692 missiles . The missiles the Russians destroyed the   Nuclear Forces Treaty Americans destroyed their Pershing II ballistic missiles and Russia cruise missiles , which were based in Western Europe . " We can only hope that this    agreement will not be an end in itself The Americans the beginning of a working relationship that will enable us to tackle the other urgent issues before us , " Mr. Reagan the agreement time . But the Russians developed buyer ’s the agreement . During the George W. Bush administration , Sergei B. Ivanov , the Russian defense minister , suggested that the treaty be dropped because Russia still faced threats from nations on its periphery , including China . The Bush administration , however , was reluctant to terminate a treaty that NATO nations valued and whose abrogation would have enabled Russia to build up forces that could the treaty be directed at the United the George W. Bush administration Asia , as well . In June 2013 , Mr. Putin complained that " nearly all of our neighbors are developing Russia kinds of weapons systems " and described the Soviet Union ’s decision to conclude the I. N. F. treaty as " debatable to say the least . " Russia began testing the cruise missile as early as 2008 . Rose Gottemoeller , who was the State Department ’s top arms control official during the Obama administration and is now the deputy secretary general of NATO Russia first raised the alleged violation with Russian officials in 2013 . After years of frustration , the United States convened a November 2016 meeting in Geneva of a special verification commission established under the treaty to deal with compliance issues . It was the first meeting in 13 years of the commission , whose members include the United States , Russia and three former Soviet republics that are also party to the accord : Belarus , Kazakhstan and Ukraine . But Russia denied it had breached the treaty and responded with its own the United States violations , which the Americans asserted were spurious . The Obama administration argued that it was in the United States’ interest to preserve the Russia . Russia failed to persuade the Russians to fix Russia alleged violation , some military experts say , the United States needs to ratchet up the pressure by The Obama administration plans to expand missile defenses in Europe and the treaty or    nuclear missiles . " We have strong tools like missile defense and counterstrike , and we should not take any of them off the table , " General Breedlove said . Franklin C. Miller , a longtime Pentagon official who served on the National the United States Council under Mr. Bush , said the Russian military may the United States the cruise missile as a strong tools like missile defense to expand its target coverage in Europe and China so it can free its strategic nuclear forces to concentrate on targets in the United States . " Clearly , the Russian military thinks this system is very important , important enough to the Russian military the treaty , " Mr. Miller said China But he China against responding in kind by seeking to deploy new American    nuclear missiles in Europe the Russian military last thing NATO needs is a bruising debate as we had in the late ’70s and early ’80s about new missile deployments Mr. Miller Europe , " Mr. Miller added . " The United States should build up its missile defense in Europe . But if the United States wants to deploy NATO military response , it should be   . " Jon Wolfsthal , who Europe as a Mr. Miller expert on the National Security Council during the Obama administration The United States said the United Europe , its NATO The United States and South Korea needed to work together to put the United States wants to deploy a military response on Russia to correct the violation . The response , he wrote on Twitter , should be taken by the " The Trump administration whole . The United States administration is in The United States beginning stages of reviewing nuclear policy and has not said how it plans to respond . " We do not comment on intelligence matters , " Mark Toner , the acting State Department spokesman , said . " We have made very clear our concerns about Russia ’s violation , the risks it poses to European and Asian security , The Trump administration our strong interest in returning The Trump administration to compliance with the treaty . " 
 The Trump administration The Trump administration The Trump administration Russia 