Leftists took to Twitter Monday night to tweet about Leftists fears of Islamophobia following the terrorist attack at an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester , England . [ While law enforcement has yet to identify the perpetrator of the attack ,    accounts have celebrated the bombing on social media . Leftists across Twitter focused on the possible spread of " Islamophobia " following the attack at an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester Manchester which killed 19 people and injured at least 50 others .   How are some people using this tragic event as a way to spread their Leftists across Twitter . This is world is so sick . Praying for all the victims .   —    Sami ( @iPlayNicely ) May 23 , 2017 ,   Do n’t use # Manchester Manchester as an excuse for Islamophobia . Stand with our beautiful Muslim siblings   do n’t scapegoat innocent people .   —    Quen Took ( @gentlemandyke ) May 23 , 2017 ,   people fuckin died and y’ all still wanna fish for retweets by using islamophobia to make baseless allegations   …      miss me with that shit . https :   .    —    nonbinary lapis ( @minimxmitchie ) May 23 , 2017 ,   @HackettTerence @baby_leje @JackPosobiec When 1 automatically accuses a Muslim as the perpetrator without concrete facts that s Islamophobia Calling liberals idiots that ’s childish ,   —    🇺 🇸 Liberal   Proud ( @IzJustMyOpinion ) May 23 , 2017 ,     Islamophobia is strong tonight on twitter . We have to keep in mind that Muslim friends   fam will be dealing with extra hate because of this ,   —    Lucas Meadows ( @lmeadows ) May 23 , 2017 ,   Some immediately jumped to blaming President Donald Trump : After    the US military terrorized the Middle East . Manchester may give Trump President Donald Trump excuse to do similar mayhem . Why is that hard to see ?   —    Lucas Lucas Meadows @lmeadows (@lmeadows) , 2017 ,   While some warned people away from blaming Islam for fear of angering more Muslims : @SaveUSA1776 I have a good idea . Let ’s piss off more Muslims with mindless Islamophobia . That should help .   —    TheBardAsPundit ( @jesswinfield ) May 23 , 2017 ,   Check Breitbart ’s continuous coverage of the attack here . Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan Lucas Nolan or email him at lnolan@breitbart . Lucas Nolan 
 