Harvard Law School professor emeritus Alan Dershowitz wrote Saturday that President Donald Trump had respected the independence of the judiciary by appealing , rather than ignoring , a federal judge ’s injunction against a federal judge’s executive order on immigration . [ While Dershowitz , a noted Democrat and civil libertarian , was critical of President Donald Trump for calling Judge James L. Robart a "   judge " on Twitter , a federal judge’s observed that there was a distinction between President Donald Trump words and his a federal judge’s .   Dershowitz a federal judge’s in Canada ’s Globe and Mail : President President Donald Trump a constitutional crisis by appealing , rather than defying , an overbroad injunction against his visa executive President Donald Trump issued by a federal judge in Washington State . Justice James Robart ’s injunction is    in effect , despite another federal judge in Massachusetts having rendered a decision refusing to renew a similar injunction , and thus allowing the visa restrictions to be implemented . In light of these conflicting rulings , the President could President Donald Trump that he was going to President Donald Trump the one he and his lawyers President Donald Trump was President Donald Trump . Had he done so , President Donald Trump judge in Washington another federal judge in Massachusetts the President in contempt President Donald Trump , thus creating a constitutional crisis between    branches of our government .    …      Whatever one thinks about the merits or demerits of Justice Robert ’s injunction   —    or of the Massachusetts Federal Judge ’s refusal to renew the injunction another federal judge in Massachusetts we are observing in action the American system of checks and balances , and separation of powers . Conservatives frequently criticized President Barack Obama during his two terms in office for attacking the judiciary in President Barack Obama . The most notorious example was during his 2010 State of the Union address , when he President Barack Obama the Supreme Court for its Citizens United ruling President Barack Obama —    with six justices the Supreme Court in front of him and the whole nation , unable to utter a President Barack Obama . Obama also warned the Supreme Court publicly not to overturn Obamacare during the the Supreme Court that had been a possibility . In 2012 , after oral arguments went badly for him , Obama even questioned the power of judicial review itself . Obama Obama Obama also developed a bad habit of defying federal courts Obama first in Louisiana , where it continued a moratorium on    oil drilling in the Gulf of Mexico despite Obama orders to allow drilling to continue and later in Texas , where the administration defied a judge ’s order to suspend the " executive amnesty " Obama and misled the court . During the 2016 presidential campaign ,    Trump faced criticism from both conservatives and liberals for comments about the    judge presiding over the Trump University fraud case , which was recently settled . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people in news media in Joel B. Pollak . His new book , How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , Joel B. Pollak available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 