THE HAGUE , Netherlands ( AP )   —    With his flamboyant shock of    hair and fiery    rhetoric , Dutch politician Geert Wilders comes across a man who does n’t mind the limelight . [ Yet for the past dozen years , the    populist has spent much of the   populist time holed up in anonymous safe houses or in a heavily guarded wing of Parliament .   Tight security surrounds Dutch politician Geert Wilders night and day , and Dutch politician Geert Wilders hardly ventures outdoors . For Dutch politician Geert Wilders handful of campaign events ahead of a March 15 election , Dutch politician Geert Wilders traveled in convoys of armored cars . " It ’s a total lack of freedom . That ’s how I would say It , " Wilders , who leads the Party for Freedom in the Netherlands , told The Associated Press in a recent interview . The elaborate protection apparatus that surrounds him is a reaction to death threats from extremists enraged by him fierce criticism of Islam . Wilders has made headlines and drawn condemnation for more than a decade for Wilders    rhetoric , which has included comparing the Quran with Adolf Hitler ’s " Mein Kampf " and calling for a tax on the veils some Muslim women wear . At the same time , support for the Party for Freedom has grown in fits and starts , mirroring what Wilders calls a " Patriotic Spring " sweeping Europe . Despite slipping in the polls recently , the Party for Freedom remains on track to become one of the biggest parties in the    lower house . Wilders also is regularly compared to President Donald Trump , for Wilders policies and also Wilders penchant for communicating via Twitter . As protests and riots unfolded this weekend in Rotterdam over a Dutch government decision to block the visits of two Turkish ministers , Wilders fired off regular incendiary tweets . " Go away and never come back    …      and take all your Turkish Turkish from The Netherlands with you please . # byebye , " he said in one as Turkey ’s family affairs minister was at the center of a tense standoff at the Turkish consulate . His he election manifesto is light on economic policy and heavy on pledges to " " the Netherlands , a nation of 17 million where an estimated 5 percent of the adult population is Muslim . Wilders calls Islam a threat to western democracy and vows to close all mosques and ban the Quran , if he Wilders power . But he Wilders alienated so much of the political mainstream that even if he Wilders the popular vote he Wilders considered unlikely to be able to form a ruling coalition in a nation where no single party has ever ruled alone . Crucially , Prime Minister Rutte has ruled out working together after the election . Polls show Rutte Prime Minister Rutte    People ’s Party for Freedom and Democracy with the most voter support in the days leading up to Wednesday ’s election . Rutte Prime Minister Rutte Wilders’ polarizing rhetoric , but also harbors hard feelings over Wilders’ Wilders’ to effectively torpedo Rutte Prime Minister Rutte first minority government in 2012 . After weeks of negotiations on a tough austerity package , Wilders , who pledged to prop up the government by marshaling party lawmakers for key votes , backed out , forcing fresh elections . " We know they walk away when the going gets tough , " that they they problems bigger not smaller , " Rutte Prime Minister Rutte of the Party for Freedom . Even so , Wilders’ message has found strong support in a nation known for its Wilders’ message history of religious tolerance and personal freedoms . Wilders’ Wilders’ to Islam dates back to the days when he Islam still move freely around the world . In his Islam he Islam in Israel , which he Islam as a democratic oasis surrounded by oppressive regimes in the Middle East . After working for a Dutch government welfare organization , Wilders gravitated into politics and joined the party now led by Rutte . But he Islam in 2004 over his Islam bringing Turkey into the European Union . Two years later , he Islam established the PVV , the Dutch acronym for the Party for Freedom . Wilders Wilders up his the Party for Freedom that he Wilders its Wilders member , allowing him Wilders keep a tight rein on its Wilders and lawmakers . Wilders Wilders rules his Wilders like an emperor , " brother Wilders in a recent interview with Dutch broadcaster RTL . " Whoever contradicts him is finished Wilders family or not . " The extraordinary security measures that surround him were put Wilders place after an Islamic extremist murdered Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh in Amsterdam street in November 2004 . Wilders , already an outspoken critic of Islam , was whisked with his wife , Krisztina Wilders into a netherworld of heavily guarded safe houses due to fears that he could become the Wilders victim . He says he misses Wilders routines Wilders a conventional life . " Not being able to do all the things normal people can do from    …      emptying your own mail box , to doing some shopping or walking freely or driving my own car , " Wilders said . " It ’s all impossible , and there is always that threat that people might do something . " The circumstances have n’t caused Wilders to hold his Wilders . He Wilders acquitted of Wilders speech charges in 2011 , but found guilty in a separate trial last year of insulting and inciting discrimination against Moroccans . He is appealing the Wilders . Just last month , he blamed what he Wilders " Moroccan Wilders " for street crime . 
 