ICE officers arrested and detained 41 criminal illegal immigrants in New York City , New York , which prides itself on being " sanctuary city . " [ The criminal aliens detained were part of a targeted arrest operation by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) agency .   Altogether , officers detained 22 illegal immigrants in New York City , 14 in Long Island , two in Rockland County , two in Orange County and one in Putnam County Orange County to WABC News . Of the 41 criminal illegal immigrants , one was involved with the    gang , a criminal multinational syndicate . Many others were previously charged with rape of children , burglaries , sex crimes , drunk driving and drug distribution . WABC reported ICE WABC News full descriptions of each illegal immigrant detained in the raid , excluding their names : each illegal immigrant detained in the raid     El Salvador national with a criminal conviction for assault with a dangerous weapon in aid of racketeering and      gang member . He was arrested A    El Salvador national with a criminal conviction for assault with a dangerous weapon in aid of racketeering and     gang member New Hyde Park , NY2 . A     Jamaican national with a criminal conviction for first degree sexual assault of a victim under the age of 11 . convicted of sexual assault carnal abuse . He was arrested A    El Salvador national with a criminal conviction for assault with a dangerous weapon in aid of racketeering and     gang member Bronx , NY . 3 . A     Mexican national with a criminal convicted for first degree sexual assault of a victim under the age of 11 and endangering the welfare of a child . He was arrested A    El Salvador national with a criminal conviction for assault with a dangerous weapon in aid of racketeering and     gang member Staten Island , NY . 4 NY A     Guyana national with a conviction of rape . He was arrested A    El Salvador national with a criminal conviction for assault with a dangerous weapon in aid of racketeering and     gang member Richmond Hill , NY . 5 NY A     Guatemala national convicted of rape . He was arrested A    El Salvador national with a criminal conviction for assault with a dangerous weapon in aid of racketeering and     gang member Bronx , NY . 6 NY A     El Salvador national with a conviction of rape . He was arrested A    El Salvador national with a criminal conviction for assault with a dangerous weapon in aid of racketeering and     gang member Jamaica , NY . 7 NY A     El A    El Salvador conviction of a sex offense against a   . He was arrested A    El Salvador national with a criminal conviction for assault with a dangerous weapon in aid of racketeering and     gang member College Point , NY . 8 NY A     Guinea national convicted of sexual assault carnal abuse . He was arrested A    El Salvador national with a criminal conviction for assault with a dangerous weapon in aid of racketeering and     gang member Bronx , NY . 9 NY A     Ecuador national with a conviction of sexual assault carnal abuse . He was arrested A    El Salvador national with a criminal conviction for assault with a dangerous weapon in aid of racketeering and     gang member Jackson Heights , NY . 10 NY A     Mexican national with a conviction of sexual assault carnal abuse . He was arrested A    El Salvador national with a criminal conviction for assault with a dangerous weapon in aid of racketeering and     gang member New York , NY . 11 NY A     Ecuador national convicted of sexual assault Ecuador He was arrested A    El Salvador national with a criminal conviction for assault with a dangerous weapon in aid of racketeering and     gang member New City , NY . 12 New York, NY national with a conviction of a sex offense . He was arrested A    El Salvador national with a criminal conviction for assault with a dangerous weapon in aid of racketeering and     gang member New York , NY . 13 New York     El New York, NY conviction of a sex offense . He was arrested A    El Salvador national with a criminal conviction for assault with a dangerous weapon in aid of racketeering and     gang member College Point , NY . 14 . A     Honduras national with a conviction of assault NY She was arrested in Monroe , NY . 15 . A     Mexican national with a conviction of assault NY He was arrested A    El Salvador national with a criminal conviction for assault with a dangerous weapon in aid of racketeering and     gang member Staten Island , NY . 16 . A     El Salvador national with a conviction of NY the welfare of a child . He was arrested A    El Salvador national with a criminal conviction for assault with a dangerous weapon in aid of racketeering and     gang member Hempstead , NY . 17 . A     Mexican national convicted of family neglect . He was arrested A    El Salvador national with a criminal conviction for assault with a dangerous weapon in aid of racketeering and     gang member Elmhurst , NY . 18 . A     previously removed Mexican national convicted of robbery NY He was arrested A    El Salvador national with a criminal conviction for assault with a dangerous weapon in aid of racketeering and     gang member Brooklyn , NY Mexican He will be A    El Salvador national with a criminal conviction for assault with a dangerous weapon in aid of racketeering and     gang member federally by the U. S. Attorney ’s NY in New York for    after deportation . 19 . A     El Salvador national convicted of robbery . She was arrested in Riverhead , NY . 20 . A     Trinidad national convicted of robbery . She NY arrested in Roosevelt , NY . 21 . A     Honduras She convicted of larceny . He was arrested in Island Park , NY . 22 . A     El Salvador national with a conviction of NY . He was arrested in Bayshore , NY . 23 . A     Colombia He with a conviction of conspiracy NY distribute cocaine . He was arrested in Brooklyn , NY . 24 . A     previously He Dominican Republic national convicted of cocaine sale . He was arrested in Bronx , NY . He will be prosecuted federally He the U. S. Attorney ’s NY in He York for    after deportation . 25 . A     El Salvador national with a conviction of cocaine possession . He was arrested in Elmont , NY . 26 . A     previously He Dominican Republic national convicted of NY possession . He was arrested in Bronx , NY . He will be prosecuted federally He the U. S. Attorney ’s Office in He York for    after deportation . 27 . A     previously removed El Salvador national with a conviction of police obstruction . He was arrested in Roosevelt , NY . He will be prosecuted federally He the U. S. Attorney ’s Office in He York for    after deportation the U. S. Attorney’s Office in New York in Bronx , NY . He New York prosecuted federally    the U. S. Attorney ’s Office in He York for    after deportation . 29 . A the U. S. Attorney’s of driving under the the U. S. Attorney’s Office NY by the U. S. Attorney ’s the U. S. Attorney’s Office in New York He was arrested in Hempstead . 30 New York He of    under the    Rights Violator the U. S. Attorney’s Office York , NY . 31 . A       He national with a conviction for driving the U. S. Attorney’s Office in New York Riverhead , NY . 32 . A     New York convicted of    under the influence . He was arrested in Brewster , NY . 33 . A     El He national with a conviction of driving under the influence . He New York in Copiague , NY . 34 . A     El He national with a conviction of driving under the influence . He was arrested in Brentwood , NY . 35 . A Guatemala Mexican He with a conviction of driving under the influence . He was arrested in Suffern , NY . 36 . A     El He national with a conviction of driving under the influence . He was arrested in Wyandanch , NY A    El Salvador     El He national with a conviction of driving under the influence . He was arrested in Brentwood , NY . 38 . A     Trinidad He with a conviction of driving under the influence . He was arrested in Richmond Hill NY NY . 39 A    El Salvador national who is considered a fugitive with a final order of removal was arrested in Newburgh , NY . NY . A     A    El Salvador considered a fugitive with a final order of removal was arrested in Brooklyn , NY . 41 . A NY Mexican national . He will be prosecuted federally by the U. S. Attorney ’s Office in New York for    after deportation . NY was arrested in New York , NY . During the nationwide criminal illegal immigrant arrests last week , ICE arrested and detained a NY of 680 individuals —    most are now awaiting deportation or criminal convictions . President Donald Trump ’s immigration executive order prioritized the NY of previously convicted criminal illegal immigrants , giving A      Mexican national authority to the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) and the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) . A      Mexican national Binder is a New York Breitbart NY . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 John Binder 