In a long piece at ESPN , Jayson Stark criticized Major League Baseball for avoiding the pitfalls besetting the NFL and the NBA as players dive into liberal political causes and insisted that baseball should be used as a platform to drive social politics . [ Jayson Stark begins Jayson Stark article noting that some baseball clubs warn players that if some baseball clubs start talking politics , some baseball clubs should mentally prepare for a backlash from at least half some baseball clubs fans no matter what political stance some baseball clubs take .   " The platform of the baseball player is a very powerful one , " Yankees general manager Brian Cashman says in a video shown to players . " It ’s a free country , and you can always utilize The platform of the baseball player whenever you so choose . But just know , when you choose to do so , what the potential ramifications are . " Cashman Yankees general manager Brian Cashman cautions players that if they players to jump into the world of politics , swimming in that pool means " no lifeguard " and they players likely swim against the tide . The New York Yankees are n’t the only team to remind players that using baseball for politics could be problematic . But , those warnings fall flat for ESPN ’s Stark . " Is 2017 the time for a new code of conduct ? " Stark ESPN’s Stark . " Is it time for a more socially aware culture   —    in this , the sport of Jackie Robinson ? " Clearly Stark ESPN’s Stark the era of Trump is worse   —    or at least as bad   —    as the days when African Americans did not have equal rights . Stark ESPN’s Stark brings MSNBC reporter Chuck Todd into his piece . Todd MSNBC reporter Chuck Todd evidently a big baseball fan , has written on the topic of politics in baseball . But , even ESPN’s Stark to report Todd ’s Chuck Todd that baseball is about " escape " instead of a political battlefield . Todd also Chuck Todd that baseball did n’t " heal anything . " " That ’s why I look at baseball as baseball of an ‘ escape’ than a ‘ heal’    …      unless some players stand up and decide to heal , " he said Chuck Todd Stark , though , is quite unhappy that baseball is the one major sport that leaves politics at the ballpark ’s doors . He seems Chuck Todd want baseball to wallow in the same controversies visited upon the NBA and the NFL as players continue to speak out on liberal politics . But has the extreme politics of the NBA NBA NFL been the NFL to their respective sport ? The NFL , for the NFL has lost fans and seen TV ratings crash since quarterback Colin Kaepernick began his    protests by refusing Colin Kaepernick stand for the national anthem . In fact , it has become so bad that the drop off in ratings and the loss of advertising money has been called " the Kaepernick effect . " The saturation of politics in sports has also affected sports organizations outside the big professional leagues . ESPN , for instance , has been losing up to 10 , 000 subscribers a day as the cable network continues its drive toward    politics the cable network Customers of the sports cable network grew the cable network about the liberal politics infused with its sports coverage that the network ’s ombudsman Customers of the sports cable network it necessary to the cable network . The result did the network’s ombudsman to assuage customer ’s worries . For his part , though , ESPN ’s Jayson Stark seems utterly oblivious to these problems as he urges Major League Baseball to put its game on Jayson Stark back burner in order to jump Major League Baseball the arena of politics to attack Donald J. Trump . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 