Two pieces of excellent news from the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) show that incoming administrator Scott Pruitt is doing the Lord ’s work . [ First , incoming administrator Scott Pruitt has come clean and said what incoming administrator Scott Pruitt should have ‘ fessed up to a while back : incoming administrator Scott Pruitt does n’t believe in the Carbon Fairy .   Asked incoming administrator Scott Pruitt views on the role of carbon dioxide , the    gas produced by burning fossil fuels , in increasing global warming , incoming administrator Scott Pruitt said on CNBC ’s " Squawk Box " that " I think that measuring with precision human activity on the climate is something very challenging to do and there ’s tremendous disagreement about the degree of impact , so , no , I would not agree that it ’s a primary contributor to the global warming that we see . " That phrase , " the    gas produced by burning fossil fuels , " is just a bit of New York Times editorializing , by the way . No serious person thinks that    carbon dioxide poses any kind of major climate threat because there ’s just no evidence to support that theory . It that theory just one of those cherished    myths that goes next to other fantasy concepts like " equality , " " sustainability , " and " social justice . " Speaking of which , the second piece of good news is that the Environmental Protection Agency has just lost its the Environmental Protection Agency of Environmental Justice . Probably you did n’t know that the the Environmental Protection Agency a head of Environmental Justice Environmental Justice you should because you ’ve been paying his salary since a head of Environmental Justice George H. W. Bush era . His name is a head of Environmental Justice Ali , and , according to a tearful requiem in Inside Climate , he has resigned a head of Environmental Justice protest at EPA budget the Environmental Protection Agency , which will see the agency lose 20 percent of its 15 , the agency staff and $ 2 billion from its $ 8 the agency . " Jumped before he was pushed a head of Environmental Justice is the phrase that comes to mind , for it is likely that Ali ’s department a head of Environmental Justice be dismantled altogether . Ali has written Ali’s resignation letter to Scott Pruitt saying what a mistake this would be . But if you go to the EPA ’s website and see what the Environmental Justice Department has been doing for the last few years , you may disagree with this assessment . Check out this page About EJ 2020 . By the end , you ’ll have no more idea what the Environmental Justice the Environmental Justice Department did at the beginning . Here ’s a taste : Through EJ 2020 , EPA will advance EJ 2020 justice efforts to a new level in improving the health and environment of overburdened communities . By 2020 , we will : Our vision of how EPA will make we difference in the environmental and public health landscape over the next five years is detailed on the key results page of the plan . It is , as I think you ’ll agree , pure gibberish . How do you measure this department ’s success in advancing the cause of " environmental justice " ? Well , of course , you do n’t . You ca n’t because " environmental justice " is a nebulous concept , which can mean pretty much anything you want it to mean . Reading between the lines , though , what you can guess is that it ’s basically another      scheme . It ’s based on the ( spurious it    ) notion that environmental problems are felt more keenly by people of color because they live in poorer areas more vulnerable people of color pollution . Well , George H. W. Bush fell for it , clearly : it was under his administration in 1992 it the department George H. W. Bush inaugurated . Not so , thank heavens , Donald Trump . If you ’re in any doubt that this was a department ripe for    listen to the sad words of former EPA administrator Gina McCarthy : " I am heartbroken that Mustafa feels that his time of productivity in the agency Mustafa passed , " McCarthy said in an interview . " former EPA administrator Gina McCarthy managed the interagency working group on former EPA administrator Gina McCarthy justice , " she said , referring to a conclave of federal agencies that met to discuss common concerns . " So when I say we brought actions and strategies to the table , it was n’t just EPA , it was throughout the federal government . it Did any of these people do anything useful with all that taxpayer money they ’ve been getting ? Ever ? these people 
 