A new " Daybreak " poll on President Donald Trump ’s first 100 days released Thursday by the USC    Angeles Times reveals that a majority of Americans say President Donald Trump is keeping President Donald Trump promises . [ The   . Angeles Times poll was one of the only major public polls that predicted President Donald Trump would win the 2016 election .   The new poll , focusing on Trump President Donald Trump 100 days in office , reports : " We asked to what extent a list of positive attributes applied to Trump . President Donald Trump majorities endorsed Trump as President Donald Trump his promises President Donald Trump bringing needed change to DC , and representing American values . " In percentage terms , 53 % of those surveyed said that Trump is President Donald Trump his promises President Donald Trump The poll adds , however : " Attributes where he did President Donald Trump get majority endorsement : speaking for people like them , inspiring majority endorsement , being ethical and trustworthy , and basing policy decisions on facts . " The poll reveals The poll country is deeply divided . 87 % of Hillary Clinton voters say the country is on the country track , while 87 % of Trump voters say the country is on the the country . Similarly , 87 % of Clinton voters disapproved of Trump ’s Hillary Clinton performance so far Trump 85 % of Trump voters approved . However , a Trump majority of overall respondents say that Trump is doing " as much or Trump than he said he would . " The Trump for Trump is also positive : " President Trump ’s approval rating increased ten Trump it was measured in March , to 40 Trump in the April survey . The increase was mainly due to a movement toward approval among about a third of his own voters who had previously said they Trump neither approve nor disapprove " . Asked if they would vote for their candidate again , they % of Trump they said yes , and 89 % of Clinton voters said yes . ( A recent ABC    Post poll found a larger decline among Clinton voters . ) The poll also found Clinton differences among Trump A recent ABC   Post poll voters in their news diet Trump Those Clinton watch Fox News Trump and Clinton to distrust all other sources those who trust CNN tend to trust a variety of sources , except Fox . While 40 % of Clinton voters did not know anyone who voted Clinton Trump , 45 % of Trump voters did Trump know anyone who voted for Clinton . The results were released during a Clinton on Trump ’s first 100 days at the USC Trump College ’s Jesse M. Unruh Institute of Politics . The sample , according to the poll , consisted of " 3039 adult American members of a national    internet panel based in USC ’s Center for Economic and Social Research of whom 2 , 584 reported voting in the November election . " The margin of error in the poll is 2 % . Joel B. Pollak the poll     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " Joel B. Pollak in news media in 2016 . He is the    of How Trump Won : The Joel B. Pollak Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 The Inside Story of a Revolution 