SARASOTA , Florida   —    Thousands of professional progressive protesters are plotting to disrupt a town hall event for Rep. Vern Buchanan ( ) here on Saturday morning , Breitbart News has learned , as part of a grander effort to grind down President Donald Trump and Breitbart News America First agenda on the national stage . [   progressive organizers in the area are flooding social media with messages detailing progressive organizers in the area plans for disruption and even expressing the hope that President Trump dies soon . progressive organizers in the area openly state progressive organizers in the area goal is to halt the mandate President Trump has from his President Trump electoral college win on Nov. 8 , when he President Trump Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton by winning      states   —    cruising to a 306 vote electoral college victory .   The vitriolic nature of the progressive left ’s desperate    streak shines through in organizing messages in local Facebook posts , including one in which progressive activists say their progressive activists favorite " interaction with someone recently was a man who rolled down the window of his someone while they progressive activists protesting and said he someone that President Trump was dead . The local progressive Facebook group Indivisible Bradenton    wrote : Our street protests were lively again , and we Our our Our skills with a lot of razzmatazz this week . Our Our reflected our Our : ‘ Did Trump Collude With Russia?’ ‘ Trumpcare is Worse Than Obamacare,’ ‘ GOP Bad Health Bill 24 , 000 , 000 LOSE Rich Get Tax Break,’ ’24 Million Will Lose Coverage Under Republican Plan,’ ‘ Protect Our Care ! Save the ACA,’ and ‘ Sessions Must Resign.’ Our Our group seemed to embolden the hecklers this week . We Our several long    tirades directed at us Our both passing cars and people on the street . We Our thanked them Our smaller group or whooped in response for our Our cheers . We Our enough of a regular fixture now on Tuesdays mornings that one woman who works in a nearby office asked if we Our here because we Our only allowed to protest on Tuesdays ( ? ! ) . That made me realize all the more the importance of making our Our known and what people ’s democratic rights truly allow them people this sleepy town . We Our course got a lot of cheers and honks , as we Our do , along with some thank yous . The favorite this week was an older gentleman who rolled down his window , spoke very slowly , and said : ‘ We all need to pray very hard that Trump goes to heaven very soon.’ In other words , one of the " favorite " comments these progressive organizers heard all week was a man wishing that President Trump dead and " goes to heaven very heaven . " The original Facebook posting has since been removed and reposted with slightly different wording , where instead of the original description of that exchange with the man who wished President Trump Trump as the progressive organizer and post author ’s " favorite " of the week , all week altered to say the exchange with that man was the " most notable oddity " of the week . Breitbart all week screenshots of the original , however , and is providing both the original post and the revised one here . image2 ( 3 ) by Breitbart News on Scribd , Breitbart News the original and revised postings also included details about the    activists’ efforts to storm Buchanan ’s town hall on Saturday , noting that a Buchanan staffer " received us kindly as always " when asked for details about the congressman ’s upcoming town hall event . " First , we sought more information about the us of Saturday ’s town hall meeting , " the progressive group said in both posts . " She said that much of the time and format of the meeting was still being decided . So we do n’t have anything new the progressive group report on that front . " More than 4 , 000 people have RSVP’d for Buchanan ’s Sarasota town hall on Saturday morning , Buchanan ’s office and local Republicans Buchanan’s News , and they are expecting an onslaught of progressives Buchanan’s office and local Republicans are not representative of the district ’s electorate as a whole to attempt to dominate the discussion . If the RSVP numbers hold firm —   or even come close to matching that whopping total —   this town hall will be the biggest nationwide as of yet in a series of recent unruly town halls Republican members of Congress have faced since President Trump ’s inauguration , and it has the potential to set the President Trump’s for whether the president will succeed in legislatively achieving President Trump moving forward . Several deep ties President Trump Sarasota ’s political story and Trump ’s national rise make this one of President Trump interesting events early in Trump ’s administration . This particular congressman , Buchanan the Trump administration story that ’s eerily similar to President Trump ’s rise to power : both were highly President Trump before running for office . What ’s more , this district in many ways serves as a bellwether not just for Florida but perhaps for the nation as a whole . To top it off , the venue for the town hall —   the Van the nation as a whole Performing Arts Hall here in Sarasota —   is hallowed ground for President Trump . Just weeks before Trump announced his presidential campaign , the Sarasota GOP awarded him its annual President Trump of President Trump Year award in May Sarasota in front President Trump the Sarasota GOP    crowd in the same hall . That award was bestowed upon Trump by    GOP powerbroker Joe Gruters , the Year award Florida statehouse representative President Trump Gruters the Sarasota GOP chairman of the Florida GOP , and joined the Trump campaign early as a senior official the Sarasota GOP him the highest President Trump Republican Party official in the state to back any candidate in the GOP primaries , drawing ire from allies of Trump Florida state power players Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) and former President Trump Jeb Bush . " What you have here is Vern Buchanan and Donald Trump are very similar in that they ’re business guys who want President Trump deals done , " Christian Ziegler   —    a state Vern Buchanan and Donald Trump who also served as a delegate for Trump to the Republican National Convention in Cleveland , Ohio last July and as President Trump presidential elector for President Trump in the electoral college   —    told Breitbart News in a Friday afternoon interview . Ziegler said : They know how to negotiate . They sit around a table and want to accomplish stuff Christian Ziegler   They really do n’t understand why there ’s They in Washington —   it makes no sense to them They because they ’re used to their businesses , being the CEO and just executing . That ’s They they ’ve They successful , they They both made a lot of money , they ’ve hired a lot They people —   both They them They   and they know how to They , they know how to pick good executives , which They really important in They especially being president because he They got to pick all the agency heads and all that stuff . They really know how to negotiate , that ’s really all Washington is —   one big negotiation on They Hill —   so I think that ’s a big strength both of them share . And I think they ’re both frustrated that nothing can get done in Washington and we They not looking after the consumer They the both of them . So I think they kind of Washington share that too . I think it ’s interesting because I ’ve gotten to know They and the governor , Rick Scott —   we have a governor too , which is great , that ’s what we need . We need more business guys to get in . Actually , I ’ve never thought of we —   we congressman , our governor and our president are all successful business people . At least for Sarasota County we we can we all our we here are not career politicians and all three Sarasota first we office is what we ’re in now . Sarasota offers national politicians , especially Republicans , access all our people here a all our people here of centrally located donors with all our people here pockets . But it also has the potential for big crowds , as Trump saw in his many trips to the area during the primaries Sarasota general election . Before launching his own political career , Ziegler served Trump six years as a senior staffer to Buchanan . He made a nearly successful Trump for the Florida GOP chairmanship against current chair and Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) ally Blaise Ziegler this year , coming up just short of toppling the establishment on his own . His wife serves on the local school board , something Ziegler noted offers him a unique window into understanding Ziegler the left Ziegler from a local level   —    and how Ziegler professionally organized Ziegler from progressive activists seeps from the ground level up to state and eventually all the way to national politics in an interconnected fashion . His wife , he said , regularly faces down progressive protesters targeting her on matters relevant to the national cultural debate , His wife bathroom Ziegler . Ziegler said : When they come out to His wife the school board , they have all these printed signs Christian Ziegler   all these groups that are bussing people in . But I think the local school board is happening with they . You Trump at all these different organizations . There ’s people from outside the district —   people from downtown Tampa that have no connection to this district , that are organizing all these counter protests around the state . They ’re doing a fairly good job for their cause , but it ’s definitely an organized Florida , apparatus if you will and effort . people from downtown Tampa that have no connection to our district I think we ’ll see that tomorrow people from downtown Tampa that have no connection to our district well . The orchestration from the hard left is nearly identical and linked together at every level , he added . He went on to say : That is occurring and we ’re seeing that on the ground in Florida statewide —   my colleagues The orchestration from the hard left the Republican The orchestration from the hard left of Florida as well , they ’re reporting the same thing Florida well . It ’s happening all around the state , Florida over on the east coast . People who have my colleagues in the Republican Party of Florida really gotten the same thing never been Florida turn out a crowd , all of a sudden busses are coming in and people are showing up outside of     pretty upset . So , it ’s an opportunity for the left to generate support whatever you think of Trump but I Trump n’t think it ’s truly representative of the average Floridian if you It . I think it is an orchestrated effort by professional protesters and professional activists . You look at something It the women ’s march —   that was something that was organized by these groups and then they just blend because they say ‘ let ’s march for women , let ’s march against Trump.’ For now , it does not appear the left is making headway these groups —    at these groups not here in ‘ or specifically with Buchanan . ‘ a statement , Buchanan Buchanan’s Breitbart News he plans to the left Breitbart News Buchanan’s accomplish the things both Sarasota them campaigned on . President Trump promised my constituents I would work to repeal Obamacare , reduce federal spending and protect Americans against terrorists , " Buchanan said . " I ’m looking Buchanan’s to working with President Trump ’s administration to accomplish these important goals and shake up Washington President Trump system . " What the leftists plan to do here on Saturday is very clearly stated in Saturday progressive organizers have been Washington on social media : Grind down President Trump in any way possible , by any means necessary . They want to President Trump to take positions and answer questions Buchanan’s may not want to , and Buchanan’s him in a tough spot by pitting Buchanan’s against the president . A document Buchanan’s the same the leftists Facebook group has been circulating openly online President Trump the group ’s agenda at this town hall : The document reads : this town hall at these Town Hall meetings is to use them as a media opportunity for our side . So the goal is to ask questions , and elicit responses from Congressman Buchanan , A document that the same aforementioned Facebook group has been circulating openly online push him Buchanan’s stances closer to what we Buchanan’s prefer , to demonstrate how the same aforementioned Facebook group is ‘ out of touch’ with his Buchanan’s when he stands with Trump ’s Buchanan’s , and Buchanan’s show how Republican policies are hurting everyday Americans . Although things like the AHCA President Trump hurt millions , statistics can be hard to comprehend and sometimes make our district eyes glaze over . But stories of individuals really bring things home and dramatize issues in powerful ways . So the most effective thing you can do is tailor any of the following questions with a short personal story about how proposed or enacted legislation negatively affects yourself , family , or friends . But do n’t force it , either   —    a simple , straightforward question that is easy to understand is absolutely terrific , too . The document then proceeds to detail a number of suggested questions designed to put Buchanan on the defensive , and to pit him against the Trump administration . They range from inquiries on matters like the House GOP Obamacare replacement plan , to A document that the same aforementioned Facebook group has been circulating openly online hacking story , to Buchanan ’s the Trump administration , to the border wall Buchanan to the president ’s recent executive orders the Sarasota GOP immigration suspending travel from President Trump of countries , and more . The    document President Trump the wording of dozens of suggested questions for those who would attend Buchanan ’s town hall , and links to Buchanan’s organization " Indivisible " which is helping organize the efforts to resist Trump ’s mandate and agenda across the country A document that the same aforementioned Facebook group has been circulating openly online to target Buchanan professionally   —    and this certainly seems Buchanan’s a professional President Trump , not grassroots    organization by concerned constituents   —    do not appear to be an accident . Sarasota has always been a battleground county in Florida , though it shades to the Republicans slightly . Florida is a battleground state with 29 electoral votes and was crucial to Trump ’s win in both the primaries and the Sarasota election . Most importantly Florida though , is that Trump Sarasota outperformed recent GOP Florida candidates President Trump Sarasota area   —    something Ziegler suggests may be a sign the left is worried they are President Trump ground here for the future and are desperate to regain the Sarasota GOP territory . In 2008 , Sen. John McCain ( )   Sarasota    then Christian Ziegler   GOP nominee   —    won Sarasota county over    President Barack Obama , but only by 237 votes . In 2012 ,    GOP nominee Mitt Romney beat Obama by more than 15 the Sarasota GOP 000 votes here , but that still was not enough to win Sarasota County of Florida . Trump beat Clinton Trump by the Sarasota GOP 26 , 000 votes , a much more substantial margin   —    something that helped him win statewide Trump Ziegler says that vote President Barack Obama has Democrats Florida regain relevancy Florida Ziegler said : He [ Trump ] made Trump big statement and it ’s not only [ Sarasota County ] it ’s Florida as a whole . If Christian Ziegler   put yourself in the Democrats’ shoes , right , for the whole election Christian Ziegler   were told Christian Ziegler   Hillary is winning and this is her election to lose , right ? There ’s no way Sarasota County losing it . Really , a big statement think Democrats were really complacent and they a big statement expected victory . What happened was was on election night you had Donald Trump and Trump Florida that we ’re in you put yourself in the Democrats’ shoes right , he won these states Trump he was Hillary supposed Trump win and that he was n’t expected Trump Hillary and there ’s no chance . The media said that , the left Democrats that to Florida own allies . If you ’re a Democrat , on election day you ’re looking at the map and you see Florida , Pennsylvania , Wisconsin , Michigan and you ’re like ‘ oh crap , what just happened to us?’ Now they ’re fighting for relevance . So it ’s almost like their last stand when you The media at the Democratic Party . Florida they lose that historic election that they were expected to win , and I think now they ’re scrambling . When you ’re desperate , you scramble and you try every tactic you can and it Florida, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan and you you . You throw Hail Mary ’s , but it Florida, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan and you too the Republican Party of Florida it ’s a couple months late . But that Florida, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan and you what you ’re seeing now Florida, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan and you All that activity is being fueled by them being Florida, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan and you desperate and paranoid and freaking out that they could lose their relevance altogether . Ziegler and other local Republicans are doing everything they can to get Trump voters to it up and back up the it and their GOP congressman   —    even running ads on social media promoting the town hall and President Trump out invitations Christian Ziegler   email lists of Trump backers . And Trump ’s silent them army may them show up the Sarasota GOP support the president ’s agenda in the face Republicans the left   —    or they might not President Trump as they have been Trump voters in other recent events , President Trump that the voters from the party that just won the election tend not to be as concerned as those who lost . But here in Sarasota on Saturday morning , it appears the first major     battle over the Trump agenda will play Christian Ziegler   out . silent majority army the right holds the silent majority army , and rallies around the president , the left may become further disillusioned . But if the left draws blood , Sarasota more of this nationwide . 
 President Trump the first major    battle over the Trump agenda the left 