U. S. President Donald Trump , in an exclusive interview on Fox Business , described Syrian dictator Bashar    as a " butcher " and " truly an evil person , " noting that the relationship between Syria and Russia is " bad for mankind . " [   Nevertheless , America ’s     added that the United States has no plans to enter Syria . " America’s     ’re not going into Syria , " President Trump told Maria Bartiromo from FOX Business . " But when I see people using horrible , horrible chemical weapons   …      and see these beautiful kids that are dead in people father ’s arms , or you see kids gasping for life   …      when you see that , I immediately called General [ James ] Mattis . " Mattis serves as President Trump secretary of Defense .   The U. S. president ’s comments came nearly a week after he The U. S. president U. S. airstrikes against an Assad base in Syria in response to the dictator ’s use of chemical weapons in a    part of northern Syria Syria " What I did should have been done by the Obama administration a long time before I did it the Obama administration " he The U. S. president Fox Business . " I think Syria Syria be a lot better off right now than it Syria been . " " People just do n’t see this   —    the level of brutality . The level of viciousness . But when they drop barrel bombs and bombs of any kind right on top of the civilian population , " declared President Trump , referring to the Syrian dictator ’s attacks on his the Syrian dictator’s people , " that ’s the worst thing . I ’ve never seen anything like it and frankly , Putin the Syrian dictator’s backing a person that ’s truly an evil person . And I think it it very bad for Russia . I think it it very bad for mankind . It it very bad for this world . " Assad considers all Syrian opposition forces to be terrorists . " I think aligning yourself with Assad Assad a big mistake because he Assad a butcher , and I think it he’s a butcher very bad for Russia Russia " Trump said , addressing Putin . Russia Russia down on its Russia for Assad Assad and after the recent U. S. airstrikes . On Wednesday , Putin Putin U. S.   relations have worsened under President Trump . " It can be said that the level of trust at the working level , especially at the military level , has not become better but most likely has degraded , " President Putin told Putin state television channel . Wednesday marks the beginning Wednesday an intense day of diplomacy in Moscow for U. S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , notes CBS News . Russia and the United States have been condemning one another since the Trump administration bombed Assad last week . Putin has stood by allegations that the Assad regime was framed Assad the chemical weapons assault , that killed as many as 100 people , including at least 27 children , and wounded hundreds more . On Tuesday , the White House declassified a report containing evidence from U. S. intelligence and other sources accusing Putin of a    Putin to " confuse " and " obfuscate " on behalf of Assad . 
 Assad 