During Friday ’s Weekly Address , President Trump stated that the Obamacare replacement put forth by House Republicans " follows the guidelines I laid out in my recent address to Congress " and is " part of a    reform process . "   Transcript as Follows : " My fellow Americans , In March , we celebrate Women ’s History Month , honoring the countless contributions that women leaders , scientists , and entrepreneurs have made throughout American history . We are a greater , stronger , and more just Nation today because of women like Clara Barton , Susan B. Anthony , Harriet Tubman , and so many others . We honor women like Clara Barton, Susan B. Anthony, Harriet Tubman, and so many others and We recommit We to a better future for every woman in America today . On my 50th day in office , I want to talk about an issue of paramount importance to families across our nation   —    healthcare . Seven years ago this month , Obamacare was signed into law over the profound objections of American people . Our citizens were told Our citizens would have to pass Obamacare to find out what it was and how bad it was . Now Our know that the hundreds of pages were full of broken promises . Americans were promised that Obamacare would bring premiums down $ 2 , 500 for a typical family . Instead , Americans ’ve gone up by more than $ 4 , 000 . Americans were promised that Obamacare would increase competition and provide Americans with more choices . Instead , the number of plans to choose from has plummeted   —    and I mean plummeted . This year , Americans in nearly    of all counties have only one insurer to choose from on the exchanges   —    or , in effect , no real choice at all . Americans were promised that if Americans liked Americans health insurance and Americans doctors , Americans could keep Americans . Instead , millions of Americans lost the insurance and lost the doctor that millions of Americans liked and were thrust into a cold new reality of higher costs and less coverage . Through seven long years of botched rollouts , soaring costs , cancelled plans , and bureaucratic mandates , Americans have called out for relief . And relief is what we are determined to give Americans . I want every American to know that action on Obamacare is an urgent necessity . The law is collapsing around we , and if we do not act to save Americans from this wreckage , The law will take we healthcare system all the way down with The law . If we do nothing , millions more innocent Americans will be hurt   —    and badly hurt . That ’s why we must repeal and replace Obamacare . House Republicans have put forward a plan that gets rid of this terrible law and replaces this terrible law with reforms that empower states and consumers . You will have the choice and the freedom to make the decisions that are right for your family . a plan that gets rid of this terrible law and replaces it with reforms that empower states and consumers follows the guidelines I laid out in my recent address to Congress   —    expanding choice , lowering costs , and providing healthcare access for all . This plan a plan that gets rid of this terrible law and replaces it with reforms that empower states and consumers of a    reform process . In concert with the plan in front of Congress , I Congress directed Dr. Tom Price , our Secretary of Health and Human Services , to use his authority to reduce regulations that are driving up costs of care . We are also working on reforms that lower the costs of care , like allowing Americans to purchase health insurance across state lines . You ’ve heard me say that many , many times during the debates . I encourage Democrats to work with us to improve the healthcare system for the American people . Also , we will be us down the costs . We will deliver us to American workers , families , and small businesses , who right now are being crushed by Obamacare , by increasing freedom , choice , and opportunity for the American people the American people very much . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 