SAN FRANCISCO   —    Facebook ’s chief executive , Mark Zuckerberg , on Thursday stepped into the raging debate about globalization . In a    letter Facebook’s chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg posted publicly , Facebook’s chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg expressed alarm that what was once considered normal   —    seeking global connection   —    was now seen by people and governments around the world as something undesirable . He Facebook’s chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg that he Facebook’s chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg push Facebook , which has more than 1 . 8 billion users worldwide , in a direction that would help convince individuals and governments that " progress now requires humanity coming together not just as cities or nations , but also as a global community . " The letter comes close to a political statement by a chief executive who , as the leader of a global company , is essentially arguing against a tide of isolationism that is rising across the world . Mr. Zuckerberg , 32 , chose to make the a political statement an update to his original Mr. Zuckerberg which was published in 2012 when Facebook went public . In that The letter he wrote that his social network " was built to accomplish a social mission   —    to make the world more the world connected . " In an interview this week at the company ’s headquarters in Menlo Park , Calif. Mr. Zuckerberg said that when he started Facebook , " the idea Mr. Zuckerberg connecting the world was not the world " " The default assumption was that the world was just incrementally the world that direction , " he said . " Now , that ’s actually Mr. Zuckerberg real question . " Mr. Zuckerberg released his missive amid a fierce debate Mr. Zuckerberg merits of Mr. Zuckerberg . In the United States , President Trump has displayed a deep streak of nationalism . Last year , Britain voted to quit the European Union . Those moves and others have been taken as signs of how globalization has caused strains   —    making it more difficult for companies to navigate a new world order . Against that backdrop , the timing of the letter is notable . While other technology executives , including Jeff Bezos of Amazon and Larry Page and Sergey Brin of Google , regularly update their founder letters each year   —    often tied other technology executives, including Jeff Bezos of Amazon and Larry Page and Sergey Brin of Google financial results   —    it is the first time Mr. Zuckerberg has refreshed Facebook ’s mission statement since the company ’s initial public offering . Mr. Zuckerberg said his reasons for writing the updated letter Mr. Zuckerberg take shape Mr. Zuckerberg last year ’s presidential election , spurred by broader trends . He said he recognized that more people were feeling left behind Mr. Zuckerberg globalization Mr. Zuckerberg and by societal and technological changes . As a result , he wanted to focus different parts of Facebook in a way Mr. Zuckerberg helped people better come together . " We have to build a global community that works for everyone , " he said . " I really do n’t have much doubt Mr. Zuckerberg this is the right direction to go in the long term . " Mr. Zuckerberg said he planned to reorient Facebook , which turned Mr. Zuckerberg month , Mr. Zuckerberg these new realities . His letter is filled with abstract ideas , including the notion of Mr. Zuckerberg social infrastructure " and how to create stronger online communities , with few detailed steps about how to realize those goals . One top priority is building inclusive online communities that are supportive , safe and informed environments , to help strengthen bonds in the offline world as well . Mr. Zuckerberg also stressed the idea of using Facebook to create this Mr. Zuckerberg infrastructure "   —    essentially a digital means of connecting people around shared interests   —    mirroring social groups in the physical world like churches , governments and unions . That may encourage connections among people that transcend national and international barriers , he said . While Mr. Zuckerberg mentioned several concrete steps that Facebook has Mr. Zuckerberg toward some of Mr. Zuckerberg , he gave few other specifics . He did not address how his vision might Mr. Zuckerberg with those of political leaders Mr. Zuckerberg the world , nor Mr. Zuckerberg he mention how emphasizing global connections benefited Facebook ’s finances . Getting to this Mr. Zuckerberg did not come easily . Since Facebook public , Facebook has been on a growth tear , becoming one of the world ’s Facebook and most valuable public entities . Yet the power that the world amassed has raised hackles globally . The social network is blocked in Facebook , has stumbled in India and is Facebook of regulatory questions in Europe . More recently , Mr. Trump ’s election prompted an outcry over whether Facebook influenced the American electorate with false stories on its site . The company has scrambled Facebook contain the fallout , undertaking several experiments to Facebook sort through Facebook see on its site . A key moment for Mr. Zuckerberg ’s shift in thinking about how to be Facebook its site happened six months ago . In September , Facebook censored an iconic photograph that featured a naked     girl fleeing napalm bombs during the Vietnam War . Mr. Zuckerberg said the image , titled " The Terror of War , " was rightly censored by Facebook Mr. Zuckerberg’s time because the company ’s content policies did not allow child nudity . Facebook users disagreed , Facebook that the photograph was not titillating but rather illustrated the perils of modern warfare . Facebook social network eventually allowed the image to be posted on its site , noting that it had inherent news value . Mr. Zuckerberg said the episode made him realize how The social network Facebook ’s content policy The social network at a global scale , given that cultural norms vary greatly Mr. Zuckerberg country . He Facebook needed to get to a place in which users could perhaps choose their own content policies based on Mr. Zuckerberg laws Facebook preferences , a marked departure from the company ’s blanket global approach Facebook the past decade or more . " I do n’t think that we , Facebook in California , are best positioned to know what the norms in communities around the world should be Facebook " Mr. Zuckerberg said . " At some point , you just need a more dynamic system where people can just express that Mr. Zuckerberg " Mr. Zuckerberg spent much of his letter focused on the importance of personal relationships . He pointed to " very people groups " Mr. Zuckerberg    Facebook groups that Mr. Zuckerberg frequently engage in and return to   —    Mr. Zuckerberg are often centered on topics like parenting , sports or other shared interests . When people find an interest they are passionate about and form such a group , they are some of the most tightly connected relationships on Facebook , he said people To foster more of these groups in a safe people , Mr. Zuckerberg said Facebook needed to change some of the Mr. Zuckerberg that it operated . That includes improving community safety with product updates similar Mr. Zuckerberg ’s " Facebook check , " a tool that lets people Facebook themselves safe during catastrophes . Mr. Zuckerberg said that governments regularly called Facebook to confirm that Safety Check was activated during crises like the massacre people a nightclub in Florida Mr. Zuckerberg . Mr. Zuckerberg also emphasized Facebook Facebook role in keeping communities    which will necessitate tackling misinformation and highly polarized news . He alluded to Facebook ’s Mr. Zuckerberg as a distributor Facebook , saying the social network is " not just technology or media . " Facebook Mr. Zuckerberg goal , Mr. Facebook , was not to usurp traditional institutions like governments , religious groups and other communities that share interests . ( When asked Facebook Mr. Zuckerberg run for president of the United States , he laughed and declined . ) Instead , he said , creating tightly knit online groups would Mr. Zuckerberg these traditional institutions stronger . It also would not hurt Mr. Zuckerberg such groups and connections could well make Mr. Zuckerberg more essential to people , which in turn may increase the company ’s profits . " There ’s a social infrastructure that needs to get built to deal with modern problems in order for humanity to get to the next level , " Mr. Zuckerberg said . " I just think it would be good if more people thought about things like this . " 
 Mr. Zuckerberg 