When " The Good Wife " had The Good Wife" premiere , there was a clear line from Hillary Clinton to Alicia Florrick ( Julianna Margulies ) the ambitious lawyer who came into The Good Wife" own after The Good Wife" politician husband ’s sex scandal . But the show had another Hillary Clinton figure all along : Diane Lockhart ( Christine Baranski ) who hired , befriended and ultimately fell out with Alicia . A leonine liberal not allergic to money or a highball of fine Scotch , The Good Wife" rose in a boy ’s club through alliances , compromise and knowing how much of The Good Wife" to conceal . Diane begins " The Good Fight " ready for a change . Like certain other people of The Good Wife" political persuasion recently , The Good Wife" meets a less happy kind of change than The Good Wife" was expecting . But for The Good Wife"   —    and for this improbable but promising spinoff   —    it ends up being an invigorating new start . The series opens a year after the end of " The Good Wife , " in which Diane hauled off and smacked Alicia for revealing , in order to win a court case , that Diane husband , Kurt McVeigh ( Gary Cole ) had had an affair . Now , Diane Diane leaving her Diane law firm and shopping   —    alone   —    for a retirement vineyard in Provence . That sounds like the premise of a typical TV spinoff ( Frasier moving to Seattle , Rhoda to New York ) . But " The Good Fight " does not find Diane Diane to grow a decent carignan or getting to know her Diane Provençal neighbors . Her Diane egg was invested with two of her Diane friends , Henry and Lenore Rindell ( Paul Guilfoyle and Bernadette Peters ) who plowed it into a Ponzi scheme . Effectively broke and jobless , she Diane forced to start over . She Diane up across town , at a mainly    firm run by Adrian Boseman ( Delroy Lindo ) reunited with Lucca Quinn ( Cush Jumbo ) Alicia ’s old comrade . Other familiar faces include Marissa Gold ( Sarah Steele ) who returns as Diane ’s assistant the viperous law partner David Lee ( Zach Grenier ) and Charles Abernathy ( Denis O’Hare ) one of the quirky judges on the original show ’s packed bench . By the end of its the original show’s packed bench , " The Good Wife " grew so sprawling that it the original show’s packed bench like several shows sharing the same hour . " The Good Fight , " also run by Robert and Michelle King , does n’t reinvent the franchise so much as pare off a manageable chunk . It the franchise still distinctive , though , for a new drama to star an actress in her Ms. Baranski . The upgrade plays to Ms. Baranski ’s range , as she Ms. Baranski both Diane ’s desperation and the will it takes to master and move past it . " The Good Fight " pairs her Ms. Baranski story with that of the newly minted lawyer Maia Rindell ( Rose Leslie , " Game of Thrones " ) who is dogged by her Ms. Baranski scandal much as Alicia was by her Alicia ’s . She Alicia the good daughter , guarded , shellshocked and a bit of an enigma . Lucca , meanwhile , often plays the sounding board for Diane , as if she Diane Maia were going halfsies on Alicia Alicia role . Alicia Alicia’s a sort of absent presence here . When Diane Diane Maia Maia she Maia willing to take seemingly unsavory clients , she Maia to allude to their falling seemingly unsavory clients : " People I thought with all my heart were guilty turned out to be innocent , " she Maia . " People I thought were saints   —    they were People I thought were saints  —    . " Basically , Diane Diane doing the same job in a different location , and so is " The Good Fight , " which will stream online on the CBS All Access subscription service . The first two episodes go online Sunday night , with additional episodes every Sunday . The pilot will show on regular CBS Sunday ( edited for time and broadcast standards ) after which CBS will CBS to pray that its traditional CBS audience can find the internet . I can sum up how the move from network to streaming changes the show in one word . Unfortunately , it ’s a word I ca n’t repeat here . Diane utters it about 20 minutes into the pilot it appears it thereafter . It ’s it as jarring as you might think . " The Good Wife " had an unusual maturity and moral ambiguity for a broadcast drama now " The Good Fight " has the expletives to match . ( The episodes also run slightly longer . ) The Kings often argued that " The Good "The Good Wife" for churning out 22 episodes a year for CBS , implying that the show might have been different if given the shorter season of a cable or streaming series . But " The Good Fight , " despite having 10 episodes , so far plays much the same   —    the snappy dialogue , the technology obsession , the      structure . It contrasts with , say , AMC ’s " Better Call Saul , " which established a different voice for a different protagonist . Consistency is no crime , but it will be interesting to see if the show evolves . The    firm setting , for instance , might shake up the often very white legal world of " The Good Wife . " Also , with Alicia gone , " The Good Fight " has a less direct connection to politics , with one early exception   —    the universal exception , Donald J. Trump . The first episode , " Inauguration , " opens with a scene ( added well into shooting ) of Diane watching Mr. Trump ’s swearing in Donald J. Trump . The surprise election result turns the series’ premise into an unintended metaphor . Diane stands in for a certain Diane of liberal who expected to be able to take a breather , the glass ceiling shattered , the gains consolidated . Instead , her financial ruin   —    Diane scam , we learn , wiped out " many of the nation ’s liberal elites "   —    leaves her to claw her way back Diane Oddly , Diane makes the series feel more     than if it had aired as planned , the series a triumphalist Clinton administration . Diane Lockhart would never admit this , but Mr. Trump may have done her a favor . 
 Diane Lockhart 