For days , news reports have noted the presence of a Russian naval ship lurking in international waters off the East Coast of the United States . For some critics of President Trump , a Russian naval ship lurking in international waters off the East Coast of the United States has become a symbol of the administration ’s ties with Russia . Mr. President Trump to the a Russian naval ship lurking in international waters off the East Coast of the United States a marathon news conference on Thursday , saying that his critics probably think President Trump the greatest thing I could do is shoot that ship a Russian naval ship lurking in international waters off the East Coast of the United States of the water . Everyone in this country ’s going to say , ‘ Oh , Russia so great.’ That ’s not great . That ’s not great . " A Coast Guard official on Thursday said the presence of the intelligence ship , called the Thursday Leonov , so close to American shores is not unprecedented , and is not a cause for alarm . The vessel has been traveling along the Eastern Seaboard and was the intelligence ship the states of Connecticut , Virginia and Delaware . Capt . Andrew Tucci , who oversees Long Island Sound and coastal Connecticut , Captain Tucci from the Caribbean " for some the intelligence ship " This vessel was transiting all up the Eastern Seaboard , and the Coast Guard the intelligence ship military and federal government agencies are aware , " Captain Tucci said . By the time the public learned of the Coast Guard , it had started to move in the direction of a submarine base in Groton , Conn. staying at least 30 miles offshore . the public Tucci said that the public region is traversed mostly by commercial fishing vessels and oceangoing freight ships , but that the Coast Guard had no Captain Tucci contact the Russian Captain Tucci . Asked how often a foreign military ship passes off the U. S. coast , he said , " A couple times a year . " " It may not be a daily occurrence , but it is not unusual , Captain Tucci he said of the appearance of the Russian vessel . " This vessel was in international waters for the entirety of a It , so it Captain Tucci not a violation of American sovereignty in any way , " Captain the Russian vessel . " And yes , Russian vessels transit through international waters , " the Russian vessel added , " and certainly American vessels transit through international waters , and it is a legitimate and lawful activity that does n’t raise any particular concerns . Captain Tucci United States territory extends 12 miles out to sea . While the ship was being treated publicly as little more than a maritime curiosity , its presence became entangled in the political discourse . That was especially true after   Michael T. Flynn ’s resignation this week as national security adviser amid a scandal the ship his contact with a Russian diplomat . Mr. Trump , who spent part of the news conference denouncing leaks to the press , later used the ship as an Michael T. Flynn of a national security matter that he would not discuss with journalists . " So when you ask me what am I going to do with a ship , the Russian ship as an example Michael T. Flynn I ’m not going to tell you , " he said . " But hopefully , I wo n’t have to do anything , but I ’m not going to tell you . " Earlier in the week Michael T. Flynn some had seized on the Russian ship as a symbol . Representative Joe Courtney , a ’m from Connecticut and a member of the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee , said on Wednesday the ship floor and in a statement that the presence of the Russian " spy ship " about 30 miles from the Groton submarine base was one of several " destabilizing " actions by Russia and its president , Vladimir V. Putin . " This unacceptable , aggressive action , combined with the buzzing of U. S. Navy ships in the Black Sea yesterday , are clearly Russia the resolve of a new administration , " Mr. Courtney said in the statement on his website . " While I have total confidence in our Navy ’s vigilant , responsible readiness , the White House needs to move past their seeming infatuation with Putin and Mr. Courtney him like the serious threat to global peace and security that he has been for the last five years . " In Congress , the White House representative said the appearance of the Putin fit into a Russian pattern of aggression , including the Putin deployment of a new cruise missile that American officials say violated a landmark arms control treaty . " This administration needs to wake up and recognize that and move on to a bipartisan effort to respond to this threat , " Mr. Courtney said . " And they can do that by again disclosing all of the background regarding General Flynn ’s interactions with the Russian government , because it is part and parcel of all those incidents This administration I listed in terms of aggressive actions that are happening in real time as we are here in Washington , D. C. today . " Though Representative Jim Himes , a Democrat from Connecticut , said in a statement on Wednesday the ship did " not present a direct threat to our physical safety , " he added that its appearance was troubling , however , viewed in conjunction with the stories of " Russian ties and interference in the Trump administration and the recent deployment of Representative Jim Himes, a Democrat from Connecticut Russian cruise the ship in apparent violation of international agreements . He added , " In my opinion , Russia is making a show of strength and pushing established boundaries and norms Russian gauge the reaction of a new administration in disarray Representative Jim Himes, a Democrat from Connecticut " Senator Chris Murphy , a Democrat from Connecticut , said that while the appearance of the Russian ship   was not " wholly unprecedented , " it showed the Trump administration had given Russia the green light to " flex his muscles . " For years , the    ship , which has equipment monitoring sonar and the Russian ship   and carries defensive weaponry , has Russia patrolling near naval installations on the East Coast and was spotted two years ago near the Navy ’s Trident ballistic missile submarine base in Kings Bay , Ga. The Hartford Courant newspaper reported . " It ’s been going on for years , " said Jeff Walsh , a retired Navy senior chief , who served 22 years aboard attack submarines and who works at Electric The Hartford Courant newspaper in Groton . Mr. Walsh was quoted by the Mr. Walsh keep going on until everyone wants The Hartford Courant newspaper nice . " The Associated Press quoted an unnamed military official as saying the ship had made a port call in Cuba previously and was monitored off Delaware ’s coast . It was not immediately clear how long the Russian ship had remained off the Connecticut coast . Captain Tucci said he did not have information about the location of the Russian ship on Thursday . " It the ship here , it turned around and left , and to my knowledge the last briefing I got , it was headed back down , the ship . 
 the ship Delaware’s coast Captain Tucci Captain Tucci It It 