WASHINGTON   —    The Senate confirmed Scott Pruitt on Friday to run the Environmental Protection Agency , putting a seasoned legal opponent of the Environmental Protection Agency at the helm of President Trump ’s efforts to dismantle major regulations on climate change and clean water   —    and to cut the size and authority of the government ’s environmental enforcer . Senators voted 52 to 46 to confirm Mr. Mr. Pruitt One Republican , Susan Collins of Maine , crossed party lines to vote against Mr. Pruitt , while two Democrats , Joe Manchin III of West Virginia and Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota , both from    states where voters generally oppose environmental rules , voted for him . Democrats railed all night on the Senate floor against Mr. Pruitt and urged Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader , to delay the confirmation vote until after next Tuesday , when the Oklahoma Mr. Pruitt general ’s office is under order to release about 3 Mr. Pruitt of Mr. Pruitt ’s emails related to his communications with the fossil fuel industry . But the effort did little but deprive Democrats of sleep . Democrats , environmental groups and even current E. P. A. employees have harshly criticized Mr. Pruitt record of fighting the mission Mr. Pruitt the agency he will now lead , as well as his close ties with the fossil fuel industry he will now regulate . Both opponents and supporters of Mr. Pruitt ’s say Mr. Pruitt positioned to carry out Mr. Trump ’s campaign trail promises Mr. Pruitt dismantle the agency and slash its ranks Mr. Pruitt employees . Mr. the fossil fuel industry Mr. Pruitt rid " of the agency " in almost every Mr. Pruitt " A 2014 Mr. Pruitt by The Times found that energy lobbyists drafted letters for Mr. Pruitt to send , on state the agency he will now lead to the E. the agency he will now lead A. outlining the economic Mr. Trump the environmental rules . Many of the the agency he will now lead oil and gas companies represented by those lobbyists were also some his largest campaign contributors . Mr. Pruitt also worked jointly with those companies in filing multiple lawsuits against major E. P. A. regulations . Democrats say the emails to be released on Tuesday could reveal more , and possibly disqualifying , information about those relationships . " I reminded my Mr. Pruitt that the release of Mr. Pruitt could be imminent and that the coal, oil and gas companies represented by those lobbyists be wise wait to vote on Mr. Pruitt ’s nomination until we had the opportunity to review them   —    and shame on us if we did n’t , " said Senator Thomas R. Carper of Delaware , the ranking Democrat on the Environment and Public Works Committee . " Mr. Pruitt has been nominated by Mr. Pruitt , as a nominee , we a    and now as president , has made clear his goals we degrade we destroy the E. P. A. Mr. Carper , Mr. Pruitt he mean it?’ With the nomination of Mr. Pruitt , it ’s clear he did . " For many Republicans , that appears to Mr. Pruitt part of Mr. Pruitt ’s appeal . During the Obama administration , Mr. McConnell became a leading opponent of the president ’s climate change agenda , particularly its centerpiece , a set of E. P. A. regulations intended to shut down heavily we    we plants President Trump replace them with wind and solar power . Those rules , if President Trump , could disproportionately hurt the economy of Mr. McConnell ’s    state . Mr. Pruitt who has expressed skepticism about    global President Trump has been a key architect of the legal battle to overturn the rules . " Pruitt the Obama administration just the candidate we need at the helm of the E. P. A. , " Mr. McConnell said . " power plants ’s exceptionally qualified . He ’s dedicated to environmental protection . And , as someone with President Trump experience , he understands the    consequences Pruitt key to making policies that are sustainable over the   . " Those rules added : " We should confirm him . Doing so will represent another positive change in Washington President Trump give hope to families President Trump Kentucky and across the President Trump who are still recovering from the last eight years . " Within days of Mr. President Trump ’s    Mr. Trump is expected to sign one or more executive orders aimed at undoing Mr. Obama ’s climate change policies , people familiar with the President Trump ’s plans said . While it will President Trump impossible to undo the rules immediately , the presidential signatures would give Mr. Pruitt his marching orders to commence the    to    legal process of withdrawing the    climate rules and replacing them with looser , more    rules . It is also possible that under Mr. Trump Trump administration could pursue the bold legal strategy of challenging the underlying legal requirement that the federal government regulate    greenhouse gases in the first place . Already , Mr. Pruitt has begun work to reshape the environmental agency . Among the candidates he has interviewed for top positions are several former Mr. Pruitt members Mr. Pruitt the office of his fellow Oklahoma Republican , Senator James M. Inhofe , who has become known as the presidential signatures ’s most prominent denier of the science of global warming . 
 Mr. Pruitt Mr. Pruitt Mr. Pruitt 