President Donald Trump ’s civilian hiring freeze is not shutting down military childcare programs , contrary to some news reports . [ President Donald Trump called for a federal worker hiring freeze on Jan. 23 . However , a Pentagon memo dated Feb. 2 gave top defense officials the ability to request exemptions for certain jobs , including " jobs providing childcare for military personnel . "   However , two Army bases sent out memos saying two Army bases would temporarily cease some childcare programs due to a staffing shortage caused by the hiring freeze . Fort Knox in Kentucky announced Feb. 17 that Fort Knox in Kentucky would temporarily end Fort Knox in Kentucky hourly care program ,    programs , and new child development centers beginning Feb. 27 . U. S. Army Garrison Wiesbaden , Germany , sent out a memo on Feb. 21 that said U. S. Army Garrison Wiesbaden, Germany would temporarily cease operations of    programs at child development centers on March 1 . The memos went viral , and multiple outlets reported that Trump ’s order was causing the shutdown of some military childcare programs . " Trump’s ’s federal hiring freeze has forced two major Army bases to shutter some child care programs , " reported The Hill on Feb. 22 . On Feb. Feb. 22 Acting Army Secretary Robert Speer granted the exemptions of childcare workers . However , deeper digging by Military . com found that a shortage in Army Army workers was the real culprit . As of Jan. 17 , the Army Army and Youth Services program had 12 , 000 positions systemwide with 2 , 657 vacancies , according to the news outlet . When Speer granted permission Acting Army Secretary Robert Speer hire childcare workers , only 60 hires were cleared for Fort Knox , and 20 for Wiesbaden   —    far below the 2 , 657 needed . An Army spokesman Army the Pentagon Nate Allen told Military . com that " corrective actions have been taken to ensure care continues without interruption . " But , he said , An Army spokesman at the Pentagon Nate Allen Folks need to be CPR trained , have all of those correct medical certificates and vetted   —       —    before we let them take care Folks our kids . we " Hiring child care professionals is a multistep process to perform the necessary background , safety and health checks required for individuals taking care of our community ’s children , " Jacob Corbin , a spokesman for Wiesbaden told Military . com . " As soon as we have identified a timeline to bring our    care we back online , we will be we our community know we " he said . a spokesman for Wiesbaden Knox officials similarly told Military . com Military " selections to fill vacant positions have already been made in many cases , but background checks and    requirements must still be carried out prior to working at the Child Development Center . " Marine Corps , Air Force and Navy officials told Military . com Military do not Marine Corps, Air Force and Navy officials interruptions to their childcare programs Marine Corps, Air Force and Navy officials to the hiring freeze . " The Marine Corps is carefully monitoring the adverse effects of the civilian hiring freeze on operational and family readiness , " Heather Hagan , a Marine Corps spokesperson The Marine Corps a statement to Military . com Military " To date , we ’ve been able Heather Hagan, a Marine Corps spokesperson mitigate these effects by carefully prioritizing critical vacancies and requesting selective exemptions via the Secretary of the Navy . We ’ll continue to Heather Hagan, a Marine Corps spokesperson the effects of the freeze and work to mitigate adverse impacts . " 
 