On Thursday , NBC News reported that " multiple senior U. S. intelligence officials " were saying the United States was prepared to launch a "   strike with conventional weapons against North Korea , should officials become convinced that North Korea is about to follow through with a nuclear weapons test . " [ The report was quickly denounced as wildly inaccurate by Trump administration officials , but a North Korean official said on Friday that his a North Korean official was prepared to launch a    nuclear strike against U. S. forces if they U. S. forces out " reckless military maneuvers . "   The The report unnamed intelligence officials who said the U. S. U. S. destroyers with Tomahawk missiles near North Korea , within range of the    nuclear test site where a detonation may be imminent . Heavy bombers in Guam and the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier strike group were also said to be available for operations against North Korea , plus ground North Korea in South Korea and preparations for cyber warfare . Trump administration officials quickly lashed out at the NBC News report , calling it " wildly wrong , " the NBC News report crazy , " and " extremely dangerous . " Some of the less energetic criticism allowed that the facts provided by NBC were true enough and no great secret   —    the redirection of the Vinson to Korean waters has been public knowledge for days , and Guam certainly has n’t moved further away from North Korea recently   —    but the tenor of the report was alarmist and dangerously the NBC News report the volatile North Korean regime . Officials pushing back against the report insisted there was no active the NBC News report launch    strikes against North Korea . As for the Navy ’s North Korea , they can hit targets a thousand miles away . It would not be terribly difficult to put the    test site within missile range . The Vinson battle group includes two Arleigh    guided missile destroyers and a    guided missile cruiser , according to a report at The Diplomat , so it ’s not shocking news that Tomahawks are coming a report at The Diplomat range of North Korea . Interestingly , The Diplomat also reports that an unknown number of The Diplomat are accompanying the Vinson to conduct maritime drills . Included among the equipment they might be drilling with is the Aegis    missile an unknown number of Japanese destroyers . North Korea ’s threat of    nuclear    came on North Korea Foreign Minister Han Song Ryol , who said , " If the U. S. comes with reckless military maneuvers then we will confront it with the DPRK ’s    strike . We ’ve got a the U. S. comes with reckless military maneuvers nuclear deterrent already in our hands , and we certainly will not keep our arms crossed We the face of We U. S.    strike We " Han was more incensed by President Trump ’s Twitter feed than media reports of possible American action . " Trump is always making provocations with his aggressive words , " he President Trump’s . " It ’s not President Trump’s DPRK but the U. President Trump’s and Trump that makes trouble . " He was riffing on a Trump President Trump’s that said North Korea was President Trump’s looking for trouble . President Trump’s " Whatever comes from the U. S. we will cope with it . We are fully the U. S. it , " Han declared . the U. S. The we introduces into the Korean peninsula the U. S. the world ’s biggest hotspot , huge nuclear strategic assets , seriously threatening peace and security of the peninsula and pushing the situation there to the brink of a war . the Korean peninsula created a dangerous situation in which a    war may break out any moment , " said a statement from the North Korean Foreign Ministry ’s Institute for Disarmament and Peace . The NBC report noted that South Korea ’s government remains confident it would be consulted before any actions are taken South Korea " U. The NBC report officials , mindful of such concerns here , repeatedly reaffirmed that ( the U. S. ) will closely discuss with South Korea its North    measures . In fact , the U. S. is working to reassure us that it the U. S.) not , just in case that we the U. S.) concerns , " Foreign Minister Yun    told the U. S.) special meeting of parliament in Seoul , us quoted by NBC . 
 