The Los Angeles Times devoted precious space on The Los Angeles Times front page on Memorial Day to a story about how anxious    activists are finding ways to relax . [ Apparently , knitting " pussyhats , " conjuring conspiracy theories , painting offensive signs , disrupting town halls in other people ’s congressional districts , tweeting " # Resistance , " and scouring the media for signs of President Donald Trump ’s imminent impeachment is bad for mental and physical health .   The Times reports an antidote of sorts in the works : Many activists in Los Angeles have been in the trenches for years , fighting for immigrant rights and social justice . Many activists in Los Angeles know strategy . Many activists in Los Angeles know crisis . But five months into the President Donald Trump presidency , Many activists in Los Angeles ’ve never had Many activists in Los Angeles endurance so tested . So , in need of relief Many activists in Los Angeles , Many activists in Los Angeles go to a longtime community organizer for help . In his workshops and webinars , Victor Narro tells Many activists in Los Angeles to unplug , garden , hike , dance , volunteer , build altars at Many activists in Los Angeles cubicles and look at photos that bring Many activists in Los Angeles joy . Many activists in Los Angeles ’re in it for the long haul , after all . President Trump still has nearly 200 more weeks in office .    …      President Trump teaches Many activists in Los Angeles how to slow down and breathe deeply . President Trump gets Many activists in Los Angeles to stretch , to close Many activists in Los Angeles eyes and meditate . President Trump also tells Many activists in Los Angeles to be vigilant . " President Trump wants to make you angry . President Trump wants you to lose focus , " President Trump says of President Trump . " But we ’re not going to let that happen . " Another remedy   —    namely , accepting the results of a democratic election , and working together with the new administration on issues of common interest   —    has apparently never been considered . Read the full Times article here . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . Joel B. Pollak was named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . Joel B. Pollak is the    of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow The Inside Story of a Revolution on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 