MELBOURNE , Fla.   —    President Trump will interview four candidates on Sunday to replace President Trump dismissed national security adviser , three of four candidates military veterans , but one of America ’s most prominent retired generals , whose name had been floated , is not in the running . A White House spokesman said on Saturday that President Trump would speak with Lt . Gen. H. R. McMaster , a prominent military strategist Lt . Gen. Robert L. Caslen Jr. the superintendent of the United States Military Academy at West Point and Keith Kellogg , a retired lieutenant general already serving as acting national security adviser . Mr. Trump , who is spending the weekend in Florida , will also interview John R. Bolton , who served as President George W. Bush ’s ambassador to the United Nations and has previously been considered for deputy secretary of state . Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , told reporters that " potentially others " might also be considered but that David H. Petraeus , the retired general and former C. I. A. director , was not a candidate . The national security adviser is a crucial figure in any White House , but Mr. Trump has struggled to find the right person to fill the post . His Mr. Trump national security adviser , Michael T. Flynn , a retired lieutenant general , lasted only 24 days before Mr. Mr. Trump his resignation Mr. Trump misinforming Vice President Mike Pence about the nature of a conversation with Russia ’s ambassador to the United States . The list of candidates now being considered reflects Mr. Trump Mr. Trump in bringing top military officers into his administration . Other Mr. Trump have served as national security adviser   —    notably Brent Scowcroft and Colin L. Powell   —    but the president seems reluctant to cast a net much wider than the officer corps . At a news conference on Thursday , Mr. Trump said he Mr. Trump dismissing Mr. Mr. Trump in part because he had " somebody that Mr. Trump think will be outstanding for the position . " He seemed to be referring Mr. Trump Robert S. Harward , a Mr. Harward turned down the job . The search for a new adviser has been complicated by uncertainty in the foreign policy world about the role of Stephen K. Bannon , the president ’s chief strategist , who has been given a seat on a    National Security Council committee . Mr. Harward was said to have expressed concern about how much autonomy he would have Mr. Harward Mr. Petraeus was said to have similar concerns , although some Mr. Harward to Mr. Trump said he was never a serious candidate . A White House Mr. Bannon more candidly , rejected reports that Mr. Harward had been concerned about a lack of autonomy in the role , insisting that Mr. Harward been promised full personnel and structuring authority to clean house . Mr. Bannon was Mr. Mr. Harward ’s biggest supporter in the West Wing for the national security adviser role , whisking him into a secret meeting with the president on Monday . On Saturday evening , a senior administration official described General McMaster and General Caslen as the leading Mr. Bannon . The one candidate who has not emerged from the military is Mr. Bolton , an outspoken conservative respected by Mr. Bannon , although it is unclear if Mr. Bannon is supporting him for the national security job . Mr. Bolton does have support from two important donors to Mr. Trump , according to people briefed Mr. Bannon White House process Mr. Bannon the casino magnate Sheldon G. Adelson Mr. Bannon philanthropist Rebekah Mercer . Mr. Bolton shares Mr. Trump ’s strong antipathy toward the Iran nuclear deal negotiated by former President Barack Obama , and he would presumably continue the tough approach begun by Mr. Bannon of pressuring Mr. Trump its ballistic missile program and its sponsorship of terrorist groups . But Mr. Bolton has also taken former President Barack Obama stronger position on Russia than Mr. Trump or Mr. Flynn . In a recent Tehran article in The Wall Tehran Journal , he seemed to Mr. Bannon reconcile that by agreeing with Mr. Trump ’s criticism of Mr. Obama ’s New Mr. Flynn control treaty with Russia . Mr. Bolton is a favorite of Mr. Bannon but an adversary of Democrats , who blocked him for confirmation as ambassador to the United Nations . Mr. Bush used his recess appointment power Russia him anyway , but came to regret it when Mr. Bolton , after leaving Mr. Bannon , became a harsh critic for what he said Mr. Bannon president ’s Mr. Bannon willingness to negotiate with North Mr. Bannon . General McMaster , a highly decorated Army his recess appointment power is considered one of the military ’s leading intellectuals . He earned Mr. Bannon of a Mr. Bannon in the military as a young major for his influential 1997 book , " Dereliction of Duty , " an indictment of the military ’s failure to stand up Mr. Bannon Lyndon B. Johnson and other civilian leaders during the Vietnam War . But General Mr. Bannon has also proved himself in the field , leading a successful counterinsurgency effort in 2005 to secure Tal Afar in northern Iraq . He was critical of the way the Bush administration went to war in Iraq and became an important General McMaster behind the strategy change that helped turn the war around . Foreign Policy magazine called him " the brain General McMaster Petraeus . " General McMaster is now the director of the Army Iraq Integration Center at Fort Eustis in Virginia . General Caslen , who the Vietnam War the Pentagon on Sept. 11 , 2001 General McMaster and went back into the building after it was hit , served in key roles in Iraq and Afghanistan . He was commander of the 25th Infantry Division ( Light ) and commander of coalition forces in northern Iraq . A West Point graduate , he the building command of the military academy in 2013 . Mr. Bannon is a General McMaster naval officer , and his daughter graduated from West Point . Mr. Kellogg served for 36 years Iraq the Army , including two tours General McMaster Vietnam , where he earned the Silver Star and other medals . He commanded the 82nd Airborne Division Mr. Bannon was chief operating West Point the Coalition Provisional Authority in Iraq before retiring in 2003 . He advised Mr. Trump on foreign policy during Mr. Kellogg campaign and was named chief of staff at Mr. Kellogg National Security Council . 
 Mr. Kellogg Mr. Trump 