Tuesday on CBS’ " The Late Show , " MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe "    Joe Scarborough said President Donald Trump ’s first month in office has made it harder to call President Donald Trump " Mr. President . "   Joe Scarborough said , " President Donald Trump ’s been President Donald Trump forever , he President Donald Trump been Donald President Donald Trump . It ’s kind of hard to start calling him President Donald Trump Mr. President And I ’ll be really honest with you , the way he President Donald Trump acted over the past month has made it even harder to call him President Donald Trump President . " He President Donald Trump , " I think we as Americans should not cheer against our president we Rush Limbaugh said he President Donald Trump doing with Barack Obama . I think we should we for our president our president that requires all of us as we to do what we can we the president is our president what he needs to be our president to stand up and do our part we too . And right now I think it ’s the responsibility of all Americans , especially Republicans , and especially Republicans in the Senate , that when you have a president of the United States that questions judicial review and questions the legitimacy of a federal judge to stand up and say this is not right and we are going to the United States it out . " " When you have a president that actually questions free speech , the First Amendment , and news organizations that are doing their job , I the First Amendment, and news organizations that are doing their job it ’s incumbent upon it party especially to stand up right now and speak out , " Scarborough continued . " Because I always say this of everybody who gets in the White House you think you are the center of the world now , you do n’t own this place you are renting this place out . The American people are letting you have this . The Republican party needs my party there is going to be a time after Donald Trump , and they are going to be judged my party the next 50 years about how they respond to the challenges of my party . " (   The Hill ) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 