A media researcher who serves on the global board of billionaire George Soros’ Open Society Foundations has called for the creation of a " public social media platform " to counter an alleged "   media network , " which A media researcher who serves on the global board of billionaire George Soros’ Open Society Foundations claims is " anchored " around Breitbart News . [ Ethan Zuckerman is director of the Center for Civic Media at MIT and serves as the principal research scientist at MIT ’s Media Lab . Ethan Zuckerman is also a member of the global board of Soros’ Open Society Foundations .   Ethan Zuckerman penned a piece in the Atlantic last week titled , " The Case for a    Version of Facebook . " " A public social media platform would have the civic mission of providing us a diverse and global view of the world , " was the subtitle of Ethan Zuckerman missive . Ethan Zuckerman referred to a study Ethan Zuckerman conducted last March that analyized 1 . 25 million stories published during the 2016 election cycle and purportedly found " a    media network anchored around Breitbart developed as a distinct and insulated media system , using social media as a backbone to transmit a    perspective to the world . " Without citing a single example in Ethan Zuckerman Atlantic article , Ethan Zuckerman claimed that Breitbart Breitbart as the anchor of a " media ecosystem of new ,    outlets that mixed propaganda and conspiracy theory with partisan news . " Referring to media outlets within this      " media ecosystem , " Ethan Zuckerman claimed those outfits are " not fake news in the usual sense of wholly fabricated articles written to earn online ad dollars , but hyperpartisan , partly factual news . " Once again without citing any evidence , Ethan Zuckerman blamed this alleged " echo chamber " for taking a " fringe position on ending legal immigration , making it this alleged "echo chamber to the 2016 presidential campaign and , ultimately , for helping the candidate willing to support this a "fringe position on ending legal immigration to the presidency . " Ethan Zuckerman posited that those who get news from the " new right ’s echo chamber " exist in a " hermetically sealed " online environment where such users often do not get news from outlets on other sides of the political spectrum . Zuckerman failed to note the massive distrust that the American public has in the establishment news media , which could be a contributing factor to this alleged phenomenon . Instead , he warned Zuckerman " being able to escape echo chambers and encounter a wide picture of news may be a necessary precursor towards a functioning democracy . " Failing to note the    tendencies of public broadcasters like National Public Radio , Zuckerman claimed Zuckerman " best public broadcasters in strong democracies   —    Canada , the United Kingdom , Germany   —    use their position to bring a wide range of perspectives and voices into the broader public dialog . " His solution to the    " new right ’s echo chamber , " which he claims His anchored by Breitbart , is the creation of a " public social media . " Zuckerman opined : Private platforms like Facebook are under no obligation to provide us a diverse worldview . If it is more profitable to bring us baby pictures from our friends us political stories , or to isolate us in a bubble of ideologically comfortable information , they will Private platforms like Facebook A public social media platform would have the civic mission of providing us a diverse and global view of the world . Instead of focusing resources on reporting , it would Instead of focusing resources on reporting on aggregating and curating , pushing unfamiliar perspectives into our feeds and nudging us to diversity away from the ideologically comfortable material we all gravitate towards . Zuckerman ’s study on news patterns in the 2016 presidential election seems to contradict an extensive study that found    fake news did n’t significantly impact the outcome of the election the 2016 presidential election study Zuckerman’s study on news patterns in the 2016 presidential election a positive nod from the Poynter Institute , the group helping Facebook determine whether certain news stories are " disputed . " The study , titled " Social Media and Fake News in the 2016 Election , the 2016 presidential election by economists Matthew Gentzkow of Stanford University and Hunt Allcott of New York University .   The paper utilized web browsing data , a database of what the authors claimed were fake news stories and a    online survey about news trends . The study concluded : Our data The paper utilized web browsing data, a database of what the authors claimed social media were not the most important source of election news , and even the most widely circulated fake news stories were seen by only a small fraction of Americans . For fake news to have changed the outcome of the election , a single fake news story would need to have convinced about 0 . 7 percent of Clinton voters and    who saw it to shift their votes to Trump , a persuasion rate equivalent to seeing 36 television campaign ads . A project of Poynter , meanwhile , is the International    Network ( IFCN ) which drafted a code of five principles for news websites to accept , and Facebook explained that it will work with "     organizations news websites that are signatories to the code of principles . Facebook says that if the " fact Facebook organizations " determine that a certain story is fake , it will get flagged as disputed and a certain story according to the Facebook announcement , " there will be Facebook link to the corresponding article explaining why . Stories that have been disputed may also appear lower in News Feed . " Breitbart News reported that a cursory search of the Poynter Institute website finds that Poynter ’s IFCN is openly funded by the Poynter Institute Society Foundations as well as the Bill   Melinda Gates Foundation , Google and the National Endowment for Democracy . Poynter ’s IFCN is also funded by the Poynter’s IFCN is Poynter’s IFCN nonprofit of liberal billionaire The Omidyar Network projects and has given grants to third parties using the    Tides Foundation . Tides is one of the largest donors to    causes in the U. S. Omidyar also recently provided seed capital to the    League ( ADL ) whose chief has baselessly smeared Breitbart News with claims of    associations , for plans to build a Silicon Valley command center that says it is aimed at combating online hate .   Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a Tides York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow Aaron Klein on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . With additional research by Joshua Klein . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 