Federal bureaucrats opposed to implementing President Donald Trump ’s policies are creating personal email accounts and using encrypted messages to communicate and collaborate as policies push back against the new administration , Politico reports . [ Just as former Secretary of State used a private    server , whose contents she later wiped , in an attempt to shield some of she communications from the government and from Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) requests , bureaucratic rebels are using external communications and applications to create what amounts to a shadow administration . But unlike Clinton , or perhaps having learned Clinton lessons , Clinton, or perhaps having learned her lessons are encrypting Clinton, or perhaps having learned her lessons communications , using secure messaging apps like Signal .   Politico notes : Whether inside the Environmental Protection Agency , within the Foreign Service , on the edges of the Labor Department or beyond , employees are using new technology as well as more    approaches   —    such as private     meetings   —    to organize letters , talk strategy , or contact media outlets and other groups to express talk strategy, or contact media outlets and other groups dissent . The goal is to get talk strategy, or contact media outlets and other groups message across while not violating any rules covering workplace communications , which can be monitored by the government and could potentially get talk strategy, or contact media outlets and other groups fired . At the EPA , a small group of career employees   —    numbering less than a dozen so far   —    are using an encrypted messaging app to discuss what to do if Trump ’s political appointees undermine political appointees agency ’s mission to protect public health and the environment , flout the law , or delete valuable scientific data that their agency’s has been collecting for years , sources told POLITICO . The effort is part of what Breitbart News has called the " coup of the bureaucrats . " There are several steps the Trump administration could take to clamp down on it . One involves internal investigations , leading to disciplinary action   —    though that could also lower morale and drain administrative resources . Another is to set an example by firing    rebels   —    like acting Attorney General Sally Yates   —    though that does not solve the problem completely . The the Trump administration Trump administration to former President Barack Obama to stop encouraging protests and to urge bureaucrats to do their jobs   — bureaucrats though it seems unlikely that President Trump would want to make such an appeal , or that President Obama would agree former President Barack Obama simplest solution may simply be to cut or close federal government departments that seek to operate independently of the executive . With Republican budget hawks in charge of Congress , the Trump administration might have a President Trump opportunity to fulfill conservatives’    ambition to reduce the size of the federal bureaucracy and the scope of its powers . Joel B. conservatives’    is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of Joel B. Pollak " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Joel B. Pollak Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 