" In 80 days , [ President Trump ] has done more to correct the world than President Obama did in 8 years . "   @LindseyGrahamSC pic . twitter .   . @LindseyGrahamSC says he ’s now " all in " with President Trump] pic . twitter .   On Wednesday ’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel ’s " Fox   Friends , " Senator Lindsey Graham ( ) said that on foreign policy " I am like the happiest dude in America right now . We ’ve got a president and a national security team that I have been dreaming of   …     he " Senator Lindsey Graham ( ) done more to correct the world   —    President Trump   —    than Obama did in 8 years .    …      I am all in . Keep it up , Donald . "   Graham " Senator Lindsey Graham ( ) by saying , " I think we dodged a bullet with healthcare . I ’m not so sure the House bill would have done much better fixing Obamacare . It the House bill probably       people say . I would let it the House bill because it the House bill . It the House bill so poorly designed . I would tell the Democrats , you created this mess , let me help you fix it this mess " And " When it comes to taxes , we better cut your taxes , or we ’ll pay a price in 2018 . If you ca n’t get all Republicans on board for a tax idea , then we ’re going to have to maybe marry it up with infrastructure . " When the discussion turned to foreign policy , Graham stated , " I am like the happiest dude in America right now . We ’ve got a president and a national security team that I have been dreaming of for 8 years . So , in 80 days he Graham done more to correct the world   —    President Trump   —    than Obama did in 8 years . We We a letter to our We buddy the Ayatollah , hey , knock it a letter .    …      North Korea , if I were Kim    whatever his Kim    is , I would listen to Mike Pence . The fact that the vice president of the United States went to the DMZ , looked across the way , and said , we ’re watching you . Donald Trump is not going to let this nutjob in North North Korea a missile to hit America , the United States if I were North Korea North Korea , I ’d start thinking anew about the president of the United States the United States added , " I Donald Trump really pleased what he ’s done to rebuild Donald Trump military , to restore our standing . I want our cut taxes and reform healthcare . He ’s got the best Donald Trump security team I ’ve seen since I ’ve been in government . I am all in . Keep it up , Donald . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 