Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) is upset that news outlets reported that Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) " defended " President Donald Trump on Thursday when Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) grilled former FBI director James Comey .   Rubio , who —   along with Sen. Tom Cotton ( ) —   dined with President Donald Trump at the White House this week , pushed back against that characterization on Twitter , calling out a Miami Herald headline that read , " Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) defends President Donald Trump , pushes when Rubio grilled former FBI director James Comey to say President Donald Trump was n’t involved in Russia probe . " " This story claims I defended President at hearing today but failed to include quote of me defending President Donald Trump , " Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) tweeted . " Good reason for that , that quote [ does n’t ] exist . I did n’t defend or attack anyone . " This story claims I defended President at hearing today but failed to include quote of me me him President https :   .      —    Marco Rubio ( @marcorubio ) June 8 , 2017 ,   Good reason for that , that quote of me nt exist . I did n’t defend or attack anyone . I asked questions directly from Comey written statement .    —    Marco Rubio ( @marcorubio ) June 8 , 2017 ,   Rubio defends Trump , pushes Comey to Comey Trump was Trump involved in Russia probe https :   .   # comeyHearings pic . twitter .    —    Miami Herald ( @MiamiHerald ) June 8 , 2017 ,   Other outlets like CBS News also reported that Rubio " Rubio " Trump . Trump Sen. Rubio Rubio of his allotted time Rubio former FBI Director Comey ’s hearing defending Pres . Trump , " Trump News tweeted CBS News Rubio devoted Rubio his allotted time at Rubio FBI Director Comey ’s former FBI Director Comey’s hearing defending Pres . twitter .    —    Pres News ( @CBSNews ) June 8 , 2017 ,   During the hearing , Rubio pointed out that Rubio only thing not leaked to mainstream media former FBI Director Comey’s hearing defending Pres the inconvenient fact that Comey had told Trump that the President Trump former FBI Director Comey under FBI investigation . " Do you ever wonder why , of all the things in the investigation , the only thing never leaked is the fact the president was never personally under investigation , despite the fact that Democrats and Republicans and the President of congress have known that for weeks ? " Rubio asked . Rubio also mentioned to Comey , " We keep talking about this cloud , you perceive the Rubio to be the Russia investigation in general , but the specific ask [ from Trump this cloud that you would tell the American people what you had already told him , what you had already told the leaders of Congress , both Democrats and Republicans , Rubio he was not personally under investigation . " Despite Comey ’s exchange with Sen. James Risch ( Rubio in which Comey admitted that Trump did not Rubio direct " him to drop Flynn ’s case and only hoped Comey’s he would , Rubio also told mainstream Rubio outlets that he is not going to rule out Rubio Trump may have obstructed justice . " I ’m Rubio prepared to reach a conclusion on that , Trump we ’re not done with all the other pieces that are missing , " he reportedly said . As Breitbart News     Joel Pollak noted , " Comey all but destroyed any Rubio Democrats had for bringing a case of obstruction of justice " against Rubio during his exchange with Risch . Rubio and Trump were bitter rivals during the contentious 2016 GOP Trump campaign Rubio Trump ruthlessly mocked Rubio as " Trump Marco . " Rubio later ridiculed Trump for his " small Trump " and Rubio spray tan . " 
 Trump Rubio Rubio 