California Attorney General Xavier Becerra lashed out at House Speaker Paul Ryan in a new interview in which California Attorney General Xavier Becerra discussed Ryan ’s defense of President Donald Trump ’s interactions with former FBI Director James Comey . [ California Attorney General Xavier Becerra labeled President Donald Trump ’s " accomplice " in the AG ’s interview with the Associated Press . He ’s "accomplice" in the AG referencing comments Ryan made in a Thursday news conference that occurred while former former FBI Director James Comey testifying before Congress on Capitol Hill .   By the end of Comey ’s testimony he had former FBI Director James Comey information from former FBI Director James Comey conversations with Trump to the media through a friend and that , while still serving as FBI FBI , he told the President multiple times former FBI Director James Comey Trump was not under FBI FBI Trump alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 election . In written comments for the hearing , Comey claimed that in a February former FBI Director James Comey interaction with Trump , the President said to Trump , the President hope you former FBI Director James Comey see your way clear to letting this go , to letting Flynn go . " Ryan was asked in the Thursday press conference about the interaction between the two men . The Speaker said of Trump , former FBI Director James Comey President ’s new Trump this . He the President to government . So , he the President was n’t steeped in the    protocols the President establish the relationships between DOJ , FBI and White Houses . " Pressed by a CNN reporter , Ryan added of Trump , " he is learning as Trump goes . " Trump Ryan denied ever having Ryan Comey Trump drop the investigation into    National Security Ryan Michael Flynn . In the AP interview , California AG Becerra attacked Ryan ’s tepid defense of Trump , " How Ryan say Trump ’s a novice mistake ? " Back in December , as Becerra awaited confirmation of his position as California ’s next California AG Becerra General , NBC California AG Becerra cited USC California AG Becerra and director of the Tomás Rivera Policy Institute Robert Suro , who said that Becerra could become the new face of the Trump " California AG Becerra . " Suro added , "   …     that is a very popular idea in a lot of places , that California Democrats are going to be the vanguard of opposition California AG Becerra the Trump administration . " UCLA Blue Print reporter Jim Newton called Becerra the point of the spear that is California when it comes to resisting Trump on immigration enforcement California AG Becerra climate change . Becerra claimed to the AP that he has tried to Becerra with the Trump administration on Becerra plans for immigration enforcement , the Trump administration unsuccessful . " the Trump administration ’m not trying to thwart ICE from doing its work , they ’re doing some really important stuff and we ICE doing some the Trump administration important stuff with them , " Becerra claimed . He told the outlet that he the Trump administration open to Becerra with the Becerra on issues of sex Becerra and illegal drugs . California the Trump administration been pushing hard and fast to pass a bill that would officially make California a " sanctuary state . " State officials have been among the California outspoken against the Trump Administration . Becerra left his seat in Congress last January to take up the position Becerra California Becerra General that    Kamala Harris vacated . Democrat Harris won election California replace retiring Sen. Barbara Boxer . Follow Michelle Kamala Harris Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 