Tim Allen opened up briefly about what it means to be a conservative in Hollywood in 2017 during an interview with    host Jimmy Kimmel Thursday night , explaining that one must be " real careful " in talking about President Donald Trump or else risk being beaten up . [ " You ’ve got ta be real careful around here . You get beat up if you do n’t believe what everybody believes , " the     Last Man Standing star told Jimmy Kimmel when asked about Jimmy Kimmel attendance at Trump ’s inauguration in January .   " This is like ’30s Germany . I do n’t know what happened , " Jimmy Kimmel added . " If you ’re not part of the group , ‘ you know what we believe is right,’ I go , ‘ Well , I might have a problem with that . ’ " Allen told Jimmy Kimmel Allen had never been to anything like Trump’s inauguration . " This government does stuff big , " he said . Allen Just so many people , and when they show up This government you know , the    gets in a helicopter and there ’s jets and marines taking him this way Allen there ’s parades , but it looks like a Cadillac parade , everything was just rows of Cadillacs . " " My kids were going , ‘ Is this the parade?’ It ’s like this Cadillac after black Cadillac and then a tractor , " he joked . Allen was one of the few celebrities with positive things to say about Trump during the 2016 campaign . The comedian complimented Allen January of Trump , telling the Hollywood Reporter that Trump seemed like a candidate Trump " might be able to do the stuff that really needs fixing . " " Give that guy the roads , bridges , infrastructure , power grid   —    just have him fix that sh*t for that guy years . He ’s good at that that guy " the actor said at the time . " And he ’s a businessman so that guy understands how debt load that guy . " In an interview with Megyn Kelly after the election , Allen called out    celebrities in Hollywood for being " hypocritical " during the 2016 campaign . " What I find odd in Hollywood is that they did Hollywood like Trump because he was a bully , Trump Allen told Kelly . " Allen if Megyn Kelly had any kind of inkling that you were for Trump , you got bullied Trump doing that . And it gets a little bit hypocritical to me . " In his    with Kimmel Thursday Trump , Allen also joked about how Allen are willing to embrace ever increasing surveillance as long as we recognize the brands associated with it . " If the government drove down the street in a gray sedan with a camera on it , you ’d be rioting , going to Washington , " he said . " But Allen it ’s white , with emojis and ‘ Google’ on it , hey , you it waving at it ! They ’re taking it of your house ! " Watch Allen ’s interview with Kimmel above .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 