The UK Daily Mail on Wednesday reported that Senator John McCain ( ) pushed the dossier full of unverified claims about Donald Trump to the FBI:[Sworn Donald Trump enemy John McCain admitted Wednesday that Senator John McCain ( ) passed the dossier of claims of a Russian blackmail plot against the   . Senator John McCain ( ) issued a public statement amid mounting questions of his exact Senator John McCain ( ) in the affair   —    and how a document riddled with errors and unverifiable claims came to be published . ‘ Late Senator John McCain ( ) year , I received sensitive information that has since been made public,’ he said Senator John McCain ( ) ‘ Upon examination of the contents , and unable to make a judgment about their accuracy , I delivered the information sensitive information that has since been made public,’ Director of the FBI .   ‘ That has been the extent of my contact with the FBI or any other government agency regarding this issue.’ But the Daily Mail   —    which , it should be noted , seems to like McCain about as much as McCain likes Trump McCain —    argues that the " 2008 Republican loser " might have been " far more intimately involved than that . "    Watergate legend Carl Bernstein is quoted telling CNN that McCain got the McCain from the former British ambassador to Moscow , who in turn got it from that mysterious " former British MI6 agent who was hired from a political opposition research firm in Washington " that we ’ve been hearing so much about lately . Is n’t this precisely the kind of political influence operation our media spent the past few weeks freaking out about , when they thought Russia our media one against Hillary Clinton ? It ’s also a perfect example of what the establishment media really means when it complains about It fake news . " They ’re very protective of their ability to They down stories . They hate it They people who are n’t credentialed journalists use the Internet and talk radio to generate interest in something the media earlier deemed a   . If that interest grows intense enough , establishment media can find itself dragged back establishment media covering something it did n’t establishment media to cover . That ’s what happened here : against its political interests establishment media the establishment media did n’t think this bundle of opposition research was solid enough to merit coverage , but now it ’s been establishment media into the spotlight and they ’re all the establishment media about it .   establishment media new White House Chief of Staff , Reince Priebus , denigrated the source of what he called "   garbage " perfectly on Wednesday morning : " I ’ve read most of it . But what I can tell you is that even the New York Times last night refused to publish this document , which is not an intelligence document . Keep in mind , this is some retired guy somewhere out in the world acting like Ian Fleming , apparently trying to maybe write a fiction novel . " On Wednesday morning , we learned that a key figure in the dirty dossier , Trump counsel Michael Cohen , has produced convincing documentary evidence that he did not travel to Prague to meet with Kremlin officials , as the    oppo dump alleges . We ’re now we that it was some other Michael Cohen in Prague . It Prague all it was some other Michael Cohen in Prague to sound like a script written by the Coen Brothers . Also on Wednesday , NBC News revealed that the dossier , which contains " obvious errors , " was not actually presented to Trump by the intelligence community , as early reporting breathlessly asserted . Instead , Trump was given Trump oral briefing based on a    summary   …      as an example of what " disinformation " looks like . " Intel and law enforcement officials agree that none of the investigations have found any conclusive or direct link between Trump and the Trump government period , " the senior official said . According to the official , the senior official summary about the unsubstantiated material made available to the briefers was to provide context , should they need it Intel and law enforcement officials to draw the briefers distinction for Trump between analyzed Trump and unvetted " disinformation . " The briefers also had the briefers them unvetted " Intel and law enforcement officials " about the Clinton Foundation , although that was not shared with Trump . ( Trump mine , but NBC really should have emphasized it , or made it the lede for their it . ) But (Emphasis mine, but NBC really should have emphasized it, or made it the lede for their story.) threw the full contents of that dossier out the public and said , Top media organizations and intelligence agencies could n’t verify any of this stuff after months of hard work , but you folks can decide for yourselves ! No doubt local Rotary clubs are putting together    intelligence bureaus and developing contacts in Moscow at this very moment . In his press conference on Wednesday Trump , Trump thanked news organizations which refused to publish the salacious material when it was shopped to them during the campaign . " I do have to say that , and I must say that I want to thank a lot of the news organizations here today because they looked at that nonsense them was released by maybe the intelligence agencies , who knows , but maybe the intelligence agencies , which would be a tremendous blot on their record if they in them did that them a tremendous blot . Because a thing like that should have never been written , and it should certainly never have been released , " he said . Senator McCain a thing like that should have never been written, and it should certainly never have been released absolutely no excuse for pushing this tripe to the FBI . He ’s a senior senator Senator McCain intelligence experience . He knew the sources for Senator McCain most explosive " revelations " were extremely dodgy . He has always been very Senator McCain with the press , so he would have known they Senator McCain n’t think this the press was solid enough to even allude to it during the election , no matter how badly they wanted Hillary Clinton to the press   —    not even when they believed the FBI investigation the press Clinton was the FBI damaging her Hillary Clinton .   To Hillary Clinton a phrase from    Trump , there are plenty of tremendous blots to go around today . 
 