On Thursday , House Republicans failed to muster the necessary votes to pass a new version of the American Health Care Act . [ This time , House Republicans were the problem : the Freedom Caucus approved the new bill . Byron York , writing in the Washington Examiner , observed that there were " a lot " of Republicans , primarily in contested congressional districts , who do not want to repeal Obamacare for fear of the political consequences next November .   Speaker of the House Paul Ryan has declared that he does Speaker of the House Paul Ryan want to be bound by an " artificial " deadline . But he and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan caucus Speaker of the House Paul Ryan a very real deadline : November 6 , 2018 . That is the date of the 2018 midterm elections , which the GOP could very well lose if it fails the GOP repeal Obamacare   —    or if it replaces the GOP with something worse . And given the reality of campaigning , Ryan ’s deadline is sometime before November . If it is Ryan’s deadline done by next summer , he could Ryan . As observed before , there is a method to the madness of repeated failure on tackling Obamacare : President Donald Trump is showing each congressional faction , in turn , the downside of failing to solve the problem . But he will President Donald Trump convince all of the factions to come to an agreement unless the alternative is worse . And right now , all of the factions   —    Democrats , conservative Republicans , and moderates   —    assume that if Congress fails , at least they will Congress their seats Congress There is only one way to change their incentives Congress and that is to change the default option   —    to make sure Obamacare is repealed , whether or not Congress comes up with a plan to replace it . Obamacare Mo Brooks ( ) has already filed    bill that repeals Obamacare totally   —    effective Dec. 31 . That would give Congress , Congress health care stakeholders , eight months to negotiate . The bill bill that repeals Obamacare totally   that period   —    say , to Mar. 21 , 2018 , Obamacare ’s Obamacare anniversary . Once set into law , however , the deadline could never be changed . That is because a vote to extend the deadline would the deadline a vote for Obamacare . Obamacare that is a vote not even Democrats would dare to take in an election year . The deadline would also the deadline to the negotiating table , because faced with a choice between the full repeal of Obamacare on Obamacare one hand , and a repeal that keeps some pieces of Obamacare on Obamacare other , they will take the latter . So why would Congress agree to a deadline in the first place ? Because the president could threaten to veto any future budget until Congress agrees to pass the Congress bill . Voters hate government shutdowns   —    and the president is loath to the president , as this week showed Voters —    but if Trump can frame the question around Congress ’s refusal to accept Congress deadline , he can prevail . After all the president most other Americans have to work to deadlines all of the time : why should Congress not ? That is Congress President Barack Obama convinced Congress to vote for the Congress Control Act in 2011 , on the eve of default . He proposed the sequester   — President Barack Obama automatic spending cuts that would ( and did ) kick in if Congress failed to agree    Congress cuts after a certain date . Though he spent the next several years President Barack Obama the sequester , it resolved the the sequester   crisis , he spent the next several years decrying the sequester marked the most significant reductions in federal spending since the end of the Korean War . The Brooks bill could provide President Trump with similar leverage . After the current budget crisis passes , the the debt ceiling crisis passed by the end of September . President Trump could declare that the end of the Korean War —    or some President Trump it   — The Brooks bill before then , or he will veto any budget The Brooks bill That will place the onus firmly on Congress to accept a President Trump , and repeal of Obamacare as the default if negotiations fail . Then , finally , serious negotiations will begin . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . Joel B. Pollak is the    of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is Joel B. Pollak from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 The Inside Story of a Revolution 