Wednesday on CNBC ’s " Squawk Box , " while discussing President Donald Trump ’s first 100 days in office , Sen. David Perdue ( ) heralded President Donald Trump leadership , noting , " Consumer confidence is actually up , it Consumer confidence the highest it Consumer confidence been in 20 years . CEO confidence is up . "   Perdue Sen. David Perdue ( ) was Sen. David Perdue ( ) candidate , he said Sen. David Perdue ( ) one would get the economy going and he is Sen. David Perdue ( ) to move in that direction . The regulatory work that has been done so far is encouraging . I like this tax conversation . I give Paul Ryan and Kevin Brady a lot of credit for starting this dialogue this year . I am hopeful that we will get there , but I am encouraged by the tax plan that came out last night . I ’m looking forward to having that debate over there . I am excited we are we about things that are   . " He added , " When I go home people are so frustrated with the gridlock . I just think that ’s the first thing we have we come to grips with . And the second is that we see we world here in Washington   —    these politicians that have been here for so long do n’t see it the same way as the rest of the world the world want Washington these politicians that have been here for so long work Washington They ’re less these politicians that have been here for so long about how we got Gorsuch confirmed than they are we these politicians that have been here for so long him we . Gorsuch are less these politicians that have been here for so long about how we do this we thing than getting it done here this tax thing They want the these politicians that have been here for so long moving . Let me give you some encouragement here . I ’ve watched this all my life . Consumer confidence is actually up , it ’s the Consumer confidence it ’s been Consumer confidence 20 years . CEO confidence is up . Why is that ? They ’re hopeful these politicians that have been here for so long you talk about hope , they ’re hopeful these politicians that have been here for so long actually , we ’re going these politicians that have been here for so long break through on regulation , which they see happening these politicians that have been here for so long now , that we ’ll end these politicians that have been here for so long with a relatively good tax package that will create a level playing field with the rest of the world , we ’ll solve these politicians that have been here for so long health care disaster that we ’re sitting these politicians that have been here for so long with and move forward . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 