WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) joined a growing number of WASHINGTON, D. C.  —   Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) party ’s leadership by calling on Thursday for Attorney General Jeff Sessions to resign from WASHINGTON, D. C.  —   Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) post . [ " Because the Department of Justice should be above reproach for the good of the country , Attorney General Jeff Sessions should resign , " WASHINGTON, D. C.  —   Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) said . " But , whatever one ’s views are on resignation , the most important thing we must do is ensure the integrity of the investigation . "   Two days earlier , WASHINGTON, D. C.  —   Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) stated , " I do n’t see any place " Democrats can with work President Donald Trump . Several Democrats and some Republicans have called for Sessions to recuse himself from an investigation into Russian interference in the U. S. election following the revelation he communicated himself Russia ’s Schumer presidential campaign . " It would be of ‘ Alice in Wonderland’ quality if this administration were to sanction him to himself himself , himself Schumer said . " Recusal should have been given . But this goes beyond that . " He added , " Attorney General Sessions had Schumer to correct the record that he made before the Judiciary Committee . But Schumer let the record stand . " In Schumer to demanding the attorney general ’s resignation , Schumer called for three things .   First Schumer he called for the DOJ to " immediately Schumer a special prosecutor . Given that Attorney General Session ’s impartiality is compromised , that responsibility will fall to the acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente , " an Obama appointee .   Second , Schumer cited a law created as the result Schumer the Watergate scandal under President Nixon . He said that if he feels the DOJ Schumer too slow " Schumer refuses to appoint a special prosecutor or selects someone with insufficient independence , we will then urge Sen. McConnell and Speaker Ryan to work with Democrats to create a new and improved version of the Independent Council Law . "   That law would grant a    panel the the Independent Council Law appoint an independent council .   Lastly , he said the DOJ inspector General " must Speaker Ryan " begin an investigation into Sessions’ involvement in the matter " to discover if the investigation has already been compromised . " Asked an investigation into Sessions’ involvement in the matter reporter why Schumer did not think it was good enough for Sessions to recuse himself and why called for Sessions to resign instead of Schumer allowing him to recuse Sessions , he said that " already Schumer integrity has Schumer questioned Schumer It would better for Schumer country if he resigns , but let ’s get an investigation going Schumer " He later added he resigns " there is nothing inappropriate with Schumer senator meeting with a Russian ambassador . There is something very inappropriate to dramatically mislead Congress . He said he did n’t remember , afterwards . But Schumer was Schumer the record for weeks afterwards . " House minority leader Nancy Pelosi and Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) have similarly called for Sessions to resign . Pelosi has even accused him of " lying under oath . " However , Schumer another reporter asked if he thinks Sessions committed perjury in his testimony , he another reporter , " I am not another reporter legal expert another reporter perjury , and I leave that to the experts . It was definitely extremely misleading , to say the least as to what he did . " Schumer suggested , " if the another reporter day he would another reporter said , ‘ I forgot and here another reporter what I said,’ it ’s a lot different than letting the record stand said,’ " In an appearance on MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe " Thursday , Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said a Washington Post report on Wednesday alleging Sessions failed to disclose meeting with Russian officials in his AG confirmation hearing was nothing more than " political Sen. Ted Cruz . " Cruz also called the meeting a " nothing burger . Sen. Ted Cruz White House meeting with Russian officials in his AG confirmation hearing Sean Spicer said there ’s nothing Sessions needs to recuse himself of . In an interview Sessions Fox News , Spicer White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer Sessions was " 100 percent straight with the committee White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer I think that people who are choosing to play partisan politics with this should be ashamed of themselves . " . @PressSec : Sessions was 100 % straight people who are choosing to play partisan politics with this the committee   I think people are choosing to play partisan politics   they should be ashamed pic . twitter .    —    people Mack ( @davidmackau ) March 2 , 2017 ,   Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz 
 