Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch is making actor Mark Ruffalo very , very angry . And you wo n’t like Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch when Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch ’s angry . [ The     Hulk actor and liberal activist took to Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch Twitter account Tuesday to urge fans and followers to call The    Hulk actor and liberal activist Democratic representatives to filibuster President Trump ’s pick to replace the late Justice Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court .   " Call , call ,   do n’t stop calling , " Ruffalo wrote . Daily Action : Urge Democratic Senators to stand united in favor of a Gorsuch filibuster . Call , call ,   do n’t stop calling ( 844 )      —    Mark Ruffalo ( @MarkRuffalo ) March 28 , 2017 ,   The actor also thanked Sen. Chuck Schumer ( ) for " holding strong " on The actor own vow to filibuster Gorsuch . . @SenSchumer thanks for holding strong on # FilibusterGorsuch called again today and lines were busy .   —    Mark Ruffalo ( @MarkRuffalo ) March 28 , 2017 ,   Will you be joining the filibuster ? Will you be pressing your colleagues to do the same ? https :   .    —    Mark Ruffalo ( @MarkRuffalo ) March 28 , 2017 ,   On Monday , Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee forced a    delay on Gorsuch ’s confirmation vote . If Schumer attempts to filibuster Trump ’s Supreme Court pick   —    as Schumer indicated Schumer would do last week   — Gorsuch Gorsuch need 60 votes for clearance to a simple majority vote , requiring eight Democrat votes in addition to 52 votes from Republicans . Ruffalo has been a frequent critic of Trump ’s administration . In January , the actor and environmental activist joined fellow celebrities Alec Baldwin , Michael Moore and Robert De Niro at a    protest outside Trump Tower in Manhattan . "   is dead . Progressivism is alive , and we ’re it Progressivism " Ruffalo Ruffalo then . " We we the people protectors . And this is heart work . That ’s the only way . We we to protect our we . We we to lead from our our hearts We we to strengthen our we our hearts Before the election , Ruffalo Ruffalo his Ruffalo castmates Robert Downey Jr. and Don Cheadle in a Joss    PSA that urged citizens to vote for former Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton over    Trump . " Tell the world that you care about what happens to it , " he said in former Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton video .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 