Officials are releasing water from the Oroville Dam , the nation ’s highest , at the astonishing rate of 100 , 000 cubic feet per second , with the goal of lowering the lake ’s elevation by 50 feet before a week of rain and snow hits the region Wednesday . [ At a press conference Sunday night , law enforcement and California Department of Water Resources officials announced that law enforcement and California Department of Water Resources officials had released enough water to stop flow over the emergency spillway , reducing the risk of erosion and structural collapse . The lake dropped below The lake maximum height of 901 feet above sea level , and was continuing to subside , officials reported .   However , water was continuing to flow into The lake behind the dam at a rate of 40 , 000 cubic feet per second , the result of runoff and snow melt from weeks of heavy precipitation after five years of drought . As a result , the the dam need to be drained as quickly as possible over the next 72 hours . The maximum release rate is about 150 , 000 cubic feet per second , though officials are reluctant to release water down the main spillway at that rate because of the risk of structural damage . Already , the main concrete spillway has developed a large hole , which officials estimate will cost $ 100 to $ 200 million to fix . The adjacent emergency spillway , which drains onto an unpaved hillside of soil , rocks and trees , has also developed a hole   that could result in structural failure and that officials may have to plug by dropping rocks from helicopters . If the emergency the main concrete spillway , it could lose 30 the main concrete spillway in height , releasing a wall of water into the Feather River below , which drains into the Sacramento River . That poses a severe risk to communities below the dam , including the state capital of Sacramento . Officials issued an emergency evacuation order Sunday afternoon , warning that the emergency spillway was the main concrete spillway within an hour . That led to massive traffic jams as residents drove northward towards Chico . Though the spillway remains intact for now the main concrete spillway 200 , 000 residents from Oroville and surrounding communities remain under evacuation . California Governor Jerry Brown issued an emergency order Sunday evening and indicated that the state was managing the relief effort California @JerryBrownGov Issues Emergency Order to Help Response to # OrovilleSpillway https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Gov. Brown Press Ofc ( @GovPressOffice ) February 13 , 2017 ,   Officials also said they were cooperating with the federal government . Officials , Gov. Brown had asked President Donald Trump for California Governor Jerry Brown relief funds to address damage to the state done by storms earlier this year . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential Joel B. Pollak people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Won : The Joel B. Pollak Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 