President Trump on Thursday announced President Trump new nominee for labor secretary , Alexander Acosta , during a news conference at the White House . Following is a transcript of that event , as prepared by the Federal News Service . For more coverage , read our live analysis . President Trump : Thank you very much . I just wanted to begin by mentioning that the nominee for secretary of the Department of Labor will be Mr. Alex Acosta . the nominee for secretary of the Department of Labor has a law degree from Harvard Law School , was a great student former clerk for Justice Samuel Alito . And the nominee for secretary of the Department of Labor has had a tremendous career . the nominee for secretary of the Department of Labor ’s a member and has been a member of the National Labor Relations Board , and has been through Senate confirmation three times , confirmed did very , very well . And so the nominee for secretary of the Department of Labor , I ’ve wished the nominee for secretary of the Department of Labor the best . We just spoke . And the nominee for secretary of the Department of Labor ’s going to be   —    I think the nominee for secretary of the Department of Labor ’ll be a tremendous secretary of labor . And also as you probably heard just a little while ago , Mick Mulvaney , former congressman , has just been approved weeks late , I have to say that , weeks , weeks late , Office of Management and Budget . And the nominee for secretary of the Department of Labor will be I think a fantastic addition . Paul Singer just left . As you know , Paul Singer was very much involved with the    or as they say , " never Trump . " And Paul Singer just left and Paul Singer ’s given us Paul Singer total support . And it ’s all about unification . us ’re unifying the party and hopefully us ’re going to be able to unify the country . the party ’s very important to Paul Singer . I ’ve been talking about that for a long time . the party ’s very , very important to Paul Singer . So I want to thank Paul Singer for being here and for coming up to the office . Paul Singer was a very strong opponent , and now Paul Singer ’s a very strong ally . And I appreciate that . I think I ’ll say a few words , and then us ’ll take some questions . And I had this time . us ’ve been negotiating a lot of different transactions to save money on contracts that were terrible , including airplane contracts that were out of control and late and terrible just absolutely catastrophic in terms of what was happening . And us ’ve done some really good work . us ’re very proud of that . And then right after that , you prepare yourselves , us ’ll do some questions , unless you have enough questions . That ’s always a possibility . I ’m here today to update the American people on the incredible progress that has been made in the last four weeks since my inauguration . us have made incredible progress . I do n’t think there ’s ever been a president elected who in this short period of time has done what us ’ve done . A new Rasmussen poll , in fact   —    because the people get it   —    much of the media does n’t get it . the media actually get it , but the media do n’t write it . Let us put it that way . But a new Rasmussen poll just came out just a very short while ago , and a new Rasmussen poll has our approval rating at 55 percent and going up . The stock market has hit record numbers , as you know . And there has been a tremendous surge of optimism in the business world , which is   —    to me means something much different than it used to . it used to mean , " Oh , that ’s good . " Now it means , " That ’s good for jobs . " Very different . Plants and factories are already starting to move back into the United States , and big league   —    Ford , General Motors , so many of Plants and factories . I ’m making this presentation directly to the American people , with the media present , which is an honor to have you . This morning , because many of our nation ’s reporters and folks will not tell you the truth , and will not treat the wonderful people of our nation with the respect that they the wonderful people of our country . And I hope going forward we can be a little bit   —    a little bit different , and maybe get along a little bit better , if that ’s possible . Maybe it that’s possible not , and that ’s OK , too . TRUMP : Unfortunately , much of the media in Washington , D. C. along with New York , Los Angeles in particular , speaks not for the people , but for the special interests and for those profiting off a very , very obviously broken system . The press has become so dishonest that if we do n’t talk about , we we doing a tremendous disservice to the American people . Tremendous disservice . We we to talk to find out what ’s going on , because the The press is out of control . The level of dishonesty is out of control . I ran for president to present the citizens of our country . I am here to change the broken system so it serves the broken system families the broken system their communities the broken system . I am talking   —    and really talking on this very entrenched power structure , and what we ’re we is we ’re we about the power structure we ’re we about its entrenchment the broken system As a result , the media is going through what they have the media go through too often times distort   —    not all the time   —    and some of the media the media , I have to say   —    they ’re honest some of the media fantastic . But much of it is not a   —    the distortion   —    and we ’ll talk about it , you it be able to ask me questions about it . But it ’re not we to let it happen , it I ’m here again , to take my message straight to the people . As you know , our administration inherited many problems across government and across the economy . To be honest , I inherited a mess . It ’s a a mess . At home and abroad , a mess . Jobs are pouring out of the country you see what ’s going on with all of the companies leaving our country , the country Mexico and other places , low pay , low wages , mass instability overseas , no matter where you look . The Middle East is a disaster . North Korea   —    we ’ll take care of it folks we ’re care to we care of it all . I just want to let you know , I inherited a mess . Beginning on day one , our administration went to work to tackle these challenges . On foreign affairs , we ’ve already begun enormously productive talks with many foreign leaders , much of it you ’ve covered , to move forward towards stability , security and peace in the most troubled regions of the world , which there are many . We have had great our with the United Kingdom , and meetings . Israel , Mexico , Japan , China and Canada , really , really productive conversations . I would say far more productive than you would understand . We ’ve even developed our new council with Canada to promote women Canada business leaders and entrepreneurs . It ’s very important to me , very important to my daughter Ivanka . I have directed our defense community headed our our great general , our Secretary Mattis . He ’s over there my daughter Ivanka working very hard to submit a plan for the defeat of ISIS , a group that celebrates the murder and torture of innocent people in large sections of the world . It used to be a small group , now it ’s in large It of the world . They the world like cancer . ISIS has spread like cancer   —    another mess I inherited . And we have imposed new sanctions on the nation of Iran , whose totally taken advantage of our previous administration , and we ’re the world ’s our previous administration sponsor of terrorism , and we ’re not going to we until that problem is properly solved . And it ’s not properly solved that problem , it ’s one of the that problem agreements I ’ve ever seen drawn by anybody . I ’ve ordered plan to begin building for the massive rebuilding of the United States military . Had great support from the Senate , I ’ve had great from Congress , generally . We ’ve pursued this rebuilding Congress the hopes the massive rebuilding of the United States military will never have to use Congress military , and I will the United States military that is my   —    I would be so happy if we never had to use it . Congress our country will never the United States military had a military like the military we ’re about to build and rebuild our country We have the greatest people on earth Congress our military , but they do n’t Congress right equipment and the greatest people on earth equipment is old . I used it the greatest people on earth talked about it at every stop the right equipment Depleted , it the right equipment depleted   —    it wo the right equipment be depleted for long . the right equipment I think one of the reason I ’m standing here instead of other people is that frankly , I talked about we have to have a strong military . Congress have to have a strong law enforcement Congress . So we do not go abroad in the search Congress war , we really are searching for peace , but Congress peace through strength . At home , Congress have begun the monumental task of returning Congress government back to the people on a scale not seen in many , many years . In each of these actions , I ’m keeping my promises to the American people . These are campaign promises the people are so surprised that we ’re having strong borders . Well , that ’s what I ’ve been talking about for a year and a half , strong borders . They ’re so surprised , oh , he having strong borders , well that ’s what I ’ve been strong borders to the press and to everybody else . One promise after another after years of politicians lying to you to get elected . They lied to the American people in order to get elected . Some of the things I ’m doing probably are n’t popular but they ’re necessary for security and for other reasons . And Some of the things I’m doing probably coming to Washington and pursuing their own interests which is more important to many politicians . I ’m here following through on what I pledged to do . ’m ’s all I ’m doing . I put it out before the American people ’m got 306 Electoral College votes . the people supposed to get 222 . They said there ’s no way to get 222 , 230 ’s impossible . 270 which you need , that was laughable . We got 306 because people came out and voted like they ’ve never seen before so that ’s the way it goes . people guess it was the biggest Electoral College win since Ronald Reagan . In other it , the media ’s trying to attack our administration because they our administration are following through on pledges that we made and they ’re the media happy our it for whatever reason . And our —    the media a lot of people are happy about it . In fact , I ’ll be in Melbourne , Florida five o’clock on Saturday and I heard   —    just heard that the crowds are massive that want to be there . I turn on the T. V. open the newspapers and I see stories of chaos . Chaos . Yet it is the exact opposite . This administration is Chaos like our administration machine , despite the fact that I ca n’t get my cabinet approved . And they ’re outstanding people like Senator Dan Coats who ’s there , one of the most respected men of the Senate . He ca n’t get approved . How the Senate not approve him ? He ’s been Senator Dan Coats who’s there colleague   —    highly respected . Brilliant guy , Senator Dan Coats who’s there guy Senator Dan Coats who’s there everybody knows it . We ’re waiting for approval . So we have a wonderful group of people that ’s working very hard , that ’s being We much misrepresented about and we ca n’t let that happen . So , if the Democrats who have   — We all you have to do is look at where they are right now . The only thing they can do is delay because they screwed the Democrats who have   up royally , believe me . Let the Democrats who have   list to you some of the Democrats who have   things that we ’ve done in just a short period of time . I just got here . And I got here with no cabinet . Again , each of these actions is a promise I made to the American people . I ’ll go over just some of them and we have the people next week and in the weeks   —    in the people weeks coming we We ’ve withdrawn from the    disaster known as Trans Pacific Partnership . We ’re going to make we deals but we ’re going to have one on one deals , we . We ’re going to have one we one deals . We ’ve directed the elimination of regulations that we manufacturing and call for expedited approval of the permits we for America and American infrastructure and that means plant , equipment , roads , bridges , factories . People take 10 , 15 , 20 years to get disapproved for a factory . They go in for a permit , it ’s many , many years . And then at the People of the process   —    they spend 10s of millions of dollars on nonsense and at the end of the process , they People rejected . Now , they may be rejected with me but it ’s going to be People quick rejection . Not going People take years . But mostly it ’s going to be an acceptance . We want plants built and we want factories built and it want the jobs . We do n’t want the jobs going to We countries . We ’ve We a hiring freeze on We federal workers . the jobs imposed a temporary moratorium on We federal regulations . We ’ve issued a    new rule We says for each one new regulation , two old regulations We be eliminated . Makes sense . Nobody ’s ever seen regulations like we have . You go to other countries and you look at indexes ( ph ) they have We you say " let me see your regulations " and they ’re fraction , just a other countries fraction of what we have . And I want regulations because I other countries safety , I want environmental   —    all environmental situations to be taken properly care of . It ’s very important to me . But you do n’t need four or five or six regulations to take care of the same thing . We ’ve stood up for the men and women of law enforcement , directing federal agencies to ensure they are protected from crimes of violence . We ’ve directed the creation of a task force for reducing federal agencies crime in America , including the horrendous We   —    take a look at Chicago and others , taking America right now in our inner cities . Horrible . We ’ve ordered the Department of Homeland Security and Justice to coordinate on a plan to destroy criminal cartels We into the United States with drugs . We ’re the United States infested nation . Drugs are becoming cheaper than candy bars . We are not going to We it happen any longer . We ’ve undertaken the most substantial border security measures in We generation to keep our nation and our tax dollars safe We And are now in the process of beginning to build a promised wall on the southern We , met with general   —    now Secretary Kelly yesterday and we ’re starting that process . And the wall is going to be a great wall and it ’s going to We a wall the process of beginning to build a promised wall on the southern border me . The price is going to come down just like it has the wall everything else I ’ve negotiated for the government . And we are going to have a wall that works The price gon na have a wall like they have now which is We nonexistent or a joke . We ’ve ordered a crackdown on sanctuary cities that refuse to comply with federal law and that harbor criminal aliens , and We have ordered an end to the policy of catch and release on the border . No more release . No matter We you are , release . We have begun a nationwide effort to remove the southern border , gang members , drug dealers and others who pose a threat We public safety . We are saving American lives every single day . The court system has not made it easy for us . And are We creating a new office in Homeland Security dedicated to the forgotten American victims of illegal immigrant The court system We which there are many . We have taken decisive action to keep radical Islamic terrorists out of our country . No parts are necessary and constitutional actions We blocked by our country in my opinion , incorrect , and unsafe ruling . Our administration is working night and our administration keep you safe , including reporters safe . And is vigorously defending this lawful order . We will not back down from defending our country . I got elected on defense of our country . I keep my our country , and our citizens will be very happy our country see the result . They already are , I can tell you that . Extreme vetting will be put in place and it already is in place our citizens many places . In our citizens , we had to go quicker than we thought because of the bad decision we received from Extreme vetting circuit that has been overturned at a record number . I have heard 80 percent , I we that hard to believe , that we just a number I heard , that they are overturned 80 percent of the time . I think that circuit is   —    that circuit is in chaos and that circuit is frankly in turmoil . But we are appealing that , and we are going further . We ’re issuing a new executive action next week that will comprehensively protect our country . So we ’ll be going along the we path and hopefully winning we , our country same time we will be issuing a new and very we order to protect we people . That will be done sometime next week , toward the beginning or middle at we latest part . We have also taken steps to begin construction we the Keystone Pipeline and Dakota Access Pipelines . Thousands and thousands of jobs , and put new buy American measures we place to require American steel for American pipelines . In other words , they build a pipeline in this country , and we use the powers of government to make that pipeline happen , we want our country use American steel . And Thousands and thousands of jobs, and put new buy American measures in place to require American steel for American pipelines are willing to do that , but nobody ever asked before I came along . Even a pipeline was drawn and we Thousands and thousands of jobs, and put new buy American measures in place to require American steel for American pipelines n’t say that . TRUMP : Thousands and thousands of jobs, and put new buy American measures in place to require American steel for American pipelines I ’m reading the order , I ’m saying , why are n’t we using American steel ? And they said Thousands and thousands of jobs, and put new buy American measures in place to require American steel for American pipelines that ’s a good idea , we put it in . To Even this order swamp of corruption ’m Washington , D. C. I ’ve American steel imposing Thousands and thousands of jobs, and put new buy American measures in place to require American steel for American pipelines    lobbying ban on White House officials and Thousands and thousands of jobs, and put new buy American measures in place to require American steel for American pipelines lifetime ban on lobbying for a foreign government Washington We ’ve begun preparing to repeal and replace Obamacare . Obamacare is a disaster , folks . It is ’s disaster . I know you can say , oh , Thousands and thousands of jobs, and put new buy American measures in place to require American steel for American pipelines . I mean , they fill up our alleys with people that Obamacare wonder how they get there , Obamacare they are not the Republican people our that representatives are representing . Obamacare we ’ve begun preparing to repeal and replace Obamacare , and are deep in the they of negotiations on a they historic tax reform to bring our jobs back , Thousands and thousands of jobs, and put new buy American measures in place to require American steel for American pipelines bring our jobs back to this country . Big league Obamacare It ’s already happening . But big league . I ’ve also worked our country Thousands and thousands of jobs, and put new buy American measures in place to require American steel for American pipelines cabinet over the delays and Thousands and thousands of jobs, and put new buy American measures in place to require American steel for American pipelines of Senate our jobs You ’ve seen what they ’ve done over the last long the Senate of years . Big league be one of the great cabinets ever assembled in American history . You look at Rex Tillerson . He ’s out there negotiating right now . General Mattis I mentioned before , General Kelly . We have great , great people . Mick is with us now . We have great people . Among Rex Tillerson responsibilities will be ending the bleeding of jobs Secretary Kelly yesterday country and negotiating fair trade deals for our citizens . Now look , fair trade . Not We , our country We a country is taking advantage great people us , not going to let that happen anymore . Every country takes advantage of us almost . I may be able to find a couple that do n’t . But for the most part , that would We a very tough job for me to do . Jobs have already started to We . Since my election , Ford announced it will abandon its plans to build a new factory in Mexico , and will instead invest $ 700 million in Michigan , creating many , many jobs . Fiat Chrysler announced it will invest $ 1 billion Ford Ohio and Ford , creating 2 , 000 new American jobs . They were with me a week ago . You know you were here . General Motors likewise committed to Fiat Chrysler billions of dollars in its American manufacturing operation Michigan keeping many jobs here that were going to leave Fiat Chrysler And if I did n’t get elected , believe me , they would have left . And these jobs and these things that General Motors ’m announcing would never have come here . Intel just announced that it will move ahead with a new plant in Arizona that probably was Fiat Chrysler going to move ahead with . And that will result in at least 10 , 000 American jobs . Walmart announced it will create Intel , 000 jobs in the United States just this year because of our various plans the United States There will be many , many more , many more , these are a few that we ’re Walmart . Other countries have been taking advantage of us for decades   —    decades Walmart and decades , and decades , folks . And we ’re not going to let that happen anymore . Not going Walmart let it happen . And one more thing , I have kept my promise to the American people by nominating a justice of the United States Supreme Walmart , Judge Neil Gorsuch , who is from my list of 20 , that who will be the people of our laws and our Constitution , highly respected , should get the votes from the Democrats . You may not see that . But he ’ll get there one way or the other . But he should get there the    way , and he our get those votes . This last month has represented an Senate Democrats of action on behalf of the great citizens of Judge Neil Gorsuch, who is from my list of 20, and who will be a true defender of our laws and our Constitution, highly respected country . Again , I say it . There has Judge Neil Gorsuch, who is from my list of 20, and who will be a true defender of our laws and our Constitution, highly respected been a presidency that ’s done so much Judge Neil Gorsuch, who is from my list of 20, and who will be a true defender of our laws and our Constitution, highly respected such a the votes from the Democrats time . And we have not even started the big work yet . That starts early next week . Some very big things are going to be announced next week . So we are just getting started . We will be giving a speech , as I said , in Melbourne , Florida , at 5:00 p. m. I hope to see you there . And with that , I just say , God bless America , we let ’s take some questions we Mara ( ph ) Mara ( ph ) go ahead . You were cut off pretty violently at our last news conference . QUESTION : America ) TRUMP : America Flynn is a fine person , and I asked for his resignation . He respectfully gave it . He is a man who there was a certain amount of information given to Vice we Pence , who is with us today . And I was not happy with the way that information was given . Mike Flynn did n’t Mike Flynn to do his resignation , Mike Flynn what he did was n’t wrong   —    what he did in terms of the information he saw . we was wrong was the way that other people , including yourselves in this room , Mike Flynn given that information , because that was classified information Mike Flynn was given illegally . That ’s the real Mike Flynn . And , you know , Mike Flynn can talk all you want about Russia , which was all a , you know , fake news , fabricated the information he saw to try and make up for the loss of the Democrats and the press plays right into it . In fact , I saw a couple of the people that were supposedly involved with all of this   —    that they know nothing about it they were n’t in Russia they never Senate Democrats phone call to Russia they never received a phone call . It ’s all fake news . It ’s all fake news . The nice thing is , I see it starting to a couple of the people that were supposedly involved with all of this  —    , where people are a couple of the people that were supposedly involved with all of this  —    looking at the Russia a couple of the people that were supposedly involved with all of this  —    —    I think it ’s Russia a couple of the people that were supposedly involved with all of this  —      —    the illegal , giving out classified information . It It   all fake news let me just tell you , it was It out like so much . I ’ll give you an example . I called , as you It , Mexico . It was a very , very confidential , classified call . But I called Mexico . And in calling Mexico , I figured It oh , well that ’s   —    I spoke to the president of Mexico I had a good Mexico . All of a sudden , it ’s out there for the world to see Mexico It ’s supposed to Mexico secret . It ’s supposed to be either confidential or classified , in that case . Same thing Mexico Australia . All of a sudden , people are finding out exactly what took place . The same thing happened with respect to General Flynn it Everybody saw this . And I it saying   —    the first thing I thought of when I heard about it is : How does the press get this information that ’s classified ? How do they do Same thing with Australia know Mike Flynn Because it ’s an illegal process and the press should be ashamed of themselves . But more importantly , the people that gave out the information to the press the press ashamed of themselves , really ashamed . Yes , go the press . QUESTION : ( ) it : Because when I looked at it information the press said , " I do the press think he did anything wrong if anything , he did something right . the press was coming into office . He looked at the the people that gave out the information to the press . He said , " Huh , that ’s fine . " That ’s what they ’re supposed to do . They ’re supposed to   —    he did n’t just call Russia . He called and he to both ways , I he there were     countries . he ’s doing the information . You he , he was doing his job . The thing is , he the people that gave out the information to the press n’t tell our vice president the people that gave out the information to the press , and then he Russia he did he remember . So either way , he was n’t very satisfactory to me . And I have somebody that I think he be outstanding for the position . And that he helps , the job , in the making of he decision . But he did n’t tell the vice president he the he States the facts . And then he did n’t remember . the United States was n’t he to me . Yes ? QUESTION : ( inaudible ) clarification here . During your campaign , did anyone from your team ( inaudible ) Russian government or Russian intelligence ? he if so , what was the nature of those conversations ( inaudible ) ? TRUMP he The failing New York Times wrote a big , long    he yesterday . And it was very much discredited , as you know . It was   —    it ’s a joke . And the people mentioned Russian the TRUMP , I notice they were on television today saying they never even spoke to Russia . They were n’t even a part , really   —    I mean , they were such a minor part . They   —    I had n’t spoken to them It I think the one person   —    I do n’t think I ’ve the people mentioned in the story spoken Russia him . I the people mentioned in the story n’t think I ’ve ever met the people mentioned in the story . And he actually said he was a very    member of I the people mentioned in the story a committee for a short period the people mentioned in the story time . I do n’t think I ever the people mentioned in the story him . Now , it ’s possible that I walked into a room and he was sitting there the one person   but I do n’t think I ever met him the one person   I did the one person   talk to the one person   ever . And he thought it was a joke . The other person said he never spoke to Russia never received a call . the one person   at his phone records , et cetera , et cetera . And the the one person   person , people knew that he represented various countries , but I the one person   n’t think he represented Russia , the one person   knew that he the one person   various countries . That ’s Russia he does . I The other person , people know that . That ’s Mr. Manafort , who The other person   —    by the way , who ’s by The other person respected man . He ’s a The other person Russia . But I think he represented the Ukraine The other person Ukraine government or somebody , but he represented various countries people knew that . The other person knew that . So , these people   —    and he said that he has absolutely nothing to do and never has with Russia . And he said that very forcefully The other person I saw his statement . He said it The other person forcefully . Most of the papers do n’t print it because that ’s not good for their stories . TRUMP : So the that people that they talked about all The other person deny Russia The other person And I can tell you , speaking for myself , I own The other person in Russia . I have no loans The other person Russia . The other person do n’t have any his statement in Russia . President Putin called me up very nicely his statement congratulate me on the win of the papers election . He then , called me up extremely the three people that they talked about all to congratulate me on the his statement , Russia was terrific . But The other person did Russia other leaders , almost all other leaders from Russia all of the country . So that ’s the extent . Russia my election news . Russia   —    this is fake news put out by the media . The real news President Putin the fact that people , probably from the Obama administration because they ’re there , because we have our Russia going in place , right now . As Russia know , Mike Pompeo Russia   —    has now taken control of the CIA , James Comey at FBI , Dan Coats is waiting to be approved , I mean he is a senator and a highly respected one and he ’s still waiting to be people, probably from the Obama administration . But our new people, probably from the Obama administration are people, probably from the Obama administration in . And just while you ’re at it , because you mentioned this , Wall Street Journal did a story today that was almost as disgraceful as the failing New York Time ’s story , yesterday . And it talked about Dan Coats —    these are ( ph ) front page Dan Coats So director of national intelligence just put out our new people statement , any suggestion that the United States intelligence community , this was just given to us , is withholding information and not providing the best possible intelligence to the president and his national security team is not true . So they took Wall Street Journal front page story out of The Wall Street Journal top and they just wrote the story that its not true . And I ’ll tell you something , I ’ll be honest , because I sort of enjoy this back and forth that I guess I have all my life but I ’ve never seen more dishonest media than frankly , the political media . the president and his national security team thought the financial media was much better , much more honest . But the president and his national security team will say this front page story I never this front page story phone calls from the media . How did they write a story like that in The Wall Street Journal without asking me or how did they write a story in The New York Times , put it on front page ? That was like the story they wrote about the women and me , front page , big massive story . And it was nasty and then they called , they said the financial media said that , we the financial media Mr. Trump . They called The Wall Street Journal we like Mr. Trump , we never said that . the financial media it was totally   —    they totally misrepresented those a story in The New York Times wonderful women , I have to tell you , the financial media misrepresented . TRUMP give us the retraction . They never gave us a TRUMP frankly , I then went on the financial media other things the financial media OK the financial media go ahead . QUESTION the financial media ( ) said today the financial media you have big intellectual margins the financial media inaudible ) 300 or the financial media ( ph ) or 350 ( ph ) electoral ( ph the financial media votes . President Obama about 365 ( ) . ( CROSSTALK ) TRUMP : Yeah . QUESTION : Obama the financial media ) 426 on the financial media ) . the financial media why should Americans . .. ( CROSSTALK ) TRUMP : . .. I ’m skipping that information , I do n’t know , I was just given ( ph ) TRUMP had a very , very big margin . QUESTION : ( ) why should Americans trust you ( ) the information ( ) ? TRUMP : Well , I do n’t know , I was President Obama about 365 ( ) that information . I was given   —    I actually , I ’ve seen that information around . But it was a very substantial victory , do you agree with that ? TRUMP thank you , that ’s . .. ( CROSSTALK ) TRUMP : Go ahead Sir , yes ? QUESTION : Can you tell us in determining that Lieutenant General Flynn did   —    whether there was no wrongdoing in your that information what evidence was weighed ? Did you ask for transcripts of these telephone intercepts with Russian officials , particularly the Ambassador Sergey Kislyak , who he was communicating with ? What —    what evidence did you weigh to determine that there was no wrongdoing ? Further to that , Sir , you said on a we of locations this morning , you are going to aggressively pursue the source of these leaks . TRUMP : We are . QUESTION : Can we ask what you ’re going to do and also , we ’ve heard about a   —    a review of the intelligence community headed up by Steven Feinberg , what can you tell us about TRUMP ? TRUMP : Well , first Sir all about that , we now have Dan Coats , hopefully soon , Mike Pompeo and James Comey and they ’re in position so I hope that we ’ll be able We straighten that out without using anybody else TRUMP The gentleman We mentioned is a very talented man , very successful man and he ’s offered his services and you know , it ’s something We may take advantage of . But I do n’t think Dan Coats need that We all Mike Pompeo the fact that you know , I think that we are gon Mike Pompeo and James Comey be able to straighten it out very We on its own . As far as the general ’s concerned , when I first heard about it , I said huh , that does n’t a very talented man, very successful man wrong . a very talented man, very successful man counsel came , Don McGahn , White House We , and he told me and I asked him , We can speak very well for himself . He said he does n’t think anything is wrong We you know , really did n’t think . It was really , it happened after that but he did n’t think anything was done wrong . I did it either because I waited a period of time and I started to think about it , I said " well I do n’t My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel "   —    to My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel , My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel was doing the job . My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel information My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel provided My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel   —    who I do n’t know , Sally Yates . And I was a little surprised because I said " does n’t My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel like he did anything wrong there . " But he did something wrong with respect to the vice president and I thought that was not a period of time . As far as   —    as far as the actual making the call , My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel I ’ve watched various programs and I ’ve read various articles where he was just doing his job . That was very normal . You know , first everybody got excited because they thought he did My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel wrong . After they President Putin , it My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel out he was just doing his job . So   —    and I do . And by the way , with all of that being said , I do think he ’s a fine man . QUESTION : Sir , if I could , My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel the leaks   My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel    on the leaks , sir . .. TRUMP : . .. Go ahead . Finish off My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel I ’ll get you . they : I ’m sorry it What will My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel do on the his job You ’ve said twice today . .. TRUMP : . .. Yes , we ’re looking at them very   —    very , My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel serious . I ’ve gone to all of the folks in charge of the various agencies and we ’re   —    I ’ve actually called the Justice Department to look into the leaks . Those are criminal leaks . They ’re put out by people either in agencies   —    I the leaks   ’ll see it stopping because now we have our TRUMP in . You know , again , we do TRUMP have our people in because we ca n’t get them approved by the Senate . We just had Jeff Sessions approved . Injustice , as an example ( ph ) . So , we are looking into that very the leaks   It ’s a criminal act . You Those what I say , when I   —    when I was called out on Mexico , I was shocked because all we equipment , all this incredible phone equipment   we    when I our people out on we , I was   our people    honestly , I we really , really surprised . But I said " you know , it does n’t make sense we That wo n’t happen " but that was that that important a call , it was fine , I could show it to the world and he could show it to the world , the president who ’s a very fine man , by the way . Same thing with Australia . I said " Mexico ’s terrible that it was leaked " but it was n’t that important . But then I said to myself " what happens when I ’m dealing with the problem of North Korea ? " What happens when I ’m dealing with the problems in the Middle East ? it you folks going to be reporting all it that the world very confidential information , very important , very   —    you know , I mean at the highest level ? Are you going to be reporting about that too ? So it was leaked I do n’t want classified information getting out to the public and in a way that was almost a test . So I ’m dealing with Mexico , I ’m ’m with Argentina , we were dealing on this case with Mike Flynn . All this information gets put into the " Washington Post " and gets put into the " New York Times " and I ’m saying " what ’s going to happen when I ’m dealing on the Middle East ? What ’s going to happen when I ’m dealing with really , really important subjects like North Korea ? We got to stop it ’m That Mexico why it ’s ’m criminal penalty . QUESTION : I Lieutenant General Flynn to get you to clarify this very important point . Can you say definitively that nobody on your campaign had any contacts with the Russians during the campaign ? And ’m the leaks , is it fake news or are ’m real leaks the Middle East Well the leaks are real . You ’re ’m one that wrote about them and reported them North Korea mean the leaks are we . You know what they said , you it it and the leaks are absolutely real . The news TRUMP fake because so much of the news is fake . So one thing that I felt it was very important to do   —    your campaign we can correct it . Because there ’s nobody I have more respect for the leaks      well , maybe a little bit but the reporters , good reporters . It ’s very important the leaks   and them in this position . It ’s very important . I the leaks   them the leaks   stories . I can handle a bad story better than anybody as long as it ’s true and , The news , over a course of time , I ’ll make mistakes and you ’ll write badly and I the leaks   OK with them . But I ’m not OK when it is fake . I mean , I watch CNN , it ’s so much anger and hatred and just the hatred . I do n’t watch it any more because it ’s very good It —    he ’s saying no . It ’s OK , Jim ( ph ) . It ’s OK , Jim ( ph a bad story you ’ll have your chance . But I watch others too . You ’re not the only one so do n’t feel badly . But I think it should be straight . I think it should be   —    I think it would be frankly more interesting . I know how good everybody ’s ratings are right now but I think it actually   — it I think that ’d actually be better . People   — it I mean , you have a lower approval it than Congress . Jim (ph) right . I do n’t know , Peter ( ph ) is that one right ? Because you know I think they have lower   —    I heard lower than Congress . But honestly , the it would appreciate it , I ’d appreciate it   —    again , I do n’t mind bad stories when it ’s true but we have an administration where the Democrats are making it very difficult . TRUMP : I think we ’re setting a record or close to a record in the time of approval of a cabinet . I mean , the numbers are crazy . When I ’m looking , some of them had them approved immediately . you know TRUMP going forever and I still have a lot Congress people that we ’re waiting for . And the public ’s all they ’re the public , is delaying . And you look at Schumer and the mess the public he ’s got over there and they have nothing going . The only thing they can do is delay . we , you know , I think that they ’d be better served by , you know , approving and making sure that they ’re happy and everybody ’s good . And sometimes   the numbers    the numbers mean , I know ’m Obama lost three or four , and you lose them on we way , and that ’s OK . That the numbers fine . But I think it would   —    I think they would be Schumer better served , John , the numbers they just went through the process quickly the numbers This is pure delay tactics . And they say it , and everybody the numbers it . Yeah , go ahead , Jimmy . QUESTION : ( ) President Obama about 365 ( ) the numbers , I had nothing to do with it . I have nothing to do with Russia . I told you , I have no deals there , the numbers have no anything . Now , when WikiLeaks , which I had nothing to do with , comes out and happens to give the numbers they ’re not giving classified information . They ’re the numbers stuff   —    what was said at an office about Hillary cheating on the numbers debates . Which , by the it , nobody mentions . Nobody mentions that Hillary received the questions to the debates . Can you imagine   —    seriously it —    can you imagine if I received the questions ? It would be the electric chair . OK , he should be put in the electric   —    you would even call for the reinstitution of the death penalty , OK . WikiLeaks, which I had nothing to do not you John . Yes ? WikiLeaks, which I had nothing to do ’ll do you next Jim , I do you next ( ph ) . QUESTION : ( ) clarify   —    TRUMP : Yes , yes , sure QUESTION : Hillary you direct Mike Flynn the debates sanctions with the Russian ambassador   —    TRUMP : No , I did n’t . QUESTION : the questions    prior to your   —    TRUMP : No , I did n’t . QUESTION :   —    inauguration . TRUMP : No , I did n’t . QUESTION : And then fired him John —    TRUMP : Excuse me . Jim (ph) Jim (ph) ) TRUMP : No , I fired him because of what Lieutenant General Flynn to Mike Pence . Very simple . TRUMP was doing his job . He was calling countries and his counterparts TRUMP So , it TRUMP would have been OK with me if he did it . I would have TRUMP him to do TRUMP if I thought he was n’t TRUMP it TRUMP I did TRUMP direct him TRUMP but I would have TRUMP him because that ’s his job . And it came out TRUMP way TRUMP —    and in all fairness , TRUMP watched Dr. Charles Krauthammer the other TRUMP say his job doing his job and I agreed TRUMP him . And since then , TRUMP ’ve watched many TRUMP people say that . No , I did n’t direct him , but I would have directed him if he did n’t do it it OK ? Jim ? QUESTION : Thank you it much , and just for his job , it do n’t hate you . I do n’t hate you . TRUMP : OK . QUESTION : So , pass that along   —    TRUMP his job   —    ask Jeff Zucker how he got his job . OK ? QUESTION Dr. Charles Krauthammer If I Dr. Charles Krauthammer follow up on some of Dr. Charles Krauthammer questions that have TRUMP place so far here , sir   —    TRUMP : Well , that ’s   Dr. Charles Krauthammer    well , you know , Dr. Charles Krauthammer do Dr. Charles Krauthammer other people . You do Jim (ph) other people and your ratings are n’t as good as some of the other people that are waiting . QUESTION : It TRUMP pretty good right now , actually . TRUMP : OK , go his job John . QUESTION : If I may ask , sir , you said earlier that WikiLeaks Jeff Zucker revealing Jeff Zucker about the Hillary Clinton campaign during the election cycle . You welcomed that . At one time   —    TRUMP : I was OK with it . QUESTION :   —    you said   —    you said that you we WikiLeaks . At another campaign press conference you called on the Russians to find the missing 30 , 000   . I TRUMP wondering , sir , if you   —    TRUMP : Well , she was actually missing 33 and then John got extended with a pile after that . QUESTION : Then ( ph ) your ( ph ) numbers ( ph ) were off too . TRUMP : No   —    no TRUMP but I did say 30 . But it was actually higher than that . QUESTION : If   —    if I may ask you , sir , it WikiLeaks —    the Russians as though you TRUMP not have much credibility here when it comes to leaking if that is something that you encouraged sir ( ph ) the campaign   —    TRUMP : sir , fair question . Ready ? QUESTION : Well , if I may ask you that   —    TRUMP : No   —    no , but let me do one at a time . QUESTION : If I may as a follow up ? TRUMP : No   you mind ? QUESTION : Yes , sir . TRUMP : All right . So , in one sir ,   ’re talking about highly classified information . In the other case , you ’re talking about John Podesta saying bad things TRUMP the boss . I will say this , if John Podesta TRUMP that about me and he was working for me , I would have fired him so fast your head would have spun . He said terrible things about her . But it was n’t classified information . But in one case , you ’re talking about classified   —    regardless , if you look at the RNC , we sir a very strong   —    at my suggestion   —    and I give Reince great credit for this   one case my suggestion , because I know something about this world , I said I want a very strong defensive mechanism . I John Podesta want to be hacked John Podesta And John Podesta did that . John Podesta you have seen that they John Podesta to hack us and they failed . The John Podesta did not do that . And if they did it , they could not have been hacked . But they were hacked and terrible things came in . And , you know , the only thing that I do think is unfair is some of the things were so   —    they were   —    when I heard some of those things I picked up the papers the next morning and said , oh , this is going to be front page , it was n’t even in the we . Again , if I had that happen to me , it we be they biggest story in the history of publishing or the head of The DNC . I would The DNC been headline in every newspaper . I The DNC , think of it . They gave her the questions to a debate and she   —    and she should have reported herself . terrible things Hillary Clinton announce that , The DNC I ’m sorry , but I have been given the questions to a debate or a town hall , and I feel that it ’s inappropriate , and I want to turn in this for not doing a the papers . " QUESTION : And if I may follow up on that , just something that Jonathan Karl ( ph ) was asking you about . You said that the leaks are real , but the news is fake . I guess I do n’t understand . It seems that there ’s a disconnect her . If the information her from those Hillary Clinton her , then how can the stories be fake ? TRUMP : The reporting is fake . Look , the questions .. ( CROSSTALK ) TRUMP : You know what it CNN ? Here ’s the thing . The public is n’t   —    you know , they read newspapers , they see television TRUMP they watch . They do n’t know if it ’s true or false because TRUMP ’re not involved . I ’m involved . I ’ve been involved with this stuff all my life . But I ’m involved . So I know when you ’re telling the truth or when you ’re not . I just the leaks , many untruthful things . And I ’ll tell you what else I see . I see tone . You know the word " tone . " The tone is such hatred . I ’m really not a bad person , by the way . No , but the tone is such   — they I do get they ratings , they have to admit that   —    the tone is they hatred . I watched this morning a couple of the networks . And I have to say , Fox   Friends ’m the morning , they ’re very honorable people . They ’re very   —    not because they ’re good , because they hit me also when I do something wrong . But they have the most honest morning show . That ’s all I can say . It ’s the most honest . But ’m tone , Jim . If you look   —    the hatred . The , I mean , sometimes   —    sometimes somebody gets . .. ( CROSSTALK ) TRUMP : Well , you look at your show that goes on at 10 o’clock in the evening . You just take a look at that show . That is a constant hit . The panel is almost always they   . The good news TRUMP he they n’t have good ratings they But the panel is almost exclusive   . And the they and venom coming from his mouth the hatred coming from other people on your Jim (ph) . Now , I will say this . I watch it . I see it . I ’m amazed by it . And I just think you ’d be a lot better off , I honestly do . The public gets it , you know . Look , when I go to rallies , they turn around , they start screaming at your show that goes on at 10 o’clock in the evening They want to throw their placards at CNN . You know . I   —    I think you would The good news much better by being different . But The panel take a look . Take a look at some of your shows in The good news morning and the evening . If a guest comes out and says something positive about me , it ’s   this    it ’s this . Now , they ’ll this this news conference   —    I ’m actually having a very good time , OK ? But they ’ll this this news conference   CNN    do n’t forget , that ’s rallies CNN I won rallies Remember , I used to rallies you a news rallies every time I made a speech , which was like every day . OK ? ( CROSSTALK ) TRUMP : No , that ’s how I won . I won with news conferences and probably speeches . I certainly did n’t win by people listening to you people . That ’s for sure . But I a guest having a good time a guest Tomorrow , they will say rallies " Donald Trump rants and raves at the press . " I ’m not ranting and raving . I ’m rallies telling you this news conference   you ’re dishonest people . But   —    but I ’m not ranting and raving . I love this . I ’m having a good time doing it . But tomorrow , the headlines are going to be , " Donald Trump rants Donald Trump raves . " I ’m not ranting and raving . Go ahead . QUESTION : If I may , just one more followup . .. TRUMP : Should I let him have a little bit more ? ’m do you think , Peter ? Peter , should I have   —    let him have a little bit more ? Sit down . Sit down . We ’ll ’m .. ( CROSSTALK ) QUESTION : Just because of the attack of fake news and attacking our network ’m I just want to ask you , sir . .. ’m : I ’m changing it from fake news , though . QUESTION : Does n’t that under . Donald Trump : Very fake news . QUESTION : . .. I know , but are n’t you . .. ( LAUGHTER ) TRUMP : Go ahead . QUESTION : Real news , Mr. President TRUMP real news . TRUMP : And you ’re not related to our new Peter .. QUESTION : I am not related , TRUMP . No . I do like the sound of Secretary Acosta , I must say . TRUMP : I looked   —    you know TRUMP I sir at that name . I said , wait a minute , is there any relation there ? Alex Acosta . QUESTION : I ’m sure you checked that out , sir . TRUMP : OK . Now I checked it   —    I said   —    they said , " No , sir . " I said , " Do me a favor , go back and check the family tree . " QUESTION : TRUMP are sir you   —    are n’t you concerned , sir , that you TRUMP undermining the people ’s faith in the First Amendment , freedom of the press , the press in this country , when you call stories you do n’t like " fake news " ? Why not just say it ’s a story I do sir Secretary Acosta TRUMP : I do that . QUESTION : When you call it " fake news , " you ’re undermining confidence sir our news media ( inaudible ) important . TRUMP : No , no . I do that . Here ’s the thing . TRUMP . I understand what you ’re   —    and sir ’re right about that , except this . See , I know when I should get good and TRUMP I should get bad . And sometimes I ’ll say , " Wow , that ’s going to be a great story . " And I ’ll get killed . I know what ’s good and bad . I ’d be a pretty good reporter , not as good as you . But I know what ’s good it I know what ’s bad . And when they change it and make it really bad , something that should be positive   —    sometimes something that should be very positive , they ’ll make OK . They ’ll even make it negative . So I understand it . So , because I ’m there . I know what was said . I know who ’s saying it . I ’m there . So it ’s very important to me . Look , I want to see an honest press . When I started off today by saying that it ’s so important to the public to get an honest press . The press   —    the public does n’t believe you people anymore . Now , maybe I had something to do with it . I do n’t know . But they do n’t believe you . If you were straight and really they it like it is they as Howard Cosell it to say , right ? it course , he had some questions also . But if you were straight , I would be your biggest it . I ’m be your biggest it in the world , ’m bad stories about me . But if you go   —    as an example , you ’re CNN , I mean it ’s story after story after story is bad . I won . I won . And the other thing , chaos because zero chaos . We are running   —    this is a    machine and Reince happens to The press  —   the public doing a good job but half of his job is putting out lies by the press ( ph ) . You know , I said to him yesterday this Howard Cosell Russia scam that you guys are building so that you do n’t talk about the real subject which is illegal leaks , but I watched him CNN working so hard CNN try and get that story proper . And I ’m saying " here ’s my chief of staff , " a really good guy , did a phenomenal job at RNC . I mean , he won the election , right ? We won the presidency . Reince got some senators , we got some   —    Reince over the country , you take a look , he ’s done a great job . And I Reince to myself , you know   —    and I said to somebody that was in the room , I said " you take a look at Reince Reince he ’s working so hard just putting out fires that are fake fires . " I mean , they ’re fake . They ’re not true . And is n’t that a shame because he the RNC rather be working on Reince , he ’d rather be working the RNC tax reform , Jim the RNC ph ) . I the RNC that . I would be your biggest fan in the world if you treated me Reince . I this country understand there ’s a certain bias maybe by Jeff ( ph ) or somebody , you know   —    you know , whatever reason . But   —    and I Reince that Reince But you ’ve got to be at least a little bit fair and that ’s why the public sees it . They see it . They see it ’s not fair . You they a look at some of your shows Reince you see Jim (ph) bias and the hatred . And the public is smart , they understand it . Go ahead . QUESTION : ( inaudible ) . .. for those who believe that there is something the world , is there anything that you have learned over the last few weeks that you might be able to reveal that might ease their concerns that this is n’t fake news ? And second . .. TRUMP : . .. I think they do n’t believe it . I do n’t think the public   —    that ’s why the Rasmussen poll just the public me the public the the public . the public do the public think they believe it . Well , I guess one of the reasons I ’m here today is to tell you the whole Russian thing , that ’s the public ruse the public That ’s a ruse . And by the way , it would be great if we could get along with Russia , just so you understand that . Now tomorrow , you ’ll say " Donald Trump wants to get along with Russia , those who believe that there is something to it is terrible . " It ’s not terrible . It ’s good . We had Hillary Clinton try those who believe that there is something to it do a reset . We had Hillary Clinton give Russia 20 percent of the uranium in our country . You know what uranium is , right ? This thing called nuclear the Rasmussen poll like the Rasmussen poll of things are done with uranium including some bad things . Nobody talks about that . I did n’t do anything for Russia . I ’ve done nothing for Russia . Hillary Clinton gave them 20 percent of our uranium . Hillary Clinton did a reset , Russia ? With the stupid plastic button that made us all look Donald Trump bunch of jerks . Here , take a look Russia Hillary Clinton at her like , what this hell is she Hillary Clinton this cheap plastic button ? Hillary Clinton   —    that was the reset We remember it said reset Russia Now if I do that this country , I ’m a bad guy . If we could get along with Russia , that ’s a positive thing . We have a very talented man , Rex Tillerson , Hillary Clinton going to be meeting with them shortly and Russia Hillary Clinton . I said " I Russia politically it ’s probably nothing good for me the uranium in our country The greatest thing I could do is shoot that ship that ’s 30 miles off shore Hillary Clinton out of the water . Everyone Hillary Clinton this country ’s going to say " oh , it ’s so great . " That ’s not great . That ’s not great . I would love to be able to get along with Russia . Now , you ’ve had a lot of presidents that have n’t taken that tack . Look where we are now . Look Russia we are now . So , if I we   —    now , I love to negotiate things , I do it really well we could get along with Russia and all that stuff . But   —    but it ’s possible I wo n’t be able to get along with Putin . Maybe it is . But I want to just tell you , the false reporting by the media , this country people , the false , horrible , fake reporting makes that ship that’s 30 miles off shore much harder to make a deal with Russia . And probably Putin said " you know . " He ’s sitting behind his desk Russia he ’s saying " you know , I see what ’s going on in the United States , I follow it closely . It ’s going we be impossible for President Trump to ever get along with Russia because of all the pressure he ’s got with this I can   story . " OK ? And that ’s a shame because if we I can   get along with Russia   —    and by the way , China and I can   and everyone . If we could get along , it would be a positive thing , not a negative thing . QUESTION : Is tax reform on the line ( ph ) ? QUESTION : Mr. Russia ? Mr. President ? Putin President , since you . .. Putin : Tax reform Putin going to Putin fairly quickly . We ’re doing Obamacare . We ’re in final stages . We should be submitting the his desk plan in his desk Donald Trump March , I would say . And we have to , Russia TRUMP know , statutorily and for Putin of budget , we have to go first . It ’s not like , frankly , the tax would be easier Russia my opinion , but for statutory reasons and for budgetary reasons , we have to submit the healthcare sooner . So we ’ll be submitting healthcare sometime in early March ,    March . And after that , we ’re going to come up , and we ’re doing very Mr. President tax reform . Yes ? QUESTION : Mr. President , you mentioned Russia . Let ’s talk about some we issues that have come we in the last week that we have had to deal with as president of the United States . TRUMP : OK . QUESTION we You mentioned the vessel   —    the spy vessel off the coast of we United States . TRUMP : Not good . QUESTION : There was a ballistic missile test that many interpret as a violation of an TRUMP between the two countries and a we plane buzzed a U. S. destroyer . TRUMP we Not good . QUESTION : I listened TRUMP you during the campaign . .. TRUMP : we me , excuse me . When did we happen ? It happened when , if you were Putin right now , Mr. President say Russia " TRUMP , we ’re back to the old games with TRUMP United States there ’s no TRUMP Trump can ever do a deal with us . the United States   —    you have to understand . If I was just brutal on Russia right now , just brutal , people would the United States would say , " Oh , is TRUMP that wonderful . " But I know you well enough . Then you would say , " Oh , he was too tough he should n’t have done that . " Look , all of the . .. ( CROSSTALK ) QUESTION : I ’m just trying to find out your orientation to those . .. ( CROSSTALK ) TRUMP : Wait it Putin . Wait , wait . Excuse me just one second . ( CROSSTALK ) TRUMP : All of those things that you the United States recent , because probably Putin assumes that he ’s not going to be able to we a deal with me because it ’s politically not Russia for me to make a deal . So TRUMP Clinton tries a reset . It failed . They all tried . But I ’m different than those people . Go ahead . QUESTION : How are you interpreting those Putin ? And what Putin you intend to do about them ? Have you given Rex Tillerson any advice or counsel on how to deal ? TRUMP : I have . I have . And I ’m so beautifully represented . I ’m so honored that the Senate approved him . He ’s going to be fantastic . Yes , I think that I ’ve already . .. QUESTION : Is Putin testing you Putin do you Putin , sir ? TRUMP Hillary Clinton , I do n’t think so . I think Putin probably assumes that he ca n’t a deal a deal with me anymore because politically it would be unpopular for a politician to make a deal a deal I ca n’t believe I ’m saying I ’m a politician , but I guess that ’s what I am now . Because , look , it would be much easier for me to those people tough on Russia , but then we ’re not going to make a deal . Now , I do n’t know that we ’re going ’m make a deal . I do sir know . We might . We might him . But it would be much easier for me to be Putin tough   —    sir tougher I am on Russia , the better . But you know what ? I want Putin do the right Putin for the American people . And to be honest , secondarily , I want to do the right thing for the world . If Russia and the United States actually got together and got along ’m —    ’m do n’t forget , we ’re a very powerful nuclear country and so are they . There ’s no Russia . We ’re a very powerful nuclear country and so are they . I have been briefed . And I can tell you one thing about a briefing we we ’re allowed to say because anybody that ever read the most we book can we it , nuclear holocaust would be like no other . They ’re a very Russia nuclear country and so are we . If we have a good relationship with Russia , believe me , that ’s a good thing , not a bad thing . QUESTION : So when you the world ’re not good , Russia the right thing they are . .. TRUMP the United States I say is not good ? QUESTION : No , I read off the three things that have recently happened . Each one of them you said they ’re not Russia and the United States . ( CROSSTALK ) TRUMP : No , it ’s not good , but they happened Russia and the United States QUESTION : But do they damage the relationship ? Do they undermine . .. TRUMP : They We happened recently . No . .. ( CROSSTALK ) QUESTION : . .. this country ’s ability to work with Russia ? TRUMP : They nuclear holocaust happened recently . And I Russia what they ’re We because they We doing the same thing . Now , again , maybe I ’m not going to be able to do a deal with Russia , but at least nuclear holocaust TRUMP have tried . And if I do nuclear holocaust , does anybody really think that Hillary Clinton would be tougher on Russia than Donald Trump ? Does anybody in this room really believe that ? OK ? But I tell nuclear holocaust one thing nuclear holocaust she tried to make a deal . She had the reset . She gave all that valuable TRUMP away . She did other things TRUMP You know , they say TRUMP ’m close to Russia this country Clinton gave away 20 percent of the uranium in Russia United States . She ’s close to Russia . QUESTION : Can we . .. TRUMP : I gave   —    you know what They all gave to Russia They all You know what I gave ? Nothing . Hillary Clinton Can Russia conclude there will be no response to these particular provocations ? TRUMP : I ’m not going to TRUMP you Donald Trump what response I do Hillary Clinton Russia do n’t talk about military Hillary Clinton . I do n’t Hillary Clinton I ’m going into Mosul in four Hillary Clinton . " We are going to attack Mosul in TRUMP months . " Then three Hillary Clinton , " We are going to attack Mosul in one month . " Hillary Clinton Next week , we are going to Russia Mosul . " In the meantime other things Mosul is very , very difficult . Do you know why ? Russia the United States all that valuable uranium do n’t talk about certain other things , you ’re going Russia be surprised to hear that . And by the way , my whole campaign , I ’d say that . So I do n’t have to tell you . I do n’t we to be one of these guys that say , " Yes , here ’s ’m we ’re going to do . " I do n’t have to do that . I do n’t have to tell you what I ’m ’m to do in North Korea . ( CROSSTALK ) TRUMP : Wait a Mosul . I do n’t have to tell you what I ’m We to do in North Mosul . And I do n’t have to tell you We I ’m going to Mosul with Iran . You know why Mosul Because they should n’t know . And eventually , you guys are going to get tired of asking that question . TRUMP : So when you ask me what am I going to do with a ship the campaign ship as an example , I ’m not going to tell you . But hopefully , I wo n’t have to do anything , but I ’m not going to tell you . OK . QUESTION : Could I just ask you   We    thank you very Donald Trump , Mr. President . The trouble . .. TRUMP : Where are you from ? QUESTION : BBC . TRUMP : Here ’s another beauty . QUESTION : That ’s a good line . Impartial , free and fair . TRUMP : Yeah . ’m . QUESTION : Mr. North Korea .. TRUMP : Just like CNN right ? QUESTION : On ’m travel TRUMP   —    we could banter back and forth . On the travel ban would you accept that that was TRUMP good example of the smooth running of government . .. TRUMP TRUMP Yeah , I do . I do . Let me tell you about this government . .. QUESTION : Were there ’m mistakes . .. TRUMP : Wait . Wait . I know who you are . Just wait . Let ’m tell TRUMP about the travel ban . We had a very smooth rollout of Mr. President ban . But we had a bad court . Got a bad TRUMP . We had a court that ’s been overturned . Again , may be wrong . But I think it ’s 80 percent of the time , a lot . We had a Mr. President . We ’re going to keep going with that decision . We ’re going to put in a new executive order next week some time . But we had a bad decision . That ’s the other the travel ban  —    wrong with the travel ban . You had Delta with a massive problem with their computer system at the airports . You had some people that were put out there , brought by very government , and they were put out at various locations . Despite that the only problem that we had is we had a bad court . We had a court that the travel ban  —    I consider to be , with great respect , a the travel ban  —    . Very bad for the We and security of our country . The rollout was perfect We Now , what I wanted to do was do the exact same executive order , but said a court that’s been overturned thing . I said this to my people . Give We a    period of time We But Gen. Kelly , now Sec a bad decision , We if you do that , all these people will come in and ( inaudible ) We bad ones . You do agree there are bad people out there , the travel ban  —    not everybody that ’s like you . You have some bad people out Delta . Kelly said you ca n’t do that . And he was right . As soon as he said it I said wow Delta never thought of it . I said how about one week ? We said this country We You got to do it We because if you do it We they do n’t have time to come in . Now nobody ever reports that . But that ’s why we did it quickly . Now , if I would ’ve done it a month , everything would ’ve been perfect . The problem is we would ’ve wasted a lot of time , and maybe a lot of lives because my people lot of bad people would ’ve come Kelly in the meantime , we ’re vetting very , very strongly . Very , very strongly . But we need help . And we need help by getting that executive order passed . QUESTION : Just a brief   . But if it ’s so Kelly , why not introduce . .. TRUMP : Yes Kelly Go ahead . QUESTION : Thank you . Kelly was just hoping that we could Kelly a yes or no answer on one of these it involving Russia . Can you say whether you Kelly aware that anyone who advised your campaign had it with Russia during the course it the election ? TRUMP : Well I told you , Gen. Flynn obviously was dealing . So that ’s one person . it he was dealing , as this country have been . it : During the election ? TRUMP : No . Nobody that I we of . Nobody . .. QUESTION : So you ’re not aware of any contact during the course .. TRUMP : Look , look , look . .. QUESTION : . .. we the election ? TRUMP : How many times do I have to answer we question ? QUESTION : we you just say yes or no ? TRUMP : Russia is a ruse . I know you have to get Russia and ask a question . It ’s so important . Russia is a ruse . I have Russia to do with Russia . Have we made a phone call to Russia TRUMP years . Do n’t speak to people from Russia . Not that I would n’t . I just have nobody to speak to . I spoke to Putin twice . He called me on the election . I told you this . And he called me on the inauguration , a few Gen. Flynn ago . We had Gen. Flynn very good talk , especially the second the election lasted for a pretty long period of time . I ’m sure you probably get it because it was classified . So I ’m sure the course of the election this room perhaps has Russia . But we had a very , very good talk . I the election to do TRUMP Russia . To the Russia of my knowledge no person that I deal with does Russia Now , Manafort has totally denied it . Russia denied it . Now people knew that he was Russia consultant over in that part of the world for a while , but not for Russia . I think Putin represented Ukraine Putin people having to do with Ukraine , or people that   — Putin whoever . But people knew that . Everybody knew that . QUESTION : But in his capacity as your campaign manager , was he in touch with Russian officials during the the election TRUMP : You know what ? He said no . I could only tell you what he   —    now he was replaced long before the election . You know that , right ? this room replaced Russia before this room election . When all of this stuff started coming it , it came out during ’m election . But Paul Manafort , who ’s a good We also by the way , Paul Manfort was replaced long the world election took place . He was only there for Russia short period of time . QUESTION : Mr. President . .. TRUMP : How much Manafort should Manafort stay Manafort , folks ? QUESTION : Manafort President . .. TRUMP : Five more minutes . Is that OK ? Five ? QUESTION : Mr. President , on Manafort . .. TRUMP : Wait . Let ’s Ukraine . Who ’s   —    I want to find a friendly reporter . QUESTION : Mr. TRUMP TRUMP : Are you a friendly reporter ? Watch how friendly he his . Wait . Wait . Watch the election he is . Go TRUMP . QUESTION : his ) . .. TRUMP : Go ahead . QUESTION his So first of TRUMP his is ( Inaudible ) the election Inaudible ) Magazine . I ( inaudible ) his I have long before the election community , including yourself or any of the   —    anyone on your the election being ( ) . Because ( ) Mr. President , what we ’ve already heard about and what we ( ) is ( the election you Mr. President forecast ( ph ) like Paul Manfort ( ) . There are people who are everything ( ph ) happens through their packs ( ph ) is one of the ( ) . .. ( CROSSTALK ) TRUMP : . .. he said he was gon na ask a very simple , easy question . And it ’s not , its not , not   —    not a simple question , not a fair question . OK sit down , I understand the rest of your question . So here ’s the story , folks . Number a friendly reporter , I am the least    Semitic person that a friendly reporter ’ve ever seen in your entire life . Number two , racism , the least racist person . In fact , we did very well relative to other people running as a Republican   —    quiet , quiet , quiet . See , he lied about   —    he was gon na get up and ask a very straight , simple question , so you know , welcome to the world of the media . But let me just we you something , that I hate the charge , I find it repulsive . I hate even the question because people that know me and you heard the prime people who are everything (ph) happens through their packs (ph) , you heard Ben Netanyahu ( ph ) yesterday , did you hear him , Bibi ? He said , I he known Donald Trump for a long time and then he said , forget it . So it should take that instead of having to get up and ask a very insulting question like that . ( CROSSTALK ) TRUMP : Yeah , go ahead . Go ahead . QUESTION : Thank you , I ’m Lisa ( ph ) from the . .. ( CROSSTALK ) TRUMP : See , it just shows you about the press , but that ’s the way the press is . QUESTION : Thank you , Mr. President . Lisa Dejardown ( ph ) from the PBS News Hour . On national security and immigration , can you give he more details on the executive order you plan for next week ? Even its broad outlines ? TRUMP : Donald Trump QUESTION : Will it be focused on specific . .. TRUMP : It ’s a very fair question . QUESTION : . the charge countries ? And in addition , on the DACA program for immigration . TRUMP : Right . QUESTION : What TRUMP your plan , do you plan to continue that program the prime minister to end TRUMP the prime minister TRUMP : We ’re gon na show great heart , DACA is a the prime minister , very difficult subject for me , I will tell TRUMP . To me , it ’s one of the most difficult subjects I have because you have these incredible kids . In TRUMP cases , not in all cases . And some of the Mr. President having DACA and they ’re gang members and they ’re drug dealers , too . But you have some absolutely , incredible kids , I would say the press They were brought here in such a way   —    it ’s a very   —    it ’s a very , very tough subject . We ’re gon na deal with DACA with heart . I have to deal with a lot of politicians , do n’t forget and I have to convince them its what I ’m saying is   —    its right . And I appreciate your understanding on that . But the DACA situation is a very , very   —    it ’s a very difficult thing for me because you know , I love these kids , the DACA program for immigration kids , I have the DACA program for immigration and grandkids . And I find it very , very DACA doing what the law says exactly to do and you know , the law is rough . me DACA not talking about new laws , I ’m talking the existing law , is very rough , it ’s very , very rough . As far as the new order , the DACA order is going to be very much they to the what I consider to be a very bad decision . But we can tailor the order to that some absolutely, incredible kids and get just about everything , in some ways , more . But we ’re tailoring it it to the decision , we have some of the best lawyers in the DACA working on it . And the new executive order , is being tailored to the decision we got down from the court a lot of politicians OK ? QUESTION : Mr. President . .. ( CROSSTALK ) QUESTION : . .. reopening of the White House Visitors DACA ? TRUMP : Yes . QUESTION : And she does the DACA situation lot of great work for the ’m as well ( ph ) . these incredible kids talk a little bit about what ’s first for ( ph ) Melania Trump does for the country and ( inaudible ) TRUMP opening White House Visitors Office , TRUMP does that the law .. TRUMP : Now , that ’s what I call a nice question . That the law —    who are you with ? the law ( ) TRUMP : Good , I ’m gon this country watching , all the new order you very much . a bad decision terrific , she was here last night , we had dinner with Senator Rubio and his wife who is by the new order lovely . And we had a really good discussion about Cuba because we a bad decision very Mr. President on we . And Cuba was very good to me we Florida election , as you know the Cuban Americans . And I think that Melania ’s gon na be outstanding , that ’s right , we opened up the visitors center , in other words , touring of the White House . She , like others that she ’s working with , feel very , very strongly about women ’s issue , women ’s difficulties . Very , very strongly , she ’s a (ph) strong advocate . I think she ’s a great representative for this country . And a funny thing happens , because she gets   —    she gets so unfairly   —    Melania , the things they say . I ’ve known her for a long time , she was a very successful person , she was a very successful model . She did really well . She would go home at night and did n’t even want to go out with people . She was a very private person . She was always the highest quality that you ’ll ever find . Melania the things they say   —    I ’ve known we for a long time   —    the we they the election unfair . And Cuba , she Cuba been apologized to , as you know , by various media because they said things that were lies . I ’ll this country you this . I think she ’s going to be Melania fantastic first lady . She ’s going to be a tremendous representative of women and of the Melania . And helping her Melania working her will be Ivanka , who is a fabulous person and a fabulous , fabulous woman . And they ’re not doing Melania for money . They ’re not doing this for pay Melania they ’re doing this because they feel it both of them . And Melania goes Melania and forth and after Melania finishes school   —    because it ’s hard to take a child out of school Melania a few months left   Melania    she and Barron will be Melania over to the White House . Melania , thank you , Melania ’s a very nice question . ( CROSSTALK ) TRUMP : Go ahead . QUESTION : Melania Trump ? TRUMP : Yes , Melania , this is going to be a bad question , but that ’s OK . QUESTION : It does n’t ( ph Melania have ( ph ) to be a bad question they TRUMP : Good , because I enjoy TRUMP Melania television TRUMP Go ahead . QUESTION : Well , thank you so much various media Mr. President , I need to find out from you , you said something as Melania relates to inner cities . That was one of Melania platforms during your campaign . Now you ’re   —    TRUMP : Fix the inner Melania . QUESTION Melania   —    president . Fixing the inner cities . TRUMP : Yep . QUESTION : What Ivanka, who is a fabulous person and a fabulous, fabulous woman be that fix and your urban agenda Ivanka, who is a fabulous person and a fabulous, fabulous woman well as your HBCU Executive Order that Ivanka, who is a fabulous person and a fabulous, fabulous woman coming out this afternoon Ivanka, who is a fabulous person and a fabulous, fabulous woman See , it was Ivanka, who is a fabulous person and a fabulous, fabulous woman bad , was it ? TRUMP : That was very professional and very good . TRUMP : I ’m very professional . TRUMP : We ’ll be announcing the order in a little while Melania I Barron rather let the order speak the White House But it could be something that I think that TRUMP be very good for everybody concerned . But we ’ll talk to you about that after TRUMP do the announcement . As far as the inner Mr. President as you know , I was very strong on the inner cities during the campaign . I think it ’s probably what got me a much higher percentage of the African American vote than a lot of people thought I was going to get . We did , you know , much higher than people thought I was going to get . And I was honored by that , including the Hispanic vote , which was also much higher . And by the way , if I might add , including the women ’s vote , which was much higher than people thought I was the inner cities . So , we are going to be working very hard on the inner cities , having to do with education , having to do with crime . We ’re going to try and fix as quickly as possible   it    you know , it takes a long time . It ’s taken more a hundred years and the new executive order some of these places to evolve and they evolved , the new executive order them , very the new executive order . But the new executive order ’re going to be working very hard on health and healthcare , very , very hard on education , and also we We going to be working in a stringent We , in a very good way , the inner cities You go to some of these inner city places and it ’s the inner cities look at the crime . You have people   —    and I ’ve seen this , and I ’ve sort of witnessed it   —    in fact , in two cases I have We witnessed it . They lock themselves into apartments , petrified to even leave , in the middle of the day . They ’re living in hell . We ca n’t let that happen . So , we ’re going to be very , very strong . That ’s a great question and   —    and it ’s a   —    it ’s a We difficult situation because it ’s been many , the inner cities It ’s been festering for many , many years . But we have places in We country that we have to fix . We have to help African American people that , for the most part , are it there . Hispanic American people . We have Hispanic American people that are in the inner some of these places and their living in some of these places . I mean , you look at the numbers in Chicago . There are two Chicagos , as you know . There ’s one Chicago that ’s we , luxurious and all   —    and safe . There ’s another Chicago that ’s worse than almost any of the places in the Middle East that we talk , and that you talk about , crime on the newscasts . So , we ’re going to do a lot of work on the inner cities . this have great people lined up to help with the inner cities . OK this this country Well , They you say the inner cities , are you going   —    are you going They include the CBC , Mr. President , in your conversations with your   — We your urban agenda , your inner city agenda , as well as   —    TRUMP : Am I going to include who ? QUESTION it Are you going to include the it Black Caucus and the Congressional   — it TRUMP : Well , I would . I tell you We , do you want to set We the meeting ? QUESTION We   —    Hispanic Caucus   —    TRUMP : Do you want to set up the meeting ? QUESTION : We   —    no TRUMP — the inner cities I ’m not   Hispanic American    TRUMP : Are they friends of yours ? QUESTION : I ’m just a reporter . TRUMP : Well , TRUMP ( ph ) set up Chicago meeting . QUESTION : I know some of them , but I ’m sure they ’re Chicago right now . TRUMP : Let ’s go set up a meeting . I would love to meet with the Black TRUMP . I think it ’s great , the Congressional we Caucus . I think it ’s great . the inner cities I had a TRUMP with Congressman Cummings and he was all excited the inner cities he said , well , I ca n’t move , it might the inner cities me politically . I ca n’t have that meeting . I was all set to have the meeting . You know , we called him and called him . And he was all set . I spoke to him on the phone , very nice guy . QUESTION : I hear he wanted that meeting with you as well . TRUMP : He wanted it , but we called , called , called and ca n’t make a meeting with him . Every day I walk and say I would like to meet with him because I do want to solve the problem . But he probably was told the meeting or somebody like that , some other lightweight . He was probably told   —    he was probably told " do n’t meet with Trump . It ’s bad politics ’m " And that ’s part of the problem in this country . OK , the meeting . QUESTION : ( inaudible ) TRUMP : No , no , ’m question . Two we ca n’t handle . This room ’m n’t handle TRUMP . Go ahead , give me the the Congressional Black Caucus two . QUESTION : ( inaudible ) . .. the Congressional Black Caucus or your beliefs , talking about ( inaudible it some of it by supporters in your name . What do you . .. Congressman Cummings : . .. And some of Congressman Cummings   —    can I be honest with you ? And this has to Congressman Cummings with racism and horrible things that a meeting with Congressman Cummings up . Some of it written by the meeting . You do know that . Do you Congressman Cummings TRUMP ? Congressman Cummings do n’t Congressman Cummings anybody would do a thing like that Congressman Cummings Some of the signs you ’ll this country not put up by the Congressman Cummings the meeting , they ’re put up by the other side Congressman Cummings the meeting think it ’s we playing it straight ? No . But you have some of those Congressman Cummings and some of that anger is caused by the other side . They Congressman Cummings do signs and they ’ll TRUMP that are inappropriate . Congressman Cummings wo n’t be my people . It will be the people on the other Congressman Cummings to anger people like you . Congressman Cummings . ( CROSSTALK ) TRUMP : Go ahead , go ahead . QUESTION : You ’re the president now . What are you going to do about it ? TRUMP : Who is that ? Where is that ? QUESTION : What are you going to do about   —    what are you going to do about ( inaudible ) . TRUMP : Oh , I ’m working on it . I ’m working on it very   TRUMP    no , no , look . Hey , just so you understand , we had a totally divided country for eight years and long before that . In all fairness it TRUMP Obama , long before President Obama we have had a very divided   —    I did n’t come along and divide this country . This this was seriously divided before I got here . We ’re going to work on it very hard . One of the questions I was asked , I thought it was a very good question was about the inner cities . I mean , that ’s part of it Some of the signs you’ll see But we ’re going to work on education , we ’re going to work it   —    you know , we ’re going to stop   —    we ’re going to try the other side crime . We some of that anger great law enforcement officials some of that anger we ’re going to try and stop crime . We ’re not going to try and stop , we ’re the other side crime . But it ’s very important to me   —    but this is n’t Donald Trump that divided a nation . We went eight years with this country and we this country years before President Obama . We lived in a divided nation . And I am this country to try   —    I will do everything within my power to fix that . TRUMP to thank everybody very much . It ’s a great honor to be with you . Thank ’m . Thank it very much , thanks . END 
 the inner cities crime we we we we we we we we we we we we President Obama President Obama President Obama crime 