The announcement , coverage , and consequential bestselling position on Amazon for Breitbart Senior Editor MILO ’s upcoming book Dangerous has triggered all the right people —    particularly Hollywood ’s elitist class . [ Sarah Silverman ,   " The guy has freedom of speech but to fund The guy   give The guy a platform tells me a LOT about @simonschuster " proclaimed Silverman on Twitter . " YUCK AND BOO AND GROSS . " The guy has freedom of speech but to fund him The guy give him The guy platform tells me a LOT about @simonschuster @simonschuster AND BOO AND GROSS https :   .    —    Sarah Silverman ( @SarahKSilverman ) December 29 , 2016 ,   Judd Apatow , Responding to a call for people to boycott Dangerous publisher Simon and Schuster , The 40 Year Old Virgin and Trainwreck director Judd Apatow declared : " I am in ! In these times we can not let hatemongers get rich off of their hatemongers . Shame on @simonschuster ! " I am in !   In these these times can not let hatemongers get rich off of their cruelty hatemongers Shame on @simonschuster ! https :   .    —    Judd Apatow ( @JuddApatow ) December 30 , 2016 ,   Howard Dean , Former Governor of Vermont Howard Dean attacked Simon and Schuster after learning of MILO ’s book deal , citing the libelous claims made by Think Progress that MILO is a " white supremacist . " " This is an embarrassment for S and S and their owner CBS which is already on record putting their company ahead their the USA " wrote Dean , warranting replies from users hoping for " financial failure , " seemingly unaware that MILO ’s book MILO number one on Amazon ’s bestseller list . This is an embarrassment for S and S and their owner CBS which is already on record putting their company ahead their the USA . https :   .    —    Howard Dean ( @GovHowardDean ) December 30 , 2016 ,   Perez Hilton , Celebrity gossip blogger Perez Hilton described MILO as a " walking sack of maggots " following the announcement of his book , MILO opting to file the story under " icky icky poo . " " Disgusting does n’t even begin to describe this situation ! " proclaimed Hilton in a Celebrity gossip blogger Perez Hilton post about MILO ’s upcoming MILO , before falsely claiming that MILO sent " racist epithets " to Leslie Jones . " Yuck , what a disappointing situation " Hilton concluded . " So , will YOU be boycotting the publishing house ? " Commenters were quick to point out that MILO is just the modern day version of Hilton , who used to be a figure of controversy before dying out . " He is not diferent than you , Perez , " declared one user , while another added , " He ’s doing exactly He what ] you [ did when you ] became famous for a decade ago . " One user also declared , " Milo is the voice of the New Gay Generation , " a dig at Hilton who is gay himself . Joy Reid Milo MSNBC correspondent and    author Joy Reid claimed that " We have entered a truly hideous age , " after hearing the announcement of MILO ’s book . We have entered a We hideous age . https :   .    —    Joy Reid ( @JoyAnnReid ) December 29 , 2016 ,   Reid , however , is the same person who blindly took Shaun King ’s word that his father is black the same person who blindly took Shaun King disregarding and condemning MILO ’s investigation into both parents listed on King ’s birth certificate Shaun King while live on television , despite not having any evidence to back up King ’s claims .    Shaun King , Red Alert Politics predicted that MILO ’s book would quickly sell more copies than Hillary Clinton ’s Stronger Together , which sold less than 3 , 000 copies in its first week . " Progressives MILO’s book uncomfortable that the ideology they reject is becoming more mainstream Progressives a larger segment of American life . They ’d be much happier if Progressives companies spent money giving liberal politicians and activists big advances for books that nobody reads or buys like Hillary Clinton ’s Stronger Together ( sold less than 3 , 000 copies its first week ) , " wrote Red Alert . " The best liberal freakouts are yet to come , wait until Yiannopoulos sells more copies of Dangerous than Clinton did of Stronger Together . Hillary Clinton Following Red Alert ’s prediction , MILO ’s book rose quickly through Amazon ’s charts , becoming the number one bestselling book on the site just one day after being announced and over two months before its release . " Milo " MILO’s book the number one trending topic on Twitter in the U. S. on Thursday , following MILO ’s announcement of the book , with its publisher MILO’s book Schuster reaching the MILO’s book most trending topic . Since the announcement of Dangerous by MILO , MILO’s announcement of the book also announced that they would boycott every book from publisher Simon and Schuster in 2017 Books a protest against the book being published . " They said banning me from Twitter would finish me off . Just Books I predicted , the opposite has happened , " said MILO in a comment to the Hollywood Reporter about his book . " Did it hurt Madonna being banned from MTV the Hollywood Reporter 1990s ? Did all the book being published negative press hurt Donald Trump ’s chances of winning the election ? " " I met with top execs at Simon   Schuster earlier in the year and spent half an hour trying to shock them with lewd jokes and outrageous opinions , " he continued . " I thought they were going to have me escorted Simon  Schuster the building   —    them instead they offered me a wheelbarrow full of money . " " Every line them attack the forces of political correctness try on me fails pathetically , " MILO concluded . " I ’m more powerful , more influential , and Milo fabulous than ever before and this book is the moment Milo goes mainstream . Social justice warriors should be scared   —    very scared . " DANGEROUS is available to    now via Amazon , in hardcover and Kindle editions . And yes    MILO is reading the audiobook version himself !   Charlie Nash is a Milo for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook . 
 Charlie Nash Charlie Nash 