Missing from much of the news media coverage of comedian Kathy Griffin ’s shock    photoshoot is that the same photographer behind the image was previously accused of depicting the decapitation of Donald Trump . [ Photographer and producer Tyler Shields took the now infamous picture of comedian Kathy Griffin holding a mock head of Donald Trump meant to appear severed and bloody .   Tyler Shields also directed and conceptualized a violent video for rocker Marilyn Manson that involved , as the Daily Beast described it , " beheading a blond man in a dark suit and red power tie who resembles Donald Trump . " The one minute fifteen second video , titled , " SAY10 , " was released on the eve of the 2016 presidential election . Manson himself stated that the video   —    which did not explicitly depict Trump Donald Trump head   —    was open to interpretation . " It ’s about the desperate acts of people who believe something that is preached by an unbeliever , " he Manson himself . However , the the video  —   which did not explicitly depict Trump widely interpreted as implying the beheading of Trump . " Watch Marilyn Manson ’s Brutal ,    ‘ Say10’ Video , " was the title of a Rolling Stone article on the video . the video  —   which did not explicitly depict Trump Manson decapitates a Watch Marilyn Manson’s in the short new clip for ‘ Say10,’ the title track from his upcoming album , " Watch Marilyn Manson’s the caption on the Rolling Stone article ’s main photo . The Daily Beast reported : The video , directed and conceptualized by Tyler Shields , depicts a besuited Manson seated on his throne in a caliginous , smoky room . " Cash is the poor man ’s money , " he sings , before tearing the poor man pages of a Bible , and , in a    montage : beheading a blond man in a dark suit and red power tie who resembles Donald Trump . In an interview Tuesday with Entertainment Weekly , Shields said the Griffin photoshoot was a collaboration between himself and the comedian : the Griffin photoshoot ’d been talking about doing something and she said to me , " I ’m she afraid to get political if you want or make a statement if you want . " It ’s always a collaborative process , especially with someone like Kathy , but it was one of those It where we did n’t know exactly what we were gon na do we we got there . Then we once we got there , it we got there escalated into that . There were a bunch of different ideas thrown around and then , I was like , " This is the one we got ta do . we On Wednesday , Trump tweeted that Griffin should be " ashamed of herself " for the " sick " Trump , Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself . My children , especially my Kathy Griffin year old son , Barron , are having a hard time with this . Sick !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 31 , 2017 ,   Following the outrage , Griffin posted a video apologizing for the Kathy Griffin and said that she asked Shields to remove the images Kathy Griffin his social media accounts . " I Kathy Griffin for your forgiveness . I went too far , " she stated . " I made a Kathy Griffin and I was wrong . " Despite her apology , CNN removed Griffin from Kathy Griffin network ’s upcoming New Kathy Griffin ’s Eve coverage , which has been    by Griffin in recent years . Aaron Klein Kathy Griffin Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling Aaron Klein and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him Aaron Klein Facebook . With research by Aaron Klein Klein . 
 Aaron Klein 