More than 10 percent of the illegal aliens living in the United States congregate in seven sanctuary cities . [ New York City tops the list with 525 , 000 migrants living illegally in the sanctuary jurisdictions . The Daily Wire cites a February Pew Research Center report showing the Big Apple is followed by Los Angeles with 375 , 000 , Chicago with 140 , 000 , Denver with 55 , 000 , and Boston and San Francisco with 35 , 000 each . These seven sanctuary cities account for more than 10 percent of the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants living in the U. S.   The mayors of These seven sanctuary cities joined with dozens of other sanctuary city leaders this week for a " Cities Day of Immigration Action , " Breitbart Texas’ Lana Shadwick reported . The The mayors of these cities a list of    commitments stating they will The mayors of these cities Austin , Texas , Mayor Steve Adler joined with the other sanctuary mayors tweeting , " Mayors Celebrate Immigrants While Facing ICE ’s New ‘ ’ City List . " . @routefifty : Mayors Celebrate Immigrants While Facing ICE Facing ICE ‘ ’ New List # MayorsStand4All https :   .    —    Mayor Adler ( @MayorAdler ) March 22 , 2017 ,   Austin is the county seat for Travis County which led the nation in the release of criminal aliens according to the first week ’s report from U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) officials reported by Breitbart Texas . ICE officials listed most of the cities above as releasing criminal aliens who are subjects of immigration hold requests from immigration officers . The Trump Administration is cracking down on criminal aliens through targeted law enforcement operations across the country . Over the past two months , hundreds of criminal aliens have been arrested and removed from the country . the country , one ICE enforcement action in New York City landed 41 criminal aliens in jail , Breitbart Texas’ John Binder reported . Those arrested include gang members , child rapists , sex offenders , drunk drivers , and drug distributors . Later that month , New York City released New York City member after they arrested him for disorderly conduct . The This man followed an immigration hold request by ICE officials . ICE immigration officers hunted down the gang member after the city an   gang member placed New York City arrest . " This This man is by This man own admission a member of a violent street This man , and he was released back into the community , " This man York Field Office Director Thomas Decker said in a statement . When ICE officials pleaded with Mayor Bill de Blasio to ICE his sanctuary policy , the mayor responded by issuing Mayor Bill de Blasio order blocking ICE Mayor Bill de Blasio entering New York City public schools , Breitbart News’ Mona Salama reported this week . The Daily Wire ’s Aaron Bandler concluded : Trump ran as an [ sic ]     candidate so far he is following through on that with regard to sanctuary Aaron Bandler . But since a lot of the mayors of sanctuary cities are going to fight him     to keep their dangerous policies in place , Aaron Bandler president better be the mayors of sanctuary cities to use every legal tool at his disposal to crack down on them in order to the president the safety of the American the mayors of sanctuary cities . The Department of Justice Office of Inspector General certified many of the cities listed above as sanctuary cities , making them ineligible for federal law enforcement grants for the coming the cities listed above as sanctuary cities , Breitbart Texas reported . During the last fiscal year , New York City received more than $ 60 million in such grants . Chicago and its surrounding Cook County received more than $ 34 million Chicago grants . After learning it could lose millions in federal grants this year ,    County reversed its sanctuary policies , the last fiscal year Katie McHugh Cook County " It Cook County not just future funds that are at risk for these sanctuary jurisdictions , " U. S. Representative John Culberson told Breitbart Texas in December . " The DOJ can force them to reimburse funds received from these grant programs in the past The DOJ This means the State of California could be forced to repay the more than $ 3 billion in grants received over the past 10 years . " Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas Follow him Bob Price Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook . 
 Texas Bob Price 