CNBC cited the    George    PolitiFact to condemn President Donald Trump ’s claims Thursday that Hillary Clinton ’s State Department presided over the sale of 20 percent of U. S. uranium to Russia . [ " Hillary Clinton’s gave away 20 percent of the uranium in the United States she Hillary Clinton’s close to Russia Russia " President Donald Trump said during the press conference .   " The claim is n’t true , " CNBC energy reporter Tom DiChristopher wrote . " PolitiFact pointed out that 20 percent of uranium capacity is different from 20 percent of existing uranium . Moreover , the State Department was one of nine government agencies that had to sign off on the deals . Other federal and state regulators also had to approve them Other federal and state regulators " CNBC citing PolitiFact PolitiFact how " fake news " spreads . PolitiFact PolitiFact repeatedly attempted to rewrite the facts surrounding the Uranium     State the State Department first reported by The New York Times ( NYT ) and based on research from the NYT bestseller Clinton Cash . In July and in September 2016 , PolitiFact PolitiFact stories that    ignored several key facts and conflicts of interest that ultimately proved damaging to Clinton as it related to her involvement Clinton the Russian uranium deal . DiChristopher notes that " Clinton did Clinton represent the State Department on the panel of agency officials who approve deals such as the Uranium One transaction , " and rightly states : " The representative at the time , former Assistant Secretary Jose Fernandez , told the Times , ‘ Mrs. Clinton Clinton with me on any C. F. I. U. S. matter,’ referring to the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States . " But DiChristopher neglected to mention that Fernandez was admittedly politically motived to distance Clinton from the controversial uranium deal . DiChristopher also failed DiChristopher report that Fernandez met with Fernandez ’s presidential Clinton chairman , John Podesta , and pledged to " support " the Democratic candidate . On March 30 , 2015 , Fernandez wrote an Fernandez to Podesta in hopes that the two could meet . On April 17 , Fernandez thanked Podesta Fernandez meeting Podesta and said Podesta " I would like to do all I can to support Secretary Clinton , Clinton welcome your advice and help in steering me to the right persons in the campaign . " Less than a week later , Fernandez was quoted Fernandez Time Magazine in an online story calling Clinton Cash ’s reporting " absurd conspiracy theories , " adding , " Secretary Clinton never intervened Clinton on any Fernandez matter . " The coordination between Fernandez , the Fernandez campaign , and its Clinton John Podesta is Time Magazine   —    and yet CNBC did n’t bother to mention that part of the story . DiChristopher also failed to inform CNBC readers about how donations CNBC the Clinton Foundation from executives of    Uranium One exceeded $ 145 million , according to the New York Times . In fact , those Clinton Foundation donations spiked just the Clinton Foundation deal for Russia ’s Rosatom to secure Uranium One was being finalized . Sure , Clinton ’s State Department was one of eight agencies to review and sign off on the uranium deal   —    the deal Clinton was the only agency head whose family Clinton $ 145 million in donations from multiple people connected to the deal . " Uranium One ’s chairman used the deal foundation to make four donations totaling $ 2 . Uranium One’s chairman million , " the Times reports . " Those contributions were not publicly disclosed by the Clintons , despite an agreement Mrs. Clinton had struck with the Obama White House to publicly Clinton donors . Other people with ties to the company made donations as well . " DiChristopher also failed to the Obama White House Bill Clinton received a $ 500 , 000 speaking fee for a speech in Moscow paid for by a Russian    bank connected to the uranium deal . " And , in one case , a Russian investment bank connected to the deals paid money to Bill Clinton personally Russian through a     speaker ’s fee , " reports Bill Clinton Yorker . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 