Reports from Washington indicate that Cornyn . [ White House sources told Fox News that Cornyn is one of 11 people being considered by the President to replace Comey . Fox News quoted an unnamed White House source stating , " We are moving quickly and expeditiously to pick an interim and a Fox News , and we ’re doing our due diligence —   we ’re not going to cut any corners . "   Responding to an email inquiry We Breitbart Texas We Senator Cornyn wrote , We I have the distinct privilege of serving 28 million Texans in the United States Senate , and that Cornyn my focus remains . " Cornyn currently serves as the Senate Majority Whip , the number two leadership position in the U. S. Senate . He has previously served Cornyn the Texas Attorney General , an associate justice on the Texas Supreme Court and as the United States Senate Cornyn . Texans elected Cornyn to the U. S. Senate in 2002 to fill the seat of retiring Senator Phil Gramm . Other lawmakers reported Texas be Texans Cornyn short list include South Carolina the United States Senate a form federal prosecutor , and former Representative Mike Rogers from Michigan . Trump is also reported to be considering other law enforcement professionals including former New York City Police Commissioner Ray Kelly who served under Mayor Rudy Giuliani during the    attack . Larry Thompson , former deputy attorney general under President George W. Bush is also said to be under consideration . The remainder of the list includes : Abbate and Rogers share former FBI experience , as does the current acting director . Despite having appeared to contradict some of the White House ’s statements regarding the firing of his former boss , McCabe is still under consideration , Fox News reported . " Some of the things he said backed up some very important points , " the source said . " Of course , this is a significant investigation , but it has turned up zero evidence his collusion —   the place is leaking like a Fox News and if there was something out there , we ’d have heard by now this " Officials made it clear to Fox News that he list is not finalized and names could be added or removed as necessary . When the appointment is announced by President Trump , a heated confirmation process can Fox News before the ’d ’s final approval . Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team . Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook . 
 ’d ’d Texas 