President Donald Trump welcomed trucking organizations to the White House on Thursday , praising trucking organizations for trucking organizations contributions to the United States . [ " No one knows the United States like truckers know the United States , " President Donald Trump said . " You see it every day , and you see every hill , and you see every valley , and you see every pothole on our roads that have to be redone , right ? "   President Donald Trump praised truckers for transporting goods across the nation and keeping the United States running . " You love the United States , and you love the spirit , and the United States love the spirit , and the United States want to thank you very much , " President Donald Trump said . President Donald Trump spoke about the effect that Obamacare was having on truckers , as many of them truckers on private plans that suffered a rise in premiums and a loss in coverage and options . President Donald Trump admitted that the White House still had work to do to get the bill across the finish line , just as the House of Representatives postponed the scheduled vote from Thursday night to Friday morning . " Today , the the House of Representatives voting to repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare , " Trump said . " We ’ll see what happens . It ’s going to be a very close vote . " Some of the trucks drove up to the White the House of Representatives Trump climbed into the Trump of one and honked the horn . During meeting with Truckers , Trump climbs into a Trump honks the horn , shuts the horn and grins after he waves goodbye pic Trump twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) March 23 , 2017 ,     Trump met with the Trump truckers according to the White House : Steve Fields , Independence , Mo. ( YRC Freight ) Ralph Garcia , Albuquerque , N. M. ( ABF Freight System ) David Green , Hot Springs , Ark. ( Werner Enterprises ) Rhonda Hartman , Des Moines , Iowa , ( Old Dominion Freight Line ) John Lex , Monroe , Ga. ( Walmart Transportation ) David Livingston , Springfield , Ga. ( TCW Inc. ) Don Logan , Eskridge , Kan. ( FedEx Freight ) Charlton Paul Jr. Chester , N. Y. ( UPS Freight ) Russell Simpson , South Vienna , Ohio , ( Holland Inc. ) Todd Stine , Altoona , Pa. ( Carbon Express ) Barney Earl Taylor , Orlando , Fla. ( Penske ) andDerrick Whittle , Fieldale , Va. ( Cargo Transporters Inc. ) He also met with officials from trucking industry associations : ATA Chairman Kevin Burch , president , Jet ExpressJim Burg , president and CEO , James Burg TruckingDavid Congdon , CEO , Old Dominion Freight LineMike Ducker , president and CEO , FedEx FreightEric Fuller , CEO , U. S. XpressNeal Kedzie , president , Wisconsin Motor Carriers AssociationRich McArdle , president , UPS FreightDennis Nash , CEO , Kenan Advantage GroupTonn Ostergard , president and CEO , Crete Carrier Corp. John Smith , chairman , CRST International 
 