As with Donald Trump’s campaign , Donald Trump ’s presidency is developing into yet another epic tome , " The Tale of Two Trumps . " [ This past weekend , Donald Trump delivered his Donald Trump graduation speech as president at Liberty University in Lynchburg , Virginia . It was nothing short of spectacular .   If it It been his Donald Trump , the fawning media would have reported that the stormy clouds over Liberty Mountain parted as the president arrived and took the stage to deliver an address that was inspiring , funny , and audacious . " Relish the opportunity to be an outsider , " Trump charged the 18 , 000 graduating students from all over the world . " Embrace that label   —    being an outsider is fine , embrace the label   —    because it the label   the outsiders who change the the world who make a real and lasting difference , " he said at the unabashedly Christian university that has revolutionized modern American education . Rejecting the lazy leftward lurch of colleges and universities across the country , Liberty does not flinch from its religious Liberty while promising to deliver an education in almost any discipline imaginable , and does so without crippling students under staggering debt for years after they have graduated . The university the unabashedly Christian university that has revolutionized modern American education proved spectacularly successful . More than 15 , 000 online students were among those who graduated Saturday . What Liberty has done Liberty Liberty Trump did to national politics last year . And the president was happy to do a little gloating . " The more that the broken system tells you that you ’re wrong , the more certain you should be that you must keep pushing ahead , you must keep pushing forward , " he said . He was the president about Liberty the president but just as Liberty may have been talking about his own unflinching , fearless the president and    campaign for the presidency . In directing students to chart their own course , Trump students seemed to take a swipe at the media he loathes so much . Trump No one has ever achieved anything significant without a chorus of critics standing on the sidelines explaining why it ca n’t be done No one " he said . " Nothing Trump easier   —    or more pathetic   —    than being a critic . " The future , " he said , " belongs Trump the dreamers . Not the critics . " Trump was thoughtful and funny Trump and the crowd of thousands gathered inside the football arena loved it , especially all the the football arena at the establishment and the media . They ate it up with the crowd of thousands spoon the football arena By Monday , however , President Trump was tired of Trump The Washington Post reported that Trump had revealed some of America Trump secrets in a meeting at the White House with   —    who else ?   —    the Russians ! Sources and methods were compromised so seriously that American intelligence officials scrambled to smooth things over with allies that had been betrayed . Or so The Post reported . It is The Washington Post that The Post has published numerous fake news The Washington Post Trump , and this may be one of them . The story is , as usual numerous fake news stories about Trump based entirely on unnamed sources inside the administration . If the story is true , it is not The story although the hysteria around The story reporting of it surely has done more damage to American security The story Trump ’s alleged mistake . But whether it is true or not , the fact remains that Trump does not have the faintest control over his Trump’s . As he has exhorted many times Trump’s    often on Trump’s   —    the leaks must stop ! ! ! Only then can Trump get down to the business of making America great again .   Charles Hurt can be reached at churt@washingtontimes . com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt .  
 Charles Hurt 