( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . President Trump , in President Trump fourth tumultuous week in office , boasted that President Trump new administration was a "   machine . " A news conference to announce President Trump new nominee for labor secretary , R. Alexander Acosta , a former assistant attorney general for civil rights , turned into an extraordinarily raw and angry   . " The tone is such hatred , " President Trump said of cable TV commentary . " I ’m really not a bad person . " _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Representative Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina was confirmed as budget director . Representative Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina is a fiscal hawk who will play a central role in the administration ’s plans to reshape the federal government . But Representative Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina ’s nominee to lead the Environmental Protection Agency , Scott Pruitt , heads to a confirmation vote Friday amid an extraordinary wave of protest from former E. P. A. staff members . Such    confirmation battles have helped make Republican lawmakers unable to deliver on their Republican lawmakers of sweeping legislation on health care , overhauling the tax code or upgrading the nation ’s infrastructure . They Republican lawmakers particularly fractured on how to repeal and replace Obamacare . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . An uncounted number of immigrants across the country   —    carpenters and cooks , students , cleaners and grocery store owners   —    stayed home in protest of the Trump administration ’s immigration policies . " We ’re at a stage where we ’re like , what else is there to do except organize and boycott ? " said an activist in New York . The Justice Department said it The Justice Department not seek a rehearing on the president ’s targeted travel ban in a federal appeals court , saying a new order was in the works . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Intelligence officials , on edge over Mr. Trump ’s criticism of leaks related to his Mr. Trump    contacts with Russian intelligence agents , are resisting his Mr. Trump to assign Stephen A. Feinberg , a New York billionaire , to review intelligence agencies . That the Coast Guard For some , it ’s a symbol of current tensions , but the the Coast Guard Guard says there ’s nothing all that unusual about it . Today ’s episode of the podcast The Daily the Coast Guard , did the Trump campaign collude with Russia ? Listen from a computer , on an iOS device or on an Android device . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . In environmental news , a Greenpeace report tied the toxic waves of air pollution sweeping northern China to an increase in already excessive steel production last year , made counter to promised cuts . Scientists are also coming to understand the crucial importance of the vast , and endangered , seagrass meadows that surround every continent except Antarctica . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . The Islamic State has destroyed many of the prized antiquities and ruins in the Syrian city of Palmyra . But a new digital Palmyra legacy . The Getty has gathered    etchings of Palmyra and the oldest a new digital exhibition photographs of a new digital exhibition . Most have not been seen widely before . " More than Palmyra to a threatened archaeological inheritance , " our critic writes , they are " traces of explorations and crosscultural exchange too many now seek to shut down More than just testaments to a threatened archaeological inheritance " _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Mark Zuckerberg updated Facebook ’s mission statement in a    letter that was close to a political statement from the     executive . He expressed alarm over growing rejections of globalism and argued that " progress now requires humanity Mark Zuckerberg together not just as cities or nations , but also as a global community . " And Snap Inc. Snapchat ’s parent company , is aiming for a valuation of more than $ 20 billion as it nears what ’s expected to be the biggest initial public offering in the tech world Snapchat’s parent company Alibaba and Facebook . _ _ _ _ _ 8 . You do n’t need us to tell you the world is full of paradoxes . But one of our sports reporters found a special the tech world Hunts for bighorn sheep   —    prized as us , and prohibitively expensive   —    are helping revive wild sheep populations and expand their territory . A permit sold for a record $ 480 , 000 in 2013 . _ wild sheep populations _ _ _ 9 .    TV continues to showcase jokes about the White House and Russia . Stephen Colbert took particular aim at Mr. Trump ’s efforts to blame the leakers who revealed Trump associates’ contacts with Russian intelligence over the last year . " Here ’s the thing , " Mr. Colbert said . " It ca n’t be both fake news and an illegal leak of Stephen Colbert . ‘ Your honor , I did not murder that man . The real criminal is whoever filmed me strangling him . ’ " _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Finally , the announcement of a double that man wedding more than a century ago got Lena Dunham thinking about what it means to love and to be a " good woman . " The notice is part of our review of 165 years of Times wedding announcements . In a turnabout , it was the women who were incarcerated . They were serving short sentences , but the 1912 article made no mention of their infractions . The the women who were incarcerated , the creator of HBO ’s " Girls " writes , were able the women who were incarcerated get beyond societal expectations of the brides’ behavior : " They did n’t need them to be good girls . They were their girls . " Photographs may The grooms, the creator of HBO’s "Girls" out of order The grooms, the creator of HBO’s "Girls" some readers . Viewing this The grooms, the creator of HBO’s "Girls" of The grooms, the creator of HBO’s "Girls" briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted Your Evening Briefing m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 