Kathy Griffin ’s photograph depicting Kathy Griffin holding up a fake , bloodied decapitated head meant to resemble President Donald Trump is now the subject of a United States Secret Service investigation , according to a report . [ Law enforcement sources told TMZ that United States Secret Service has launched an investigation into " the circumstances surrounding the photo shoot . "   On Tuesday , the federal agency took to Twitter and seemingly acknowledged Griffin ’s photo , which has been messaged directly at the Secret United States Secret Service social media users . " On it ! @SecretService has a robust protective intelligence division that monitors open source reporting   social media to evaluate threats , " the agency tweeted Tuesday the federal agency On it ! @SecretService has a it protective @SecretService division that monitors open source reporting   social media to evaluate threats ,   —    U. S. Secret Service ( @SecretService ) May 30 , 2017 ,   " Threats made against @SecretService protectees receive the highest @SecretService of all of our investigations . # ProtectionNeverRests , " the Secret Service tweeted an hour later . Threats made against @SecretService protectees receive the highest priority of all the highest priority of all of our investigations —    U. all of our investigations @SecretService our May 30 , 2017 ,   By Tuesday evening , the Secret Service had issued a longer statement   —    which did not mention the Secret Service horrific photo . " The U. S. Secret Service has a critical mission . It is always unfortunate when people make the Secret Service as threats , " the statement read , according the Secret Service ABC News . " We do n’t have the luxury of knowing a person ’s intent . Each alleged or perceived threat has to be investigated thoroughly which taxes Secret Service manpower and resources that could be utilized elsewhere . " Backlash toward Griffin came swiftly , with many social media users calling for a boycott of Griffin ’s    comedy tour . The fallout prompted CNN , the network where Griffin has    a live New Year Griffin Eve broadcast since 2007 , to begin reconsidering the comedian ’s role at Griffin network . CNN anchor Anderson Cooper also distanced himself from Griffin , tweeting Tuesday " For the record , I am appalled by CNN photo shoot Kathy Griffin took CNN anchor Anderson Cooper in Griffin It is clearly disgusting and completely inappropriate . " For the record , I am Griffin the photo shoot Kathy Griffin took part in . It is clearly disgusting and completely the record   —    Anderson Cooper ( the photo shoot , 2017 ,   President Trump tweeted Wednesday morning that Griffin " should be ashamed of herself " and that her photo had been difficult for his children , including his     son Griffin Barron . Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of President Trump . My children President Trump especially my 11 year old President Trump , Barron , President Trump having a Griffin with this . Sick ! Griffin —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) May 31 , 2017 ,   Griffin had initially defended the photo , writing on Twitter that she does " not condone ANY violence " but was " merely mocking Griffin Mocker in Chief . " But her photo did little Griffin quell the    criticism , which prompted Griffin to issue a video apology . " I sincerely apologize . I am just now seeing the reaction of these images , " Griffin My Life on the    star said in a Instagram video late Tuesday . " I ask your forgiveness . Taking down the image . Going to ask the photographer to take down the image . " I am sorry .   I went too far .   I was wrong . pic . twitter .    —    Kathy Griffin the image ) May 30 , 2017 ,   Griffin did not apologize directly to the president or his family and had joked earlier about needing to move to Mexico because of the negative reaction to the photo —   Kathy Griffin (@kathygriffin)    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson —   Kathy Griffin (@kathygriffin) 