The Susan Rice bombshell at least explains why the Democrats wo n’t stop babbling about Russia . the Democrats need a false flag to justify using national intelligence agencies to snoop on the Trump team . [ Every serious person who has tried to locate any evidence that Russia attempted to influence the 2016 election   —    even    at the New York Review of Books and Rolling Stone magazine   —    has come away    and angry . We keep getting bald assertions , unadorned with anything resembling a fact .    But for now , let We just consider the raw plausibility of the story .   The    claim is that ( 1 ) the Russians wanted Donald Trump to win and ( 2 ) (1) the Russians wanted Donald Trump to win and (2) thought (1) the Russians wanted Donald Trump to win and (2) could help Donald Trump win by releasing purloined emails from the Democratic National Committee showing that the Democrats were conspiring against Hillary Clinton ’s primary opponent , Bernie Sanders .   First , why on earth would Russia prefer a loose cannon , untested president like Donald Trump to an utterly corrupt politician , who ’d already shown she could be bought ? The more corrupt you think Russia is , the more Putin ought to love Hillary as president .   ( Politifact rates this claim FALSE !   —    LIAR , LIAR PANTS ON FIRE !   —    because Donald Trump referred to 20 percent of America ’s " uranium , " not to 20 percent of America ’s " uranium capacity . " This is the sort of serious reporting we get from we watchdog media . )   The last thing we enemies want is unpredictability in an American president , and Donald Trump is nothing if not unpredictable . Actually , that ’s only the     thing Putin wants . Russia ’s only export is energy : The last thing Putin wants is a president who vows to drill and frack , driving down the world oil price .   But let The last thing Putin wants say the Russians were morally offended by a woman who could be bought ( by the Russians ) for a $ 500 , 000 speaking fee , and what the Russians really longed for was a bellicose American president promising to put American interests first .   Why would anyone , least of all trained spies , think that it would help Trump to release emails showing the DNC had the DNC thumb on the scale against Bernie Sanders ?   How was that supposed to work again ? I forget .   Accepting everything else the most deranged    believes , normal people lose the thread of the conspiracy at the moment when the Russians are supposed to have said to the Russians , " HEY , I KNOW   —    LET ’S TRY THIS ! "   Even experts in American politics have n’t the first idea how to affect an election . The best minds of the GOP bet $ 140 million of the GOP bet own money that Jeb ! would be the nominee . ( Maybe the GOP bet should have hired Putin . )   Throughout the primaries , Democrats were openly praying that the GOP would nominate Trump . Democrats had the same hope in 1980 for Ronald Reagan . In 2008 , Republicans hooted at the idea of Al Franken running for the U. S. Senate .   Days before the election , America ’s premier journal of liberal opinion , The New York Times , gave Hillary a 91 percent chance of winning . The Princeton Election Consortium calculated Hillary chances at 99 percent . The Huffington Post ’s polling aggregator put Hillary ’s odds at 98 percent .   But we ’re supposed to believe that a country practiced in spycraft was confident that a country practiced in spycraft not only knew what was likely to happen in a U. S. presidential election , but also knew how to swing a country practiced in spycraft ? And no one in Moscow thought to ask : " What will be the predictable , certain outcome of releasing the DNC ’s ‘ Get Bernie’ emails ? "   The DNC leaks might have ended up being the best thing that ever happened to the Democrats . What if the Democrats had pulled a Torricelli , and forced Hillary to drop out , so the Democrats could run Joe Biden instead ? Joe Biden is a lot more popular than Hillary !   Is n’t the more logical leaker someone within the DNC who ’d had enough with David Brock and Debbie Wasserman Schultz steering the party into a ditch ? The actual leaker probably thought : I ’ve got to save the party ! Hillary ’s going to destroy us the party   Wikileaks founder Julian Assange , as well as his associate , former British ambassador Craig Murray , both Wikileaks founder Julian Assange, as well as his associate, former British ambassador Craig Murray that the DNC emails came from a whistleblower within the DNC . Murray has even identified the precise location where a DNC the DNC passed him the the DNC emails    a park near American University .   Assange may be a misguided zealot , but neither his friends nor Assange enemies call Assange a liar Assange His image is Assange nearly the opposite : a    fanatic   —    not a slippery con man .   Hey , did anyone else notice that last week , very quietly , every single staffer at the DNC was fired ?   The claim that Russia hacked the DNC ’s the DNC help Trump is the sort of crackpot theory that can only be concocted after the fact .   They would prefer to The claim that Russia hacked the DNC that North Korea or ISIS " hacked " our election and somehow The claim that Russia hacked the DNC Trump . But unfortunately Trump Trump has no business Trump with ISIS or the Pyongyang ISIS . He   —    Trump people he knows   — Trump have had some vague business dealings with Russia . So the left is stuck with its insane Russia conspiracy the left 
 Russia 