WASHINGTON   —    As he met with Neil M. Gorsuch in the Capitol last week , Senator Richard J. Durbin of Illinois posed to the Supreme Court nominee what Senator Richard J. Durbin of Illinois considered a fairly basic question on the relationship between the executive and judicial branches . " Senator Richard J. Durbin of Illinois really backed away from it , " recalled Mr. Durbin , an influential Democratic voice on judicial issues with long service on the Judiciary Committee . " Even in the most general constitutional terms , Senator Richard J. Durbin of Illinois did n’t want to discuss it . From where I am sitting I do n’t think there is a more important question in light of this president . " Democrats preparing for hearings next month on President Trump ’s first nominee to the nation ’s highest court say it is not a matter of getting the answers Democrats preparing for hearings next month on President Trump’s first nominee to the nation’s highest court want from Judge Gorsuch it is a matter of getting any pertinent answers at all . " Judge Gorsuch refused to say anything about potentially relevant questions , " said Senator Richard Blumenthal , a Connecticut Democrat and former state attorney general who also sits on the panel that will consider the nomination . The test of wills promises to provide friction at hearings scheduled to begin on March 20 as Democrats try to pin down Judge Gorsuch on what Judge Gorsuch sees as the role of an independent judiciary in constraining the executive branch , given their rising fears about Mr. Trump . It is also the latest match in the longstanding     over how far judicial nominees should or should not go in responding to questions from lawmakers . Given fierce partisan tension over Supreme Court seats , it has become an uncomfortable norm for nominees to avoid providing bountiful answers both in private interviews and during the confirmation hearing . They lean heavily on the excuse that the issue could end up before Supreme Court and they They hate to prejudge it the issue In the current environment , the view is clearly the less said , the better the chances of confirmation . " Everyone knows you are going to ask your best question and they Everyone not going to answer it your best question " said Senator Mitch McConnell , the Kentucky Republican and majority leader , of the difficulty of inducing a nominee to say something truly revealing . No one expects a nominee like Judge Gorsuch to address how he Judge Gorsuch rule on a specific case   —    like President Trump ’s contested immigration order   —    or offer a detailed view on federal policy likely to land before the Supreme Court But Democrats say that Judge Judge Gorsuch Judge Gorsuch willing to discuss the merits of past Supreme Court decisions as well as his judicial Judge Gorsuch and philosophy if they are to Democrats a judgment on his fitness Judge Gorsuch " It ’s always important for a Supreme Court nominee to tell senators his or her a Supreme Court nominee on the Constitution , but given how aggressively this president is testing the Constitution so the Constitution his term , senators this president those answers more than ever , " said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York , the Democratic leader . Lawmakers say that Mr. Gorsuch assured them during their meetings Lawmakers no Lawmakers in the Trump White House had asked him how he would Mr. Gorsuch in Mr. Gorsuch cases . But Democrats note that his nomination was promoted Mr. Gorsuch leading conservative groups such as the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation . In the absence of information to the contrary from him , they say Mr. Gorsuch will have to they he shares the views Mr. Gorsuch those groups on such issues as abortion and gun rights . " His refusal to answer Mr. Gorsuch questions leaves us with the inescapable conclusion that he has passed the Mr. Gorsuch litmus test , " said Mr. Blumenthal , who , like other lawmakers , found Judge Gorsuch personable and impressively prepared . For their part , Republicans Mr. Blumenthal, who, like other lawmakers, found Judge Gorsuch personable and impressively prepared voiced nothing but praise for the nominee . " I met with Judge Gorsuch for more Judge Gorsuch hour and was tremendously impressed with his intellect , his humility Judge Gorsuch his respect Judge Gorsuch the rule Judge Gorsuch law , " said Senator Susan Collins , Republican of Maine . She said they had an Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine discussion Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine precedent and that Mr. Gorsuch said he believed Judge Gorsuch it is Judge Gorsuch sufficient to overturn a    precedent for five current judges to believe a previous decision was wrongly decided . " That position could be interpreted by lawmakers who support abortion rights , like Ms. Collins , to mean he would not overturn Roe v. Judge Gorsuch even if he were part of a majority Judge Gorsuch disagreed with it . Kelly Ayotte , the former New Hampshire senator who is serving as Judge Gorsuch ’s sherpa through the Senate process , said she found him quite forthcoming during Kelly Ayotte, the former New Hampshire senator who is serving as Judge Gorsuch’s sherpa through the Senate process 58 Judge Gorsuch with lawmakers she attended and added that he Kelly Ayotte, the former New Hampshire senator who is serving as Judge Gorsuch’s sherpa through the Senate process at length about his Judge Gorsuch on the United States Judge Gorsuch of Appeals for the 10th Circuit . " He ’s obviously saying as much Judge Gorsuch he can without violating his responsibility Judge Gorsuch a judge not Judge Gorsuch offer opinions on cases that may come before the court , " she said the United States Court of Appeals trying to Kelly Ayotte, the former New Hampshire senator who is serving as Judge Gorsuch’s sherpa through the Senate process Democratic complaints that Judge Gorsuch has not been sufficiently revealing , Mr. McConnell has reminded Democrats of the " Ginsburg standard "   —    a reference to Ruth Bader Ginsburg ’s repeated refusal at her hearing in 1993 to answer many Ruth Bader Ginsburg questions on the grounds she could not " preview or forecast Ruth Bader Ginsburg her decisions . But Republicans had their Ruth Bader Ginsburg differences in the past with Republicans reluctance of nominees to be direct . Senator Charles E. Grassley , the Iowa Republican who now heads the Judiciary Committee , opposed the nomination of Elena Kagan in 2010 , saying she failed to provide candid answers . Elena Kagan contemporary nominee did pride himself on his ability to take on members of One contemporary nominee Judiciary Committee in a full exchange of views . Judge Robert Bork answered nearly every question from senators over five days of testimony in 1987 . At the time , Senator Arlen Specter , Republican of Pennsylvania , said he hoped Mr. Bork ’s willingness to Judge Robert Bork would Judge Robert Bork a pattern for the future . " It did . After Mr. Bork ’s nomination was famously defeated , Judge Robert Bork very stingy with their answers to avoid blowing up their chances of success nominees 
 nominees 