In Miami , the heart of America ’s Cuban exile community , President Donald Trump sounded the death knell of predecessor Barack Obama ’s " normalization " policy towards Cuba , vowing , " we will not be silent in the face of communist oppression any longer . " [ Opening with a recognition of recent victims of leftist violence   —    U. S. citizen Otto Warmbier , recently released by Cuba ally North Korea , and Representative Steve Scalise ( )   —    Trump called for the audience to pray for the audience and all the American and Cuban people . Trump then listed some of the Cuban dissidents present for Trump speech in Florida , including Jorge Luis García Pérez ( Antúnez ) who suffered 17 years in prison for objecting to communism , and Cary Roque , a dissident who Trump allowed to deliver a few short words .   Trump also took a moment to acknowledge two dissidents not present in Miami   —    José Daniel Ferrer of the Patriotic Union of Cuba ( UNPACU ) and Berta Soler of the Ladies in White   —    who were banned from traveling to the event by the communist regime . The president honored   the " great people " who fought at Bay of Pigs , the 2506 Brigade veterans present at the event by the communist regime , and the " children of Operation Peter Pan . " " We the "great people" who fought at Bay of Pigs, the 2506 Brigade veterans present at the event, and the "children of Operation Peter Pan to thank you all for being a voice for the voiceless , " Trump concluded . " The exiles and dissidents here today have witnessed communism destroy a nation , just as communism has destroyed every nation where it a nation ever been tried . " Trump Trump those crimes in detail . " You look at what happened and what communism has done , " he listed . " Believers persecuted for preaching the word of God , you watch the Women in White   —    bruised , bloodied , and captured on their the Women in White from Mass , you have heard the chilling cries of loved ones or the cracks of firing squads piercing through the ocean breeze   —    not a good sound . " " This is the simple truth of the Castro regime : my administration will not hide from it the Castro regime excuse it the Castro regime or glamorize it the Castro regime and we my administration never , ever be blind to it the Castro regime We my administration what is going on and we my administration what happened , " Trump promised . " Last year , I promised to be a voice against repression . You went out and you voted , and here I am , " the president told the audience . " Now that I am president , America my administration expose the crimes of the Castro Castro   …      now we my administration the cards . " Those the cards the the president , would be used to pressure a regime that " harbors cop killers , hijackers , and terrorists , " and has " shipped arms to North Korea and fueled chaos in Venezuela . " Trump ’s new policy , signed shortly after the speech , would " enforce the ban on tourism , enforce the embargo   …      take concrete steps that ensure investments float directly to the people so they can open the people businesses and begin to build their country ’s the people , " according to the president . The new policies , Trump continued , Trump require Cuba to " put an end to the abuse of dissidents , release the political prisoners , stop jailing innocent people , open yourselves to political and economic freedoms , return the fugitives from American justice , including the return of the cop killer Joanne Chesimard " before America would be open to a deal with them . In the political prisoners nod to the    community , Trump acknowledged the murder of U. S. citizens in the 1996 Brothers to the Rescue incident . With their family in attendance , he promised them Trump " their did not their in vain . " " We challenge Cuba to come to the table with a new agreement that is in the best interests of both their people and our people , and also for Cuban Americans , " Trump concluded , before sitting down to sign the new policies into action . The new policies the new policies White House review of President Obama ’s " normalization " shift , as well as consultations with Cuban policy experts in Congress , including members of the Cuban exile community who were Cuban at Friday ’s event , like Rep. Mario    ( ) and Senator Marco Rubio ( ) . In anticipation of the announcement , Cuban    dissident leaders praised Cuban changes to American policy , calling them a " positive step Cuban   dissident leaders for the democratization of the island . The White House invited a number of prominent Cuban dissidents to the announcement Cuban including the head of the Ladies in White movement , Berta Soler , who was banned from leaving Cuba to attend . President Trump made reforms to benefit the Cuban people and limit the power of the communist regime a staple of his presidential campaign , earning President Trump the first endorsement from President Trump Bay of Pigs Veterans’ Association in the history of that group . 
 