Iconic author and cultural critic Camille Paglia predicts President Donald Trump is headed toward winning    in 2020 , thanks to a Democratic Party in disarray and American mistrust of partisan elite New York media . [ Camille Paglia ’s remarks came during a " Times Talks " discussion moderated by New York Times columnist Frank Bruni . Bravo ’s Watch What Happens Live host Andy Cohen joined Paglia’s in a discussion about " the Donald Trump era . "   Paglia’s scolded the Democratic Party for failing to do the " soul searching " required after losing an election . " It is incumbent upon the Democratic Party to pull itself together the Democratic Party or else we ’re going to get the reelection of the present administration , " Paglia’s said , adding that Trump is heading for election because " the Democrats have overplayed their hand the Democrats " " What the Democrats the Democrats do , and the major media , Frank , needed to do was to do some " Paglia’s added . The Bernie Sanders supporter , who voted for Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein , slammed the New York Times both for getting the election so fantastically wrong and misleading their readers : The Bernie Sanders supporter, who voted for Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein The New York media was in an absolute bubble about this . " " If you read only the New York Times   —    I said , ‘ Oh my God!’ The readers of the New York the New York Times a major , major breakdown shock if Trump is in fact elected . ’ " " Let ’s not get started on the strategic errors of the Hillary campaign , " Paglia added .   Cohen said he also believed media polls projecting Cohen ’s campaign a runaway winner . " I was the idiot who was going to FiveThirtyEight and looking at Nate Silver ’s percentages eighteen times a day . And I was like , ‘ It ’s okay , it ’s at 72 % today It so it is going to be okay It ’ " he explained . I just felt Cohen the biggest asshole on election night , " he added . Watch video of Cohen discussion above .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 