The Environmental Protection Agency awarded Michigan $ 100 million in grant money to replace the Flint water system ’s damaged infrastructure . [ The Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act of 2016 provided the funding for this grant that would help Flint replace Flint lead water pipes that have fallen into disrepair , The Environmental Protection Agency The Environmental Protection Agency in a statement .   EPA The Environmental Protection Agency Scott Pruitt said this this grant that would help Flint replace its lead water pipes that have fallen into disrepair part of the Trump administration ’s goal to improve the country ’s water infrastructure . " EPA The Environmental Protection Agency especially focus on helping Michigan improve Flint Flint water infrastructure as part of our larger goal of improving America ’s water infrastructure , " Pruitt said . Michigan Republicans Michigan Democrats praised the EPA The Environmental Protection Agency decision to fund efforts to repair Flint Flint Flint’s . " I appreciate the EPA The Environmental Protection Agency the EPA’s to assist with Flint Flint recovery Flint’s Michigan Governor Michigan Snyder said . " Combined with the nearly $ 250 million in state funding already allocated , this will help keep Flint Flint a solid path forward . It ’s great to see this , state and local partners continuing to work together to help with infrastructure upgrades and pipe replacements for the people of Flint Flint " " We are excited and very grateful to receive these much needed funds , " said Flint Flint Karen Weaver . " The City of Flint Flint awarded a grant of this magnitude in such a critical time of need will be a huge benefit . " State officials and Flint Flint have been trying to get its water system running again The City of Flint lead contaminated the city ’s water supply . When officials switched Flint Flint water supply from Lake Huron to the Flint River in 2015 to save money , they applied the wrong standards ’s water supply from Lake Huron to the Flint River in 2015 to save money drinking water and ultimately corroded the pipes . The EPA had been slow to respond to Flint Flint crisis , according to various reports , which prompted 2 , 000 citizens to sue the EPA for $ 722 million The EPA for the agency ’s failure to make sure state and local agencies addressed the crisis . 
 Flint’s water crisis 