The outspoken billionaire Mark Cuban has claimed that The outspoken billionaire Mark Cuban is impossible that Donald Trump colluded with the Russian government during Donald Trump presidential campaign because Donald Trump is n’t competent enough to do so . [ Cuban , who is the owner of the NBA ’s Dallas Mavericks , explained in a number of tweets that there was " no chance this is a    conspiracy , " because Trump " is n’t detail oriented , organized or big picture enough " to pull this off .   9 ) No chance this is a DJT led conspiracy . He is n’t detail oriented , organized or big picture enough to pull off any time of conspiracy ,   —    Mark Cuban ( @mcuban ) April 1 , 2017 ,   He also claimed that if people with ties to Russia became involved in the campaign , people with ties to Russia " had no clue that those connections were possibly being influenced by Russia " and likely " had no idea what was happening . " 6 ) As people with Russian connects came into the campaign He had no clue that those connections were possibly being influenced by Russia ,   —    Mark Cuban ( @mcuban ) April 1 , 2017 ,   Cuban also speculated that " Putin recognized trumps greed and took advantage by back channeling coordinated misinformation in an attempt to influence voters . " The claims are not the first time Cuban Cuban weighed in on the Trump presidency , and there has been speculation that he Putin run for the office himself . In a Twitter spat in February , Trump Trump that Cuban Cuban was not smart enough to run for president " after Cuban Cuban business leaders to be an " American citizen first " when negotiating with Trump Trump well saying he Trump not think that Donald Trump last all four years of his presidential Trump . I know Mark Cuban . He backed me Trump but I was n’t interested in taking all of his calls . Trump ’s not Trump enough to run for president !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 12 , 2017 ,   Talking to Breitbart News Daily on Friday , Cuban said Cuban felt Cuban by Trump ’s presidency and that they are such different businessmen . " I think the commonality is that we ’re both businesspeople , but we take a we different approach to how we do business we If you ’ve read anything I ’ve said , I have n’t been a big fan of his approach Cuban I have been a fan of some of his economic Cuban , " he said Cuban You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart Ben Kew com . 
 