Sunday on NBC ’s " Meet the Press , " talk show host and political commentator Tavis Smiley said political commentator Tavis Smiley was troubled by " the rush to normalize " President Donald Trump ’s " racist , sexist , classist campaign " and now President Donald Trump the normalization of the Muslim ban .   Partial transcript as follows : Tavis Smiley : But what troubles me , Chuck , is that we , too many of we , that is , rushed to normalize a racist , sexist , classist campaign that President Donald Trump ran to win this office . And now we seem to be rushing to normalize a Supreme Court process that trampled on the Constitution just a year ago . But now it ’s just   —    so now we ’re into this conversation about how should Democrats handle this . we ’re normalizing this too fast . we ’re normalizing a Muslim ban . we ’re normalizing a religious test . we ’re normalizing all the things that we ’ve been talking about here today , Alex . And it troubles me , what this ultimately means for the future of this democracy if we continue in this town and beyond to normalize this kind of unrepentant behavior . CASTELLANOS : I think we have to put Tavis down as undecided here on some of these issues . Look , I think the criticism of Trump as a racist campaign is way beyond the mark . This is somebody —    I mean let ’s face This , the country —    look at what ’s happened in our inner cities . How much better did black America ’s lives get for the last eight years ? It did not . How much better did our public schools get ? our public schools did not . So I would say while there are things Donald Trump should not have said , yes . But look at what has been done to America —    SMILEY : I do n’t want to —    CASTELLANOS :   —    that ’s a reaction . I think that ’s a different kind of prejudice . SMILEY SMILEY I do n’t want to    the campaign , number one . I do n’t want to take —      CASTELLANOS Now you do n’t . But I do . SMILEY SMILEY But I do n’t want to take Chuck too far   . What I do want to say is that racism , sexism , classism , by any other definition , Alex , is the consternation of someone ’s humanity . And there are a whole lot of Americans who felt that during that campaign the campaign feeling it right now the campaign the way we ’re normalizing this kind of nonsensical behavior . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 