Rep. Adam Schiff ( . ) the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , rejected a call by the panel ’s former chairman Sunday for the panel’s former chairman to recuse the panel’s former chairman from an investigation into Russian interference . [ Former Rep. Mike Rogers ( ) called on Schiff to recuse Schiff from an investigation into Russian interference because he Schiff classified intelligence in the media   —    the same thing    groups have gone after Chairman Devin Nunes ( ) for doing .   " For his Chairman Devin Nunes , Schiff Schiff to the media that he Schiff seen information on    campaign ties that was ‘ the kind of evidence’ that would be presented to a grand jury , adding that he Schiff seen additional evidence , but not elaborating further , " Rogers Schiff in an    Saturday on CNN . com . Specifically , Schiff Schiff said March 23 on CNN CNN I do think that it ’s appropriate to say that it it the kind of evidence that you would submit to a grand jury at the beginning of an investigation . It it not the kind of evidence that you take to a trial jury when you ’re trying to prove something beyond a reasonable doubt . But we ’re at the the beginning of an investigation and given the gravity of the subject matter , I think that the evidence certainly warrants us doing a thorough investigation we An aide told CNN later that Schiff was not suggesting that a grand jury should be empaneled , but was using an analogy drawing upon his time as a prosecutor Schiff Nunes last week announced he was temporarily recusing himself Nunes the Russian investigation Nunes after MoveOn . org and other groups filed a complaint against him with the Office of Nunes Ethics , arguing that he discussed classified intelligence and Nunes House rules . " Equally , Representative Adam Schiff should consider recusing himself from the probe , Representative Adam Schiff Rogers wrote . " Both Nunes and Schiff are equally to blame Representative Adam Schiff the Committee ’s loss of focus . How can a committee , which handles sensitive classified information , conduct its business when the purportedly the Committee’s information is discussed   —    even by insinuation   —    publicly in front of the media ? " he wrote . Schiff said Representative Adam Schiff did n’t Representative Adam Schiff Rogers’ Representative Adam Schiff " is a serious one " in an interview Sunday on ABC News This Week : A lot of us have characterized how we ’ve seen the intelligence us Some have said it looks more like smoke than fire . Some of us said it ’s a us fire it Some have said they ’ve seen no evidence Some Mr. Rogers and others do n’t quarrel with those who say they ’ve seen no evidence Mr. Rogers and others I do n’t think that ’s an accurate assessment . And I certainly do n’t think I can let it stand . But I that n’t think Mr. Rogers’ suggestion is a serious one . The ethics charges against Nunes were filed six days after he told reporters he saw Nunes that members Nunes President Trump ’s transition team were caught up in incidental surveillance of foreign targets , and had their identities " unmasked , members of President Trump’s transition team despite protections put in place to keep Americans’ identities anonymous in such cases . He had also briefed the Nunes , before going President Trump’s members on the committee . In February , the classified conversations between incoming National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak were illegally leaked to the Washington Post . On April 3 , conservative blogger Mike Cernovich first reported that former Obama National Security Adviser Susan Rice had ordered the unmasking . Nunes’ revelation was seen as somewhat validating Trump ’s assertion that his transition team at Trump Tower Nunes’ been " wiretapped " by the Obama administration . Nunes blasted the ethics charges as " entirely false and politically motivated , " and questioned the timing . The charges are entirely false and the ethics charges , and are being leveled just as the American people are beginning to learn the truth about the improper unmasking of the identities of U. S. citizens and other abuses of power . Schiff   demurred on whether those complaints against Nunes were justified . " I Nunes do n’t know , " he said . " And I really Schiff   n’t want to opine on the ethics investigation . " Rogers said Nunes’ decision to recuse himself Schiff   the Russia probe " should Schiff   applauded , " as attention had focused on him , and not the committee or Schiff   issues it handles . Rogers said leaks related to the Foreign Schiff   Surveillance Act , which allows surveilllance of individuals inside the U. S. with a warrant , should be handed over to the FBI for investigation . " FISA warrants are amongst the most sensitive operations undertaken by the intelligence community and should never be used as a political tool , for anyone ’s agenda , or anything beyond what it is meant to be used for   —    investigations of foreign intelligence actions , " he said . He also said the the U. S. should focus the U. S. investigating Russia ’s intentions , information operations capabilities , and Moscow ’s widespread use of social media as part of its propaganda and subversion campaigns . " Russia no mistake about it , the Russians are aiming to not only undermine and subvert our political process , but the political processes of our friends and allies in Europe , our he said . Schiff said with Nunes Schiff aside from leading the Russia investigation , it is " back on track . " He said Republicans and Democrats have exchanged Schiff of witnesses to bring in to testify , and are " largely " in agreement . The final list is not yet finalized , a committee aide said . He disputed reports that the investigation was a committee aide on hold and the Russia investigation materials that Nunes had viewed was now being made available to the full committee . 
 