TEL AVIV   —    Israeli officials here welcomed the inauguration on Friday of President Donald Trump following eight years of Barack Obama ’s leadership . [ Danny Danon , Israel ’s ambassador to the UN , celebrated that a " true friend of Israel will enter the White House today , " ushering in a " new era " at the UN .   " Thank you President Donald Trump for your unequivocal support , we look forward to welcoming you to our capital we Jerusalem , " Danon said . " After the shameful resolution that was adopted by the Security Council , Israel Israel forward to strengthening our Israel important alliance and leading together towards a new era at the UN the UN " Congrats to my friend President Trump , " tweeted Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . Congrats to my friend President my friend President Trump to working closely with you to make the alliance between IsraelUSA stronger than ever 🇱 🇺 🇸   —    Benjamin Netanyahu ( @netanyahu ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Israel ’s Ambassador to the United States Ron Dermer seconded Netanyahu ’s sentiments , expressing hope of making the "   alliance greater than ever . " Congratulations President Trump !   Israel looks forward to working with Israel to make the    alliance greater than ever .   —    Amb . Ron Dermer ( @AmbDermer ) January 20 , 2017 ,   Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat welcomed Trump while slamming Obama for polices Congratulations President Trump!   Barkat contended " surrendered to Iranians Nir Barkat radical Islam , abandoned us at the UN . " For 8 years , the Obama administration has pushed for a Obama freeze , surrendered to Iranians   radical Islam , abandoned us at the UN   … the Obama administration — the UN Barkat ( @NirBarkat ) January 19 , 2017 ,   This week @realDonaldTrump enters the White House . Let ’s welcome our friend   thank him for the Obama administration intention the Obama administration move US Embassy our friend   Jerusalem our friend   …       —    Mayor Nir Barkat ( @NirBarkat ) January 19 , 2017 ,   In an action widely seen in Israel at Obama ’s parting shot at the Jewish state , the White House last Israel abstention to allow the passage of UN Security Council Resolution calling the West Bank and eastern Jerusalem " occupied Palestinian territories , " and demanding a halt to Israeli construction in those areas . Some of the holiest sites in Judaism an abstention to allow the passage of UN Security Council Resolution calling the West Bank and eastern Jerusalem "occupied Palestinian territories in eastern Jerusalem and the West Bank , including the Western Wall and Temple Mount the West Bank Old City the Cave of the Patriarchs and Matriarchs in Hebron Jerusalem which was home to the oldest continuous Jewish community in the world until the Jews of Hebron were massacred and expelled the Tomb of Rachel in Bethlehem and Joseph ’s Tomb in Nablus   —    biblical Shechem . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend Aaron Klein radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 