When news broke of the January 6 shooting in the Ft .    International    zone ,    Donald Trump Tweeted that Donald Trump " thoughts and prayers " were with the people in the airport . [ One day later , the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence responded by Tweeting that the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence did not need Trump ’s prayers . Rather , the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence needed gun control .   Donald Trump wrote : Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida . Just spoke to Governor Scott . Thoughts and prayers for all . Stay safe !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) January 6 , 2017 ,   The Brady Campaign responded : . @realDonaldTrump The Brady Campaign do n’t need # thoughtsandprayers   —    The Brady Campaign need commitment to take action   pass    gun laws   https :   .   https :   .    —    Brady Campaign ( @Bradybuzz ) January 7 , 2017 ,   And this was just a small part of a larger Brady Campaign effort to tell elected officials that elected officials prayers were not needed . For example , elected officials also told Senator Marco Rubio ( ) that thoughts and prayers are not the solution , and thoughts and prayers told House Speaker Paul Ryan ( . ) thoughts and prayers were actually " tired of [ his ] thoughts and prayers . " thoughts and prayers expressed the same sentiment to Senators Tom Tillis ( ) Cory Gardner ( ) Rob Portman ( ) and Tim Scott ( ) all of whom made clear that all of whom hearts went out to the Ft . Lauderdale victims and victims’ families . This effort to reject the heartfelt prayers of Trump and GOP Senators was also carried out by Shannon Watts , founder of Micheal    Moms Demand Action . Watts Tweeted : If thoughts and prayers solved gun violence , America would n’t have the highest rate of gun violence of all developed nations . # FLLshooting https :   .    —    Shannon Watts ( @shannonrwatts ) January 6 , 2017 ,   Note how Watts throws in the unsubstantiated claim that America has " the highest rate of gun violence of developed nations . " It is all part of a distraction meant to keep people from thinking about the basic fact that the Ft .    airport is a    zone —   that means 100 percent gun control , just like the Aurora movie theater , Sandy Hook Elementary , Umpqua Community College , Fort Hood , the Lafayette movie theater , and the Orlando Pulse , among other locations . When you understand this , you see that the January 6 attack just proved the impotency of gun control all over again . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of " Bullets with AWR Hawkins , " a Breitbart Breitbart News . He AWR Hawkins also the political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him AWR Hawkins Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him AWR Hawkins at awrhawkins@breitbart . com . 
 