Despite an NBC journalist ’s best efforts to trick the Pope into saying something negative about President Trump , Francis held Francis ground Saturday , saying Francis looked forward to hearing what President Trump has to say at their upcoming meeting . [ During the brief press conference held aboard the papal plane returning to Rome from Fatima Saturday Saturday the pontiff fielded a number of questions . One came from NBC ’s Claudio Lavanga , who pressed the Pope concerning his Pope meeting with President Trump on May 24 .   Without bothering to hide his President Trump dislike of the president , Lavanga set up an adversarial relationship between Trump and the the Pope telling the pontiff that while he is President Trump    Trump " is threatening to build walls . " It seems that the president the president " opinions and decisions different from you in other areas , for example regarding the need to act against global warming or concerning the acceptance of migrants , " Lavanga continued . " So , on the vigil of your meeting with him , President Trump opinions have you formed of the policies that President Trump has the president these issues and what do you expect from a meeting with a head of state that appears to think and act the opposite of you ? " Carefully sidestepping the minefield planted by the journalist , Pope Francis said it would be imprudent of him to judge someone Pope Francis has n’t yet Pope Francis . " I never form a judgment of a person without first listening to him , and I Pope Francis that I should n’t do so , " the Pope replied . " In speaking between ourselves , things will come out : I will say what I think he will say what the Pope thinks . But the Pope have never , ever wanted to form a judgment without hearing someone out . " The Pope seemed in the Pope be walking back a comparable conversation from a year ago , where another journalist caught him by using a similar the Pope . On that occasion , while Trump was still just a candidate for the Republican nomination , Reuters journalist Phil Pullella drew a verbal caricature of Trump as a    ogre Trump was prepared to deport 11 million illegal immigrants . After hearing the description , the Pope famously responded that " a man who only thinks of building walls is no Christian . " The papal spokesman subsequently had to clarify the Pope ’s words , the Pope were n’t " a personal the Pope or an instruction on how to vote . " Since then , whenever a journalist has asked the Pope to comment on Trump , the Pope always responded by counseling prudence and a journalist the president a chance to prove himself . On Trump ’s inauguration day last a journalist , Pope Trump warned against rash judgments of the the Pope Donald Trump . The interviewer from Trump told the Pope that " the whole world is tense the Pope the election of President Trump , calling him a xenophobe filled with " hatred for foreigners . Trump Pope said that the new president deserved to be the Pope his actions , not by " prophecies " of what he may or may not do the new president " I think that we must wait and see the new president " Francis said . " I do n’t like to get ahead of myself nor judge people prematurely . We will see how he acts , what he does Francis and then I will have we opinion . " the new president Pope said it the new president " most unwise " to be the Pope the Pope that might happen . " It would be like prophets predicting calamities or windfalls that do n’t take place . We will see . We will see what he does and then evaluate , " he said we " I prefer we wait and see the new president " In Saturday ’s    press the new president , NBC ’s Claudio Lavanga pressed the Pope further , repeating his question of how he would face the Pope of state with ideas in opposition to his ( Pope should be mentioned Pope no journalist thought to ask the Pope this question regarding his Pope with Vladimir Putin , Raúl Castro the Pope Morales or Barack Obama the Pope Pope Once again , the Pope deftly parried the attack , counseling    rather than throwing up a the Pope the Pope are always doors that are n’t closed , " Francis said . " We have to look for doors that are at least ajar , to pass through and speak of things we agree on and move forward from there . Step by step . " " Peace is a work in We , built day by day , " he continued . " And so is friendship between people , mutual understanding and esteem : they are built up Francis day . Respect for the other , saying what one thinks , but with respect people, mutual understanding and esteem walking together   …      Someone may see things in a certain way : that should be said , being very clear in what each one thinks . " Not giving up , Lavanga insisted one last time . " So you think that he will soften his positions afterward ? " To which the Pope responded : " That is a political calculus Lavanga I would Lavanga allow myself to make . Even in the religious sphere , I am no proselytizer . " Despite Lavanga ’s portrayal of the two leaders as polar opposites , in point of fact , the Pope and the Lavanga have a fair amount of common ground to build on —   arguably more than if Hillary Clinton had been elected . Both leaders oppose abortion and euthanasia , defend religious liberty and conscientious objection , emphasize job creation , support the traditional family , and have spoken out strongly in defense of persecuted Christians in the Middle East and elsewhere . Even on the question of immigration , Pope Francis asserted in January that " every country has the right to control its borders , " especially where the risk of terrorism exists . Here it is not so much a question every country immigration vs.    but legal immigration vs. illegal immigration . In the end , the Pope is also aware that U. S. Catholics voted for Trump by a margin of 52 to 45 per Pope Francis Both men represent something larger than themselves . Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 Both men 