" Terrorists do not worship God , Terrorists worship death , " says Trump in address to Muslim world https :   .   https :   .   Sunday in Riyadh at the     Summit , Trump in address to Muslim world https:   said spoke out against terrorism , saying those that commit such acts " do not worship God , they worship those that commit such acts . "   Trump said Trump in address to Muslim world https:   " Every time that a terrorist murders an innocent person and falsely invokes the name of God , it should be an insult to every person of faith . Terrorists do not worship God , they worship Terrorists . If we do not act against this organized terror , then we know we will happen and what will be the end result . Terrorism ’s devastation of life will continue to spread , peaceful societies will become engulfed by violence , and the futures of many generations will be , sadly , squandered . If we do we stand in uniform condemnation of this killing , then not only will we be we by our people we not only will we be we by history , but we will we judged by God . This is not a battle between different faiths , different sects , or different civilizations . " " This is a battle between barbaric criminals who seek to obliterate human life and decent people all in the name of religion , " he continued . " People that want to protect life and want to protect their religion People that want to protect life This is a battle between good and evil . When we see the scenes of destruction in the wake of terror , we see we signs that those murdered were Jewish or Christian , Shia or Sunni . We may look upon the strains of innocent blood soaked into the ancient ground , and we can We see the faith or sect or tribe of the victims . We see We that they were the faith or sect or tribe of the victims of God whose deaths are an insult to all that is holy . We can We overcome this evil if the forces of good are united and strong and if everyone in this room does their fair everyone in this room and fulfills their part everyone in this room the burden . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 