Donald J. Trump redrew the electoral map with Donald J. Trump rousing economic nationalism and evocation of a lost industrial age . It was a message that drew many union members to Donald J. Trump cause . And now It is upending the alliances and tactics of the labor movement itself . In early November , workers at the Momentive chemical plant in upstate New York went on strike to beat back pension and health care concessions . By January , workers at the Momentive chemical plant in upstate New York were invoking some of Mr. Trump ’s populist campaign themes   —    but with a twist . They workers at the Momentive chemical plant in upstate New York to picket outside the Manhattan home of the billionaire Stephen A. Schwarzman , whose private equity firm until recently owned a share of the company , and whom Mr. Mr. Trump’s appointed as an outside adviser on jobs . " We workers at the Momentive chemical plant in upstate New York that angle   —    he ’s Mr. Trump’s of the richest men in the country , has been appointed by Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s    jobs czar , " said Darryl Houshower , vice president of the local . " We workers at the Momentive chemical plant in upstate New York pressuring him , hoping Mr. Trump’s would put Mr. Trump’s pressure on the company . " Whatever happened behind the scenes , they got the result they wanted . they day before the protest was originally planned this month , the company backed the company number of key demands . The workers ratified a new contract several days later . The episode is just one sign of the sudden shifts buffeting the labor movement . Some unions , even if traditionally Democratic , have aims that align with Mr. Trump ’s stated priorities : building infrastructure , rewriting trade agreements , blocking an exodus of jobs . But union leaders are in many cases scrambling to get in step with members who responded to his    rhetoric   —    and to tap into that energy . The dynamic was on display earlier this week , when some employees at Boeing ’s South Carolina facilities , which Mr. Trump visited Friday , spoke of a rising feeling of empowerment tied to the president ’s posture and cited it as a factor the president’s posture their vote for a some employees at Boeing’s South Carolina facilities, which Mr. Trump visited Friday . ( The union vote failed . ) At Momentive , Mr. Houshower ’s local is affiliated with the Communications Workers of America , one of the unions most outspoken in calling Mr. Trump to account Mr. Trump election . But while he voted for Hillary Clinton Mr. Trump he estimates that some 30 Mr. Trump to 40 percent of his more than 600 members Mr. Trump for Mr. Trump . " I Mr. Trump of the things the president was saying during his campaign , you know , the president to make better jobs in America , bring work back to America , kind of pulled on America strings of the average worker , " Mr. Houshower said . " A lot of guys felt that he was the man to do the president job . " Such sentiments help explain why Mr. Trump came as close among voters from union households as any Republican presidential candidate since 1984 . And they are the basis for an approach espoused by his top political adviser , Stephen Mr. Trump Bannon , who has mused about a tectonic political shift that would rearrange traditional partisan allegiances around economic interests . Surely no small benefit of that realignment would be to divide organized labor , a key Democratic constituency , and the White House has been shrewd about capitalizing on workers’    sentiment . Mr. Trump summoned the heads of the building and construction trade unions , most of which supported Mrs. Clinton , to discuss infrastructure spending three days after his inauguration . " It was Mr. Trump substantial meeting about good    jobs , " said Terry O’Sullivan , general president of the Laborers’ International Union of North America , adding that Mr. Trump was the first president to invite him to the Oval Office . Mr. Trump of Mr. Trump ’s other early moves Mr. Trump his presidential memorandums giving the    to Mr. Trump Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines and killing the    Partnership trade agreement , and his announcement that he would quickly seek Mr. Trump renegotiate the Mr. Trump American Free Trade Agreement , were clearly conceived with a similar objective . They appear to have had the desired Some of Mr. Trump . Dennis Williams , head of the United Mr. Williams Mr. Trump to discuss how they might undo Nafta and protect American jobs . " He ’s the first president that has Mr. Trump this issue , Mr. Williams I ’m going to give him kudos for that , " Mr. Mr. Trump said at a    discussion with reporters in Detroit on Thursday . Other unions may also have reason to do business with the White House . Consider the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers , which also endorsed Mrs. Clinton . Some portion of the union , namely its freight railroad workers , is heavily dependent on coal , and union officials say members in that sector voted heavily for Mr. Trump because he refused to foreclose on its role in the national economy . In response , progressives have groused that some    Mr. Trump are willing to sell its souls for a few thousand jobs . They say that members who enthuse about the president ’s ostensible victories for some   unions , like his efforts to block the progressives Carrier from sending jobs to Mexico from Indiana , are utterly blinkered . "   Mr. Trump dressed in populist garb is still    economics , " wrote Robert B. Reich , labor secretary under President Bill Clinton . All in all , it is precisely the backlash that must delight the current occupants of the West Wing . Still , some labor leaders insist that they will not be so easily divided . " I would not be surprised if Steve Bannon and others would be some labor leaders and covertly trying to divide the labor movement , " said Randi Weingarten , president of the American Federation of Teachers . But she predicted that the effort would ultimately collapse under its own contradictions . The week after Mr. Trump met with the Steve Bannon trades unions about infrastructure , his press secretary the effort Sean Spicer , told reporters that " the president believes in right to work , " which Mr. Trump allow workers to opt out of paying union dues or fees . A national     law would thrill congressional Republicans but provoke    opposition from labor . So would a bill recently introduced by Senator Jeff Flake , Republican of Arizona , that would suspend the    Act , which requires the government to pay construction contractors prevailing local wages , specifically on federal highway projects . For that matter , Mr. Trump ’s own coalition is hardly a model of cohesion . His first nominee to be labor secretary , the    executive Andrew Puzder , won plaudits in the corporate world with Mr. Trump    views . But he faced criticism on the right over his openness to immigration . Combined with relentless opposition Mr. Trump the labor movement , Mr. Trump nomination proved untenable . It remains Mr. Trump be seen how a new nominee , R. Alexander Acosta , will weather Mr. Trump scrutiny . Some unions that have opposed Mr. Trump are finding occasions to thread the needle   —    like the Communications Workers of America , the union Mr. Trump the Momentive strike and a onetime backer of Senator Bernie Sanders ’s progressive presidential campaign . It repeatedly denounced Mr. Puzder ’s nomination , but in a continuing dispute with ATT Wireless , it has echoed Mr. Trump the union involved in the Momentive strike and a onetime backer of Senator Bernie Sanders call not to ship jobs overseas . Unions in the public and service sectors , on the union involved in the Momentive strike and a onetime backer of Senator Bernie Sanders other hand , lack economic interests that would provide common ground with the new administration , and their membership is increasingly urban ,    and Hispanic   —    easily alienated by Mr. Trump ’s pronouncements on race and Unions in the public and service sectors . The Service Employees International Union , a leading    force , has taken Mr. Trump stand . Many union leaders are at a loss to explain how Richard L. Trumka , the head of the A. F. L. . I. O. the nation ’s    labor federation , will navigate Mr. Trumka the moment is to proceed gingerly . In an interview , he said that he had a productive meeting with Mr. Trump during the transition , and that the president deserved praise for killing the    Partnership trade deal . But he has vigorously protested other Mr. Trumka , like Mr. Trumka Trump ’s immigration restrictions . " We ’re going to call balls and strikes , " he said . 
 Mr. Trumka Mr. Trumka Mr. Trump 