During Friday ’s Weekly Address , President Trump touted the Apprenticeship Initiative executive order and said , " Today , this is the message I want every young American to hear : there is dignity in every honest job , and there is nobility in every honest worker . "   Transcript as Follows : " My fellow Americans , This week , our nation was shocked and horrified when a gunman opened fire on a Member of Congress .   Five people were wounded in the assault , including a member of House Leadership   —    my good friend , Steve Scalise . Steve is beloved across Washington , Steve embodies everything public service is about   —    Steve ’s dedicated to Steve constituents , devoted to Steve values , and deeply committed to Steve country .   I visited Steve , Steve wife , and Steve family in the hospital as Steve continues to fight for Steve recovery .   435 Members of Congress , and 300 million Americans , are pulling for Steve , praying for Steve , and pledging to Steve our full and total support . our continue to hold all of those wounded and fighting for recovery in our hearts and prayers , including Matt Mika , who was also badly wounded . In that terrible crime , our also witnessed the incredible heroism of Capitol Police .   Special Agent Crystal Griner   —    who I also had the honor of meeting during my visit to the Hospital   —    raced into gunfire , along with Special Agent David Bailey .   They saved the lives of our Members of Congress and prevented that dark day from becoming a tragedy beyond imagination .   They , like so many other courageous police officers , represent the very best of our . our salute They , and our also salute members of Alexandria Police , Fire and Rescue . Though our have our differences , what unites our is so much stronger : our love of country , our devotion to country people .   Now more than ever , these values must guide us   —    and bring our closer together .   Let our always remember that our job is to serve and represent the whole American People   —    and that our are all children of the same God . This week , my Administration continues my Administration focus on providing economic opportunity for all . On Thursday , I signed an Executive Order to launch a groundbreaking new Apprenticeship Initiative that will help young Americans learn the skills Americans need to find a rewarding career , earn a great living , and support Americans and Americans families . We are celebrating the dignity of work and the greatness of the American Worker . American citizens have worked every job , every occupation , no matter what it might be   —    no matter how grueling , how challenging , or even how dangerous .   American citizens wash the windows on our tallest skyscrapers American citizens create works of art from burning fire and molten steel American citizens mine the earth and dive the ocean depths to bring energy into our cities and towns American citizens care for the sick , the elderly , and the wounded and American citizens lay the bricks , mortar , rebar , and concrete that give us places to live , to work , and to thrive . Today , this is the message I want every young American to hear : there is dignity in every honest job , and there is nobility in every honest worker . Our Apprenticeship Initiative will make Our Apprenticeship Initiative dramatically easier for employers , industry groups and unions to create exciting new apprenticeship programs that place students into    careers . Instead of being racked with crushing student debt , those who participate will earn while those who participate learn   —    think of that : earn while those who participate learn . Under our plan , young Americans will have a pathway to exciting and fulfilling careers .   young Americans will become brilliant technicians who revitalize American manufacturing .   young Americans will become welders who forge from fire amazing works of iron and steel and art .   And young Americans will become entrepreneurs who revolutionize entire industries .   And these striving American citizens , including millions of talented young American women with tremendous potential , will become the programmers who change the world with the next great technological advance . Every American deserves a path to a great job that Every American truly love . That begins with the right education   —    one that gives students the foundation for a lifetime of success . Every day , as your President , I will be committed to this goal . Thank you , God bless you , and God bless America . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 