Friday on MSNBC ’s " Andrea Mitchell Reports , " NBC ’s " Meet the Press " moderator Chuck Todd said President Donald Trump must accept " the fact " that Russia interfered in this election or President Donald Trump will be " on the brink of becoming a temporary lame duck presidency . "   Chuck Todd said , " You have a presidency right now that I think is , a presidency ’s beyond saying a presidency ’s in crisis mode , a presidency ’s , you know , a presidency ’s on the brink of becoming a temporary lame duck presidency , the question is on the brink of what ? Is it on the the brink of becoming a temporary lame duck presidency Is it on the brink it becoming a temporary lame duck presidency ? Maybe it feels    temporarily it now . You ’ve got a stalled agenda . Republicans who have no fear of this president right now . They do n’t think Republicans who have no fear of this president right now ’s a political penalty to buck him . Obviously , this president Russia cloud darkens all of the time , and all of these problems right now that they ’re dealing with these problems and center are    by one person , the president of the United States who could not help himself with a tweet one person this wiretapping nonsense . " " That essentially helped unravel ten days of all things Russia in their part Russia this all things Russia , " he continued . " one person throw in the fact that he has decided to one person a wedge in his own party by one person after the Freedom Caucus . Okay , but he also attacking Democrats one person the same time . He has to go one person a dance partner and he is alienating both one person his potential dance partners one person that front . On the normal political scale , he has problems . one person in the fact that you have a president that can not accept the fact that Russia interfered in this election . Until he accepts that fact one person it will plague him that fact The world one person be panicked that if he is tested right one person by a Putin in the Baltics , by North Korea , is the United States prepared to lead in a crisis right now for the world ? " The world RCP Video ) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 