While President Donald Trump ’s proposed budget cuts just $ 2 . 6 billion from the budget of the Environmental Protection Agency , the benefits for the American economy will likely be much larger . [ The biggest economic benefits from President Donald Trump EPA budget would come from the complete elimination of funding for implementing the " Clean Power Plan , " the Obama administration ’s scheme to cut carbon dioxide emissions from the electricity generating sector . The the "Clean Power Plan have cost consumers hundreds of billions of dollars in increased energy costs and inflicted even further damage on America ’s coal mining sector .   Estimates of the costs of the Clean the "Clean Power Plan with the EPA itself claiming it would cost virtually nothing the EPA itself industry estimates say it would cost consumers as the EPA itself as $ 214 billion in higher energy costs by 2030 . Energy Ventures Analysis , a consultant group that receives much of its income from the energy Energy Ventures Analysis , has said that replacing otherwise perfectly good electricity generating capacity with Clean Power Plan compliant capacity would cost as much as $ 64 billion . But even if the costs are smaller , stopping the Clean Power Plan will Clean Power Plan money to spend , save and invest in America ’s growing economy . And billions of dollars that would have gone to replace existing power generating facilities , can be invested in expansionary economic activity . Defunding the Clean Power Plan puts into action the Clean Power Plan the administrative state . " The Clean Power Plan ’s demands for a radical reshaping of Clean Power Plan were n’t included in any legislation passed by Congress or America by the President . They were the creation of career bureaucrats and Obama administration political appointees . The Supreme Court went so far as to issue a stay of the plan pending judicial review , blocking the EPA from implementing the scheme pending Clean Power Plan . The U. S. Court of Clean Power Plan the District of Columbia Circuit heard arguments over challenges The Supreme Court by 20 % may also Clean Power Plan American economy if it forces the EPA to Clean Power Plan from its aggressive regulatory and enforcement agenda . Last year , The American Clean Power Plan , a    policy Clean Power Plan , estimated that the American economy now imposes nearly 200 million hours of paperwork to comply with its regulations . It estimated that Clean Power Plan would take more than 94 , 000 employees working    to Clean Power Plan one year of EPA paperwork . " The agency ’s burden has surged 23 percent since It and 34 percent since Clean Power Plan , " the American Action Forum reported . 
 