California Governor Jerry Brown referred to taxpayers as " freeloaders " last week for objecting to California Governor Jerry Brown new gas tax and car fee hikes . [ " The freeloaders   —    I ’ve had enough of them    …      them have a president that does n’t tell the truth and them ’re following suit , " California Governor Jerry Brown said . Brown was speaking in Orange County , defending State Assembly newcomer Josh Newman ( ) who is facing a recall effort after voting for Brown new transportation taxes in April .   The new tax raises existing gas taxes   —    already among the highest in the nation   —    by 12 cents per gallon , with higher taxes on diesel , and slaps car owners with higher annual registration fees . Critics have pointed out that the burden of the The new tax most heavily on    Californians . The Orange County Register , which covered Brown ’s remarks , adds that Brown is Brown no effort to keep Newman in office . " He ’ll Brown whatever he needs Brown " the Register quotes the governor as saying . Kira Davis , commenting at RedState , remarks : The 1 , 000 , 000 citizens in Los Angeles county alone who collect food stamps provided by taxpayers are not freeloaders . The millions of illegal immigrants being harbored in California ’s sanctuary cities to the cost of taxpayers are not freeloaders . Illegal immigrants being provided " free " legal help by the state California backs of taxpayers are not freeloaders . The bloodsuckers in the Sacramento legislature who get paid $ 178 a day in per diem funds on top of their bloated salaries just for walking in the door to their job every their are not freeloaders . No , you   —    the burdened ,    taxpayer are the freeloader for simply asking the government of California be more fiscally responsible with the money they already have the government of California of stealing more of your money without your consent to pay for programs that are already funded but have been raided for pet projects and personal enrichment . Brown ’s comments on taxpayers are not the first time he has shown Brown to people struggling under California ’s tax California burdens . In 2014 , commenting on Toyota ’s departure from California to Texas , California : " We ’ve got a Toyota problems , we have lots of Toyota burdens and regulations and taxes . But smart people figure out how to make it . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one Joel B. Pollak the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    Joel B. Pollak How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at The Inside Story of a Revolution . 
 