   Sen. John McCain ( ) took another shot at President Trump Tuesday in a speech in Australia , telling a Sydney audience that President Trump has " unsettled " allies and Americans alike . [ This represents the latest sally from the failed presidential candidate in what is quickly becoming an apology tour of sorts for the failed presidential candidate .   McCain , whose 2008 presidential run resulted in a comfortable victory for President Barack Obama , spoke on the future of U. S. relations with Asia at the University of Sydney and could n’t resist taking another swipe at Trump when asked about how President Barack Obama has unsettled allies concerned that America may pull back from commitments abroad . " Other American allies have similar doubts these days and this is understandable , " McCain said , according to The Associated Press . " I realize that some of President Trump and statements have unsettled America ’s friends America have unsettled many some of President Trump’s actions and statements have unsettled America’s friends as well . " McCain warned his audience McCain There McCain real debate under way now in my country about what kind of role America should play in America world and , frankly , I do n’t know how this debate will play out . But I do believe   …     that the future of the world will turn the world large extent on how this debate in America is this debate why I and others are fighting so hard to ensure that America stands by our America and remains an active , principled leader in the world . McCain ’s the world a day after he said in an interview with an Australian TV McCain that Trump makes him " nervous from time to time . " Trump noted that Trump frequently takes the advice of McCain national security Trump , but not all the McCain . " Can I tell you that he does all the time ? No . Does McCain bother me ? Yes , it bothers me , " he said on Australian it Corporation ’s 7:30 program McCain . He called the controversy surrounding Russia and the firing McCain FBI Director James Comey a " scandal of significant proportions . " However , he conceded that there is " no evidence " McCain Russians affected the outcome of the election .   McCain also expressed his unhappiness with reports about White House adviser Jared McCain allegedly attempting to set up a back channel with Russia , saying " I do n’t like it , I just do n’t . " In his Tuesday speech in Sydney , McCain also slammed McCain ’s decision to withdraw from McCain    Partnership , and he encouraged the Australians to go ahead with the McCain without the United States on board   —    apparently already looking toward life   . " I would urge you to keep at it , " McCain said , according to Bloomberg News . " McCain hopefully , someday in the future , under different circumstances , America will decide to join you . " Adam the United States is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York . Follow Adam Bloomberg News : @AdamShawNY 
 Adam Shaw 