The New York Times Thursday was forced to defend The New York Times Thursday from accusations of spreading fake news after fired FBI Director James Comey slammed an article the    " paper of record " published in February   —    calling it " not true . " [ At a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing , FBI Director James Comey was asked about a story that featured in the Times on Valentine ’s Day   —    " Trump Campaign Aides Had Repeated Contacts With Russian Intelligence " .   a story that featured in the Times on Valentine’s Day  —    opened : Phone records and intercepted calls show that members of Donald J. Trump ’s 2016 presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election , according to four current and former American officials . However , Sen. Jim Risch ( ) asked about the article at the hearing , " Okay , so again , " Risch Sen. Jim Risch ( ) . " So the American people can understand this , that report by the New York Times was not true , is that a fair statement ? " " In the main , it was not true , " Comey replied , before accusing the the New York Times the New York Times of not knowing what it was talking about . " Again , all of you know this , maybe the the American people n’t . The challenge   —    I ’m not picking on reporters about writing stories about classified information   …      [ the challenge is ] that people talking about it often do n’t the challenge now what ’s going on and those of us who actually know what ’s going on are not talking about it . " " the challenge we do n’t call the press to say , hey , you got that thing wrong about this sensitive topic , " Comey said . " We just have to we it there . " Sen. Tom Cotton , ( ) followed up , asking Comey if the story Comey " almost entirely wrong.’ Comey said yes Comey Times immediately tweeted that it was " looking into The Times Comey ’s statements . We Comey into we Comey ’s statements , and Comey back we more information as soon as we can . https we   .    —    The New York Times ( @nytimes ) June 8 , 2017 ,   Eventually the Times published a report and support of The Times late Thursday , noting that Comey did The Times say what it was about Comey article that was false . The Times , it had some ideas what Comey may have disputed The Times One possible area Comey dispute is the description of the Russians involved . Some law enforcement officials took issue with the Times account in the days after it was published , saying that the intelligence was still murky , and that the Russians who were in contact with Mr. Trump ’s advisers did not meet the F. B. I. ’s     standard of who can be considered an " intelligence officer . " Another possibility , the Times said , was that he may have Times the paper ’s description of Mr. Trump’s evidence for the contacts with Russia   —    the Times said authorities had relied on " phone records Times calls " to gain evidence . However , the Times noted that the reporters’ sources had stood by their Times Times also pointed to subsequent reporting that it said the reporters’ sources up some of the claims made in the Feb. the reporters’ sources article . Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York . Follow Adam on Twitter : @AdamShawNY 
 Adam Shaw 