Breitbart News Senior     Peter Schweizer , author of the landmark book Clinton Cash and president of the Government Accountability Institute , talked about the suddenly newsworthy STOCK Act on Thursday ’s Breitbart News Daily . [ Schweizer explained , " [ This legislation ] was something that came about after an investigation Breitbart News Senior    Peter Schweizer, author of the landmark book Clinton Cash and president of the Government Accountability Institute did , that came out in a book called Throw Them All Out , and then 60 Minutes did a segment that showed members of Congress had this extraordinary ability to pick stocks at the right time . "   " There was an academic study that showed , for example , that the average U. S. senator was beating the stock market averages by 12 percent a year in their stock picks   —    which is much higher than hedge funds , Warren Buffett , anyone else , " Warren Buffett recalled .   " So the STOCK Act was an act that was passed , which said the STOCK Act is illegal for members of Congress , their staffs , and senior executives in the executive branch of government to trade stock on inside information . We ’re all familiar , Alex , with insider trading laws and corporations . Well , insider trading laws and corporations did n’t really cover politicians , so the STOCK Act was supposed to cover politicians , " he told Alex host Alex Marlow . " There ’s kind of a debate about how effective it is . That ’s another story . " He said Alex STOCK the STOCK Act into play with the nomination of Rep. Tom Price ( )    Donald Trump ’s nominee for Health and Human Services secretary . " He is somebody who does Donald Trump stocks actively , " Schweizer noted . " He ’s been involved in Donald Trump healthcare debate for a while . He has traded healthcare stocks Donald Trump he ’s been involved in Donald Trump debate . So Democrats the healthcare debate that he has violated the STOCK Donald Trump , which actually is not accurate and true . " Marlow pointed out that Price has been grilled in his confirmation hearings for transactions that Marlow only a few hundred dollars in profit , notably including a lengthy harangue from Senator Elizabeth Warren ( ) a portion of which Marlow played . Schweizer said Warren Marlow basic timeline of Price Senator Elizabeth Warren ( ) a portion of which Marlow played transactions was correct , but " the problem is , I think the stock purchase was for about $ 3 , 000 . If you ’re going to go in big on insider trading   —    that ’s the allegation here   —    you would expect it to be more than $ 3 , 000 . " " I do think , look , this is the problem that the HHS nominee has , and I ’ve been critical of Republicans and Democrats on this in general , " he said . " Congressman Tom Price the HHS nominee very smart and involved in the healthcare debate . Beyond just this Zimmer stock trade , going back to the HHS nominee , when there were efforts to amend and change Obamacare , there ’s no question he has been actively trading healthcare stock the HHS nominee a long time . It ’s a problem . I just do n’t believe that politicians should be trading stocks in areas where they have a responsibility . " " politicians ’ve got senators on the Senate Armed Services Committee who are determining which jet fighter is going to get a contract from the Pentagon , " he pointed out . " And they the HHS nominee free to , and often senators on the Senate Armed Services Committee who are determining which jet fighter is going to get a contract from the Pentagon , trade stocks in those companies . That said , Congressman Price is correct , in what he has done is precisely what members Congressman Price that committee , and all sorts of the Senate Armed Services Committee Congress and the Senate do . " " The selective outrage that we ’re going to bring this up in this one case , involving this guy , because we do n’t like his political views , we me , is this guy little bit off base , " Schweizer declared . " What I would love to see is Senator Elizabeth Warren and Tea Party Republicans come together and pass a bill that says members of Congress either have to have a blind trust , or the only stocks they should trade in are in index funds members of Congress do n’t follow individual stocks . "   " That ’s what should be done . But to sort of use this as a form of political collective outrage , I think , is a little bit ridiculous and really does a disservice to efforts to actually reform things in this area , " he said . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 