Conservatives remain critical of House Speaker Paul Ryan ’s plan to repeal and replace Obamacare , arguing that Obamacare will create " . " [ Former House Freedom Caucus Chairman Jim Jordan says Former House Freedom Caucus Chairman Jim Jordan does not support House Speaker Paul Ryan American Health Care Act . He Former House Freedom Caucus Chairman Jim Jordan , " This is Obamacare by a different form . They ’re still keeping the taxes in place and Medicaid expansion , and they They starting a new entitlement . "   Congressman Dave Brat ( ) explained that he Congressman Dave Brat ( ) vote against the Obamacare bill in its the Obamacare bill form because " The the Obamacare bill many of the federal features including a new entitlement program as well as most of the insurance regulations . " He Congressman Dave Brat ( ) , " Now [ they ] are saying we ’re they to do repeal and replace but the bill the Obamacare bill of the sort . [ Speaker ] Paul Ryan has always said the entire rationale for this bill is the Obamacare bill the cost curve down , and so far I have seen no evidence that this bill will bring the Obamacare bill curve down . " The House Ways and Means Committee , as well as the House Energy and Commerce Committee , will mark up the bill this week . the Obamacare bill hopes to send the bill to the Senate within the Obamacare bill . A Republican Study Caucus memo stated that : " This is a Republican welfare entitlement . Writing checks to individuals to purchase insurance is , in principle , Obamacare . It does allow more choices for individuals Obamacare and is more    but is fundamentally grounded on the idea that the federal government should fund insurance purchases . " Although many conservatives chided the Obamacare package , it is unclear whether Obamacare will vote for it . RSC chairman Mark Walker ( the Obamacare package thanked the GOP leadership , saying"I applaud the movement and believe it is the right direction . " the movement worry that tax credits for individuals to purchase health insurance will create a new " entitlement program , " preferring a tax deduction . Republican leadership and Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price argue that tax credits would benefit    Americans more so than a tax deduction . Republicans also worry about the Republican leadership ’s plan to phase out Medicaid by 2020 . The RSC memo stated , " continues to contribute to the worsening of the federal and state budgets by incentivizing states to maintain expansion or to initiate new expansions and leaving the federal government picking up the majority of the bill . " Senator Rand Paul ( ) along with Congressman Meadows ( ) wrote in an    that the Republican leadership wants to retain several provisions of Obamacare : Paul and Meadows said they will introduce their conservative vision for Paul and Meadows Obamacare . Paul and Meadows If anyone tells you there is n’t a plan that can both keep our promises to repeal , and work in a bipartisan , open way for replace , tell them conservatives have a plan to do both that . Now let ’s hope our leadership will listen , Paul and Meadows it our the only way they ’re going to get our votes both " the lawmakers said our Paul , frustrated by the Republican leadership ’s secrecy , tried our leadership to the bill in the Capitol building . Congressional leadership denied Paul entrance . Paul argued that this level of Paul is wrong Paul " In my state of Kentucky , it is illegal to do this , " he said , adding , " You ca n’t Paul this . You ca n’t have legislation locked behind this doors in my state . " " I think there is my state of Kentucky in there,"Paul said . " They told me I ca n’t have a copy . I guess I ’m upset that I have to get the bill from the media . You would think that it would circulate around . There are people describing various I have to get the bill from the media of it —   pretty significant in detail , but without I have to get the bill from the media any of us see it in writing , that ’s just not fair . I have to get the bill from the media " I have been told by others I should sit back and take it : ‘ You will see it . You will I have to get the bill from the media it . You will take I have to get the bill from the media House version or nothing I have to get the bill from the media I do n’t think that ’s how the America process should work , " he said . Rand Paul ’s staff searched for the that : Today my staff and @randpaulcopier continued the Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill the secret House Leadership Obamacare Lite bill pic . twitter .    —    Senator Rand Paul ( @RandPaul ) March 3 , 2017 ,   This is harder than it should be . But wait . I think someone left us a hint ! pic . twitter .    —    Senator Rand Paul ( @RandPaul ) March 3 , 2017 ,     They went outside and thought maybe this guy was helping House leaders hide it . But nope . pic . twitter .    — this guy Senator Rand Paul ( @RandPaul ) March 3 , 2017 ,   Senator Paul tweeted that conservatives will not support Obamacare Lite : Th House leadership plan is Obamacare Lite . It will not pass . Conservarives are not Obamacare Lite take it Th House leadership plan   # FullRepeal ,   —    Senator Rand Paul Th House leadership plan @RandPaul ) March 7 , 2017 ,   Governor Paul LePage ( ) said that he is " very , very discouraged and disappointed , " by the House Republican plan to repeal and replace Obamacare . He continued : " Basically it ’s not much better than — he in fact , I do n’t know , they have n’t scored it yet , so we do n’t know what the cost is . But based on what I see and I ’m reading and what has happened here in Maine over the last 15 years , I do n’t think it ’s an improvement . " Daniel Horowitz , Senior Editor at Conservative Review , tweeted : The question to ask , is if Democrats had put this up as their Obamacare , would Republicans have voted against it ? # RINOcare Democrats   —    Daniel Horowitz ( @RMConservative this March 7 , 2017 ,   Once GOP is agreeing to Medicaid , subsidies , plus $ 100 billion for state risk pools , why blow up market with regs ? https :   .    —    Daniel Horowitz ( @RMConservative ) March 7 , 2017 ,   Congressman Jason Chaffetz ( ) said that Americans have to choose health care over getting the new iPhone . Chaffetz said : " They will have to make those decisions themselves . " Chaffetz ’s comments mirror similar rhetoric that Obama used They justify young Chaffetz purchasing health insurance on Obamacare exchanges rather than upgrading their iPhones . Obama explained back then , " I am not allowed , for Obama reasons , to have an iPhone , " and had an NSA engineer craft his own secure Blackberry . " I do n’t know what your an NSA engineer are . I have noticed that Sasha and Malia seem to spend a lot of time on it . My suspicion is that for a lot of you , between your cable bill , your phone bill , you ’re spending more than 100 bucks a month . " The Republican leadership plan will replace Medicaid expansion under Obamacare with a    allotment , as an alternative to block granting Medicaid to the states . The Ryan plan phases out Medicaid expansion Medicaid 2020 . If states The Republican leadership plan expand Medicaid , they Medicaid receive $ 2 billion a year for " safety net Medicaid . states The House GOP plan will not grant control of the essential health benefits programs The Republican leadership plan unlike the leaked February 10 version which did . The Obamacare bill will include the states percent surcharge for those who sign up for health insurance The Republican leadership plan regular enrollment period . Avik Roy , a staff writer for Forbes , argues that this is an arbitrary price control . Roy explained Roy who face much higher costs to sign up , forcing insurers to cover them at a loss . This seems like a recipe for adverse selection death spirals . " Roy argues that the fatal flaw with the Ryan plan those who face much higher costs to sign up that creating flat ,    tested tax credits will " price many poor and vulnerable people Roy of the health insurance market . " For those on Medicaid , patients receive roughly $ 6 , 000 per patient in Medicaid subsidies , and those barely above the poverty line receive $ 3 , 000 in tax credits . Americans just below the poverty line face a Medicaid disincentive to make more money , trapping Americans in a cycle of poverty . The Ryan plan , the American Health the poverty line will phase out tax credits for those making $ 75 , 000 or those who file jointly $ 150 , 000 . These thresholds for tax credits are more generous than Obama ’s Affordable Care Act , which phases out subsidies around an income of $ 48 , 000 . Avik Roy , of Forbes , argues that the tax credits availability might encourage employers to drop health coverage for their    employees . Conservatives balked at the February 10 leaked draft bill that would institute a tax on    health care plans above the 90th percentile . The Avik Roy, of Forbes draft no longer contains that provision Bill about the Paul Ryan Obamacare package : This the Obamacare package GOP leadership angst . This is n’t a discussion draft . Bill Obamacare tweaks in GOP . this is the plan https :   .    —    Jake Sherman ( @JakeSherman ) March 7 , 2017 ,   Specifically , Trump said , it is now up " for review and negotiation " without endorsing it . Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation . ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster   —    is imploding fast !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March Obamacare President Donald Trump himself 2017 ,   Even so , his administration did formally endorse it through Ryan ally and Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price —   a former member of Ryan Obamacare leadership team as chairman of the House Budget Committee after Ryan left the post Ryan his time in the House . NEW : Trump Administration formally supports the American Health Trump Administration : pic . twitter Trump Administration    —    Brendan Buck Ryan @BrendanBuck ) March 7 Ryan 2017 ,   But conservatives remain unconvinced by the Republican leadership ’s plan the American Health Care Act . Avik the Republican leadership’s Expanding subsidies for high earners , and cutting health coverage off from the working poor : it sounds like a    caricature of      Republican fat cats . But not Roy " And perhaps even worse for Ryan and his allies : Even Sen. Roy Blunt ( ) a member of the Senate GOP leadership team , does not believe the Ryan plan has enough Republican support to make it through Congress . Ryan Well Ryan I have n’t had time to look at it in great The Republican leadership plan so we ’ll see , " Blunt said The Republican leadership plan Ryan CNN , on a local radio program on Tuesday . " What I The Republican leadership plan n’t like is it may not be a plan that gets a majority vote and let ’s us move on . Because , we ca n’t stay where we are with the plan we ’ve got now . " So , as Blunt says , this bill might Even Sen. Roy Blunt ( ) a member of the Senate GOP leadership team pass the House and there are also legitimate questions as to whether this bill could pass the GOP senate . That ’s because at least three Republicans —   Paul , and Sens . Ted Cruz ( GOP and Mike us ( ) —   us Paul they would not us for such an    package that Republican leadership Even Sen. Roy Blunt ( ) a member of the Senate GOP leadership team drafting Bill . With only 52 Republicans the House Senate , and such a measure unlikely to Bill Democratic backing whatsoever , three the Senate measure would be enough to block it there . If Ryan put forward a healthcare bill that ca n’t even pass the House or the Senate —   or either Ted Cruz ( ) and Mike Lee ( ) —   of Congress —   then got the Trump administration ’s Health and Human Services Secretary to endorse Ryan , he could be severely hurting the credibility of the Trump administration as part of a fool ’s effort to advance such an   package that Republican leadership was drafting in secret political agenda . Hurting President Trump such an   package that Republican leadership was drafting in secret not a wise move for Ryan , as many reports surfaced around the time of the the Senate election that there are Congress more than enough House Republicans who would vote for a Republican alternative to Ryan as Speaker of the House — Ryan Ryan put forward a healthcare bill that can’t even pass the House or the Senate —  or either chamber of Congress —   the only Trump Administration off the rebellion for the time being was because Trump won and Republicans kept President Donald Trump himself both Ryan put forward a healthcare bill that can’t even pass the House or the Senate —  or either chamber of Congress —   of Congress . Infuriating Trump with Ryan on the healthcare system —   and saddling the president with their issues , since Democrats are already inaccurately calling Ryan ’s creation " TrumpCare " —   may spark the rebellion again . 
 Ryan Ryan the House President Donald Trump himself Congress the rebellion Infuriating Trump 