Wall Street Journal columnist Kimberley Strassel writes that Democrats like California Rep. Adam Schiff are conveniently " ginning up fake outrage " at Rep. Devin Nunes ( ) in order to bury the bombshell news Nunes discovered : that the Obama White House did surveil the incoming Trump administration . " All this engineered drama , " Wall Street Journal columnist Kimberley Strassel writes , " served to    the important information Americans urgently deserve to know . " [ From Wall Street Journal columnist Kimberley Strassel ’s Wall Street Journal column :   We ’ve known since early February that a call by former national security adviser Mike Flynn to the Russian ambassador was monitored by U. S. intelligence . There ’s nothing improper in tapping foreign officials . But it was improper that former national security adviser Mike Flynn name was revealed and leaked to the press , along with the substance of his conversation former national security adviser Mike Flynn The media nonetheless excused all this by claiming one piece of Mr. Flynn former national security adviser Mike Flynn sanctions ) was relevant to the continuing investigation into    ties . Around the same time , Mr. Nunes ’s own intelligence sources informed him that documents showed Mr. Nunes collection of information about , and unmasking of , Trump transition officials . These documents are n’t documents showed further collection of information about, and unmasking of, Trump transition officials , since they are n’t the " documents showed further collection of information about, and unmasking of, Trump transition officials " intelligence products that Congress gets to see . Nonetheless , for weeks Mr. Nunes has been Mr. Nunes agencies turn over said documents —   with no luck , so far . Mr. Nunes earlier this week Mr. Nunes own source to show him Mr. Nunes treasure trove of documents Mr. Nunes a secure facility . Here are the relevant details : First , there were dozens of documents with information about Trump officials . Second , the information these documents contained was not related to Russia . Third , while many reports did " mask " identities ( referring , for instance , to " U. S. Person 1 or 2 " ) they were written in ways that made many reports did "mask" identities (referring, for instance, to "U. S. Person 1 or 2") which Trump officials were being discussed . Fourth Trump in at least one instance , a Trump official other than Mr. Flynn was Trump unmasked . Finally , these documents were circulated at the highest these documents contained government . To sum up , Team Obama was spying broadly on the incoming administration . Read the rest here . 
 