A Harvard study has documented the mainstream media ’s blatant    bias and found that while the President dominated news coverage in the President first 100 days , that coverage was almost entirely negative   —    with 93 percent of CNN and NBC ’s Trump coverage critical of the President . [ The study , by the Harvard Kennedy School ’s Shorenstein Center , released Thursday concludes that Trump ’s coverage " set a new standard for negativity . "   Looking at the coverage of President Trump the President 100 days from 10 major American and European outlets , the study found The study, by the Harvard Kennedy School’s Shorenstein Center, released Thursday was the topic Trump 41 percent of all news stories   —    three times that of previous presidents . It also found that The study, by the Harvard Kennedy School’s Shorenstein Center, released Thursday was the featured Trump of 65 percent of the coverage . But , despite Trump featuring heavily , Trump tone of that coverage was 80 the coverage , according to the study . For The study, by the Harvard Kennedy School’s Shorenstein Center, released Thursday it found that President Barack The study, by the Harvard Kennedy School’s Shorenstein Center, released Thursday received only 41 percent negative coverage in his first 100 days . President President Barack Obama W. Bush received 57 percent negative coverage , and President Bill Clinton received 60 percent negative coverage . " In no week did the [ Trump ] coverage drop below 70 percent negative and it reached 90 percent negative at its peak , " the study it , noting the peak of the negative coverage came during the attempt by the House of Representatives to pass a health care bill . Some outlets’ coverage was particularly blatant . While the Washington Post and the New York Times covered Trump negatively 83 and 87 percent of the time , an overwhelming 93 percent of NBC ’s and CNN ’s news reports were negative . The only outlet that came close to fairness was Fox News , where 52 percent of its reports were negative . The The only outlet that came close to fairness other outlet nearing Fox ’s balance was the Wall Street Journal , of which 70 percent of its news reports were negative . The only outlet that came close to fairness Trump has received unsparing coverage for most weeks of his presidency , without a single Trump topic where Trump ’s coverage , on balance Trump was more positive than negative , setting a new standard for unfavorable press coverage of a president , " the authors of the study wrote . Even by topic , the study found that there was the study single topic where Trump ’s coverage was more positive Trump , with 96 percent of stories on immigration , 87 percent of health care stories and 81 percent of stories on Trump ’s fitness for office all carrying Trump tone . Only on the economy did the media coverage approach balance , with 46 percent of those reports carrying a positive tone . The study also warns that such negative coverage may Only on the economy be harmful to Trump , but also for the way the Trump view the media . " The nation ’s watchdog has lost much of its bite and wo n’t regain it until the public The nation it as an impartial broker The nation applying the same reporting The nation to both parties , " the study concludes . Adam Shaw is a political reporter Only on the economy News . Follow Adam on Twitter : @AdamShawNY 
 Adam Shaw 