Senior Fellow at the National Center for Policy Analysis David Grantham joined Whatever It Takes host Curt Schilling Friday to lay out the changes Latin American countries are making to Latin American countries own immigration in response to the election of President Donald Trump and Senior Fellow at the National Center for Policy Analysis David Grantham policy to tighten immigration policy . [ " Governments are using it as a good segue to begin enacting Governments own types of immigration reform , " Grantham said to Schilling , who hosts Whatever it Takes , broadcast weekdays from 9 a. m. to 11 a. m. at Breitbart . com .   " Argentina , for example , has begun enacting some rather stringent immigration reform that a lot of their population is for , " a lot of their population is said . Grantham said because Argentina has a relatively strong economy compared to Argentina neighbors , their native workers have to compete with immigrants —   just like in the U. S. " Other countries are saying , ‘ OK , if the United States is willing to do the United States , we should maybe consider the United States as well,’ " he said . There are also a number of    countries , he said . " I do n’t want to say leftist , but they lean that way . " Those leftist regimes are using Trump ’s immigration policies for propaganda effect . Schilling , the pitching hero of three World Series championship teams , asked Grantham about human trafficking , which Schilling said was funding terrorism . Grantham replied that Judicial Watch asked for and received documents from the federal government that prove that drug cartels have relationships with individual terrorists and networks . " The issue comes up in debate whether there is a specific intent by the drug cartels to move known terrorists , " Grantham said . " The greater concern is that anyone can walk up to these guys and say : ‘ Here ’s $ 5 , 000 , get me across the border . " Human trafficking has become so lucrative that Human trafficking is now one of the top priorities of the federal government , Grantham said . " the drug cartels can ship anyone , really , so the terrorists know that , they the drug cartels easily —   you know with the refugee issue , just embed themselves the drug cartels a massive group of people and cross the the border " Grantham said . Listen to Whatever It Takes , broadcast weekdays from 9 a. m. to 11 a. m. at Breitbart . com . Listen to the rest of Curt Schilling ’s interview with David Grantham here :  
 