Former Colorado Congressman Tom Tancredo joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow to discuss a range of issues , including leaks and sabotage by the    " Deep State " to damage President Trump ’s administration , sanctuary cities , and more . [ Former Colorado Congressman Tom Tancredo discussed eliminating sanctuary cities via a bill Former Colorado Congressman Tom Tancredo has pushed in Colorado , stating , " Look , this is n’t that hard to try and figure out here . Former Colorado Congressman Tom Tancredo Think about this,’ I said . ‘ You ’re a mayor , and for some reason , you decide to announce that anybody that escapes from any jail or prison in the United States , if anybody that escapes from any jail or prison in the United States can get to your city , you will provide anybody that escapes from any jail or prison in the United States sanctuary . That is to say , if anybody that escapes from any jail or prison in the United States come into contact with your police department , you will not report it to the authorities . And let ’s say people do escape , and people actually do get to your city , and they people mayhem when they people there . ’ "   He continued , " Now , do you not think that because the bill actually requires , [ it the bill would make people who voted for this and the authorities in these cities personally liable ? And so , I said , ‘ Do n’t you think that , indeed , that is what ’s happened   —    that anybody who does something that stupid , any elected official should , should not be held liable when something occurs , like what is happening throughout this country ? ’ " " Literally thousands , " he He on . " I know it ’s hard to believe this because we ’ll see snippets , we we see one or two stories about somebody who ’s been killed , other acts of mayhem committed by people who are here illegally , who are in sanctuary cities , who have come to the attention of police in those cities , but they people who are here illegally, who are in sanctuary cities, who have come to the attention of police in those cities never turned over to ICE . And I said , ‘ But there are literally thousands of people who have been killed in this country   —    thousands . So think of the families . Think of what has happened here because of this idiotic politically correct policy that people want to put in place.’ And you are absolutely right . It is not popular . " Continued Tancredo , " It is something we could go after . If we we n’t get it from the legislature , I encourage people here in Colorado and anywhere else in the nation   —    there are       states that allow the initiative process   —    I would put it the initiative process   the ballot everywhere I could because it the initiative process   a winner , and it the initiative process   be done . You know , it the initiative process   a good thing to do to stop sanctuary cities . " Tancredo went on to cite a Colorado Colorado from 2008 involving an illegal immigrant driver : A     boy who died in an ice cream shop was buried Wednesday by heartbroken family members , friends and strangers touched by his A    boy who died in an ice cream shop . Marten Kudlis and two women were killed in a    crash last week in Aurora . The Marten Kudlis and two women in a pickup truck , making a left turn at Havana and Mississippi , when they were broadsided Marten Kudlis and two women a speeding sport utility vehicle . Their pickup truck a pickup truck a Baskin Robbins shop and Kudlis , who was sitting by the window waiting for ice cream , was thrown out by the impact . The toddler died at the hospital . The two women   —    Patricia Guntharp , 49 , and Debra Serecky , 51   —    died at the scene . At the start of Wednesday ’s service , held at the chapel at Fairmount Cemetery , Marten ’s father cried , " I really loved him . " Charges were Marten resolved until 2010 when Francis Hernandez received a lengthy sentence : Even though the man accused of killing his little boy was found Francis Hernandez and may face more than 100 years in prison , Marat Kudlis was not a happy man on Tuesday . " This guy is a baby killer , " said Kudlis , the father of Marten Kudlis , who was killed in a crash at an Aurora ice cream shop in 2008 along with two others . The boy was 3 years his little boy Francis Hernandez , 25 , was convicted on 19 criminal counts related to the crash , including vehicular homicide a crash the scene of an accident involving death , and child abuse resulting in death . Hernandez moved here with his parents from Guatemala when he was Hernandez and was in the Hernandez S. illegally . He had been arrested for numerous traffic Hernandez and other violations , but authorities failed to deport him . Recalling the incident Friday , Hernandez , seemingly choked up , said , " This guy had been arrested six times Hernandez same jurisdiction for various things , from DUIs to drug possession but never , ever turned over to ICE . Now , you tell me that someone is n’t liable under those circumstances . How they sleep with themselves , how they sleep , I do they know how they look at themselves in the mirror . they politicians that they voted for this stuff , how do you live with yourself when you know your decisions have led directly to the death or other forms of mayhem being committed in your jurisdiction   —    because of your decisions ? It ’s astounding to me your decisions can live with themselves . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM they 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . 
 