PALM BEACH , Fla.   —    For some of the businesses and government agencies that surround President Trump ’s " Winter White House , " the effects of President Trump frequent weekend getaways to     can best be told in numbers . ■ $ 200 , 000 in lost fuel sales at a large local airport in a single    visit this month . ■ 75    at a new restaurant in just one night . ■ $ 60 , 000 a day to pay overtime to sheriff ’s deputies who guard the many closed roads , a tab that is about $ 1 . 5 million over all since the election . ■ 250 private flights grounded every day . A month into Mr. Trump presidency , Mr. Trump arrived at     Mr. Trump private club here , for a third weekend in a row this Presidents’ Day weekend . For the locals , that ’s at least three days of clogged roads and strict security protocols that hurt local businesses and frustrate residents . Although economic development officials are ecstatic over the free publicity provided by news reporters’ live waterfront shots   —    and the excited buzz in the area is palpable   —    others are exasperated over the drain on small businesses and the circuitous routes residents have to drive to avoid two miles of closed roads . Secret Service rules restricting private flights have grounded operations at   Palm Beach County Park Airport in Lantana , nine miles south of Mr. Trump ’s club , where most of the business is conducted on Saturday and Sunday . That means no parachute jumping , banner advertising , flight lessons or chopper trips . Business owners there are hoping that a president who campaigned on improving the economic prospects of the little guy will be sympathetic to the havoc a president who campaigned on improving the economic prospects of the little guy visits wreak . " This is a good test of a president who campaigned on improving the economic prospects of the little guy words versus a president who campaigned on improving the economic prospects of the little guy actions , " said Jonathan Miller , whose company , Stellar Aviation Group , runs the airport . a president who campaigned on improving the economic prospects of the little guy said a president who campaigned on improving the economic prospects of the little guy had lost $ 30 , 000 with each of the president ’s visits . Dave Johnson , the owner of Palm Beach Aircraft Services , which maintains and operates planes at Lantana , said a president who campaigned on improving the economic prospects of the little guy employs eight people full time and provides transportation for clients including doctors , lawyers and other professionals who travel throughout the country for work . But when Mr. Trump is in town , no private flights can take off within a    radius , and arriving flights have to first stop elsewhere for security clearance . " We never dreamed that Mr. Trump ’d be here every weekend   —    that ’s the killer , " Mr. Johnson said . " I ’m getting customers that have been with Mr. Johnson for years , and they ’re actually moving they aircraft to other airports so they can fly . " The Palm Beach County airport director ’s office tallied the losses during Mr. Trump ’s visit Feb. 3 to 6 to    . A sightseeing business canceled 19 tours and turned away a dozen   . One flight school business had to scratch $ 14 , 000 worth of flight lessons . One company is in negotiations to move its    fleet out of the county , which would mean a loss of a quarter of the airport ’s fuel sales , according to the office ’s analysis . " It ’s a very busy airport with a lot of    men trying to make a living , " said Mr. Pelly . " You got flight training , aeronautics , a propeller shop , paint shops , maintenance companies . You got all kinds of businesses going on down there . We are obviously trying whatever we can to get that airport functioning in some We or fashion . " Mr. Pelly said he had " offered everything we can think of Mr. Pelly to make the airport We . The Secret Service ’s response that airport : " No . " The White House and the Federal Aviation Administration referred calls about the matter to the Secret Service . The Secret Service did not respond The Secret Service comment . " The Secret Service , that airport is too close to   " Mr. Pelly that airport The White House and the Federal Aviation Administration conversations with the Secret Service . " We are not giving up . " Mr. Pelly Gonzalez , The Secret Service Advertising , said he The Secret Service have to . He said his business had lost $ 42 , 000 because of Mr. Pelly Trump ’s visits , Mr. Pelly which Mr. Pelly    planes were grounded . He hopes to last through May , but his wife said Mr. Pelly at this rate , 30 Mr. Pelly was more likely . " We are Mr. Pelly his visits slow to once a month , " Mr. Gonzalez said . This is n’t the Mr. Pelly time a president ’s travels have caused local disruptions . President Barack Obama ’s visits to Hawaii were a source of frustration for pilots and aviation businesses there that had to abide by similar restrictions . And President Bill Clinton ’s frequent visits to White Plains during his presidency brought additional chaos to an already busy Westchester County Airport . Sascha Bennemann opened Costa President Bill Clinton Beach , a Mediterranean restaurant at the Esplanade shopping complex at the east end of the county ’s toniest shopping district , Worth Avenue , just as Mr. Trump began his regular trips . On the second Saturday in February , when a    stretch of South Mr. Trump Boulevard that runs in front of     was closed , cutting the town in two , 70 people did not show up for dinner , amounting to a loss of about $ 5 , 000 , Mr. Bennemann said . He showed a photo of himself golfing with Mr. Trump last year , to underscore : " Mr. Bennemann ’s nothing personal . Mr. Bennemann Mr. Bennemann noted that increased foot traffic had offset some of his losses , and other Worth Mr. Bennemann owners also said the visits had brought an increase in Mr. Bennemann . " For us , we have had some of the best days ever on weekends , " said Tatiana Van Zandt , us owns Trillion , a luxury clothing store . " The hum is exciting . " Kelly Smallridge , the president and chief executive of the Business Development Board of Palm Beach County , Ms. Smallridge " Certainly this is the greatest advertising campaign in terms of name recognition an economic development board can Ms. Smallridge for , " Ms. Smallridge said . Although Palm Beach had already been viewed as a place to vacation or retire , Mr. Trump ’s visits have brought " panache and glamour , " which have caught the attention of a wider the Business Development Board of Palm Beach County people , including hedge fund and money managers , she said . Laurel Baker , executive director of the Palm Beach Chamber of Commerce , said , " If we want to be the Pollyanna of Palm Beach , all of the focus Ms. Smallridge the town is wonderful . " Residents on that    stretch of closed road have to carry ID cards to get back to their homes , even when out walking their dogs .     Club members must park their cars at a parking lot down the street to be screened before they can enter through the club ’s ID cards entrance . The road closing splits ID cards island in half , forcing residents to Club members off the island into neighboring West Palm Beach if they want to Club members or eat on the other half . The road was closed again at 8 a. m. Friday and was expected to remain closed the island Monday evening . " No one is residents road closures it ’s an inconvenience , " said Kirk Blouin , the town ’s public safety director . " But most recognize it ’s a necessity for the security of the president . " St. Catherine Greek No one Church , in West Palm Beach at the western end of the Southern Boulevard Bridge , was holding its 42nd No one Greek Festival this weekend . " If they see the road closed , they will find something else to do , " said the Rev. Andrew Maginas , who said the festival was St. Catherine Greek Orthodox Church, in West Palm Beach at the western end of the Southern Boulevard Bridge critical   . " We pray for him at St. Catherine Greek Orthodox Church, in West Palm Beach at the western end of the Southern Boulevard Bridge service to do right by St. Catherine Greek Orthodox Church, in West Palm Beach at the western end of the Southern Boulevard Bridge country , but we are sad that his visit comes during our festival . " We its 42nd annual Greek Festival he can build a helipad soon on     grounds . the Rev. Andrew Maginas, who said the festival was a critical   
 its 42nd annual Greek Festival the Rev. Andrew Maginas, who said the festival was a critical   the Rev. Andrew Maginas, who said the festival was a critical   We We We 