Verashni Pillay , the     of Huffington Post South Africa has resigned after the country ’s press ombudsman condemned the website ’s " racist " publication of a blog post calling for voting rights to be stripped from white males . [ In voting rights to be stripped from white males ruling , the South African press ombudsman called on Huffington Post SA to " apologize unreservedly to the general public " for publishing text that was , according to the country’s press ombudsman , " discriminatory and derogatory , " " malicious , " " contained factual inaccuracies , " " was against the public interest , " " impaired the dignity and reputation of many people , " and " amounted to hate speech . "   The the South African press ombudsman called on Huffington Post SA also calling on Huffington Post Huffington Post SA for " blaming its system the South African press ombudsman called on Huffington Post SA instead of probing deeper into the sexist and racist nature of the blog " in their response to the controversy . Former     Pillay said : " I respect the office of the press the South African press ombudsman called on Huffington Post SA decided to tender my resignation . " The controversy arose as a result the controversy article , published on the Huffington Post South Africa ’s website on April 13 , entitled " Could It Be Time To Deny White Men The Franchise ? " The article made the case for stripping voting rights from white men , on the basis that white male voters were responsible for " some of the biggest blows to the progressive cause in the past year " including Brexit and the election of President Donald Trump . After public backlash , Pillay initially defended the piece . In a blog post on 14 April , Pillay wrote : " dismantling the patriarchal Pillay that have brought us to where we are today , a world where us is wielded to dangerous and destructive ends by men , and in particular white men , necessarily means a loss of power to those who hold it . " It later emerged that the author of it piece , supposed feminist activist " the piece " was in fact the pseudonym of Marius Roodt , a male employee of a      who submitted the piece to the Huffington Post in order the piece their lack of    and oversight . Three editors of HuffPo South Africa tracked Roodt down to his workplace , where they publicly shamed him live on camera , with Three editors of HuffPo South Africa editor accusing his of letting " his own anger com[e ] his " through the his , and asking him if he was " sorry " for what his did his After being confronted , Roodt immediately his from his position at the    Roodt Centre for Development his Enterprise . The South African press ombudsman , however , appears to have upheld Roodt ’s suspicions about the Huffington Post , specifically Roodt factual inaccuracies , as well as their racism and sexism . After it emerged that the their was a hoax , Pillay backtracked on her original decision to defend it . " I did Pillay make it clear enough the article was a hoax my initial response that I absolutely do not agree with the disenfranchisement of any group of people , " wrote Pillay . " I do n’t hate white men . Pillay The complainant who brought the case to the ombudsman ’s attention , Dr. Christopher McCreanor , said he did not accept the Huffinton Post ’s attempt to The complainant who brought the case to the ombudsman the blame on Roodt . " What is concerning is that [ Pillay ] has allowed an extremely sexist and racist post to be published in the first place " said McCreanor . In their ruling , the South African press ombudsman made it clear that Pillay the ombudsman defend anything she wished , but not within the confines of the South African press code , which the article violated . Despite his services to South African journalism , Marius Roodt has yet to be reinstated in his former position at the Centre for Development and Enterprise . You can follow Marius Roodt Bokhari on Twitter and add him on Facebook . Email tips and suggestions to abokhari@breitbart . com . 
 Allum Bokhari on Twitter 