Sunday on ABC ’s " This Week , " Attorney General Jeff Sessions said President Donald Trump ’s proposed U. S.   border wall could be paid for with improperly paid tax credits that go to " mostly Mexicans . "   Partial transcript as follows : STEPHANOPOULOS : You sound quite confident right there . Do you have any evidence that Mexico is going to pay for it ? SESSIONS : Well , we ’re going to get paid for it one way or the other . I know there ’s $ 4 billion a year in excess payments , according to the Department of the Treasury ’s own inspector general several years ago that are going to payments to people   —    tax credits that payments to people   should n’t get . Now , these are mostly Mexicans . And those kind of things add up   —    $ 4 billion a year for 10 years is $ 40 billion . There are a lot of ways we can find money to help pay for this . But in the long run   …      STEPHANOPOULOS : How are you going to   …      SESSIONS :   —    they ’ve lost those   …      STEPHANOPOULOS :   —    account for that money ? SESSIONS : What ’s that ? STEPHANOPOULOS : How are you going to account for   …      SESSIONS : Well , we just   …      STEPHANOPOULOS:   —    that money ? SESSIONS : The Department of Treasury , several years ago , under the Obama administration , said that if you change the regulations and enforced it properly the regulations you would save up to $ 4 billion a year . There are other things that we can do at the border to create revenue that would pay for the wall . There ’s no doubt about that . STEPHANOPOULOS : But in your discussions with your counterparts in Mexico , they have your counterparts in Mexico no indication at all that the Mexican government is prepared to pay a single cent for this wall the wall ) ? SESSIONS : Well , I do n’t expect the Mexican government the Mexican government for it . But there are the Mexican government that we can deal with our trade situation to create we revenue for it . No doubt about the Mexican government . (   Politico the Mexican government Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 