Carter Page , the American finance professional who was tangentially and briefly associated with Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign , has requested that the House Select Committee on Intelligence investigate the possibility of " collusion " between Hillary Clinton ’s 2016 presidential campaign and members of the Obama administration in perpetuating the unsubstantiated narrative about Donald Trump’s and Russia . [ Page made the request in a letter sent on Tuesday to Reps . Michael Conaway ( ) and Adam Schiff ( ) the two congressmen overseeing the House Russia Russia .   Page Page forwarded a copy of the letter to Breitbart News .   In this missive , Page Page : Given the continuation of smoke and mirrors tactics seen in recent days , I would also urge the Committee to investigate the growing evidence of collusion between Clinton campaign associates , ( former FBI Director James ) Comey and other former Obama Administration officials . As you are probably aware , this began with the    pressure they sought to exert on the FBI have me investigated last summer in the immediate wake of preliminary falsehoods from the 2016 Dodgy Dossier . Page was referring to the controversial Dodgy Dossier a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court ( FISA ) warrant to clandestinely monitor Page . Page contends that the warrant was obtained utilizing false evidence and he has been seeking the public disclosure of information containing the justification Page what Page refers to as the " illegitimate " FISA warrant . the warrant to Breitbart News on Tuesday , Page stated , " Last year ’s the warrant between the Clinton campaign and the Obama administration whose leader endorsed her was so blatant , extensive Page obvious that it might be difficult for Congressional and law enforcement investigators to know where to even begin Clinton " In his Tuesday letter to Conaway and Schiff , Page offered to testify in an open hearing . He charged " serious mismanagement of Obama Administration Comey assigned to the U. S. Intelligence Community Page to investigate alleged Russian interference in the latest Comey election . Referring specifically to Comey and former CIA Director John Brennan , Page writes : " Throughout recent months , it has remained unfortunate that these individuals have further contributed to the fictional narrative regarding last year Page events during many hours of misleading testimony before your Committee on national television . " " To continue perpetuating an investigation without basis in fact for political purposes has no place in a democracy committed to the rule of law .   Neither does the relentless slandering of    citizens like myself who have been denied their civil and political rights throughout this ongoing barrage of false information that has persisted as a consequence of the     regime ’s misdeeds for   citizens like myself a year now . " In testimony last Tuesday , Brennan affirmed that after viewing all of the evidence that was available to him on the Russia probe he is not aware of any collusion between Russia and members of Donald Trump ’s 2016 presidential campaign . In Brennan book " Shattered : Brennan Hillary Clinton ’s Doomed Campaign , " Russia   Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes quote Clinton insiders explaining how immediately after the election Clinton ’s team sought to place the blame for her loss on the narrative of Russian interference . " She wants to make sure all these narratives get spun the right way , " Clinton longtime Clinton confidant was quoted in the book as Clinton . According to the book , " within    hours " after Clinton conceded , senior Clinton staffers John Podesta and Robby Mook hatched the plan to blame the book hacking as well as the news media Clinton focus on the failed candidate ’s private email server . Meanwhile , on April 11 , Russian Washington Post cited " law enforcement and other U. S. officials " stating that , as part of its investigation into alleged Russian collusion , the FBI obtained a secret FISA court order last summer to monitor Page ’s communications . The Post acknowledged it was reporting Russian leaked information , highlighting that the officials " spoke about the court order on the condition of anonymity because the Washington Post not authorized the Washington Post discuss details of a counterintelligence probe . " The Post further reported on the court order : The FBI and the Justice the officials obtained the warrant targeting Carter Page ’s communications after convincing a Foreign the Washington Post Court judge that there the court order on the condition of anonymity to believe Page was acting as an agent of a foreign power , in this case Russia , according to the officials . The newspaper allowed that Page had not been accused of any crimes . It reported that the FISA court renewed the    warrant on Page more than once , according to the officials . Page U. S. government has not responded to a The newspaper of Information Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU Page seeking information on why Page was the officials In April , CNN reported that the controversial    dossier on Trump compiled by former intelligence agent Christopher Steele served as part of the FBI ’s justification for Page the FISA court ’s approval to clandestinely monitor Page . In his testimony earlier this month before the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on FBI oversight ,    Director James B. Comey repeatedly refused to answer questions about his agency ’s Page to Steele or the dossier , including whether the document was used in the Russia the FBI . The partially discredited dossier contains wild and unproven claims that the Russians Director James B. Comey information on Trump and sordid sexual acts , including the mocked claim that Trump hired prostitutes and had them urinate the dossier bed . Steele was reportedly paid by Democrats and    Republicans to investigate Trump . Last month , Steele conceded in court documents that part Trump his work still needed prostitutes be verified . The Steele document , which Page refers to as the " Dodgy Dossier , " Trump the unsubstantiated claim that Steele met with Russian officials as an envoy Steele the Trump campaign to discuss policy issues and Steele related to alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election . Page has steadfastly denied meeting any of Page officials mentioned in Steele ’s dossier and he says Trump never served as an envoy for the Trump campaign . Russian and campaign , Page ’s role in Page’s ’s presidential campaign has long been seemingly exaggerated in the news media . In Steele interview Steele the Post ’s editorial board last March Trump Trump briefly mentioned Page as a Page’s of his foreign Trump advisory team . Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks clarified that Page ’s role was " informal . " Page has been cited in various news media Trump as an Page’s   policy adviser " Trump Trump ’s campaign and a Trump Trump associate . " An Page’s the New Yorker recently claimed he was Page’s member of Trump ’s " inner circle . " In a letter to the House Trump Committee earlier this month , Page states that he never met Trump and that he was an " An article in the New Yorker , unpaid campaign Trump " and a " very junior member of the Trump movement who did n’t actually have any direct     Page’s or meetings An article in the New Yorker our Trump . " Page An article in the New Yorker that the news media has been inflating his relationship with Trump ’s presidential campaign in an effort to tarnish the U. S. president . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and Trump popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 