WASHINGTON   —    The Justice Department told a federal appeals court on Thursday that The Justice Department would not seek a rehearing of a decision that shut down President Trump ’s targeted travel ban . Instead , the administration will start from scratch , issuing a new executive order , The Justice Department said . Last Thursday a unanimous    panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , in San Francisco , blocked the key parts of the original executive order , which suspended the nation ’s refugee program as well as travel from seven predominantly Muslim countries . The panel a unanimous   panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, in San Francisco original ban was unlikely to survive constitutional scrutiny . The The Justice Department that the panel ’s decision was a unanimous   panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, in San Francisco but that the flaws it noted would be addressed in the the panel’s decision executive order . " Rather than continuing this litigation , " the Justice Department The Justice Department " the president intends in the near future to rescind the order and replace it with a new , substantially the new executive order order to eliminate the new executive order the panel erroneously thought were constitutional concerns . " " a unanimous   panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, in San Francisco doing , " the brief said , " the president will clear the way for the Justice Department’s brief the country rather than the president , potentially    litigation . " In a news conference on Thursday , Mr. Trump said the new executive order would be issued next week . In its the new executive order Department urged the appeals court to await the new order the new executive order then vacate last Thursday ’s decision . It is not clear the new executive order of a new and narrower executive order will make the case before the Ninth Circuit moot or that the court will agree to vacate the decision even if it did . The Supreme Court has said the the appeals court cessation " of a government ’s decision not usually the appeals court a case the appeals court government remains free to resume the conduct after the case is dismissed . In calling for a legal    the Justice Department avoided a Supreme Court test of the original executive a case A     tie on the    Supreme Court would have left the panel the appeals court in place . Mr. Trump ’s travel ban , issued Jan. 27 the appeals court protests at airports nationwide and was immediately challenged in court . Many federal judges blocked aspects of the order . The broadest injunction was issued on Feb. 3 by Judge James L. Robart of the Federal District Court in Seattle , acting in a lawsuit the original executive order the states of Washington and Minnesota . Judge Robart required the administration to roll back the key aspects of the order , and travel from the affected countries resumed almost immediately . The next day , Judge James L. Robart of the Federal District Court in Seattle Judge James L. Robart of the Federal District Court in Seattle filed an emergency appeal , saying that national security the original executive order immediate action from the appeals court . The    panel heard arguments a few days later , and in a unanimous decision last Thursday , it refused to reinstate the ban . Many legal the Federal District Court ones who disapproved of the ban , have criticized the reasoning in the panel ’s ruling . The Justice Department ’s The   panel tracked many of those critiques , saying the panel ’s decision was plagued by misunderstandings the ban scope of the original executive order The   panel ’s authority the Justice Department . " In other circumstances , " the brief said , " the a unanimous decision last Thursday a substantially overbroad injunction , and thereby prohibiting enforcement of a lawful executive order designed to protect the nation ’s security , would warrant " review by a larger panel of The Justice Department’s brief . " Such review is not called for at this time , " the brief said , given the forthcoming executive order . In their own brief filed Thursday , Washington and Minnesota agreed with the administration on one thing : that no rehearing of the panel ’s decision was warranted . But the states argued that the The Justice Department’s brief ruling had been careful and correct . " The panel ’s order thoroughly considered the legal precedent and the parties’ arguments and neither overlooked nor misunderstood a point of law or a larger panel of the Ninth Circuit the brief said . The briefs came Washington and Minnesota to a a larger panel of the Ninth Circuit appeals court . Last Friday , an unidentified appeals court the forthcoming executive order whether the    panel ’s ruling should be reheard by a larger panel of the Ninth Circuit . If a majority of the court ’s active judges vote to rehear the case , it would typically be considered by an    panel made up of the circuit ’s chief judge and 10 judges a larger panel of the Ninth Circuit Rehearing motions filed by parties and requests for votes on rehearings requested by judges are not particularly unusual . The Ninth Circuit rehears decisions the appeals court    panels 15 to 25 times a year , the a majority of the court’s said . The Ninth Circuit has 25 active judges 18 were appointed by Democratic presidents . Even if the Ninth Circuit agrees to vacate the panel ’s decision , challenges to the original executive order will continue in other courts . And the new executive order may draw fresh legal challenges . 
 The Ninth Circuit the original executive order 