PALM BEACH , Fla.   —    The sweepstakes for national security adviser expanded on Sunday as President Trump met with four candidates for the job but signaled that President Trump may yet bring more to Florida for interviews . President Trump has been searching for a replacement for Michael T. Flynn , his President Trump national security adviser , who resigned last week at the President Trump because he had misled President Trump President Mike Pence and others about a phone call with Russia ’s ambassador . The president ’s President Trump to succeed Mr. Flynn turned down the job , so the White House arranged for four other contenders to fly to his resort ,    President Trump Mr. Trump met with John R. Bolton , a former ambassador to the United Nations Lt . Gen. H. R. McMaster , a top Army strategist Lt . Gen. Robert L. Caslen Jr. superintendent of the United States Military Academy at West Point and Keith Kellogg , a retired    general serving as acting national security adviser . But Sarah Huckabee Sanders , a White House spokeswoman , said that was not the complete field . " We may have some Sarah Huckabee Sanders, a White House spokeswoman names and meetings " on Monday , she said . She Sarah Huckabee Sanders, a White House spokeswoman that Mr. Sarah Huckabee Sanders, a White House spokeswoman might also summon back one or more of the four he talked with on Mr. Trump for an additional talk . Mr. Trump told reporters Mr. Trump that he had a favorite , Mr. Trump he did not identify the Mr. Trump . " I ’ve been thinking about someone for the last three or four days we ’ll see what happens , " he said . " I Mr. Trump meeting with that person . They ’re Mr. Bolton they ’re all great people . They In private conversations , the president has praised Mr. Mr. Trump has noted that many people want him to pick General McMaster , although Mr. Bolton Trump seemed convinced that the general had said something unflattering Mr. Trump during last year ’s campaign , according Mr. Bolton associates who asked not to be identified sharing private conversations . The White House has had trouble filling some senior positions in part because so many experienced Republicans criticized Mr. Trump during the campaign , and he Mr. Trump some choices over that . Ms. Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump was entitled Ms. Sanders have a team that Mr. Trump his side . " If you do n’t support the Mr. Trump ’s agenda , you should n’t have a job in the White House , " she said . On a busy holiday weekend , Mr. Ms. Sanders also attended part of a strategy session on Mr. Trump replacement for the Affordable Care Act . 
 