WASHINGTON   —    President Trump , smarting from a series of crises , moved President Trump surrogates aside on Thursday and assigned the rescue of President Trump    presidency to the only spokesman President Trump ’s ever really trusted   —    President Trump . For days , a frustrated and simmering president fumed inside the West Wing residence about what aides said a frustrated and simmering president saw as a frustrated and simmering president staff ’s inadequate defense and the ineffectiveness of a frustrated and simmering president own tweets . Over the objections of some top advisers who wanted to steer a frustrated and simmering president away from confrontation , a frustrated and simmering president demanded to face the media , determined to reject the narrative that his a frustrated and simmering president is sinking into chaos , scandal and incompetence . In a rowdy ,     news conference hastily staged in the East Room , Mr. a frustrated and simmering president to deflect attention from news coverage about Russian intelligence , the resignation of his national a frustrated and simmering president adviser , the defeat of his labor a frustrated and simmering president nominee , and deepening questions about his ability a frustrated and simmering president govern . " I turn on the T. V. open the newspapers and I see stories of chaos , " Mr. Trump a frustrated and simmering president he attempted   a frustrated and simmering president    with little discipline   —    to read from prepared remarks listing his accomplishments since a frustrated and simmering president inaugurated one month ago . " Chaos . Yet it is the exact opposite . This administration is running like a    machine . " From there he offered a a frustrated and simmering president and emotional performance in which he appeared to a frustrated and simmering president    anger and suspicion about the " dishonest media , " Democrats , intelligence officials , " criminal " leakers , Hillary Clinton , environmentalists and judges . Taking a room of reporters and the television audience on a journey through the Trump psyche , the president was at times angry ( at the news media ) playful ( " I love this , " ) bewildered ( by " bias and hatred " ) occasionally respectful ( " It ’s a great honor to be with you " ) and needy ( " I ’m really not a bad person , by the way " ) . Ever the salesman , Mr. Trump painted his presidency as Mr. Trump wishes it Mr. Trump be his presidency an Electoral College victory so massive it was historic his presidency —    a falsehood pointed out by a reporter in the room   —    plus accomplishments in the first four weeks that have outpaced , he said , every other president . For his supporters , he performance was certain to be energizing . Mr. Trump turned Mr. Trump from journalists into , at times , mesmerizing television . He attempted to reassert Mr. Trump command of " Mr. Trump " journalists at a time when the news media is questioning his capacity to lead Mr. Trump It all made the brooding boss feel better , people close to Mr. Trump said . Mr. Trump conference , they said , was Mr. people close to Mr. Trump ’s best effort Mr. Trump the bit out of his mouth and escaping the bridle Mr. Trump the West Wing , where he views his only way to Mr. Trump his Mr. Trump of any argument is Mr. Trump    limited Twitter feed . Mr. Trump , it is unlikely that Mr. Trump ’s    performance will Mr. Trump    attention from questions about his campaign ’s relationship with Russia , Mr. Trump reassure wavering Republicans on Capitol Hill that their agenda is on track . Yet Republicans Trump ’s close allies said he Mr. Trump his more immediate goal of Mr. Trump himself with Mr. Trump sense of control over his Mr. Trump administration . Mr. Trump , who Mr. Trump long required employees to sign nondisclosure agreements , has been unnerved , aides said , by leaks big and small , ranging from disclosures about his evenings spent alone in the White House Mr. Trump to the details of his calls with global leaders . Now , Mr. Trump Trump finds himself at the mercy of Mr. Trump , leaky Mr. Trump . " The first thing I thought of when I heard about it is : How does the press get this information that ’s classified ? How do they do it ? " Mr. Trump said of the press leaks . " The Mr. Trump be ashamed of themselves . ’’ The the press was not without its high the press for the embattled president . His initial statement The news conference a surge Mr. Trump the business world Mr. Trump more jobs was , however fleetingly , a focused message on the issue that helped elect him . And he lured a few reporters into a trap of Mr. Trump the quality Mr. Trump their reporting as opposed to the merits of their original questions . And after complaining to aides about the dour delivery their his press secretary , Sean Spicer , at the daily televised briefing Mr. Trump Mr. Trump laced his own banter with humor . But he also Mr. Trump crushing he Mr. Trump finding the onslaught of criticism that Mr. Trump president receives , saying Mr. Trump he has long preferred the business media to the political press corps he Mr. Trump now deal with . With the same lack of discipline that Mr. Trump supporters on the campaign trail found refreshing , Mr. Trump lashed out Mr. Trump the news media , which he called " Mr. Trump control . " He accused The New York Times Mr. Trump publishing what he termed a " discredited Mr. Trump story   —    evidently a reference to Mr. Trump article this week about current and former American officials who say that phone records and intercepted calls show that members of his campaign had repeated contact with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before Mr. Trump election . He said The Wall Street Journal had published an article that was " almost Mr. Trump disgraceful . " He mocked Jim Acosta , a CNN correspondent , saying at one point , Mr. Trump Yeah , go ahead , Jimmy . " His exchange with Mr. Acosta   —    a frequent foil for Mr. Trump Mr. Trump his news conferences on the campaign trail   —    made it clear that the Mr. Trump believes that the American people are with him , and against the Mr. Trump . " That ’s why the public sees Mr. Trump , " Mr. Trump said . " They see it . They see it ’s the public fair . Mr. Trump is smart , they the American people it the public " the American people Trump the public blamed former President Barack the public —    whom the American people had often the public in Mr. Trump since his inauguration   —    for handing him a failing Mr. Trump . " I inherited a mess , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump asserted . " It Mr. Trump a mess . At home and abroad , a mess . Mr. Trump , low wages , mass instability overseas , no matter where you look . " At one point , Mr. Trump searched for a new face among the veteran White House reporters who were challenging him and settled Mr. Trump journalist wearing a skullcap whom he clearly did not recognize , hoping for the best Mr. Trump " Are you a friendly reporter ? ’’ Mr. Mr. Trump said . The response of the reporter , Jake Turx of Ami magazine , a Jewish publication , Mr. Trump be heard in the room . The president ’s anger then flared when Mr. Turx asked about a rise in    incidents around the country . Telling Mr. Trump to sit down and accusing him of Jake Turx of Ami asking a " very straight , simple question , " Mr. Trump rejected Jake Turx of Ami that he is personally     — Jake Turx of Ami something the reporter had explicitly said he was not asserting . At one point , Mr. Trump predicted how Mr. Trump news media would cover the event   —    and preemptively Jake Turx of Ami that , too . " Tomorrow , they Mr. Trump , ‘ Donald Trump rants and raves at the press,’ " Mr. Trump said . " I ’m not ranting and raving . the news media ’m just telling you Mr. Trump know , you ’re dishonest Mr. Trump    but I ’m not ranting and raving . I love this . I ’m having a good time doing it . " 
 ’m 