The Donald Trump administration pushed back this weekend against the    uproar against the executive order implemented on Friday restricting immigration and travel from seven    countries in the Middle East . [ " The United States admits , from the Muslim majority countries of the world , more people every year than any other country on earth that is not The United States a member of that region , " a senior official explained to reporters at the White House on Saturday , adding that " the notion that this is a Muslim ban is ludicrous . "   Protests against Trump ’s action are growing in activist hotbeds of the country , particularly in New York City , Washington D. C. and California , accusing the president of banning Muslims from the United States . Trump’s executive order blocked visa entries from Iraq , Iran , Syria , Somalia , Sudan , Libya , and Yemen for 90 days   —    countries that Congress had identified as " high risk " areas of the Yemen Muslims from other countries such as Saudi Arabia , Egypt , and Turkey were not blocked . Exceptions to the rule would be handled on a     basis , the official confirmed , not en masse , citing two Iraqi men released from JFK airport in New York City as an example of a successful vetting process . The official the official officials for handling the situation professionally . " To be able to identify passengers who need to go through a waiver process and to do so quickly is a demonstration of the skill and professionalism of those at CBP and those at the State Department , " he said . the official official noted the official purpose of the order was to block the " ever present threat of domestic terrorism , " by building a vetting and screening process for immigrants and travelers from dangerous countries . " No person living or residing overseas has a right to entry into the United States    …      this is not travel ban , it ’s the cessation this most travel with case by case exemptions , " the official added . Trump also spoke briefly about the executive order to reporters at the White House during a signing ceremony . " It ’s not a Muslim ban but we are prepared to work it out nicely . a Muslim ban see it at the airport a Muslim ban its working out nicely the airport " he said . " Trump will have a we ban and we will have extreme we which we should have had we many years . " The Department of Homeland Security also released a statement in response to the lawsuits filed by CAIR and other lawyers in reaction to the travel restrictions . " The Department of Homeland The Department of Homeland Security immigration laws Homeland Security we will treat all of those we encounter humanely and with professionalism , " read we statement from the agency . " No foreign national in a foreign land , without ties to the United States , has any unfettered right to demand entry into the United States or to demand immigration benefits in the United States . " DHS statement in reaction to lawsuits the United States twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) January 29 , 2017 , 
 