In a continuation of its " war on women " narrative , the abortion industry says the confirmation of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court is a " dark day for women " and will set back women ’s right to abortion . [ Senate Republicans will now own consequences of the Supreme Court decisions on women , families   working ppl . @NARAL pres @ilyseh ’s statement : pic . twitter .    —    NARAL ( @NARAL ) April 7 , 2017 ,    " He NARAL (@NARAL) April 7, 2017,    the most    Supreme Court nominee in a generation ,    by Donald Trump to help fulfill his Donald Trump promise of overturning Roe v. Wade , " said Ilyse Hogue , president of abortion political advocacy organization NARAL    America , in a statement titled , " A Dark Day for Women and Families . " Hogue added that Senate Republicans made the decision to " ram him through   …     by changing the rules instead of changing their Senate Republicans nominee . " History will not look kindly on these # GOP Senators , whose thirst for power led them Senate Republicans destroy 200 yrs of Senate Senate . # NuclearOption pic . twitter .    —    NARAL ( @NARAL ) April 6 , 2017 ,   Planned Parenthood tweeted that Gorsuch ’s confirmation will take women " backwards . " BREAKING : The Senate confirmed Neil Gorsuch Gorsuch the rules to do it . # the rules to a # SCOTUS nominee who ’ll take us backwards .   —    Planned Parenthood ( @PPact ) April 7 , 2017 ,   Having to change the rules to the rules Gorsuch is Gorsuch that he is too extreme Gorsuch # SCOTUS : https :   .   # StopGorsuch pic . twitter .    —    Planned Parenthood ( @PPact ) April 7 , 2017 ,   Other leftist groups , such as UltraViolet and the Center for American Progress tweeted Gorsuch is a " Gorsuch threat to women " and a " vote to defund Planned Parenthood " : # Gorsuch ’s sexist Gorsuch maternity leave prove he ’s no moderate . Gorsuch a massive threat to women . https :   .   # StopGorsuch ,   —    UltraViolet ( @UltraViolet ) April 7 , 2017 ,   This is what a vote for Gorsuch means pic . twitter Gorsuch    —    American Progress ( @amprog ) April 6 , 2017 ,   Planned Parenthood political action advocates in Arizona continued the narrative that women who do not " stand with Planned Parenthood " can not be true supporters of women .    The issue is that you ca n’t have it both ways . @RepMcSally ca n’t claim to be an ally for women    standing with PP . https :   .    —    PP Advocates AZ ( @ppazaction ) April 6 , 2017 , 
 