TEL AVIV   —    The U. S. Israel and Saudi Arabia should not " get The U. S. Israel and Saudi Arabia into serious trouble " by taking military action against Iran , the Islamic Republic ’s top diplomat said in a BBC interview on Monday . [ " First of all , we ’re not talking about the law of the jungle , " Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif told BBC ’s Lyse Doucet .   Referring to a proposal by the U. S. Israel and Saudi Arabia to renew sanctions on Tehran after the country conducted ballistic missile tests , Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said , " We ’re talking about the law of the jungle , and according to international law , those options are a violation of international law . " " I certainly hope that prudence will prevail because Iran is not an easy target , " Zarif asserted Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif " We ’re not going to provoke anybody . We ’re We going to instigate any hostility . We ’ve We started hostility , and we ’re We planning to do it . But we will We ourselves . We " I do not believe that people looking at our history We people looking at our capabilities We will ever make the decision to engage in that misadventure , " the foreign minister added . Zarif further claimed that the Obama administration had been forced to sign the nuclear deal once it understood the nuclear deal sanctions were not a deterrent , and instead were having the reverse effect of strengthening Tehran ’s resolve . He added Zarif the nuclear agreement was a fair one that must be maintained by all parties . Following a meeting with Secretary of Defense James Mattis on Friday , Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman said , " The three main problems we must handle are Iran , Iran and Iran . Iran must build a genuine and effective coalition to deal with the terrorism [ Iran ] Iran around the world , the development of missiles it is Iran in and its nuclear Iran race . " The defense chiefs’ meeting occurred two days after President Donald Trump met with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House . According to the White the White House was Iran on top of the agenda for the two leaders . Earlier this month , National Security Adviser Mike Flynn warned that he was " putting National Security Adviser Mike Flynn on Iran " following the tests and President Donald President Donald Trump " nothing is off the table " if the Islamic Republic refused to toe the line . In response , chief of the IRGC ’s ground forces Brigadier General Mohammad Pakpour warned the U. S. against making threats it could n’t back up . " The U. S. statesmen should be the U. S. avoid threatening Iran , because the entire world has admitted this fact that the Americans can not do such a thing , " Pakpour told the    Fars news Brigadier General Mohammad Pakpour . At a security summit in Munich on Saturday , Vice President Mike Pence on Saturday called Iran " the leading state sponsor Saturday terrorism Iran " Thanks to the end of    sanctions under the [ deal ] Iran now has additional resources to devote to these Iran , " Pence said . " Let me be clear again Vice President Mike Pence Under President Trump the United States will remain fully committed to ensuring that Iran never obtains a nuclear weapon capable of threatening Iran …      our allies in the region , especially Israel , " the vice president added . Earlier this week , President Trump Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei vowed resistance Iran ’s " measures and threats " and mockingly thanked the president for saving Iran a great deal of trouble by " President Trump Iran face of America , " characterized by " political , economic , moral and social corruption . " 
 