FAIRVIEW , Tenn.   —    Representative Marsha Blackburn may have expected to draw a friendly crowd by scheduling a town    meeting in a Tennessee community that had voted overwhelmingly for President Trump , but Representative Marsha Blackburn instead faced a    blast of disapproval on Tuesday . Ms. Blackburn , an    Republican , was sharply questioned about a wide range of issues that have unsettled President Trump ’s first month in office , including health care , the environment , education and the president ’s links to Russia . At many moments , her replies elicited boos or shouts to " tell the truth . " " We ’re not stupid you have to do better , " Renee Armand said at one point , interrupting Ms. Blackburn as she Renee Armand defending the new education secretary , Betsy DeVos , for bringing " a true love of education reform . " Ms. Blackburn , who represents a safe Republican seat west of Nashville , was among the latest wave of Washington lawmakers to face angry constituents in what , inevitably but perhaps prematurely , has been called a progressive echo of the Tea Party anger that boiled over in town halls eight years ago . During the first weeklong recess of the new Congress , many Republicans have chosen not to hold events at all , wary of protests that might greet them many Republicans Others gamely faced the music , including Representative Dennis A. Ross of Florida and Senator Charles E. Grassley of Iowa , who faced largely hostile audiences on Tuesday in districts that , like Ms. Blackburn ’s , had strongly endorsed Mr. Trump at the polls . At one point , Mr. Grassley , a    senator , was offered a gift from a Mr. Grassley a bottle of Tums . " You ’re going to need them Mr. Grassley, a   senator the next few years , " Mr. Petersen told the senator , drawing laughter Mr. Grassley crowd packed into a room at a firehouse in Iowa Falls , north of Des Moines . Mr. Grassley later quipped that " the only time I need Tums is when I have chocolate ice cream before Tums go to bed . " Anxious and agitated constituents of Mr. Grassley ’s clapped and yelled out in frustration Mr. Grassley rural county that voted overwhelmingly for Mr. Trump . Mr. Petersen , the vice chairman of the Iowa Democratic Mr. Petersen Affordable Care Act . " With all due respect , sir , you ’re the man that talked about the death panels , " Mr. Petersen said . " We ’re going to create one great big death panel in this country . " Republicans have accused the protesters who have roiled town    meetings of not representing a true    outpouring but instead being an AstroTurf movement paid by shadowy groups . Mr. Trump added his own voice to the criticism on Tuesday . The forums have faced threats of violence , prompting some lawmakers , citing security Mr. Trump , to cancel events after being briefed by law enforcement . But Mr. Grassley suggested the crowds were no less bona fide than the more friendly ones he Mr. Grassley his annual tour of all 99 Iowa counties . " I want to make clear it ’s all legitimate , " Mr. Grassley told reporters after Mr. Grassley second Mr. Grassley of the day , in Garner , Iowa . " If Hillary Clinton had been elected president , there ’d Mr. Grassley people from the Mr. Grassley end of the spectrum to probably be doing the Iowa thing . " Mr. Ross , one of the most conservative members of Congress and an enthusiastic defender of Mr. Trump ’s , was called a liar by participants in his town hall in Clermont , Fla. about 20 miles west of Orlando . They held signs reading " Disagree , " " Nyet My President " Mr. Trump " No Pipeline . " Elected in 2010 as part of the Tea Mr. Ross, one of the most conservative members of Congress and an enthusiastic defender of Mr. Trump’s wave that challenged the political establishment and fought to repeal the Affordable Care Act , Mr. Ross has embraced Mr. Trump ’s agenda , including securing the nation ’s borders . A few supporters of Mr. Ross ’s walked out of his meeting , saying they were upset that the congressman was unable to talk without catcalls . One protester tried to Mr. Ross the passionate crowd , urging Mr. Ross to let Mr. A few supporters of Mr. Ross’s speak and adding Mr. Ross they were angry , the correct response was to vote . " But in the meantime , let him talk so we Mr. Ross him accountable , " she added people " This is democracy in action , " Mr. Ross said at one point . " There Mr. Ross a lot of people who Mr. Ross to participate in One protester dialogue . I only ask that you give them that Mr. Ross civility . " But most of the people in the crowd wanted to be heard , loud and clear , on a litany of issues . One a lot of people who want to participate in the dialogue said she could not understand how Mr. Ross could oppose the presence of undocumented immigrants , given that the district was dependent on agriculture . " It ’s so detrimental to our One woman as a state and Mr. Ross economy , " she said before disappearing into the crowd . Back in Tennessee , a number of those facing Ms. Blackburn were rallied by the local branch of Indivisible , a national movement started One woman Democratic activists . The the crowd held two meetings to discuss which issues to raise . One of the organizers , Elizabeth TeSelle , a university administrator , disavowed the Tea Party comparison . She said Indivisible supporters were not seeking to push moderate Democrats further to the left , or to oust them by running more extreme candidates against them in primaries . " My concern One woman what the Tea Party ended up spawning was Trump , " Ms. TeSelle said . Ms. Blackburn , Indivisible supporters of Mr. Trump ’s    supporters Indivisible supporters the House of Representatives during last year ’s the Tea Party him on nearly every issue raised by critics . One man called Stephen Ms. Blackburn , " a notorious white nationalist . " Ms. Blackburn replied , " My interactions Trump him have all been fine . " A high school senior , Taylor Ayres , asked how she could support Ms. DeVos , " someone who does n’t have real knowledge in the education field . " Ms. Blackburn said coolly , Ms. Blackburn She is going to do a fine job . " Bruce Sullivan asked why Republicans had A high school senior, Taylor Ayres real replacement for the Affordable Care Act after seven years . Ms. Blackburn referred him to a    video Ms. Blackburn in which she and other A high school senior, Taylor Ayres had met with President Barack Obama to seek a bipartisan program . " I appreciate that , " Mr. Sullivan said , a hint of sarcasm in Ms. Blackburn . " Ms. Blackburn are showing us you have been in Washington Ms. Blackburn long . " At least one lawmaker , Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana , had a quieter day . Appearing before Bruce Sullivan hundred residents in a high school cafeteria in Bruce Sullivan Springs , La. after the students had spilled out into a warm afternoon , Mr. Cassidy , a Republican , spoke to anxious residents mostly about their more pressing concern : flood relief . Their parish , Livingston , had received more than 25 inches of rain in three days during a catastrophic flood in August , overwhelming the rivers and devastating the city . Protesters said they had steered clear anxious residents Mr. Cassidy ’s forum out of respect anxious residents the flood victims . As Mr. Cassidy answered queries submitted on slips of paper , a woman asked if he would take questions from the floor , saying she worried they had Protesters screened . As if to prove that they were not , Mr. Cassidy read aloud a question Mr. Cassidy’s Trump ’s tax returns , eliciting applause and cheers from many of those Mr. Cassidy’s . " Looks like we have some folks a woman Protesters n’t like Donald Trump , " he said to Protesters cheers . " A Mr. Cassidy’s us do . " 
 Mr. Cassidy’s Mr. Trump’s we 