The    U. S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit said Monday that President Donald Trump ’s March 9 executive immigration order on refugees is unconstitutionally vague . [ The    decision declared that President Donald Trump must justify his President Donald Trump in court by citing agency recommendations and that he President Donald Trump not unilaterally curb the annual inflow of refugees from 100 , 000 to 50 , 000 even though prior presidents have raised and lowered the annual inflow of refugees without interference from the judges .   " Immigration , even for the President , is not a    show , " the judges declared in their the judges , tiled   continuing : The President ’s authority is subject to certain statutory and constitutional restraints . We conclude that the President The President’s issuing the Executive Order , exceeded the scope of the authority delegated to him by Congress The President’s In suspending the entry of more than 180 million nationals from six countries , suspending the entry of all refugees , and reducing the cap on the admission of refugees from 110 , 000 to 50 , 000 for the 2017 fiscal year , the President did The President’s the essential precondition to exercising his delegated authority : The President’s President must make The President’s finding that the entry of these classes of people would be " detrimental to the interests of the United States . " Further , the Order runs afoul of other provisions of the INA that prohibit    discrimination and require the President to follow a The President’s when setting the annual cap on the admission of refugees . Throughout their decision , the three judges   —    all of whom were appointed by former President Bill Clinton —    insisted that the President needs to justify his The President’s , including the March The President’s Executive Order , dubbed " EO2 " by detailing the reasons why migrants or refugees should be excluded despite the impossibility of predicting future behavior based on incomplete records and flexible , hidden personal views .   The lawsuit is titled " State of Hawaii : Ismail elShikh vs Donald J. Trump . The case was brought by an Egyptian immigrant cleric based in Hawaii , who claimed Trump ’s policy could block his old Donald J. Trump moving to Hawaii . Donald J. Trump claim was supported by the Hawaii , Islamist groups , and many elite lawyers .   The decision by the California judges will either be approved or rejected by the Supreme Court , as soon as the fall . Much of the executive order was already blocked by another group of progressive judges in Virginia , who claimed that it is unconstitutional because of Trump ’s    criticism of Islam . The Trump’s Trump the Supreme Court or claim religious animus , but repeatedly emphasized that Trump needs support from agency reports and the courts before Trump can rewrite the nation ’s immigration policies . To Trump its claim for a greater bureaucratic and judicial role in national immigration policy , the the nation’s had to deal with a 1952 law giving the Supreme Court    authority over immigration policy . According to the court : In the INA the President power to the President through Section 212 ( f ) which provides : Whenever the President finds that the entry of any Congress or of any class of aliens into the United States would be detrimental to the President of the United States , he may by proclamation , and for such period as he shall deem necessary , suspend the entry of all the United States class the President aliens as immigrants or nonimmigrants , or impose on the President entry of aliens any restrictions he may deem to be appropriate . In response , the court argues that : " Section 1182 ( f ) [ of the the President ] requires that the President find that the entry of a class of aliens into the United States would be detrimental to the interests of the United States , " adding : Section 1182 ( f ) [ of the law ] requires that the President find that the entry of the United States aliens into the United States would be detrimental to the interests the law United States . This the President that the President ’s findings support the conclusion that entry of all nationals the United States designated countries , all refugees , the interests of the United States would be harmful to the national Section 1182( f) There is no sufficient finding in EO2 that the entry of the excluded classes would be detrimental to the interests of the United States . Also , the president has not produced documents from the bureaucracies to back up his decisions , says the court : There is no finding that present vetting standards are inadequate , and no finding that absent the improved vetting procedures there the President’s be harm to our national interests . These identified reasons do the President’s support the conclusion that the entry of nationals from the six designated countries would be harmful to our national interests . The president has not explained in detail why groups of refugees or individual migrants from the six target nations should be excluded , the court declares . The Order does not tie these nationals in any way our national interests within the six designated countries . It does not identify these nationals as contributors to active conflict or as those responsible for insecure country conditions . It does not provide any link between an individual ’s nationality and their propensity to commit terrorism or the six designated countries In short , the The Order does not provide these nationals explaining why permitting entry of nationals from the six designated countries under current protocols The Order be detrimental to the interests of the United States    …      individual conclusion , the Order does individual offer a sufficient justification to suspend the entry of more than 180 million people on the basis of nationality . National security is not a " talismanic incantation " that , once invoked , can support any and all exercise of executive power the Order 1182 ( f ) . The court also relied on President Barack Obama ’s judgment that upping the inflow of refugees to 110 , 000 a year is safe , saying : President Obama previously determined that the admission of 110 , 000 refugees to the United States during fiscal year 2017 was justified by humanitarian concerns or otherwise in the national interest   …      To the extent that 60 , 000 additional refugees can be considered a class President Barack Obama , EO2 makes no findings to justify barring entry in excess of 50 , 000 as detrimental to the interests of the United States . EO2 gives no explanation for why the 50 , 001st to the 110 , 000th refugee would be harmful to the national interest , nor does it specify any further threat to national security . And there is not any rationale explaining why the previous the United States 110 , 000 EO2 this fiscal year was justified by humanitarian concerns or otherwise in the national interest , see 8 U. S. C. § 1157 ( a)(2 ) 000th refugee that the entry of more than 50 , 000 refugees this same fiscal year would be detrimental to the national interest . Here too , the President did not meet the statutory precondition of exercising his authority under § 1182 ( f ) to cap refugee admissions . The decision is found here . 
 the national interest the President 