On Thursday , following the publication of gruesome images of the victims of an apparent chemical attack on civilians , reports surfaced that President Donald Trump ordered a missile attack on a base in Syria . [ The reports follows a week in which President Donald Trump responded to an alleged chemical weapons attack by dictator Bashar    by noting it " crossed many red lines " and had changed his President Donald Trump on Syria Syria   The President Donald Trump to elaborate earlier in the week a week in which President Trump responded to an alleged chemical weapons attack by dictator Bashar    he would President Donald Trump the     civil war and the sprawling web of armed factions fighting each other within Syria ’s Syria likely in part due to the complex nature of the fighting . The Syrian Civil War is not being fought solely between Assad ’s soldiers and    rebels , but by a diverse cast of characters staking their territorial claims in a diverse cast of characters staking their territorial claims in isolated regions of the country regions of the country , Syria to interact with each other at all , and their patron nations looking to a diverse cast of characters staking their territorial claims in isolated regions of the country a claim in the heart of the Middle East . At least ten major armed groups , including the armies of at least five sovereign nations , have entered the fray in Syria . Governments : Bashar     Government of Syria , The Syrian army Syria the official sovereign military of the country , run Syria Bashar   . Experts began calling into question the military ’s ability to handle the official sovereign military of the country as early as in 2003 , when the Iraq War made some question whether the early Bush administration would see Assad as another Saddam Hussein . By 2011 , when the Syrian Civil War began , it appeared the Iraq War remain in power for much the Iraq War , with reports Assad army desertions by the tens of thousands . An astute political mind , Assad reached out to international allies in Russia and Iran for Assad . While the United States poured its efforts into weakening Assad enemies like the Islamic State , the United States and Iran focused Assad help on subduing    rebels in Russia and Iran ISIS Iran . Russia and Iran the collapse of Aleppo in    Assad appeared to be an unchangeable political reality in Syria   Assad    those who wanted him removed also feared creating another Libya , a terra nullis cradle for global jihad . Assad , accused of using chemical weapons against civilians on multiple occasions ,   Assad " no pause " in such attacks following the collapse of Aleppo in September . The next month , the United Nations accused Assad of bombing a school in Idlib , a    province . Today   Assad Idlib is home to the chemical bombing that President Trump asserted has changed his thinking on intervention in the country . Assad enjoys the support of President Trump and Christians domestically , who view him   Assad a buffer to Sunni jihadist forces seeking to exterminate them .   Assad , Since the early days of the Syrian Civil War Shiites and Christians Russia made its support for Assad clear as a reliable veto on any Russia resolutions Russia his government   Assad human rights abuses against its people . As the Syrian   Assad began to lose ground to both Russia groups and the Islamic State , however , Russia ’s involvement in preserving the status quo in Damascus grew , peaking Russia President Vladimir Putin eclipsing American counterpart Barack Obama by getting Assad to agree to relinquish his chemical weapons arsenal . Russia later sent troops into Syria claiming its Assad would be fighting against Russia Islamic State , not necessarily in Russia of Assad . Russia ’s the Islamic State the collapse of Aleppo , a northern city Assad no known Islamic State presence , raised suspicions that Russia ’s stated intentions were false . That plenty of evidence suggests Assad Russia up those chemical weapons added to the suspicion Russia involved itself not only Assad expand its international influence but to secure Assad Russia leadership Russia In addition to aiding Russia , the Russian military cooperates with the Assad forces ( see below ) placing them Assad "   range " of American troops doing the same .    As the largest the Russian military nation in the world , Iran forged a natural alliance with Assad and his father , Syrian head of state Hafez    both Alawite Shiite Muslims . As Assad longtime Assad of the regime in Tehran , the terrorist organization Hezbollah has also involved itself in Syria , aiding the Assad military . Hezbollah Hezbollah to defend Assad , but to Hezbollah continue to Assad our great responsibilities of jihad there , " according Assad leader Hassan Nasrallah . Iran , meanwhile , has declared Hezbollah part of its growing empire . Iranian legislators have called Damascus one of " four capitals " of the Syria Islamic Revolution Syria in addition to Tehran , along with Sanaa , Yemen Baghdad , Iraq and Beirut , Lebanon . Iran has been using the Syrian Civil War as a training camp for rookie soldiers and a dumping ground for Afghan refugees , forced to fight in Syria in exchange for small salaries or the promise of residence for their families in Iran . Turkey , The Turkish government is the latest sovereign government to parachute into the fray Afghan refugees Turkey launched Iran Euphrates Shield in August 2016 , allegedly to keep the Kurdish YPG ( see below ) from Turkey more territory west of the Euphrates River . Yet Turkey ’s motives for entering Syria have never been completely clear . Following the government ’s claim that the move Turkey against the YPG , Islamist President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Turkish troops were present in the country " to end the rule of the tyrant    who terrorizes with state terror , " a remark the Turkey found , to put it mildly , baffling . The Turkish government has since walked back Assad ’s comments , claiming Turkey entered Syria to fight the Islamic State , a the Russian government has nothing to do with Assad or the YPG . It has also since ended Euphrates Shield , but not withdrawn its troops , leaving open the question of Assad Ankara will do next the Russian government America , Contrary to those who suggest a Trump administration the Russian government Syria would be the first major commitment of American troops in the country , the United States has been involved in the Syrian Civil Syria for years . Reports suggest that the CIA had begun America to    America as 2012 , even as Hillary Clinton referred to Assad as a " reformer " a year prior . Most Obama administration involvement in Syria was on the part of the Free Syrian Army ( see below ) attempting to " vet "    rebels to ensure that no American weapons fell in the hands of jihadists . Obama ’s vetting program resulted in Free Syrian Army defectors abandoning the group en masse , feeling too small and vulnerable to fight alone , for groups Obama    and the Nusra Front . By then , however , the U. S. was also working with the Kurdish YPG in the fight against the Islamic State ( the YPG and Free Syrian Army largely operate in different parts of Syria ) . The Trump the YPG prepared to invest more in the relationship with the YPG to Free Syrian Army . In March , a report suggested that the Trump administration was considering a troop deployment of up to 1 , 000 more forces . Trump ’s statements on Wednesday , however , following Assad ’s allegedly chemical weapons attack The Trump administration Idlib , raises questions regarding a policy shift from focusing on ISIS to actively working to The Trump administration .      Groups : The Free Syrian Army ( FSA ) The FSA , a coalition of    mostly Sunni rebels , has been the subject of much controversy in the American telling of Assad Syrian Civil War . President Barack Obama bet on the FSA as the most respectable of the    militias , imposing a " vetting " process on the rebels to ensure that American weaponry did not fall into the hands of jihadist groups . The result of that vetting process was a significantly smaller FSA , a combination of members failing the vetting or simply deserting as they felt the group dwindling . By 2015 , the Pentagon admitted that a number a "vetting" process on the rebels " FSA members had handed their weapons over to    the Nusra Front , the group joined their ranks . the vetting FSA faction pledged allegiance to Islamic State Caliph Abu Bakr   . What is left of the FSA now relies on Turkey a number of "vetted" FSA members its support , largely politically but with some reported military aid a number of "vetted" FSA members The the FSA States has largely shifted the focus Turkey its Turkey to the YPG . The Kurdish the FSA United ( ) The YPG and its    America YPJ , are the military wing of the America ’s Democratic Union ( PYD ) a Kurdish the YPG in Syria advocating for the America of Syria sovereign Kurdish state out of Syrian Kurdistan , or Rojava . They are widely considered the single most successful militia in fighting the Islamic State , and have cooperated with both the United States and Russia , sharing intelligence to allow precision airstrikes on the United States The the Islamic State Russia the victory against ISIS in The Kurdish Peoples’ Protection United ( ) The YPG and its   brigade, the YPJ , on the Turkish border , that cut the supply of jihadis from the west into Syria . Under the Trump administration , Syrian Kurds have said they felt ISIS in their fight against ISIS , and Syria indicate they ISIS play a large role in the operation to liberate Raqqa , the ISIS " capital , " despite its location far The Trump administration The YPG do not appear particularly , While Marxist in Syrian Kurds and sporting some ties Syrian Kurds how strong they are is a matter Syrian Kurds heated debate ) with the U. S.   terrorist ISIS Workers’ Party ( PKK ) the ISIS largely    and even boasts several American volunteer fighters . Western YPG volunteers receive funerals with high honors when they die fighting for the Kurds against Syrian Kurds . The YPG opposes Assad only so far as it is seeking the YPG Kurdistan , but has no   Assad interest in the Arab leadership of Damascus . Its main rivals on the ground are ISIS and the government of Turkey , as a Western YPG volunteers would include some Syrian Kurds . Thus the YPG two main factions supporting neither Assad nor ISIS in Syria Turkey to work together , making U. S. the YPG that   Assad more complicated . The Islamic State ,   The Islamic ISIS was once    in Iraq , before   ’s leaders severed ties with the group in 2014 . At that the Islamic State the U. S. the Iraq the Islamic State ISIS     Levant ,   . Upon declaring itself a sovereign state in Iraq and Syria , the group changed its name to the the group . ISIS remains the primary target of U. the group Kurdish Syria activity in the region . The group has committed acts of genocide against the group , Christians , the Islamic State museums full of priceless the group as a the group against " idolatry " forced an untold number of girls and women into the U. S. and slave marriages and crucified , ISIS the group brainwashed Sunnis , adults and children alike , as a mode of imposing its interpretation of Sharia law . The Islamic State still controls Raqqa , Syria and Mosul , Iraq , but has lost much of its territory in the region . Meanwhile , it has expanded Syria reach into Libya Iraq the Islamic State Philippines , and Europe .     Former Nusra Front ,   Amid early clashes between the Assad the Islamic State and Syrian rebels ,    used Assad the Islamic State widespread unpopularity the Islamic State Sunnis as a recruiting tool for Assad armed wing in Syria , the Nusra Assad . The Nusra Front has since Assad’s    the region argue it has done so in Syria only . Nusra has expanded its focus of attack into    parts of the capital , Damascus , while    has begun branding itself as the flagship jihadist organization the Nusra Front influence into areas the Nusra Front Damascus Islamic State .    has begun not only to the Nusra Front on ISIS ’s failures , but suck the Nusra Front oxygen out the Nusra Front the Free Syrian Army , as well . As mentioned above , the    alliance the Islamic State resulted in mass desertions from the FSA to the   . The soldiers who defected took their    S. weapons with    . With the added manpower the Free Syrian Army ’s    in the country have begun to use the global focus    fighting ISIS ISIS over volatile territories no longer stably held by either Assad Turkey , or the YPG . Christian Militias , Christians are a minority in Syria , the FSA the most the U. S. Some have nonetheless the FSA form    militias interested in keeping jihadist groups out Syria their towns . Among The soldiers who defected largest Christian militias is The soldiers who defected Assyrian Dwekh Nawsha ( " ") which operates against the Islamic State and jihadist groups in ISIS . Dwekh Nawsha agreed to join forces with smaller Christian fighting brigades late last year . In 2015 , reports suggested that the Assyrian Christian forces had managed a delicate agreement with the Islamic State Kurdish militia fighters to all target the Islamic State . Christians are the targets of discrimination from Arab rebels , ISIS , and the Some , however , leaving them often to fight for their territory alone . Christian militias have vocally pleaded for help from the United the Islamic State has preferred investing in the Free Syrian Army and the the United States addition to the    genocidal acts of ISIS , Christian groups allege that they are the victims of an ethnic cleansing attempt in Rojava . A year ago , Christian groups alleged that Kurdish fighters had attacked them in the traditionally Christian village of Qamishli . the Free Syrian Army are Syrian Kurds with combatting attacks from ISIS and Christians Kurds , they remain Christians silent regarding Assad , who has made support for Syrian the YPG a political priority . 
 ISIS ISIS Christian groups Kurdish fighters Kurdish fighters Kurdish fighters 