Thursday night ’s Congressional Baseball Game was hailed as the ultimate sign of bipartisan unity , but dozens of Democrat staffers reportedly cursed , booed , and jeered when President Donald Trump appeared on the video screen at Nationals Park to deliver a message of unity .   According to a Washington Times report , dozens of Democrat staffers erupted into boos , jeers and even vulgar gesticulations " while Trump was President Donald Trump , " you are showing the world we will not be intimidated by threats . " One person reportedly " shouted an expletive " at Trump while President Donald Trump even mocked the teams when they gathered others second base in prayer . " As you all know tonight ’s game has taken on a much deeper level of meaning , beyond anything that we would have thought , " Trump said President Donald Trump the video . " By playing tonight , you are showing the world that we will not be intimidated by threats , acts of violence , or assaults on our democracy . " # CongressionalBaseballGame ⚾ ️ pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 15 , 2017 ,   After House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( ) was shot Wednesday morning while practicing for the game with his fellow Republican teammates , leaders of both parties called for unity and civility . Perhaps Democrats were just following their leader The House Minority Leader . The House Minority Leader ended the truce hours before the game the game with his fellow Republican teammates accused Republicans of being " The House Minority Leader " for expressing concern about violent    rhetoric that may have motivated the shooter , a rabid hater of President Donald Trump and Republicans . The shooter , James Hodgkinson , asked at least two Representatives whether the players on the baseball diamond were Republicans or Democrats before opening fire . Capitol Police Special Agent David Bailey , who was shot while taking down the shooter with two other special agents to prevent what Sen. Rand Paul ( ) said would have otherwise been a massacre , threw out the first pitch .    Capitol Police Officer David Bailey   —    wounded in yesterday ’s attack   —    threw out tonight ’s first pitch . # CongressionalBaseballGame pic . twitter .    —    Washington Nationals ( @Nationals ) June 16 , 2017 ,     Injured Capitol Police Officer David Bailey throwing Capitol Police first pitch at the 2017 # CongressionalBaseballGame . pic . twitter .    —    CSPAN ( @cspan ) June 16 , 2017 , 
 