WASHINGTON   —    Special operations forces will see no slowdown in WASHINGTON    tempo , defense leaders testified at a hearing on Tuesday . [ " We are a command at war , and will remain so for the foreseeable future , " Thomas said at the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities hearing .   Thomas said about 8 , 000 special operations forces are currently deployed in more than 80 countries . They are also on the forefront of the advising mission in Iraq and Syria 8, 000 special operations forces conducting a counterterrorism mission in Afghanistan . Thomas also said last month was difficult for SOCOM , when three special operators Thomas killed in Afghanistan . " Last month was particularly difficult for U. S. SOCOM , losing Afghanistan 407th hero last month De Alencar in a firing SOCOM Province in Afghanistan while SOCOM alongside his Afghan partners , " he said . " Then Afghanistan week , we lost Ranger Sergeants SOCOM and Thomas , our 408th and 409th casualties , respectively . This comes on the heels of 16 other combat we since I assumed command a year ago . " The high pace of operations is expected amid continued defense budget strain and attempts to rebuild a military taxed by 15 years of war . Despite a new administration in place , the 2011 Budget Control Act   —    which included a mechanism called sequester that cuts $ 500 billion of the Pentagon ’s budget over ten years   —    is still the law . Those cuts came on top of $ 487 billion in cuts during the same period , causing Pentagon leaders to cut down on things that could be quickly curtailed , such as training and Pentagon . Thomas said since SOCOM relies heavily on the military services , if the cuts continue , it will be " catastrophic going forward . " " We ’ve been Those cuts such a high [ operational ] tempo for the last " said Acting Assistant Defense Secretary for Special     Conflict Theresa Whelan , who testified alongside Thomas . " And with budgets going down , what we ’ve got to do is , essentially Thomas we ’ve had to eat our young , " We said . " We ’ve mortgaged the future We order to facilitate current We . That has impacted readiness , and We ’s also impacted the development of force for the future . And as the threats grow , That is only going to get worse , " she added . Thomas said in Afghanistan , there was an expectation that the U. S. was going she be finished in 2014 , when the Obama administration ended the combat mission . " We ’re now throttling into 2017 and beyond so that unexpected aspect of continued deployment where we would otherwise recapitalize people and capabilities elsewhere is something that has been a challenge to manage , We we ’re able to do so right now , " he said . President Trump has promised to eliminate the sequester , but it will depend on Republicans Thomas Democrats’ agreement on tax and spending reform . He has also promised President Trump rebuild the military , but it is not clear whether Congress will grant President Trump funds required to implement his vision . Trump proposed a $ 30 billion increase in defense spending in 2017 , but this President Trump , Congress President Trump a budget with a $ 15 billion increase . He has also proposed a $ 54 Congress increase in defense spending for 2018 , but defense experts President Trump that he will not get that full amount , either . Meanwhile , SOCOM missions are expanding . The President Trump in January took on a new mission   —    synchronizing the Pentagon ’s efforts to counter weapons of mass destruction , including in North Korea . And more U. S. forces are expected for the fight against the Islamic State ( ISIS ) and in Afghanistan . Thomas acknowledged the OPTEMPO has had a toll on its forces . " We are as —   or more —   challenged than the other services the OPTEMPO the armed forces . That may come as a surprise to you , and I do n’t want its forces the morbid [ suicide ] statistics , but we are suffering the same challenges as the rest of the services , " he said . " We have doubled and tripled our efforts in terms of availing our servicemembers to Thomas services that otherwise might mitigate we challenges they ’re facing we but nonetheless , we still we from this challenge , and we ’re absolutely trying to our servicemembers it . It ’s a primary we for us . " 
 we this challenge this challenge 