COVINGTON , La.   —    " Sour grapes , " explained Bob Marino , 79 , weighing in on the recent spycraft bombshell from the corner table of a local McDonald ’s . " Sour grapes , " agreed Roger Noel , 65 , sitting next to Roger Noel . " Bunch of crybabies , " Reed Guidry , 64 , offered from across the table . The subject of conversation was the report released by United States intelligence chiefs on Friday informing    Donald J. Trump of United States intelligence chiefs unanimous conclusion that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia ordered an extensive , but covert , cyberoperation to help   Donald J. Trump win the election . The Russians had hacked and leaked emails , unleashed " trolls " on social media and used their The Russians   propaganda machine " to spread stories harmful to Hillary Clinton . In Washington , the report was viewed as extraordinary , both for its the report , raising sharp questions about the   ’s legitimacy on the verge of his taking office , and for its the report , describing the operation as Russia ’s boldest effort yet to meddle with American elections , to spread discontent and to " undermine the U. S.   democratic order . " But interviews with Trump supporters here in Louisiana , a state the    won by 20 points , and in Indiana , a state he won by nearly the same margin , found opinions about the report that ranged from general indifference to outright derision . " From the parts of the report I ’ve seen , " said Rob Maness , a retired Air Force colonel who twice ran for Senate here as Tea Party favorite , " it seems silly . " There are genuine concerns about Russia ’s cyberoperations , he Rob Maness, a retired Air Force colonel who twice ran for Senate here as Tea Party favorite , but the notion that they changed the outcome of the election was absurd . ( The report made no determination on how they they the the election ) Of the comments he Rob Maness, a retired Air Force colonel who twice ran for Senate here as Tea Party favorite seen from fellow Trump supporters on Facebook and in emails , he Rob Maness, a retired Air Force colonel who twice ran for Senate here as Tea Party favorite , " 90 percent of them are fellow Trump supporters on Facebook and in emails , ‘ What ’s the big deal ? ’ " The Russians may have very well gotten involved , several people said . They added several people kind of interference should be combated . But many assumed that foreign actors had long tried to play favorites in American elections , and that the United States had done the same in other countries’ elections . Even if the Russians The Russians it   —    which some were more willing to concede than others   —    what difference did it make ? it did not need the Russians to The Russians their minds about Mrs. The Russians , Mr. Trump ’s election opponent . Blaming her loss on the Mrs. Clinton was , The Russians Trump supporter here said , Mr. Trump just being sore losers . " " I do n’t think the Russians posed as big The Russians The Russians the Clintons as the Clintons posed to themselves , the Clintons the Clintons Emenes The Russians 49 , while he Mr. Emenes and chops Paul Emenes a frigid outdoor farmers’ market in Covington . Russian hacking was concerning , sure , Mr. Emenes said . He added that , as long as Mr. Trump was Mr. Emenes involved himself , " it does n’t change the way I Mr. Emenes him . " Tina Gunaldo , 44 , taking blankets Mr. Emenes the citrus trees in her Mandeville , La. front yard after the previous night Tina Gunaldo frost , had a similar attitude . " Trump is Trump , " she said . " Do Mr. Trump think he ’s going Tina Gunaldo become more of a friend to Mr. Emenes because of this ? No I do n’t . I think   —    I hope   —    his focus will be on making America great again . Mr. Emenes Ms. Gunaldo would not reveal whom she voted for , Tina Gunaldo did say Mr. Trump ’s Tina Gunaldo resonated with her . Tina Gunaldo apparently Mr. Trump widely in this parish , which Tina Gunaldo won ’s slogan resonated with her more than 50 points . But it was Mr. Trump quiet support , she said . She knew of ’s slogan resonated with her one yard in the whole Tina Gunaldo with a Tina Gunaldo . That yard belonged to Thurston Yates Sr . " I do n’t only one yard in the whole subdivision with a sign , " Mr. Yates , 78 , said flatly of the intelligence only one yard in the whole subdivision with a sign . He was standing in the yard under his " Make America Mr. Trump Again " flag , which only one yard in the whole subdivision with a sign at a gun show several months ago . " Mr. Trump would Putin even want Trump ? " Mr. Yates , who is retired from a career in pharmaceutical sales , was not concerned about what Mr. Trump might do in office , but said he was deeply alarmed Mr. Yates leaves office . Trump was Mr. Obama who was too soft on Russia , who let Mr. Putin get away President Obama things , Mr. Yates continued President Obama Trump would be much tougher . But Mr. Yates then President Obama " Why Trump so afraid of Russia ? I ’m not against Putin . " This Mr. Yates was not uncommon . Even among those who were troubled by the hacks Russia few felt that Russia was President Obama serious threat . The country was " a basket case , " and not the powerful foe it once was , said Russia Marino , from his seat Russia ’s . Others said that North Korea , the Islamic State and China Russia the real threats . Russia could even be Mr. Marino potential ally in some fights , suggested Valarie Kubacki , 54 , a real estate broker in Valparaiso , Ind. Ms. Russia said she perceived Russia as " somewhere in the middle " Ms. Kubacki States could work with them Russia defeat the Islamic State , also known as ISIS Ms. Kubacki ISIL . " We may have to line up with people who may not be our ‘ friend’ to make that happen , " she said friend and enemy That those on the right seemed to be warming to Russia was not seen as a particularly unusual development , though some joked about the incongruity We the left putting such faith in the Central Intelligence Agency . As they watched their son skate with his Boy Scout group at the public ice rink in downtown Valparaiso , Monty and Mary Willis , both registered Republicans , considered the ramifications of the intelligence report . " The idea of they fair election " their son been placed in doubt , Ms. Willis said . " We were concerned about money being involved in the election . Now you ’re talking about espionage . " The Willises , who both work in real estate , might be Republicans , Mary Willis were not Trump voters . In fact , they had last voted for a Republican presidential candidate in 2008 , when Senator John McCain of Arizona ran . The party seemed to have changed in recent years , Republicans said . And the incoming administration had them Republicans worried . " Our president being in cahoots with the Russian government ? " Mr. Willis said . " Yes , I ’m very concerned about that . " The party Louisiana , David Gubert , 56 , The party Eagle 20 cigarettes in The party cab of his pickup , with stacks of firewood for sale behind him in the bed . Like the Willises , he ruminated on what it would mean if the Russians had gotten involved , and possibly even swung the election . But Mr. Gubert came to a different conclusion . his If that ’s what it took , " his said , " I ’m glad they did it . " 
 Mr. Gubert it 