Tuesday at the White House press briefing , while answering questions about the resignation of Michael Flynn as National Security Adviser , press secretary Sean Spicer said part of the story ignored is leaks by government employees . government employees were " entrusted with national security secrets , " and that he argued undermined he security and was a " real concern " President Donald Trump .   press secretary Sean Spicer said , " Understand that all of this information was leaked . I mean , again , I know we ’ve got this me lecturing to you about what the stories should be , but I think there ’s a real story here . The idea that not just in this administration but the Obama administration going back to the Bush administration . We have an we where classified information , of which this would be , is handled in such a way that it is been given out . I know in some cases it ’s a it story and I understand that , and that ’s to some degree your responsibility to write that . I think there ’s also a story here with the amount of leaks coming out that people are entrusted with national security secrets in classified information are leaking it out . national security secrets in classified information ’s a real concern for this president . " " That when he is talking this president the phone with a world leader , that when he is making this president decisions that are in the interest of protecting this country that we have to wonder whether or not people who work for our government , we are entrusted with classified information in decisional base material are leaking that information out , " he continued . this president That I do believe is a big story that should be reported . I also believe the president is rightly so very , very concerned about this because it ’s not this something that is plaguing the current situation , but it goes back this the Obama administration , the Bush administration , the Clinton administration . When we have government employees that are interested with this and then leak it out , this undermines our national security we . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 