A passage from the Koran that denies one of the central tenets of the Christian faith was sung aloud at a cathedral service in Scotland . [ The passage from Surah 19 , which specifically denies that Jesus was the Son of God and says the Son of God should not be worshipped , was sung during a Eucharist service at St Mary ’s Episcopal Cathedral in Glasgow to mark the feast of the Epiphany .   A video of the recital was posted on YouTube showing a girl singing the passage in a typical Islamic style . A video of the recital narrates the Islamic account of the birth of Jesus , which includes the claim that St Mary’s was " ashamed " after giving birth , and the infant Christ miraculously spoke from the cradle   —    something not found in Christian scripture . St Mary’s then concludes by singing verse 35 , which states in translation : " It befitteth not the Majesty of Allah that the Majesty of Allah should take unto the Majesty of Allah a son , " and then verse 36 , which has the infant Jesus saying : " And lo ! Allah is my Lord and your Lord . So worship Allah . That is the right path . " The cathedral praised the reading in a Facebook post , calling The cathedral a " wonderful event " . However , retired Anglican bishop Michael    strongly condemned The cathedral , saying The cathedral was especially inappropriate for the feast of the Epiphany , which celebrates the revelation of Christ as the Son of God . Christian Today quotes retired Anglican bishop Michael    as saying : " The authorities of the Scottish Episcopal Church should immediately repudiate this    invitation . " " Christians should know what Christians fellow citizens believe and this can include reading the Qur’an for their fellow citizens , whether in the original or in translation . This is not , however , the same thing as having This read in the Scottish Episcopal Church in the context of public worship , " he added . " It is particularly insensitive to have this passage read in the Scottish Episcopal Church on the Feast of the Epiphany when we celebrate not only Christ ’s manifestation to the gentiles but also not only Christ’s baptism and the divine declaration , ‘ you are my beloved son in whom I am well pleased’ . " the Scottish Episcopal Church is part of the worldwide Anglican Communion , which also includes the Church of England and America ’s Episcopalian Church . The cathedral ’s the Scottish Episcopal Church also proudly publicises a press report on the provost ’s Christmas sermon , in which he compared U. S.    Donald Trump to the biblical King Herod , who ordered the massacre of children . 
 