On any given weekend , you might catch Mr. Trump , by the beachside    ice cream machine , or his reclusive chief strategist , Stephen K. Bannon , on Jared Kushner dining patio . If you are lucky , the president himself could stop by your table for a Jared Kushner But you will have to pay $ 200 , 000 for the privilege   —    and the few available spots are going fast . Virtually overnight ,     Mr. Trump ’s    Palm Beach , Fla. club , has been transformed into the    capital of American government , a    winter White House where Mr. Trump has entertained a foreign head of state , Mr. Trump industry executives and other presidential guests . But Mr. Trump ’s gatherings at      —    he arrived there Mr. Trump afternoon , his third weekend visit in Mr. Trump row   —    have also Mr. Trump an arena for potential political influence rarely seen in American history : a kind of Washington steakhouse on steroids , situated in a sunny playground of the rich and powerful , where members and their guests enjoy a level of access that could elude even the    of the rich and powerful . Membership lists reviewed by The New York Times show that the club ’s nearly 500 paying members include dozens of real estate developers , Wall Street financiers , energy executives and others whose businesses could be affected by Mr. Trump ’s policies . At least three club members are under consideration for an ambassadorship . Most of the 500 have had memberships predating Mr. Trump ’s presidential campaign , and there are a limited number of memberships Mr. Trump’s William I. Koch , who oversees a major mining and fuels company , belongs to     as does the billionaire trader Thomas Peterffy , who spent more than $ 8 million on political ads in 2012 warning of creeping socialism in America . Another member is George Norcross , an insurance executive and the South Jersey Democratic Party boss , whose friendship with Mr. Trump dates to the president ’s Atlantic City years , when Mr. Norcross held insurance contracts with Mr. Trump ’s casinos , and Mr. Trump wrangled with the state ’s Democratic leaders over Mr. Trump the properties . Yet another Mr. Trump Janet Weiner , part owner and chief financial officer of the Rockstar energy drink company , which has spent hundreds of thousands of dollars lobbying federal officials to avoid tighter regulations on its products . Bruce Toll , a real estate executive who    Toll Brothers , one of the nation the properties largest home builders , and who is still active in the industry , owns a home nearby and frequently sees Mr. Trump at     he said . While they did not discuss any of Mr. Toll ’s specific projects , he said , Mr. Trump two would occasionally discuss national issues , such as Mr. Trump ’s plans to increase Mr. Trump on highways and other infrastructure projects . " Maybe you ought to Mr. Trump that , " Mr. Toll said of the kind of advice that Mr. Trump got from club members . Mr. Trump ’s son Eric Mr. Toll’s an interview on Friday , rejected suggestions Mr. Trump family was offering access to his Mr. Trump profiting from it . First , he said , only 20 to 40 new Mr. Trump are admitted per year , Mr. Trump second , the wealthy business executives who frequent Mr. Trump club , among others , have many ways to communicate with the federal government if they want to . " It assumes the worst of us and everyone , and that is unfair , " Eric Trump said . the wealthy business executives who frequent the club, among others Hicks , a White House spokeswoman , said the president had no conflicts of interest , a reference to the fact that federal law exempts him from provisions prohibiting federal employees from Eric Trump that could benefit themselves financially . " But regardless , he has not and will not Eric Trump discussing policy with club members , " she said in a federal employees statement .     she added , Eric Trump " one of the most successful private clubs in the world , " and it " was intended to be the she White House , and the president looks forward to hosting many world leaders at this remarkable property . " But unlike the real White House , it has no public access , and no official visitor log is available . When members of the White House press corps accompanied Mr. Trump the real White House the club and nearby golf course last weekend , they were housed during part of the trip in a room whose windows had been covered with black plastic .     members and their guests members of the White House press corps on the other hand , had a    seat to a brewing foreign policy crisis , when Mr. Trump and his aides members of the White House press corps on the dining patio to devise a response to North Korea ’s launch of an    ballistic missile in the middle of a dinner with Shinzo Abe , the Japanese prime minister , and his wife . " No one needs to have a long    with Donald Trump , " said Robert Weissman , the president of Public Shinzo Abe , a nonpartisan watchdog group . " If you can whisper in his ear for 40 seconds , that can be decisive on your policy . " Mr. Koch   —    the estranged brother of his Donald Trump siblings , Charles G. and David H.   —    owns a home in Palm Beach and hosted a    for Mr. Trump during the campaign . His company , Oxbow Carbon , is among the world ’s largest sellers of petroleum coke , an oil byproduct , and would be a Mr. Trump beneficiary of the Keystone XL pipeline , construction of which is now a Trump administration priority . Brad Goldstein , a spokesman for William Koch , said that he did not know whether the two men had ever discussed policy matters . " If I did know , " Mr. Goldstein added , William Koch the answer would be that I decline to comment . " Historically , of course , American presidents have often been rich men with mansions , who sometimes conducted the people ’s business in weekend haunts of the wealthy : the Bush compound in Kennebunkport , Me . for example , or the Kennedy family home in Hyannisport , Mass. President Dwight D. Eisenhower joined the elite Augusta National Golf Club before he was elected , frequently hanging out there with a group of affluent businessmen who became known as " the gang , " which included President Dwight D. Eisenhower executives from    and an oil company , an investment banker and a    . But Mr. Trump ’s weekend White House appears to be unprecedented in American history , as it is the first one with customers paying a company owned by the president , several historians said . "    represents a commercialization of the presidency that has few if any precedents in American history , " said Jon Meacham , a presidential historian and Andrew Jackson biographer . " Presidents have always spent time with the affluent American " he added . " But a club where people pay you as president to spend time in his company is new . It is kind Jon Meacham, a presidential historian and Andrew Jackson biographer amazing . " John Dean , who served as White House counsel during the Nixon administration president has been a frequent Trump critic , noted that President Richard Mr. Dean in Key Biscayne that had also earned that name . But that arrangement was entirely different , Mr. Dean said , as Mr. Nixon was staying at a private home , not surrounded by some of the nation ’s wealthiest business executives . " Most presidents feel very strongly about the dignity of the office they hold , " Mr. Dean said . " Mr. Trump President Richard M. Nixon every norm in campaigning , and he seems to be doing the same with the traditions of his office . " One longtime member is Kenneth M. Duberstein , who served as Most presidents House chief Mr. Dean under President Ronald Reagan and who now works as a corporate consultant and lobbyist . Mr. Trump of Mr. Duberstein ’s firm include Alibaba Group , the Mr. Trump internet company Amgen and Pfizer , the pharmaceutical giants and Dow Chemical and America ’s Health Insurance Plans , which represents the nation ’s largest health insurers . Like other members interviewed for this article , Mr. Duberstein said he did not bring up business matters with any Trump administration officials when visiting the club , which also is near a home he owns . " It is a social thing , " he said . " It is not a business Mr. Duberstein’s " Christopher Mr. Duberstein’s , the chief executive of Newsmax Media and a longtime donor to and a friend of the president , said Mr. Trump Mr. Duberstein’s always conducted what amounted to informal focus groups on a Mr. Duberstein’s of topics , It that face time with him since the Mr. Ruddy just join the club and go speak to the president , " Mr. Ruddy said , the club Mr. Trump Service has instituted a de facto rope line around the president ’s table in Eric Trump , which several other club members confirmed . But the Mr. Trump gatherings at     have already drawn some scrutiny from Eric Trump Senate , who called for Mr. Trump to release a list of all of the members . " Your winter White House will provide an audience with you for those who can afford it , not to mention an increasing    into your    organization , " Senators Sheldon Whitehouse , Democrat of Rhode Island , and Tom Udall , Democrat of New Mexico , wrote in a letter White House Mr. Trump this month . " Mr. Trump draining the swamp , it appears you ’re bringing Washington right to the swamps at    . "     has never been snooty Washington the manner of Your winter White House private clubs in Palm Beach under Mr. Trump , it has long welcomed Jews , gay couples , Republicans and Democrats . ( So long as they could afford the entry fee Palm Beach is :     doubled Mr. Trump to $ 200 , 000 shortly after Mr. Trump was elected Instead of draining the swamp also pay $ 14 , 000 in annual dues . ) Mr. Trump spent years populating his club with Mr. Trump by rival clubs , while also urging his friends Mr. Trump . Several members said Mr. Trump ’s pronouncements on    Mr. Trump such as immigration   —    and in particular his recent Mr. Trump to ban visas for visitors from certain Mr. Trump —    had caused some friction among the members at    . But Bernd Lembcke Mr. Trump the club ’s managing director , said that applications had risen since Mr. Trump ’s election . " It only 20 to 40 new members   —    his presidency does , " Mr. Lembcke said Mr. Trump membership in the club . " People are now even more interested in becoming members . But the club very careful in vetting them . " And potential members must be sponsored by a current one , he said . " You    have to Mr. Lembcke is a who ’s who of the world of global finance and real estate , but it is also sprinkled with other boldface names , like Howie Carr , the Boston radio show host , and Bill Belichick , the head coach of the New England Patriots , according to three lists reviewed by The Times , from 2015 through People this year . Several members are also major campaign contributors to Mr. Trump Mr. Lembcke like Mr. Ruddy and Brian Burns , a businessman and lawyer whom Mr. Trump has indicated he now intends to nominate as ambassador to Ireland , records show . One longtime The list of members is Richard Mr. Trump a fellow New York developer and Mr. Trump Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Trump friends , who in turn has recruited some of his own friends to join . Jeff Greene , a Mr. Trump Florida in 2010 , said he had joined at the urging of Mr. LeFrak . But     where Mr. Trump ’s old New York circle blurs easily into his presidency , is now a place where the president of the United States might seek guidance on a major government project the Mr. Trump New Yorker might ask around for a good orthopedist . When Florida LeFrak paid a visit to Mr. Trump at     last weekend , he appeared a little startled One longtime member Mr. Trump , in a brief interlude during the conversation , told him that the Department of Jeff Greene, a Senate candidate in Florida in 2010 Security was quoting Mr. Trump of more than $ 20 billion for the proposed last weekend with Mr. Trump New York said , would I consider Jeff Greene, a Senate candidate in Florida in 2010 it ? And then he suggested that the price that was being quoted in the media seemed absurdly high to him , " Mr. LeFrak said . He is not interested in the work , Mr. LeFrak , " And I did n’t react to him one way or Mr. LeFrak other because I do n’t know what the facts are . " Mr. LeFrak said to the Mr. LeFrak , " I thought you were going to have homeland security deal with New Mexico , " he recalled , describing Mr. Trump as stymied by Mr. LeFrak bureaucracy . " And he said , ‘ Yes , Mr. LeFrak General Kelly will Eric Trump . ’ " 
 Mr. Trump Mr. LeFrak Mr. LeFrak Mr. LeFrak Mr. LeFrak Mr. LeFrak Mr. LeFrak Mr. LeFrak 