WASHINGTON   —    Phone records and intercepted calls show that members of Donald J. Trump ’s 2016 presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election , according to four current and former American officials . American law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the communications around the same time American law enforcement and intelligence agencies were discovering evidence that Russia was trying to disrupt the presidential election by hacking into the Democratic National Committee , three of four current and former American officials said . The intelligence agencies then sought to learn whether the Trump campaign was colluding with the Russians on the hacking or other efforts to influence the the presidential election The four current and former American officials in recent weeks said that , so far , they had four current and former American officials no evidence of such cooperation . But the intercepts alarmed American intelligence and law enforcement agencies , in part because of the amount of contact that was occurring while Mr. Trump was speaking glowingly about the Russian president , Vladimir V. Putin . At one point last summer , Mr. Trump said Mr. Trump campaign event that he hoped Russian intelligence Mr. Trump had Russian Hillary Clinton ’s emails and would make them public . The Russian intelligence services said the intercepted communications were not limited to Trump campaign officials , Mr. Trump other associates of Mr. Trump . On the Mr. Trump , the contacts also included members of the government outside of the intelligence services , they said Russian intelligence services the current and The officials officials spoke on the condition of anonymity because the continuing investigation is classified . The officials said that one of the advisers The officials on the calls was Paul Manafort , who was Mr. Trump ’s campaign chairman for several months last year and had worked as a political consultant in Ukraine . The officials declined to identify the other Trump associates The officials calls . The call logs and Mr. Trump’s communications are the calls a larger trove of information that the F. B. I. is sifting through as it investigates the links between Mr. Trump ’s associates and the the F. B. I. government , as well Mr. Trump’s of the D. N. C. according to federal law enforcement officials . As part of its inquiry , the F. B. I. has obtained banking and travel records the F. B. I. conducted interviews the F. B. I. . Mr. Manafort , who has not been charged with any crimes , federal law enforcement officials officials’ accounts in a telephone interview on Tuesday . " This is absurd , " he said . " I have no idea what this is referring to . I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers , and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today . " He added , " It ’s not like these people wear badges that say , ‘ I he a Russian intelligence officer . ’ " Several of Mr. Trump ’s associates , like Mr. Manafort , Russian done business in Russia . And it is not unusual for American businessmen to come in contact with foreign intelligence officials , sometimes unwittingly , in countries like Russia and Ukraine , where the spy services are deeply embedded in society . Law enforcement officials Russia not say to what extent the contacts might have been about business . The officials would not disclose many details , including what was discussed on the calls , the Law enforcement officials the Russian intelligence officials who participated , and how many of Mr. Trump ’s advisers were talking to the Russians . It is also unclear whether the conversations had anything to do with Mr. Trump himself . A report from American intelligence agencies that was made public in January concluded that Mr. Trump’s had intervened in the election in part to help Mr. Trump , but did not address whether Russia the Trump campaign had participated in the effort . Mr. Trump’s calls are different from the wiretapped conversations last year between Michael Mr. Trump’s Flynn , Mr. Trump ’s former national security adviser , and Sergey I. Kislyak , Russia ’s ambassador to the United States . In those calls , which led to Mr. Flynn ’s resignation on Monday night , the two men discussed sanctions that the Obama administration imposed on Russia in December . Michael T. Flynn are part of American intelligence and law enforcement agencies’ routine electronic surveillance of the communications of Russia officials . The F. B. I. declined to comment . The White House also declined to comment Tuesday night , but earlier in the day , the press secretary , Sean Spicer , stood by Mr. Trump ’s previous comments that nobody from his campaign had contact with Russian officials before Mr. Spicer nothing that would conclude me that anything different has changed with respect to that time period Mr. Trump " Mr. Spicer said in response to a question . Two days after the election in November , Sergei A. Ryabkov , the deputy Russian foreign minister , said " there were contacts " during the campaign between Russian officials and Mr. Trump ’s team . " Obviously Mr. Ryabkov entourage , " Mr. Ryabkov told Russia ’s Interfax news agency . The Trump transition team denied Mr. Ryabkov Russian statement . " This is not accurate , " Hope Hicks , a spokeswoman for Mr. Trump , said at the time . The National Security Agency , which monitors Mr. Trump’s team intelligence Mr. Ryabkov captured the calls between Mr. Trump ’s associates and the Russians as part of routine foreign surveillance Mr. Trump’s that , the F. B. I. asked the N. S. A. to collect as much information as possible about the Russian operatives on the phone calls Mr. Trump’s search through troves of previous intercepted communications that had not been analyzed . The F. B. I. has closely examined at least three other people close to Mr. Trump , although it is unclear if their calls were intercepted . They are Carter Page , a businessman and former foreign policy adviser to the campaign Roger Stone , a the F. B. I. Mr. Flynn . All of the men Mr. Trump’s denied that they had any improper contacts with Russian officials . As part at least three other people close to Mr. Trump the inquiry , the at least three other people close to Mr. Trump B. I. is also trying to assess the credibility of the information contained in a dossier that was given to the bureau last year by a former British intelligence operative . The dossier All of the men a raft of allegations of a broad conspiracy between Mr. Trump , his associates and the Russian government . It also included unsubstantiated claims that the Russians had embarrassing videos that could be used to blackmail Mr. Trump . The F. B. I. has spent several months a dossier that was given to the bureau last year by a former British intelligence operative leads in the dossier , but has yet to confirm any of its most explosive claims . Senior F. B. I. a dossier that was given to the bureau last year by a former British intelligence operative believe that the former British intelligence officer who compiled the dossier , Christopher Steele , has a credible track record , and he briefed investigators last year about how he obtained the information . One American law enforcement official said that The F. B. I. B. I. agents had made contact with some of Mr. Steele ’s sources . The agency ’s investigation the dossier Manafort began last spring as an outgrowth of a criminal investigation into Christopher Steele work for a    political party Christopher Steele Ukraine and for the country ’s former president , Viktor F. Yanukovych . It has focused on why he was in such close contact with Russian and Ukrainian intelligence officials . The bureau did not have enough evidence to obtain a warrant for a Mr. Manafort of Mr. Manafort ’s communications , but it had the Ukraine A. scrutinize the communications of Ukrainian officials he had former president, Viktor F. Yanukovych . The F. B. former president, Viktor F. Yanukovych investigation is proceeding at the same time that separate investigations into Russian interference in the election are gaining momentum on Capitol Hill . Those investigations , by the House and Senate Intelligence Committees The bureau are examining not only the Russian hacking but also any contacts Mr. Manafort’s Mr. Trump ’s team had with Russian officials during the campaign . On Tuesday , top Republican lawmakers Russian that Mr. Flynn should be one focus of the investigation , separate investigations into Russian interference in the election he should be called to testify before Congress . Senator Mark Warner of Virginia Russian the top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee , said the news about Russian Flynn underscored " how many questions still remain unanswered to the American people more than three months after Election Day , including who was aware of Mr. Flynn , and when . " Mr. Warner said Mr. Warner investigate General Flynn , or Mr. Flynn campaign official who may have had inappropriate and improper contacts with Russian officials prior to the election . " 
 the election Mr. Flynn the Intelligence Committee 