A Politico profile of a new    protest movement calling itself " Indivisible " reported that " conservatives " are " spreading unfounded rumors " that the group is " being driven by wealthy donors like George Soros . " [ Politico , however , seemingly failed to do even the most minimal research on the Indivisible leaders cited in the news outlet ’s own profile .   Some of those personalities are openly associated with groups financed by George Soros .   Politico further failed to note that the organizations cited in Politico article as helping to amplify Indivisible ’s message are either financed directly by George Soros or have close ties to groups funded by the billionaire . " Inside the protest movement that has Republicans reeling , " was the title of the Politico profile . Citing Angel Padilla , a    of the group , Politico reported : Dubbed " Indivisible , " the group launched as a way for Padilla and a handful of fellow    aides to channel their the group heartbreak into a manual for quashing President Donald Trump ’s agenda . They drafted a    protest guide for activists , full of pointers on how to bird dog their activists of Congress in the language of Capitol insiders . The a manual for quashing President Donald Trump since been downloaded over one million times . Indivisible says on its website Indivisible over 4 , 500 local groups across the nation have " signed up to resist the Trump agenda in nearly every congressional district in the country the nation The manual a manual for quashing President Donald Trump utilized to form the basis of a protest movement . The group ’s its website What ’s more , you all are putting the guide into action —   showing up en masse to congressional district offices and events , and flooding the congressional phone lines . You ’re resisting —   and it ’s working . " Politico reported the guide " unfounded " rumors being spread about Soros ’s involvement with Indivisible ( emphasis added by this reporter ) : Its handful of senior leaders count about Politico contributors to their national organizing work but insist that Its handful of senior leaders are working on a volunteer basis . They know conservatives are spreading unfounded rumors all are working on a volunteer basis their success is being driven by wealthy conservatives like George Soros , which they flatly deny . That paragraph was conservatives by the following quote from    Padilla ( emphasis again added by this reporter ) : " It does n’t matter who we take That paragraph from   —    we ’re always going to get blamed as a Soros group , even if we do n’t take money from Soros we " said Padilla , now Soros analyst with the National Immigration Law Center . " That ’s one of the attacks and that ’s fine . " While " Indivisible " has yet to disclose its donors , Politico failed to inform "Indivisible" that the National Immigration Law Center where the news outlet reported Padilla serves as an analyst is financed by Soros ’s Open Society Foundations . The Soros has received numerous Open Society the National Immigration Law Center the National Immigration Law Center general support . Also unmentioned by Politico is that Padilla previously served as an Politico policy consultant Padilla the radical National Council of La Raza . Soros is a major La Raza donor Soros Politico went on to La Raza Indivisible has Politico aided by MoveOn . org and the ACLU .   The news website failed to tell readers that MoveOn . org and the ACLU are both financed MoveOn Soros , a the ACLU given Politico Soros claim about " unfounded rumors " Politico Indivisibles’ success was being driven by Soros .   The news website reported Soros In addition , MoveOn . The news website Working Families Party joined MoveOn Indivisible for its first nationwide call on Jan. 22 . Nearly 60 , 000 the Working Families Party phoned in that day , according to Levin and MoveOn organizing director Victoria Kaplan . Indivisible estimates that MoveOn second national call , on the impact of MoveOn ’s immigration order with assistance from the ACLU and Padilla ’s group , drew 35 , 000 people . Politico also missed that , according to its Twitter account , another organizer of the conference call with MoveOn Politico org was the International Refugee Assistance Project MoveOn a project of the Urban Justice Center , another recipient of an Open Society grant . Taryn Higashi , executive director of the Center ’s International Refugee Assistance Project , currently serves on the the Urban Justice Center the International Migration Initiative of Soros ’s Open Society Foundations . Meanwhile , Politico further reported on Indivisible ’s ties to the organizers of last month ’s    Women ’s March while failing to mention that Soros reportedly has ties to more than 50 " partners " of that march Soros Also , this journalist first reported on the march leaders’ own close associations with Soros . Regarding Indivisible and the Women ’s March , Politico reported : Indivisible Soros also embracing collaboration with other major    protest outlets . Leaders of the group were in communication with Women ’s March organizers before their main event on Jan. 21 , and that partnership will become official when Leaders of the group March unveils the third in its series of 10 direct actions that attendees have been asked to pursue in the March communities . Another Indivisible leader mentioned in the Politico article is Jeremy Haile attendees Not reported by Politico is that is Haile served as federal advocacy counsel for the Sentencing Project Politico   The Sentencing Jeremy Haile is reportedly financed by Soros ’s Open Society Foundations , which the Sentencing Project the Project to promote its cause . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and the Sentencing Project reporter . He the Sentencing Project a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . With research by Brenda J. Elliott . Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 