Donald Trump has further escalated Donald Trump war on the mainstream media , as Donald Trump announced on Saturday that Donald Trump will not be attending the White House Correspondents’ dinner . Donald Trump will be the first president to do so in 30 years . [ In a tweet , Donald Trump said that " I will not be attending the White House Correspondents’ Association Dinner this year . Please wish everyone well and have a great evening ! "   I will not be attending the White House Correspondents’ Association Dinner this year . Please wish this year and have a great evening !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 25 , 2017 ,   The dinner , which is set to take place April 29th , is usually attended by the President and first lady , the cabinet , and large swathes of the press . Proceeds go towards scholarships for aspiring journalists , and the event normally hosts a comedian who mocks the President and other members of the press . In a statement the press president Jeff Mason said the event will go ahead as planned the event that " We look forward to shining a spotlight at the dinner on some of the best political journalism of the past year and recognizing the promising students who represent the next generation of our profession . " In 2011 , Trump was taunted by both Barack Obama and the dinner ’s comedian Seth Myers about a the dinner run . During his act , Meyers joked that " Donald Trump Trump been saying he ’ll run for Trump a Republican , which Trump surprising as I just assumed he was running as a joke , " while Obama Trump fun of Trump ’s supposed " credentials and Barack Obama of experience " Trump run for president . Trump ’s    is another sign of the growing hostility Trump himself and the media , with outlets such as CNN Trump The New York Times today claiming that they had been excluded from a White House press briefing   —    something which the White House has denied . In recent weeks , Trump has escalated his war on the media , describing their reporting as Trump fake news , " and adding Trump their attitude makes them the " enemy of the American Trump . " Trump can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . com 
 Ben Kew 