The Fresno Bee reprinted a column by the New York Times ‘ Nicholas Kristof belittling fears of radical Islamic terror   —    almost exactly two months before Tuesday ’s deadly shooting attack in the city by a man shouting " Allahu Akbar . "   In a column published Feb. 17 , under the headline , " Husbands are deadlier than jihadi terrorists , " Nicholas Kristof wrote : It ’s true that American Muslims   —    both born in the United States and immigrants from countries other than those subject to Trump ’s restrictions   —    have carried out deadly terrorism in America . There have been 123 such murders since the    attacks   —    and 230 , 000 other murders . Last year Americans were less likely to be killed by Muslim terrorists than for being Muslim , according to Charles Kurzman of the University of North Carolina . The former is a risk of approximately one in 6 million the latter , one in 1 million . The bottom line is that most years in the United States , ladders kill far more Americans than Muslim terrorists do . Same with bathtubs . Ditto for stairs . And lightning . Above all , fear spouses : Husbands are incomparably more deadly in America than jihadi terrorists . Kristof also attacked Trump aide Sebastian Gorka , a former Breitbart News editor , for being focused on the threat of Islamic terror . The main thrust of Kristof criticism was of Trump Trump of " extreme vetting " of refugees from several    countries in the Muslim world . Instead of terrorism , what Americans ought to fear , Kristof Kristof , is the proliferation of legal firearms in the country , which he Kristof had killed well over one million Americans from 1975 to 2015 , while    terrorists in the countries several   countries in the Muslim world had killed none on American goal . ( Kristof Kristof not count attempted , but thwarted , attacks . ) Three were killed in Tuesday ’s attack . The suspect is     Kori Ali Muhammad , who was already wanted in connection with an earlier shooting . He allegedly targeted The suspect people in particular for murder .  
 