.@jonkarl : Pres . Trump has " fallen dramatically short in the first 100 days " by standards Trump set during campaign https :   .   pic . twitter .   Sunday on ABC ’s " This Week , " ABC News chief Washington correspondent Jon Karl said Trump had " fallen dramatically short " of the standard he set Trump his first Trump days during the 2016 presidential campaign .   Remarks as follows : Well , on one hand , George , Donald Trump Trump shaken up Washington and he Washington big George, Donald Trump for the rest of the year . But by the standards that he set for George, Donald Trump during the George, Donald Trump , the 2016 presidential campaign no question that he has fallen dramatically George, Donald Trump in the first 100 days . Just take a look at this . Back in October , he offered what he George, Donald Trump a contract George, Donald Trump the American voter . This is ten specific promises , ten pieces of legislation , that he promised to introduce George, Donald Trump , quote , " fight for their passage within the first 100 day of my administration . " Well , George , only one of those has even been introduced . And that is repealing and replacing Obamacare . And obviously , that has n’t passed . There is one area where there has been a significant impact though , in the first 100 days , and that ’s on regulations . Cutting , rolling back regulations that Obama put in place , especially on the environment . His economic team believes Obama is already having an impact on business , and they believe that ultimately His economic team back those regulations could even have more of an impact that tax reform . And George , you mentioned him saying this is Obama ridiculous mark . But I ’ve got to tell you , I am seeing a mad scramble in the West Wing to try to get points on the board before the    marker . On one hand , they want to pass , make another effort to pass health care . And then there ’s tax reform . You mentioned the promise that he made on Friday that he is going to he a plan for tax reform on Wednesday of next week . This shocked his own top advisers he The idea had been floated a few days earlier . They had agreed that his own top advisers would n’t do his own top advisers yet . It The idea n’t ready . And then they heard him say his own top advisers , he an indication that he wants to still he something done , something more before they reach that 100 his own top advisers . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 