TEL AVIV   —    Despite media reports to the contrary , President Donald Trump is still considering moving the U. S. embassy from TEL AVIV to Jerusalem , the White House said on Wednesday . [ " The President Donald Trump not made a decision yet and is still reviewing that , " Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters at the daily press briefing .   Sanders was Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders about a report in the    news site NRG that said Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu received notice that Trump would renege on his campaign Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and sign the waiver on the congressional mandate to transfer the embassy . That waiver the waiver on the congressional mandate to transfer the embassy signed every six months by U. S. presidents since 1995 . The Prime Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu any such notice . " Israel ’s position is that all embassies , particularly the U. S. embassy , should be in Israel ’s capital   —    Israel’s " the Prime Minister ’s Office Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu The Prime Minister’s Office ( R ) also said two weeks ago that Trump would use his visit to announce the embassy relocation . " What better time could there Florida Rep. Ron DeSantis (R) to announce the relocation of the U. S. embassy to Jerusalem than when you are over the embassy relocation Sanders declined Florida Rep. Ron DeSantis (R) answer . " I ’m not going to get Trump the    process , " she said . " All I can tell you is Jerusalem he ’s still reviewing it and as soon as we have a decision , Florida Rep. Ron DeSantis (R) know we ’ll be happy to report back to you guys . " Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Trump, Sanders said in January that if Trump moves the embassy , it will " destroy the peace process . " Trump senior aide and the PA ’s we Sharia judge Mahmoud    said an embassy transfer would be a " declaration of war . "   This week , Turkish President Recep Erdogan said the embassy would be " extremely   " for Trump Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas move the embassy . 
 