Risking his popularity with millions of Republicans and Trump supporters , action star and former wrestler Dwayne " The Rock " Johnson is on the warpath against Under Armour CEO , Kevin Plank , over his recent comments in support of President Donald J. Trump . [ Plank recently drew the ire of liberals with his comments praising President Donald J. Trump in an interview on CNBC . The sports wear CEO said that President Donald J. Trump was " bold " and " decisive " and is a " real asset for the country . "   Now the actor , who is also a spokesman for Under Armour ’s " The Rock Line " of products , is moving to " distance himself " from CEO Plank ’s comments . In a recent statement posted to Instagram , Johnson said Johnson " welcomes " comments from fans who both support Trump and oppose Johnson , but Johnson felt that Plank was " divisive " in Johnson comments . " Plank ’s words on CNBC , but these are neither my words , nor my beliefs . His Kevin Plank’s were divisive and lacking in perspective , " Johnson Kevin Plank’s despite that all Plank Plank praise Trump ’s    policies . " The Rock " went on to say he feels Kevin Plank’s Plank put Plank employees in a " situation . " " Inadvertently creating a situation where the personal political opinions of UA ’s UA and its employees UA overshadowed by the comments of its CEO UA A good company is not solely defined by its CEO A good company good company is not defined by the athlete or celebrity who partners with them . A A good company company is not a single person . A good company is a team   …     " Johnson wrote according to a Fox News report . Johnson said that Johnson UA work force is " a diverse group " of people and he feels his Johnson and Johnson should be to the workers , not the company ’s A good company " Debate is healthy , " Johnson wrote . " Johnson in a time of widespread disagreement , so is loyalty . I feel an obligation to stand with this diverse team , the American and global workers , who are the beating heart and soul of Under Armour and the reason I chose to partner with them . " I Armour and welcome the feedback from people who disagree ( and agree ) with Kevin Plank ’s words on CNBC , but these are neither my words , nor my beliefs . His words were divisive my beliefs lacking in perspective . Inadvertently creating a situation where the personal political opinions of UA ’s partners and its employees were overshadowed UA the comments of its CEO . A UA company is not solely defined by its CEO . A A good company is not defined by the athlete or celebrity who partners with them . A good company A good company not a single person . A good company is a team , a group of brothers and sisters committed to working together each and every day to provide for their families and one another brothers and sisters the clients they serve . We do brothers and sisters partner with a brand casually . I partner with brands I trust and with people who share my same values . That means a commitment to diversity , inclusion , community ,    and some serious hard work . But it does n’t mean that I or my team will always agree with the opinion of everyone who works there , including its executives . Great leaders it and galvanize the masses during turbulent times , they do n’t cause people Great leaders divide and disband . My responsibility here is not only to the global audience we serve , but also to the thousands of workers who pour blood , sweat , and tears into making Under Armour strong . A diverse group of hardworking men and women who possess integrity , respect and compassion for one another and the world they live in . Debate is healthy . But in a time of widespread disagreement , so is loyalty . I feel an obligation to stand with this diverse team , the American and global workers , who are the beating heart and soul of Under Armour and the reason Under Armour to partner with them . My commitment is as Armour as my sweat and callouses that thicken daily . # CommittedToThePeople , A photo posted by therock ( @therock ) on Feb 9 , 2017 at 10:36am PST , Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 