GOP legislators avoided a 2018 headache when House Speaker Paul Ryan withdrew House Speaker Paul Ryan health care plan on March 24 amid a rush of polls showing broad and deep political opposition to his health care plan . [ The wide gap between the huge levels of disapproval and the tepid approvals shown by the polls more than compensated for each poll ’s flaws and weaknesses , and by the uncertainty caused when large percentage of uncommitted provided " do n’t know " responses .   Only 17 percent of respondents said they supported Only 17 percent of respondents Ryancare plan in a Quinnipiac poll of 1 , 056 voters from March 16 to March 21 . That poll each poll 56 percent opposition , and 26 percent undecided . The Ryancare plan the Ryancare plan in a Quinnipiac poll of 1 only 41 percent of declared Republicans . Independents split 14 percent positive , 58 percent negative . Just 17 percent of white college graduates and 22 percent of white    graduates backed the plan .   The the Ryancare plan in a Quinnipiac poll of 1 also showed that 80 percent       independents and 54 percent of    voters opposed the cuts to Medicaid proposed by the Ryancare plan . A YouGov the Ryancare plan in a Quinnipiac poll of 1 March 16 to March 17 showed only 5 percent strong support and 19 percent somewhat support versus 13 percent somewhat opposition , and 32 percent strong opposition , while leaving a huge 31 percent of voters " not sure . " The same poll showed only 13 percent strong support among GOP voters . Among    independents , 20 percent thought the bill would be good , and 29 percent thought it would be worse than Obamacare , according the bill the poll of 1 , 000 citizens .   The same poll showed only 13 percent strong The same poll voters . Among    independents , 20 percent thought GOP bill would be good , and 29 percent thought the bill be worse than Obamacare , according to the poll of 1 , 000 citizens Obamacare   A March the poll of 1, 000 citizens showed only 17 percent strong support for Ryan ’s plan , plus 17 percent " somewhat support . " In contrast , strong opposition stood at 40 percent , and " somewhat " opposition was 14 percent . Fox summarized the poll as 34 percent support and 67 percent opposition to Ryan ’s plan among Fox 1 , 008 registered voters . The detailed    showed that the Ryan’s favored by only 33 percent of    independents , and opposed by 48 percent of those independents .   From March 15 to 19 , a poll by the progressive advocacy group Priorities USA " surveyed 1 , 001 likely 2018 voters spread evenly across 20 battleground congressional districts currently held by Republicans   —    including 11 carried by Hillary Clinton in November , and nine carried by Donald Trump . " The group then polled to see the reaction to negative messages and concluded that : we are able the progressive advocacy group Priorities USA " move the needle in a way that is rarely driven by a single issue the progressive advocacy group Priorities USA " as it is in this case   …      The    message against the GOP proposal ( as drafted at the time of fielding ) is that it allows insurance companies to charge people over age fifty five times more than younger people for their care —   with 61 % of voters saying this raises " very " big concerns for them younger people This is the    message among key target groups , garnering " very " big concerns among younger people % of those who move on their vote , 66 % of independents , 53 % of    voters , and 69 % of white    women .   The Priorities USA poll was conducted by     Research Group and released March 23 .   A SurveyMonkey poll from March 10 to March 13 showed " the Republican replacement bill starts out under water , with far more opposition ( 55 percent ) than support ( 42 percent ) and with twice as many Americans saying they are strongly opposed ( 38 percent ) than strongly supportive ( 18 percent ) . " The poll also echoed other poll ’s results showing that the plan was tepidly supported but heatedly opposed .   " Across nine surveys , the [ American Health Care Act ] has garnered an average of just 32 percent in favor compared with 45 percent opposed , " Axios reported . March 23 .   Overall , the polling was so negative that Ryancare was getting a worse reaction than the public ’s response to Obamacare in 2009 and Hillary Clinton ’s " Hillarycare " plan in 1993 , according to Axios .   The GOP overhaul " is much more disliked than the ACA [ Obamacare ] and [ President Bill ] Clinton ’s health care reform bill were when they were first introduced    …      These numbers look a lot like an , The GOP ’s Ryancare the ACA [Obamacare] and [President Bill] Clinton’s health care reform bill said Axios , " is much more disliked than the ACA [ Obamacare ] GOP President Bill ] Clinton ’s health care reform bill were when they were the ACA [Obamacare] and [President Bill] Clinton’s health care reform bill July 2009 , in which only 25 percent of Clinton’s strongly in favor of Obama ’s the ACA [Obamacare] and [President Bill] Clinton’s health care reform bill care bill and 39 percent were strongly These numbers   …      Even in early November 1993 , a Wirthlin Group survey found that those strongly opposed ( 27 percent ) [ to Hillarycare ] outnumbered those who were strongly in favor ( 21 percent ) . " 
 