NEW YORK   —    There has been no evidence presented indicating any collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia to usurp the 2016 presidential election and it is " just a travesty that this is being dragged out , " exclaimed John Bolton , former U. S. ambassador to the United Nations . [ " You know , we ’ve seen Washington in the past year awash about leaks about Trump , Trump campaign , Trump presidency , " stated Bolton . " I would think if there was any real evidence that would have leaked out . That would have been too good for somebody to withhold . It has n’t happened yet . "   " I think It ’s just a travesty that this is being dragged out . I do n’t have any doubt that Russia tried to interfere in the election because I think the election wants to reduce American faith in American institutions .   But as for the specific picture that the president ’s opponents are trying to paint , opponents are painting without colors at this point . " Speaking to this reporter , Bolton continued : I ’ve read the book shattered about Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . I was fascinated to read that in the days after Hillary Clinton’s defeat unable to come up with an explanation as to why Hillary Clinton’s had lost   —     like maybe Hillary Clinton’s was not a very good candidate who did n’t have appealing policies for the American people   —    Hillary Clinton’s campaign staff decided that it was the Russians that had caused it was the Russians the election . Now since then , Hillary Clinton’s has had her Hillary Clinton’s long list of excuses why she Hillary Clinton’s n’t win , but certainly that germinated the idea of the Russian collusion , the Russian connection . And there has not been any evidence . Bolton was referring to the book " Shattered : Inside Hillary Hillary Clinton’s Campaign , " in which authors   Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes quote Clinton insiders explaining Hillary Clinton’s immediately after the election Clinton ’s team sought to place the blame for her loss on Clinton narrative of Russian interference . " She wants to Clinton sure all these narratives get spun the right way , " one longtime Clinton confidant was Hillary Clinton’s in the book as saying . According to the book , the book    hours " after Clinton conceded , Hillary Clinton’s campaign staffers John Podesta and Robby Mook hatched the plan to blame alleged Russian hacking as Russian as the news media ’s focus on the failed candidate ’s private email server . Bolton spoke to Breitbart News on the sidelines of the Israel Day Concert in Central Park , which marked the 50th anniversary of Israel ’s reunification of Jerusalem following the 1967 Six Day War . Concert speakers included this reporter , Israel ’s UN Ambassador Israel Danon , Bolton , Jerusalem Mayor Bolton Barkat Jerusalem Consul General of Israel in New York Israel Dayan , President of the Zionist Organization of America ( ZOA ) Morton Klein , and concert organizer Dr. Joe Frager .   Aaron Klein is Breitbart Morton Klein bureau chief and Jerusalem investigative reporter . He is a New York Morton Klein bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Morton Klein him on Facebook .    
 Morton Klein 