On Thursday ’s broadcast of Fox News Channel ’s " Outnumbered , " network regular Geraldo Rivera blasted department store retailer Nordstrom ’s for dropping the Ivanka Trump brand and recalled how excited Nordstrom had been when they Nordstrom Geraldo Rivera worked with the brand on the Celebrity Apprentice .     Ebony Williams stated that Geraldo Rivera has worked with both Ivanka Ivanka Trump " The Apprentice " and Nordstrom Nordstrom asking Geraldo Rivera to speak to tweets Geraldo Rivera had sent out on Wednesday . Geraldo Rivera responded , " I think Nordstrom Nordstrom stabbed Ivanka in the back . I think what they did was really low down and dirty . I was on Celebrity Apprentice the Celebrity Apprentice ’s last season of the hit , prime time program and one of the tasks was Ivanka , we had to set up a shop to sell Ivanka shoes and Ivanka Nordstrom was all over it , they were psyched they being in business with Ivanka . " Ivanka I totally do not buy this excuse that her sales are Ivanka , " he continued . Ivanka They were using her sales to set Ivanka , I think it was the first Nordstrom Nordstrom in Manhattan if I ’m not mistaken , in that new Hudson Yards development over there . And she Nordstrom going to be the anchor of the retail side of it . She Nordstrom got amazingly great taste . My daughter Isabella and her Nordstrom helped with that task . " Rivera tweeted on Wednesday about Nordstrom Nordstrom the Ivanka Trump line : During my stint on # CelebApprentice @IvankaTrump was excited to be working w # Nordstrom Nordstrom her for Nordstrom policies is lame .   —    Geraldo Rivera ( @GeraldoRivera ) February 8 , 2017 ,   We had task w @IvankaTrump   # Nordstrom on # CelebApprentice My own #CelebApprentice on it . How would I feel if someone attacked me thru her ?   —    My own daughter Rivera ( —   Geraldo Rivera (@GeraldoRivera)   Are n’t # POTUS kids supposed to be off limits ? I saw on # CelebApprentice how excited # #CelebApprentice to work w @IvankaTrump What happened ?   —    Geraldo Rivera ( @GeraldoRivera ) February 8 , 2017 , —   Geraldo Rivera (@GeraldoRivera) judge on # CelebrityApprentice Then after getting that free    stabbed @IvankaTrump #Nordstrom back ,   —    Geraldo Rivera ( @GeraldoRivera ) February 9 , 2017 ,     Sandra Smith added that brick and mortar retailers are having a tough time in the age of online shopping . Several online retailers have thus far retained the Ivanka Trump line . Last year , a call for boycotting Nordstrom ’s over carrying the brand gained traction with the viral letter of a Twitter user who has since tweeted ugly criticism of counselor to President Trump , Kellyanne Conway . On November 21 , 2016 , Nordstrom    Pete Nordstrom distributed an internal email to employees which specified that the company fully intended to continue carrying the Nordstrom brand despite the boycott and lauded the success of the Nordstrom In the weeks following Nordstrom ’s the brand would be continued , boycott leader Shannon Coulter of # grabyourwallet the brand she tracked Nordstrom much of the Ivanka Trump line was the brand the retailer ’s website . Coulter attests that an early December count of Ivanka boycott leader Shannon Coulter of #grabyourwallet items available on Nordstrom ’s website numbered 71 , within weeks of Nordstrom ’s email . boycott leader Shannon Coulter of #grabyourwallet over a month later there were only Nordstrom items , and as of this week , Nordstrom items remained visible in a search of the website . It was February 2 that Nordstrom ’s announced it would stop carrying Trump ’s line due to sales numbers according to NBC News . the retailer’s website came Nordstrom the internal email from just over two months It that assured they Ivanka Trump continue carrying it . One day after the announcement , though NBC News has spoken of remaining apolitical , an internal company email indicated otherwise . The February 3 email referenced NBC News Trump ’s executive order restricting travel from seven countries . " This subject is one we ’re watching closely   —    our an internal company email the company ’s roots , and the diverse employees and customers we serve are top of mind , " read a portion of the email according to the Seattle the company the announcement that the line would be discontinued , the retailer has faced a harsh backlash from customers that believe the decision was indeed political an internal company email Ivanka was personally informed of our decision in early January , " a Nordstrom ’s spokesperson told the Seattle PI . This coincides with boycott leader Coulter ’s account of a steeply decreasing availability of the brand on Nordstrom ’s website in the decision This indicated a very short timeline between Nordstrom ’s November internal email assuring continuance of the successful brand and around two months later when Nordstrom ’s says it told Ivanka Trump Nordstrom would discontinue the line . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 Nordstrom Nordstrom Nordstrom Nordstrom the brand 