President Donald Trump met on Wednesday with victims of opioid addiction and members of President Donald Trump committee who will address the growing crisis . [ " Opioid abuse has become a crippling problem throughout the United States , " President Donald Trump said . " This is a total epidemic . And I think This ’s almost    compared to the severity that we ’re witnessing . "   President Donald Trump was joined at the White House meeting by Vice President Mike Pence and Gov. Chris Christie , who is leading the commission . Attorney General Jeff Sessions , Education Secretary Betsy DeVos , Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin , and Department of Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly also attended . Trump referred to the border , vowing to do more to stop opioid drugs from entering the country . " Drug cartels have spread their Drug cartels industry across our nation , and the availability of cheap narcotics , some of it comes in cheaper than candy and has devastated our communities , " Trump Trump . One recovering addict , Vanessa Vitolo , explained how she Trump injured and got hooked on painkillers like Percocet and oxycodone . It was not long before she Trump on to heroin because it was cheaper . Vitolo said she Vitolo everything , was homeless , and in and out of jail before she Vitolo to a treatment facility . " You have no feelings , and you ’re a shell , and it a shell over your whole life , " she Vitolo . Thanks to her Vitolo , she Vitolo , she Vitolo from addiction and now has a job and an apartment . " There is hope and there is a tomorrow , and there is a day after that . You just have to fight for it , " Vitolo said . AJ Solomon , the Founder of Victory Bay Recovery Center , talked about how he got hooked on painkillers like OxyContin before getting addicted to heroin . He he his he with addiction caused him he consider suicide . " I planned to shoot myself he " he he . " I did n’t have a gun . " Pam Garozzo , a drug awareness advocate , lost her son to drug addiction and blamed his her son of marijuana as a gateway drug to harder drugs like heroin and crystal meth . Despite his her son to get clean , he her son on meth as a senior in high school . " Nothing in parenting prepares you to deal with the fact that Mike her son I will outlive our son , " Garozzo said . " That his her son who he her son and who were so close to him her son wo n’t see him her son . That there will be empty seats at the Thanksgiving table . " New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie noted during the meeting that both he New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie the president were   . " We both he and the president    for the whole life , not just for the nine months in the womb , " he New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie . " Every life is an individual gift from God and is precious . And no life is irredeemable . " 
 