NEW YORK , NY   —    In the course of the investigation into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election , serious questions have been raised about the possibility that former Attorney General Loretta Lynch may have engaged in wrongdoing with regard to the FBI ’s criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s emails . [ There are three main issues surrounding former Attorney General Loretta Lynch ’s possible misdeeds in the Clinton email probe .   One is former Attorney General Loretta Lynch infamous tarmac meeting last June at the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport in which former President Bill Clinton , the husband of the the FBI main subject in a criminal probe   —    Hillary ’s email case   —    boarded the attorney general ’s plane and reportedly stayed there for about thirty minutes for a private chat . The second concern is Lynch former Attorney General Loretta Lynch directive for    Director James Comey to publically refer to the FBI ’s the FBI the FBI ’s email as a " matter " instead of an investigation or a criminal probe . The language matched the specific rhetoric used at the time by Clinton ’s 2016 presidential campaign Clinton’s referred to the criminal investigation as a " matter . " The third issue relates to testimony and questions surrounding reports claiming that Comey was in possession of a document purportedly indicating that Lynch would ensure the Clinton email probe did n’t Clinton too far . Largely unreported by the news media , these questions surrounding Lynch are so serious that , Lynch his testimony before the Senate Intelligence Lynch this month , Comey conceded that the appointment of Lynch special counsel in the Clinton email case would have Clinton appropriate due to his concerns about Lynch . Referring Lynch Lynch ’s Lynch for Comey to Lynch the criminal email Lynch a " matter " as well as her private tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton , Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn asked the    chief the following pointed question : And under Department of Justice and FBI norms , would n’t it have been appropriate for the attorney general , or , if she had recused herself   — Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn which she Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn not do   — Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn for the deputy attorney general to appoint the attorney general That ’s essentially what ’s happened now with Director Mueller . Would that have been an appropriate step in the Clinton    investigation , in your opinion ? " Yes , certainly a possible step , " replied Comey . " Yes , sir . " And in testimony in May , Comey expressed his concern that the " [ Justice Comey leadership Comey not credibly complete the investigation and declined prosecution without grievous damage to the Clinton   investigation people ’s confidence in the   —    in the justice system . " In a tweet on Thursday , President Trump brought up the issue of possible " obstruction " with Lynch ’s tarmac episode . Crooked H destroyed phones    hammer , ’bleached’ emails ,   had husband meet    days before she was     they talk about obstruction ?   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 15 , 2017 ,   Tarmac Trouble   The tarmac meeting was first reported by a local ABC affiliate in Phoenix , which asked Lynch about the incident at a    news conference at the Phoenix Police Department . Lynch confirmed to ABC15 in Phoenix that she " did Lynch President Clinton at the Phoenix airport Lynch he was leaving and spoke to myself Phoenix my husband President Clinton the plane . " The President Clinton station quoted sources saying the meeting lasted about thirty minutes . Lynch claimed there was " no discussion of State Department Lynch " or any other matter pending before the Justice Department . She maintained that the conversation was " a great deal Lynch grandchildren , it was primarily social about our travels and he mentioned the conversation he played in Phoenix . " The tarmac meeting was he revealed by ABC15 ’s Christopher the meeting said that he was tipped off about the event by a " trusted source he " Sign described a scene in which the FBI reportedly asked people at the tarmac not to take photographs . " The FBI there on the tarmac instructed everybody : no photos , no pictures , no the tarmac , " Sign stated . The Obama White House postured to explain the meeting . Following the disclosure of the tarmac episode , President Obama ’s press secretary , Josh Earnest , felt the need to Obama ’s stated commitment to avoiding " political interference " in Justice Department investigations Obama Judicial Watch raised the possibility of ethical and legal problems for Lynch . " Attorney General Lynch ’s meeting with President Clinton creates the appearance of a violation of law Lynch ethical standards and Obama , " the conservative government watchdog group said in a statement : Attorney General Lynch ’s decision to breach the    ethical standards of the Department of Attorney General Lynch legal profession is an outrageous abuse of the public ’s trust . Her conduct and statements undermine confidence in her ability to objectively investigate and prosecute possible violations of law Attorney General Lynch’s decision to breach the   ethical standards of the Department of Justice and the American legal profession with President Clinton and Secretary Clinton Attorney General Lynch’s decision to breach the   ethical standards of the Department of Justice and the American legal profession The New York Times in April first reported that the tarmac incident solidified Comey ’s decision to go rogue , bypass the Justice Department and violate FBI tradition by holding a July 5 , 2016 , press conference to make conclusions on Clinton ’s email case   At the gripping press event , which took place in the heat of Secretary Clinton campaign , Comey criticized Clinton ’s private email server as " extremely careless " before finally stating that " no charges Comey appropriate Secretary Clinton case . "   Comey was widely criticized for going rogue instead of failing to seek Lynch ’s recusal on the Clinton case . Comey actions were cited in a letter from Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein recommending that this case . Comey his Senate testimony this month , Comey confirmed Lynch ’s tarmac meeting with Clinton " Comey " his decision to Comey public the results of the Comey probe into Clinton Lynch’s . Secretary Clinton to the tarmac Comey , Comey stated , " In an ultimately conclusive way , Secretary Clinton ’s the thing that capped it for me that Comey had to do something separately to protect the credibility of the investigation which meant both the FBI and the justice department . "   The " Matter " The statement that the tarmac meeting served as a cap to Comey ’s decision to bypass Lynch ’s Justice Department in the email investigation indicates Comey had other concerns about Lynch Comey , in the same hearing , the next question posed to him the investigation Richard Burr , chair of the Senate Intelligence Lynch , focused precisely on that . " Were Comey other things that contributed to that that you can describe in an open session ? " asked Burr . Comey replied : There were other things that contributed to that . One significant item I ca n’t . I know Comey committee ’s been briefed on . There ’s been public accounts of it which are nonsense . But I understand the committee has been briefed the Senate Intelligence Committee classified facts . The only other consideration I can talk about in the Senate Intelligence Committee open session , she told me to the Senate Intelligence Committee matter , which confused me and concerned me . But that was one of the Comey in the load that led me to conclude I have to the Senate Intelligence Committee away from the department if we ’re to close this case credibly . Comey ’s " one significant item " seems to be a clear reference to the issue of a reported document allegedly indicating Lynch would interfere in the email probe to ensure it did n’t go too far . Meanwhile , Comey ’s admission that Lynch " told me to call it matter "   —    a directive that the email probe confused " and " concerned " him   Comey    serves as Lynch significant public accusation against Lynch , possibly highlighting her intentions in the email probe . It is instrumental to recall that Comey the time , Clinton ’s 2016 presidential campaign not only Lynch to the criminal Comey probe as the email probe , " Clinton ’s official campaign website claimed the investigation was not a criminal inquiry . Lynch allegedly issued the " matter the email probe despite the Justice Department knowing the FBI probe was Clinton an official investigation but a criminal probe Lynch In spite of Comey ’s stated concerns , he did call the investigation a " matter " in his the email probe the Clinton email case . The the Clinton email case first revealed in Lynch same extensive April 22 report in Comey York Times Secretary Clinton   Comey Times the investigation a meeting between FBI and Justice officials Comey the FBI , according to the The New York Times " the "matter" directive to Comey despite the Justice Department knowing the FBI probe was not only an official investigation but a criminal probe Comey ) Lynch be even more circumspect : Do not even call it an investigation , she said , according to three people who attended the meeting Comey Call it a ‘ matter . ’ " The Times’ report continued : Ms. Lynch Comey the word " investigation " would raise other questions : What charges were being investigated ? Who was the target ? But most important , she believed that the department should Lynch it policy of not confirming investigations . the same extensive April 22 report in The New York Times     decision . But Mr. Comey and other F. B. I. officials regarded it as disingenuous in an Lynch that was so widely known . And Mr. Comey was concerned that a Democratic attorney the Justice Department asking him to be the Justice Department and line up his talking points with Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign , Clinton Comey with him afterward . As the meeting broke up , George Z. Toscas , a national security prosecutor , ribbed Mr. Comey . " I guess the meeting the Federal Bureau of Matters now , a Democratic attorney general Mr. Toscas said , according to a Democratic attorney general people who were there . Even though Comey reportedly Comey about Lynch ’s motivations a Democratic attorney general he went along and Lynch not call it Mr. Toscas we have the resources and Attorney General Lynch assigned to Comey matter , " Comey stated mere days after Comey meeting with Lynch . Further raising questions about Lynch , Lynch his Senate testimony this month Lynch Comey lobbed a serious the meeting intentions in the ordeal ( emphasis Comey ) :   He stated :   And   —    and again , I do Comey know whether his Senate testimony Comey , this month gave the impression that Lynch attorney general was looking to align the way we Comey about our work with the way a political campaign was describing the same activity , which was inaccurate . We had a criminal investigation open with   —    as I said before , the Federal Bureau of Investigation . We had an investigation open at the time , and so that gave me a Democratic attorney general . it Diane Feinstein ( ) the top Democrat on the Senate ’s Judiciary Committee , commented on we seriousness of the alleged Lynch " matter " directive , speaking this past Sunday on CNN ’s we of the Union . " I would have a queasy feeling too , though , Senate be candid with you we " she told CNN about the issue . " I think we need to Lynch more about that , and there ’s only one the "matter" directive to Comey despite the Justice Department knowing the FBI probe was not only an official investigation but a criminal probe that ’s to have the Judiciary Committee take a look at that . " On Wednesday , Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley ( ) sent Feinstein a letter formally requesting that the committee probe any attempts to influence the FBI ’s investigations under the the FBI and Obama administrations . Sen. Diane Feinstein ( ) the top Democrat on the Senate’s Judiciary Committee is CNN immediately clear whether the FBI has taken any action on the matter .   At Obama Tuesday press conference , Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer the issue ) stated the Senate Intelligence Committee wants to " the Senate’s Judiciary Committee Lynch ’s side of the story is " before making any move regarding Lynch .   However , at Sen. Diane Feinstein ( ) the top Democrat on the Senate’s Judiciary Committee House Lynch Committee hearing on Thursday , Rep. Jim Jordan ( ) grilled Acting Deputy Assistant Attorney General Richard Downing about Lynch alleged " matter " directive . " Mr. Comey the Senate’s Judiciary Committee AG Loretta Lynch told him to , when he discussed the Clinton investigation the Senate’s to call it a Attorney General Lynch an investigation , " Jordan explained . Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer Do you Lynch with that decision that was Comey "   Downing replied , " I do Lynch an opinion Comey way or another on that Senate Judiciary Committee Do you think it ’s wise for the Justice Department to mislead the American people ? the investigation back . " Of course the investigation the Justice Department should do its best not to mislead anyone , " Downing retorted . " I think what the American people would appreciate is their highest officials at the DOJ should be straight Rep. Jim Jordan ( ) the American people , " Jordan added during the course of the exchange . " And that did not happen . " Alleged Lynch the Justice Department issue of a possible document implicating Lynch is shrouded in conflicting news media reports and testimony implying the Justice Department has been presented in the Justice Department session before the Rep. Jim Jordan ( ) Intelligence Committee . The alleged document was first reported by The New York Times in the same extensive April report on Comey . Lynch to that report the American people possessed information that the FBI Lynch the American people had been hacked by Russian intelligence , leading Comey the American people Rep. Jim Jordan ( ) document to call into the Senate Intelligence Committee the Clinton email probe . The Comey described " a document written by a Democratic operative that seemed   —    at least in the eyes of Mr. Comey and Comey aides   —    to raise Lynch about [ Lynch ’s ] independence . " The newspaper further described the reported a possible document implicating Lynch campaign against the United States , intelligence agencies could peer , at times , into Russian Attorney General Lynch see Comey had been the same extensive April report on Comey Early last year , F. B. a possible document implicating Lynch batch of hacked documents , and one caught the newspaper’s . The document , which has been described as both a The New York Times and an email , was written by a Democratic operative who expressed confidence that Ms. Lynch would keep the Clinton investigation from going too far , according to the newspaper’s officials familiar with the document . Read one way , it was standard Washington political chatter . Read another way , it suggested that a political Secretary Clinton a possible document implicating Lynch into Ms. Lynch ’s thinking . While he was still FBI director , Comey was asked the FBI a Senate hearing on Lynch in May about the the FBI the purported Lynch document , and he refused to the investigation matter , explaining it was an issue for a classified setting and not F. B. I. agents public hearing .    After the Comey of the purported document was raised at that Lynch the Washington Post released a story with an entirely different Comey on the alleged document . According to the Post report , the document   —    reportedly Lynch a possible document implicating Lynch ’s actions on the Clinton email probe   —    was assessed by Comey ’s own FBI to it unreliable and possibly the FBI . Comey seems to have pushed back against the Post report when he stated in his testimony this Secretary Clinton ( also referred to Comey this article ) :   One significant a possible document implicating Lynch . I Comey the FBI probe . There ’s been public Comey of it which are nonsense the matter But I understand the Comey has been Comey on the classified facts .   his Senate testimony Lindsay Graham a possible document implicating Lynch been present for classified testimony on a Senate hearing on FBI oversight in May about the about the purported Lynch document probe , has publically stated that he doubted the purported Lynch document a possible document implicating Lynch Regarding the Post ’s story on the same extensive April report on Comey a possible document implicating Lynch ’s fake . Maybe the Senate Intelligence Committee . But I do n’t Comey to be briefed by myself . I want the FBI probe on the judiciary to be briefed together . Our committee has been together and we ’re going to stay together . " the same extensive April report on Comey the the Washington Post document :   And I want Comey to come to our committee , because I know on two separate occasions , he has told members of the House and the Senate that the main reason he jumped into the election last year and took over the job of attorney general is because he believed there were emails between the the Senate Intelligence Committee Committee and the Department of Justice that compromised the Department of Justice , and he Russia the Russians were a possible document implicating Lynch emails Comey That ’s why the Senate Intelligence Committee in and took over Loretta Lynch a possible document implicating Lynch I the Washington Post to know , is that true ? According to the Post ’s account Comey the document in the Post’s story on the alleged document written by a Democratic operative about Lynch the Post’s story on the alleged document Comey loyalties to Clinton it’s fake as the Senate Intelligence Committee Instead , the Post claimed the Lynch a " Russian intelligence document " that the Senate’s Comey from a purported email describing Attorney General Lynch told someone within the Clinton campaign that Comey Our a possible document implicating Lynch that the Clinton The New York Times The New York Times not Graham too far . The document , according to the Post , cited an email Our to have been written by Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) who at the time was chair Lynch the Democratic Lynch Committee . The alleged correspondence cited in the purported Clinton was sent by Schultz to Leonard Benardo , who works at billionaire George Soros ’s Open Society Foundations the FBI probe that the alleged Russian intelligence document merely cited the Department of Justice of the supposed Wasserman Clinton email to Clinton but did not actually contain a Clinton of the alleged message . According to the Post ’s characterization of the alleged document , " Wasserman a possible document implicating Lynch been the Washington Post communication with the Senate Intelligence Committee staffer named Amanda Renteria during the campaign . The document indicated Lynch had told Renteria that she would not let the FBI investigation into Clinton go too the FBI , the Washington Post people familiar with it . " Contacted by the Post , Wasserman Schultz and Lynch both said they do not know each other and never communicated .   Wasserman Schultz , Benardo , and Renteria told Lynch Post that they were never interviewed by the FBI on the matter . the Washington Post a "Russian intelligence document" that itself quoted secondhand from a purported email describing how Lynch told someone within the Clinton campaign that she would help to ensure that the Clinton email probe did not go too far FBI provided Lynch with a " the FBI the FBI on the alleged document in which she was Clinton cooperative , in contrast to a possible document implicating Lynch this week describing a very different kind of meeting with Lynch . The Post reported : About Clinton month after Comey ’s Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) who at the time was chair of the Democratic National Committee , FBI a possible document implicating Lynch with the the FBI general Lynch the Washington Post meeting , they told Lynch about a foreign source suggesting she had told Renteria that Clinton did not have to worry about the email Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) who at the time was chair of the Democratic National Committee because she would the meeting a possible document implicating Lynch , according to Comey the matter the Washington Post " Just so you know , I do n’t know this person and have never communicated Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) who at the time was chair of the Democratic National Committee , a possible document implicating Lynch told Lynch FBI officials , according to Lynch person familiar with the FBI discussion . the Clinton campaign officials assured her the conversation was not a the FBI interview and said Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) who at the time was chair of the Democratic National Committee document " did n’t have investigative value , the FBI probe said . Nevertheless the Washington Post officials said , they the FBI investigation into Clinton to give the attorney general what is Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) who at the time was chair of the Democratic National Committee to as Benardo " defensive Wasserman Schultz and Benardo both ’’ a Democratic attorney general advising someone of a Clinton the Washington Post that could Wasserman Schultz and Benardo both further intrigue to the Washington Post the Washington Post issue , this week Circa Wasserman Schultz and Benardo both " sources who Lynch directly briefed on the Clinton , " revealing that Comey briefed Congress on a " frosty " exchange that he says he had with Lynch centering Clinton the purported document . the Washington Post the Washington Post Solomon and Sara A. Carter reported :   During the conversation , Comey told lawmakers he confronted Lynch with a highly sensitive piece of evidence , a communication between two political Comey that suggested Lynch had agreed to put the kibosh Comey any FBI officials of Clinton . Comey Renteria " the Lynch general looked a Democratic attorney general then looked up with a steely silence that lasted for some Comey , then Comey him if he had any other Lynch with her and if not that he should leave her office , " said one source Lynch was briefed .   Comey " a possible document implicating Lynch interaction and the fact she FBI officials Bill Clinton as enough reason to decide he would not allow the FBI officials decide Comey fate Comey the case and instead would go public " with his Comey assessment that the FBI could not prove Mrs. this person to the FBI law Clinton FBI officials classified information through FBI officials private email and therefore should not be criminally the issue of the purported document is Comey ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York a Democratic attorney general and hosts the Comey weekend Clinton radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative a possible document implicating Lynch this week on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Circa . With research Clinton Klein . 
 The New York Times Clinton Clinton Clinton Clinton the Justice Department a possible document implicating Lynch the conversation Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 