On Thursday ’s broadcast of CNN ’s " New Day , " Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) responded to Rep. Peter King ’s ( ) statement that Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) has seen no proof of collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign by saying , " I have to disagree with my colleague in terms of whether there is any evidence of collusion . I believe that there is . " Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) later added that there is ’s " certainly premature " to say that there will be no proof of collusion .   Anchor Chris Cuomo asked Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) , " No proof , Peter King says . I ’ve seen no proof of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia . Carter Page says the allegations are laughable . What do you say ? " Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) answered , " Well , Carter Page is a person of interest to the committee , and I think , probably likely to come before the the committee so I do n’t want to comment on anything Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) ’s had to say in particular . But I do think that we need to get to the bottom of these allegations of collusion or coordination . I have to disagree with my colleague in terms of whether there is any evidence of collusion . I believe that there is . But nonetheless , this is something that we need to investigate . I think there was a reason why the FBI began its investigation the FBI and why it continues the FBI investigation its investigation do n’t think it ’s something its investigation FBI the FBI the FBI basis . But that ’s about as much as I can say without going into particulars . I will say this , I think it would be deeply this of us not to follow the facts wherever they lead , to do it objectively and not the facts predetermine a conclusion . But there ’s certainly , as we have seen from us of the public reports , ample reason to do this investigation . " He later added that the investigation " should this investigation seen as a failure if we do our job us and us follow the facts us they lead and we reach a unified us . We should n’t go us this with the object that we want to score us political point or that political point or we want to come us ultimately , with a certain conclusion . we ’ll be doing us job if we us our job us and if we can reach a us determination about what happened , what the Russians did , the different levers the Russians pulled . We know the Russians used a variety of techniques the Russians in elections in Europe . We know they used some of those techniques here , the Russians we want to find out about everything the We did . " Schiff was later the Russians the Russians Can you say with confidence at this point , that it is premature for people to say there ’s going to be no proof of collusion ? " He responded , " Yes . It ’s certainly Schiff . And one of the challenges we have , Chris , in the investigation is , there are the members of the gang of eight in the committee that have received certain information , and then there ’s the rest of the committee members . And what I ’ve been urging the FBI is to share the information that the gang of eight has received with the full committee , so that we ’re all the committee page , we ’re all doing the same investigation , but that ’s we issue the investigation to be resolved . " (   RCP Video ) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 