WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    President Donald Trump , posed the question whether President Donald Trump would choose to pass healthcare reform or government funding through Congress next week , said President Donald Trump wants both . [ " both ’re doing very well on healthcare . both ’ll see what happens . But this is a great bill . There ’s a great plan . And this will be great healthcare , " President Donald Trump told a room full of reporters at a joint press conference with the President and Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni .   " It ’s evolving , " President Donald Trump added . Congressional Republican leadership has struggled to make good on campaign promises to repeal and replace Obamacare . A hard push to pass House Republican leadership ’s American Health Care Act ( AHCA ) has thus far failed to garner the votes needed for passage , with Republicans on both ends of the spectrum struggling to reconcile Republicans to vote yes . " You know , there was never a " President Donald Trump continued . " Remember , it took Obamacare 17 months . I ’ve really been negotiating this for two months , maybe even less than that , because we had a    period where we did lots of other things the first 30 days . " After two scheduled House votes were canceled , President Donald Trump expressed the intent to move on to tax reform . The President tweeted that The President blamed the House Freedom caucus for the bill ’s demise , despite additional opposition from moderates to the bill that House Republican leadership crafted and championed . Among the most vocal critics of the AHCA as the House leadership ’s bill moved forward was Sen. Rand Paul . Just over a week after the canceled votes , Sen. Rand Paul went golfing with Trump and the two talked about healthcare reform . During the Thursday joint press conference , Trump continued : But this has really been two months . And this is a continuation . And the plan gets better and better and better . And the plan ’s gotten really , really good . And a lot of people are liking the plan a lot . We have a good chance of getting the plan soon . I ’d like to say next week , but it will be   —    I believe We will get it . And whether it ’s next week or shortly thereafter . As far as keeping the government open , I think We want to keep the government open . Earlier this week Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said that with the pushback on the aggressive timeline for healthcare , he Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin n’t expect tax reform to pass until after the August recess . He Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin however indicate that he Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin tax reform to pass in 2017 . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 