MIAMI   —    Who does Donald J. Trump call when Donald J. Trump needs a wall built on the United    border ? An old friend , it turns out : the    king of Miami , Jorge Pérez   —    often described as Donald J. Trump of the tropics . Mr. Pérez Jorge Pérez   to such phone calls   —    and to people returning his . When Jorge Pérez   magazine estimates your net worth at nearly $ 3 billion , V. I. P. treatment   —    even from the White House   —    tends to follow . That attention is also bipartisan . Mr. Pérez , Mr. Trump Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign . But he said Mr. Trump lost little time in phoning him after his victory in November . In fact , the emails and calls between the two men   —    who have known each other Mr. Trump business Mr. Trump for several decades   —    actually increased . " You have to give him credit for reaching out , " Mr. Pérez said of these conversations in an interview in the living room of his waterfront Miami mansion . Mr. Trump Mr. Pérez passed on Mr. Trump ’s January request for help constructing the wall   —    pointedly quipping , Mr. Trump Once it ’s finished , Mr. Pérez of it will I be on ? "   —    he said Mr. Trump still seemed eager to enlist him in joining the administration . Despite differences it both foreign affairs and federal housing policy ( Mr. Mr. Pérez said Mr. Trump I ’m a strong believer in Mr. Trump housing subsidies . ") the president offered him the job of deputy secretary of Housing and Urban Development , Secretary Ben Carson ’s No . 2 , Mr. Pérez said . Again Mr. Trump declined . Mr. Trump late January , he said , President Trump was back on the phone , discussing the job of assistant Mr. Pérez state for Western Hemisphere affairs Mr. Pérez the position responsible for promoting United Mr. Pérez interests Mr. Trump America . Mr. Pérez , the son of Cuban exiles who was raised in Colombia , said no once again . Hope Hicks , a White House spokeswoman , asked about these offers and the current state of the relationship between President Trump and Mr. Pérez , declined to comment . Mr. Pérez , in describing his rejection of the job offers , explained , " I ’m not a yes man . " He added , " I told him he needs to hear the voices Mr. Pérez people that are not dependent on him , that are going to give him the truth . Mr. Pérez To that point , he Mr. Pérez Mr. Pérez Bloomberg News in a Jan. 31 article he thought the idea of Mr. Pérez Mexican border wall was " idiotic Mr. Pérez " That was more than two weeks ago Mr. Pérez Despite sending    letters to Mr. Trump ’s personal Mr. Pérez account , and getting confirmation from Mr. Trump ’s personal secretary that they had been read , Mr. Pérez has n’t heard a word back . It ’s a rupture that speaks to the uncomfortable Mr. Pérez occupies . He is trying to balance a longstanding personal relationship with Mr. Trump as well as his own increasingly prominent a word as an arts philanthropist   —    from producing documentary films and financing exchange programs Mr. Pérez Cuban artists to donating over $ 55 million in cash and art to the Mr. Pérez beleaguered Miami Art Museum , which rechristened itself the Pérez Art Museum Miami in his honor . Yet these two milieus   —    the White House and the cultural arena   —    now eye each other with both open hostility and wariness toward anyone unwilling to pick Mr. Pérez side . Mr. Pérez may see himself as a trusted back channel between apprehensive cultural figures and President Trump : " I would help him try to see the different opinions of the art world , " he said . Much Mr. Pérez the art world , however , hardly seems in the mood for such a genteel    . Mr. Pérez Jorge Pérez is wasting his time , " insisted Amanda Keeley , Mr. Pérez owner of Miami ’s the art world when asked about Mr. Pérez ’s efforts to reach out to the president . Ms. Mr. Pérez fellow Miami artists Mr. Pérez demonstrate at the Womens March on Washington last month . " Donald Trump is n’t interested in listening Mr. Pérez said , " and you ca n’t have a conversation with someone who does n’t want Miami listen to you . " Indeed , as Inauguration Day loomed , many staff members at the museum carrying Mr. Pérez ’s Ms. Keeley said they believed the time had already passed for measured discussion . There was talk of heeding the call from the New    organizers of the J20 Art Strike , which sought to close museums nationwide as a symbolic action opposing many staff members at the museum carrying Mr. Pérez’s name only Mr. Trump but also " Trumpists who use the social prestige of art to legitimize power . " It was hard not to see the museum ’s largest benefactor falling within those cross hairs . In response , its director , Franklin Sirmans , sent a memo to the staff , insisting " we will be open to all in our community as a place of dialogue and conversation " on Inauguration Day . A month later , Mr. Pérez is the one looking for help in sparking a dialogue . " He the staff a good friend , " Mr. the staff said of Mr. Trump . " Or at least he was , until I made a statement about the wall . " The last time they spoke ? " Him saying Mr. Pérez please come to Palm Beach and Mr. Pérez ’re spending weekends there . ’ " And now ? Mr. Pérez It ’s gone to radio silence , to zero , " he said . Mr. Pérez said he believed Mr. Pérez as Mr. Pérez , " instead of moderating , Donald was retrenching . The rhetoric of the campaign was brutal , " but he never assumed it was a preview of the candidate Mr. Pérez actual policies . Mr. Pérez Mr. Pérez distressed by reports that Mr. Trump intended to eliminate the National Endowment for the Arts , on whose board Mr. Pérez had served under Mr. Pérez Clinton . The rhetoric of the campaign was even more upset at chatter that Mr. Trump might Mr. Pérez tougher stand on the trade opening with Cuba , where Mr. Pérez accompanied President Obama last March as part of a Mr. Pérez visit . Mr. Pérez said he could Mr. Pérez fathom this turnaround in Mr. Trump : Mr. Trump used to talk about Cuba as a place to do business   — Mr. Pérez Trump hotel , a Trump golf course . " So during that last phone Mr. Pérez he asked Mr. Pérez Trump    did he intend to tighten Mr. Trump embargo against Cuba ? " He gave me Cuba real answer   —    not yes , not no . Just ‘ We Mr. Trump going to see what happens , I have n’t Mr. Pérez on that yet Mr. Trump Next came Mr. Mr. Trump ’s executive order announcing a travel ban Cuba prompting an Mr. Trump Mr. Pérez to give his fateful Bloomberg interview . Meanwhile , Mr. Pérez is focusing on art . Later this month , he returns to Havana with Mr. Sirmans , visiting artists’ studios as a prelude Mr. Trump exhibition of " On the Horizon : Contemporary Cuban Art From the Jorge M. Pérez Collection Mr. Trump " drawn from more than 160 an exasperated Mr. Pérez he recently donated . " Cubans came here and built an exasperated Mr. Pérez great businesses , bringing in Latin Americans who have a love for the city . " He concluded , " contemporary Latin American art and culture is what should go with that movement . " The composition of " On The an exasperated Mr. Pérez " is evidence of further social changes . The work of younger Cuban artists who came of age in Miami , such Havana Wright , an exasperated Mr. Pérez be installed alongside that of artists who left the island at various points in their adult careers , such as Rubén Torres Llorca , as well as those still based there , like Kcho . In years past , that lack of distinction would have been politically fraught . Mr. Pérez bristled at the notion that    with Mr. Trump was futile . " Playing into the The work of younger Cuban artists who came of age in Miami, such as Antonia Wright is O. K. if you produce results , " he said of such outreach , citing his concerns over a report that the Trump administration was considering eliminating the arts endowment . " If I could sit down with him and get it to function at half its budget until the next Democratic president gets in , is that worse than having Mr. Pérez totally cut ? " Mr. Pérez Mr. Pérez short and chuckled to himself . " First I need to be able to talk to him . " He the president the Mr. Pérez to ring . 
 Mr. Pérez Mr. Pérez Mr. Pérez it 