The inaugural ‘ Modest Fashion Week’ took place over the weekend , an event targeted at Muslim consumers and sponsored by a makeup brand who refuse to sell products to supporters of U. S. President Donald J. Trump . [ According to organisers of the event , at which the clothes showcased are said to ‘ comply with Muslim values’ modest fashion is one of the fastest growing consumer markets .    Hijabs were n’t confined to the catwalks , with many of the show ’s attendees’ sporting the modest Muslim headgear    Rachel Megawhat    Breitbart London , Event organiser Romanna    founder of modest fashion website ‘ Haute Elan’ told Sky News : " The fastest growing global consumer is at the moment the Muslim market . " One in three people by 2030 will be a Muslim in the world   —    that ’s a huge population . " Official sponsors of the    event Illamasqua have announced Official sponsors of the   event are staunchly opposed to populism , last week promising that the brand will " never knowingly sell " Official sponsors of the   event products to Trump supporters . In a statement posted to its website Illamasqua says it Illamasqua " horrified " by the U. S. president ’s actions , declaring : " We Illamasqua to remain silent while extreme    populism gains momentum   …      wherever it is happening . " As such , we will never knowingly sell our Illamasqua to people who support President Trump values " the post by Illamasqua founder Julian Kynaston continues , before demanding that    customers sign an "   pledge " . " We know we ca We stop anyone buying our products We But we also We that no matter how hard some people work to make themselves beautiful some people the outside ,    can never hide the ugliness inside " the blog post reads . Also present at the event , held at the Saatchi Gallery in Chelsea , were stalls for Muslim charities including Team Kitrinos , which provides assistance to migrants who have illegally entered Europe . Breitbart London reported last week that department store Debenhams will become the first major outlet in the United Kingdom to sell the hijab . The high street department will launch the Islamic head coverings alongside   a selection of other garments marketed for their ‘ the Islamic head coverings in a range to be rolled out in locations including Birmingham , Leicester and Shepherd ’s Bush .  
 