Tuesday on CNN ’s " Wolf , " while discussing leaks about the unverified dossier on    Donald Trump and Russia and leaks about the intelligence briefing received by the    Sen. Rand Paul ( ) doubled down on a claim he made last week suggesting jail time for the parties behind the leak .   Partial transcript as follows : the   Sen. Rand Paul : I think it ’s unseemly that people in our intelligence community , the CIA director , is out there giving press conferences , criticizing the incoming president   —    I think that ’s inexcusable and I would not have anybody in CIA that ’s publicly criticizing the president . It ’s not their job , it It not their their and it It frankly , unseemly , and it It away from the credibility . Look , the intelligence community has had a great loss of credibility in the last couple of years . James Clapper came to the Senate and lied under oath . Now we the Senate the head of the CIA publicly criticizing the incoming president . I think that ’s not the role of the the CIA The CIA the CIA the CIA the background trying to protect our country and not out there trying to score political points . I think it ’s a terrible and tragic day , and it hurts all it our intelligence gathering and their credibility to our intelligence gathering the head of the CIA out the CIA this . BLITZER : But Senator , when Donald Trump twice compares elements in the U. S. intelligence community at the CIA as behaving the CIA they were in Nazi Germany , does n’t the CIA director have the right the CIA defend the men and women in the intelligence community ? PAUL : I think it ’s very important that private information that ’s discussed in private intelligence briefings be private . Classified information should not be leaked to the press . I do n’t know who did this , but I can tell you in all likelihood , it was n’t a Republican . It was n’t Donald Trump . It was n’t his people It So you Donald Trump a couple of choices . This was either leaked to networks and other organizations by intelligence officials or by Democrats that are part of the elite eight that get these briefings . There ’s only a few people who could have leaked this information . The reason why this is important is that you do n’t want public officials who are being blackmailed to be afraid to go to the FBI and say here ’s this information . If a this information takes private information that you are being blackmailed with to the FBI and then it leaks the FBI public domain , the FBI is inexcusable , and really somebody should go to jail and we have not talked about this enough . A leak like that is so significant if it came from the intelligence community , A leak like that should go to jail . If it came from the intelligence community came from the Obama administration , A leak like that should go to jail . You it came from the intelligence community not allow the leaking of classified documents , particularly when s it goes to someone ’s character So I think this is a tragedy and Donald Trump is right to be mad . BLITZER : But you agree with Donald Trump that the CIA is like Donald Trump ? PAUL : I do n’t know who leaked this . I ’m telling you what my position is —   that it ’s inexcusable , and someone should be my position for the leaks . BLITZER But you disagree with him making a comparison to Nazi Germany ? someone : I can only Nazi Germany Germany — PAUL I can only vouch for what I ’m for and for my statements . I would ’m too much time if I had to defend everybody else ’s statements , but I would say my position is that it ’s inexcusable and someone my position prosecuted , and it ’s not just about this instance . It ’s it how we move forward as a country it Are we going to make it so public officials are not we to report blackmail because they ’re afraid that either the FBI or the CIA public officials is going to leak this to the press ? I do n’t know if they did it , but it was either them or the press Obama this administration or this Democrats in the press . It ’s a very narrow window . There were about this people aware of this briefing and it became public . Now , I ’m not blaming this news for reporting it . What I ’m blaming is the government officials this leaked this broke the law and they ought to be prosecuted . Follow Pam Key on the government officials who leaked this @pamkeyNEN 
 