WASHINGTON   —    President Trump lashed out at the nation ’s intelligence agencies again on Wednesday , saying that President Trump former national security adviser , Michael T. Flynn , was brought down by illegal leaks to the news media , on a day of new disclosures about the President Trump camp ’s dealings with Russia during and after the presidential campaign . " From intelligence , papers are being leaked , things are being leaked , " President Trump said at a White House news conference with Benjamin Netanyahu , the prime minister of Israel . " It ’s a criminal action , criminal act , and it It been going on for a long time before me President Trump but now it It really going on . And people are trying to cover up for a terrible loss that the Democrats had under Hillary Clinton . " With his Mr. Trump and a burst of    posts he Mr. Trump on Twitter , Mr. Trump tried to shift attention from damaging questions about contacts with Russia by Mr. Flynn and others close to the president , arguing that the outrage is not those contacts , but the leaks about them the outrage is not those contacts He Mr. Trump his Mr. Trump that the allegations of a " Russian connection " were nothing more than a Democratic conspiracy , fed to a receptive news media to distract from the mistakes made by Mrs. Clinton during the campaign . The White House has said that Mr. Trump demanded Mr. Flynn ’s resignation on Monday night , after it was revealed that Mr. Flynn , a retired    Army general , had misled Vice President Mike Pence and other officials about his Mr. Trump with a Russian diplomat . But on Wednesday , the Mr. Trump that Mr. Flynn Mr. Flynn’s been treated very , very unfairly by the media , " undercut by " documents and papers that were illegally   —    I ’d stress that , illegally   —    leaked . " Earlier , he had Mr. Trump on Twitter , " Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes   @washingtonpost by the intelligence community ( NSA and FBI ? ) . Just like Russia " The New York Times and The Washington Post had reported on the contacts Mr. Flynn had with Russia ’s ambassador Russia , Sergey I. Kislyak . Mr. Flynn initially told Mr. Flynn and others that he and Mr. Kislyak did Mr. Flynn discuss matters of substance , like United States sanctions against Russia , but in Russia days after Mr. Trump ’s inauguration , the Justice Department notified the White House that he had not been forthright Mr. Trump the conversations . The Times also disclosed broader contacts between Russian intelligence officials and people with ties to the Trump campaign and Mr. Trump Mr. Trump business empire Mr. Trump after the campaign , and other news organizations followed with similar reports . The president declined to address that Mr. Trump , as he has at other times in recent Mr. Trump , took questions at his news conference only from conservative news Mr. Trump and ignored more challenging questions shouted to him as he left the podium . Mr. Trump far Mr. Trump the White House has had little success in trying to shift the narrative from the Russian contacts to accusations about the leaking of sensitive information by the intelligence agencies , as well as by the F. B. I. Mr. Trump used a similar strategy during the transition , after disclosures that the intelligence agencies presented him with a the intelligence agencies compromising   — the F. B. I. Mr. Trump but unsubstantiated   —    information that Russian officials had collected on him during Russian travels to Russia . On Wednesday the F. B. I. Mr. Trump Mr. the F. B. I. Mr. Trump said on Twitter , " The fake the F. B. I. Mr. Trump is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred . @MSNBC   @CNN The fake news media unwatchable . @foxandfriends is great ! " The president also praised a column by Eli Lake of the F. B. I. Mr. Trump , which criticized the selective leaking Mr. Lake Mr. Flynn had been sacrificed to protect other officials , potentially including the president himself . Mr. Trump , as he has before the F. B. I. Mr. Trump that his policy toward Russia was being compromised . " Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration . Was Obama too soft on Russia Mr. Flynn " he posted on Twitter . Mr. Flynn Mr. Flynn Russia Russia 