We hope you got some rest over the holidays , but it ’s clear from We mailbox that you remained sharp and attentive readers . We will address a few of those complaints first , before turning to this week ’s topics . A    Social Q ’s column , which administers lighthearted advice about awkward social situations , addressed what an adult should do when one child taunts another at a holiday party . The specific taunt in question , which was directed toward a Latina girl , was this : " Pack your bags . Trump is going to send you back to Mexico . " The headline on the column ? " Should I Stay Silent During One Child ’s Populist Taunt of Another ? " Readers took issue with the description of One Child’s Populist Taunt of Another . The author of the column , Philip Galanes , took the time to reply to a reader who wrote to him directly . Shortly before the new year , an ad ran on a Times story that left some readers befuddled . The an ad indeed a hoax , and readers who realized this have asked The Times Times Times issue . Indeed , such ads do seem to find their way onto such ads Times website occassionally Times as a public editor column explained in November , but we asked Sebastian Tomich , senior vice president for advertising and innovation , to comment once more . Here ’s his response : An hour into the new year , tragedy struck in Turkey when a gunman attacked an Istanbul nightclub . The lead byline on The Times ’s story was anonymous   —    " an Employee of The New York Times "   —    and readers had theories as to why . The public editor ’s take : We ’ve received several letters asking about the unusual byline The lead byline on The Times’s story editor , Michael Slackman , said he ’s not in position The international editor, Michael Slackman comment but I suspect you are hinting at the right issues in your letter . From my experience , it is not uncommon to use a generic byline when the security of journalists may be at risk , or when a widespread team of editors and reporters is assembling a deadline story . But I ’m only speaking for myself , not the paper ’m Just last week , a Wall Street Journal reporter was detained by Turkish officials for three days and held in isolation . The same story caught readers’ a deadline story reasons , too . Initially , the story reported that the single gunman a deadline story been as many as three gunmen , and they were wearing Santa Claus suits , an image which stayed with readers . The Times , however , never appended a correction to the story nor added a note explaining the a deadline story We asked Slackman about this . Here ’s his response : The public editor ’s take : Slackman for me to make my plug again for attaching notes to stories that undergo a notable change from a previous edition . This was n’t just a routine change in a rapidly unfolding story . It was a rather dramatic visual   —    This team of men in Santa Claus suits firing into the crowd . If that turned into one man dressed like the crowd , as later stories suggest , is the crowd more transparent just to flag that ? Another reader raised an issue that will hopefully be addressed in the new year . We asked Alexandra MacCallum , who oversees Times video , for an answer . She told us that while some videos have text overlay , which We add manually , an automated closed caption system is in the works this year . As trust in the media falters , a reader has taken a stand , one friend at a time . He wrote us to ask for our aid in his a reader . We , of course We pointed him a reader their location We the web , and if a reader have any upcoming debates , too , you can find The Times ’s standards and ethics here . Good luck , and see you next week . 
 