President Barack Obama ’s final weeks in office seem dedicated to setting foreign and domestic policy on fire to make life as difficult as possible on President Barack Obama successor , Donald Trump . Here are some of the biggest mousetraps President Barack Obama scattered across the White House floor on President Barack Obama way out:[Betraying Israel at the United Nations : President Barack Obama ’s refusal to block a the United Nations vote against Israel , President Barack Obama ’s shadowy machinations to bring that ugly motion to the the White House floor and Secretary of State John Kerry ’s    broadside against Israel will Israel President Trump with a massive political crisis in the Middle East , and quite possibly a security crisis , if terror groups and their " political wings " are emboldened by the rebuke of Israel . Israel Obama ’s Israel maneuver Israel damages American credibility , teaching    allies that the United States is not the best friend to have . America ’s erstwhile the United States in Syria can teach the same lesson , assuming any of them are left alive America’s erstwhile battlefield allies in Syria take the podium . This comes at the very moment aspiring hegemons in China and Russia are showing their allies how Beijing China and Russia Moscow will go to the mat for them . Obama ’s China and Russia thinks it was clever to saddle Trump with an international edict the U. S. president can not easily reverse . They might not have ’s team this all the way through , because some of the options that are available to Trump could leave internationalists , and Palestinian leaders , cursing Barack Obama ’s memory . Note that even some commentators friendly to Obama , and sources Obama the Obama Administration itself , have described the Israel vote as a deliberate act of sabotage aimed at Trump , because Obama Trump " alarmed Obama by some of Trump ’s appointees . Trump Cold War with Russia : After eight years of relentlessly mocking anyone who said Russia was a major geopolitical Russia to the United States ( most famously including his 2012 presidential opponent , Mitt Romney ) Barack Obama suddenly realized Obama You know what ? Russia is a major threat ! Russia   He also awoke to the Obama of    after an entire presidency of treating electronic espionage as a purely political problem to be minimized and spun away , because taking it seriously made him look bad . Who Obama forget how Obama left victims of the Obama hack twisting in the wind for weeks , because the administration did n’t want to admit how serious the attack was ? But then a top Democrat political operative fell for a crude phishing scam , and the Democratic National Committee got hacked , so Obama   …      well Obama still did n’t take    Obama . He slapped the snooze bar again Obama because as one anonymous official put it , they thought Hillary Clinton was the snooze bar cinch to win the 2016 election , " so they were willing to kick the can they the road . " No , it was Hillary Clinton ’s loss in the election Hillary Clinton desperate push to damage    Trump ’s legitimacy , that made the president who politely ignored China hacking 25 million American citizens’ private data get tough on information security . Until now , states involved in    never got anything worse than a few    words of sour disapproval from the expiring administration    but the Russkies received a sprinkling of sanctions , and 35 diplomats were expelled .   Russia responded by unleashing an army of ducks and trolls from the depths of the Kremlin . The New Cold War is only a few days old , and it ’s already weirder than the old one was The New Cold War Presumably Obama thinks he ’s maneuvered Trump into a position that will Obama whatever rapprochement he might have entertained with Moscow more difficult , Obama at least more politically costly for the new President . The end result might be easier relations between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin , and a Trump of how little Barack Obama cared about cybersecurity until it was politically Obama him to freak out . Ban on oil drilling : Obama overt act of sabotage directed at the American economy itself , leaving an especially heavy bootprint on Alaska . Smug administration flacks spent the past couple of weeks assuring media talking heads that Obama ’s unprecedented abuse of an obscure law was impossible Obama his successor to reverse . It ’s like they stayed Obama all night , looking for executive actions that ca n’t be undone by the new President four weeks later . ( Amusingly , Obama dropped this bomb on our energy sector just a Obama weeks after publicly advising Trump not to abuse executive orders . ) It ’s likely that legions of lawyers will battle throughout 2017 , and perhaps beyond , to determine if Obama ’s " latest poke at Trump " ( as Obama put it ) really is irreversible Trump a lovely parting gift from the departing President to the country that elected him twice : a pile of gigantic    lawsuits !    land the departing President : The other theoretically irreversible presidential edict discovered by Obama ’s munchkins is the ability to designate national monuments Obama Another 1 . 65 million acres in Utah and Nevada was yanked off the market in the last week of December , bring Obama ’s Antiquities Act acreage up to an unprecedented 553 Obama . " This arrogant act by a lame duck president will not stand . I will work tirelessly with Congress and the incoming Trump administration to honor the will of the people of Utah and undo this designation , " thundered Senator Mike Lee of Utah Utah    percent of his state is now under the wise and Utah environmental protection of the Senator Mike Lee of Utah government that turned the Colorado River into a    dump . Eliminating the national immigration registry : Just in case Trump got any ideas about using it as the basis for the " enhanced vetting " he has promised for immigrants from    regions , the Obama administration killed Senator Mike Lee of Utah    program called NSEERS that once committed the unforgivable    sin of tracking    males from violently unstable    countries . It ’s highly debatable whether the NSEERS program was of any practical use . When it pulled the a   program called NSEERS that once committed the unforgivable   sin of tracking   males from violently unstable   countries Department of Homeland Security noted that the     program It for collecting data that is now routinely collected for most foreign visitors , along with more sophisticated biometric information . Almost everyone saw the elimination of these roles as a purely symbolic act   —    i. e. political sabotage directed at the incoming President .   The great Guantanamo jailbreak : After paying little more than lip service to his promise to close the Guantanamo Bay prison for much of his presidency , Obama The great Guantanamo jailbreak into overdrive in his last years , transferring over 150 The great Guantanamo jailbreak . A shocking number of them ended The great Guantanamo jailbreak back on the battlefield . Rep. Ed Royce ( ) of the 150 detainees Foreign Affairs Committee wrote a Wall Street Journal    this week to sound the alarm about Obama ’s " midnight push to empty out Guantanamo . "   " The White Obama has repeatedly released detainees to countries it knew lacked the intent and capability to keep the detainees from returning to terrorism The White House The results have been deadly , " Royce wrote , challenging the wisdom of such Obama administration brainstorms as dropping   ’s Rep. Ed Royce ( ) of the House Foreign Affairs Committee bomb maker into Bosnia , a country Obama " limited security services " but plenty of radical mosques and unemployed    males . Royce ’s committee has been investigating allegations the administration tried to pay the    $ Rep. Ed Royce ( ) of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , 000 to refrain from passing the Trump administration skills along to eager apprentices . Hunting down the rest of the transferred prisoners who transferred themselves right back into the global jihad will be a job for the Trump administration . the transferred prisoners who transferred themselves right back into the global jihad Depicting Trump ’s election as a disaster : Let ’s not forget Obama ’s acts of rhetorical sabotage , such as describing Trump ’s presidential campaign as a crime against American class and racial harmony , or his Trump’s that all hope was lost for America ’s children . Trump himself has taken Trump’s of the " many inflammatory President Obama statements and roadblocks . " Trump’s hard to remember a previous instance of the outgoing president attacking the legitimacy of his successor this way , especially during the transition , before the new chief executive has actually done Trump’s . And it ’s probably not over yet . The time for big executive orders is growing short , but Obama is always just one day away from calling a press conference and saying something else that will Obama the transition more difficult .   Of course he can still talk all he wants after January 20th , and he ’s given every indication he Obama n’t follow the dignified Obama of his predecessors and allow the Obama president time to chart Obama own course , but there ’s no Obama for the bully pulpit of the presidency . The Obama of Barack Obama ’s political voice will Obama different on his presidency than it was on January 19th . More likely than not , he ’ll use it before he loses it . 
 Obama Obama it it 