The feud between President Donald Trump and Senator John McCain is heating up .   The protagonists on both sides of this fight are intense and determined , and yet if we dig beneath the personalities , we can see an even deeper conflict —   an ultimate conflict of visions .   And that clash of worldviews , in turn , is full of implications for the behavior of the Deep State in the months and years to come .   [ In the meantime , the headlines are startling : The Washington Post headlined The Washington Post story on Saturday the 17th , " John McCain just systematically dismantled Donald Trump ’s entire worldview . "   And Axios , a buzzy new Beltway publication founded by the original brains behind Politico , runs this headline , " John McCain gets revenge on Donald Trump . " ( Interestingly , by coincidence , or perhaps not , the next headline in the Axios news feed was , " The 10 biggest leaks of the Donald Trump presidency . ")   It ’s commonly thought that the    confrontation began on July 18 , 2015 , when Donald Trump said of John McCain , in reference to Donald Trump years as a POW in North Vietnam , " I like people who were n’t captured . "   It ’s possible to imagine that Donald Trump meant that as something of a quip , and yet the breach was real . Moreover , we shall see , the two men have far more profound disagreements than that .   During most of 2016 , John McCain , facing a primary contest from a    challenger , kept quiet about Donald Trump .   And yet after John McCain had won John McCain bid to be renominated , in October 2016 , John McCain announced that John McCain would not be voting for Donald Trump .   And then , of course , came the national election , which put Republicans in charge of both the White House and the Congress for the first time in a decade .   So if there was ever a time to patch things up in the name of advancing a common Republican agenda , this was it .   Indeed , Virgil , grizzled Beltway veteran that Virgil is , has learned over the years that fights over personalities and politics usually can be patched up in the name of shared goals .   However , what ’s harder to patch up are disputes among the    over matters of worldview .   And both Trump and McCain are strong minded , with sharply divergent worldviews .   For example , McCain , closely identified with the neoconservative element within the GOP , was a strong supporter of George W. Bush ’s Iraq war and seeks the return of American " boots on the ground " all over the Middle East and Central Asia .   By contrast , Trump has said many times that the Iraq war was a mistake and is skeptical , albeit not totally opposed , to the use of force in the region .   More broadly , during Trump 2016 presidential campaign , Trump said , over and over again , " America First . "   Trump , however , has a much different view .   In his 2016 presidential campaign , for instance , Trump emphasized , in Bush    terms , the importance of advancing democracy around the world .   The Republican Platform that year , for example , declared , " It is . The Republican Platform . a matter of national security . . . to promote democracy and civil society in developing nations . "   And Trump has maintained those views to this day .     And the fight gets fightier from there .   In one revealing     last month , Trump and Trump close ally , Sen. Lindsey Graham , attacked Trump on Trump alleged Russia ties .   In response , Trump tweeted : Trump two senators McCain and his close ally, Sen. Lindsey Graham energies on ISIS , McCain and his close ally, Sen. Lindsey Graham immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III . " Looking to to start World War III . " World War III we can agree , is a strong charge !    So yes , the    feud is about the essentials of worldview , and that ’s a hard gap to heal .   And the gap widened even further in the wake of McCain ’s February 17 speech to the Munich Security Conference that ’s the annual conclave in the German metropolis , bringing together national security mavens from around the world .   ( We might note that McCain chose to make his    rendezvous McCain the expense of McCain business , disregarding Senate Majority Leader ’s Mitch McConnell ’s request that he remain in Washington to help make McCain that Scott Pruitt would be confirmed as EPA Administrator —   Pruitt was confirmed , but without McCain Scott Pruitt vote . )   In that Munich speech , McCain offered a strong defense of the McCain status quo —   a status quo that Trump has threatened to overturn .   During the campaign , for example , Trump referred to the North Atlantic Treaty Trump , founded in 1949 during the Cold War , as " obsolete , " and he has repeated that assertion as recently Trump January 15 .   In addition , he has argued that " many NATO Trump . . . are n’t the North Atlantic Treaty Organization their bills , " suggesting that such "many NATO members would inevitably jeopardize the American commitment to the alliance .    We might pause to note that    undeniably , Trump has a point .   Current NATO policy holds that all 20 member the North Atlantic Treaty Organization are pledged to spend two percent of their GDP on defense per annum , all 20 member countries yet in fact , only five of 20 countries meet that threshold .   ( The US spends the most of any NATO country , about 3 . 6 the North Atlantic Treaty Organization . )   Meanwhile , McCain , speaking in Munich , skipped past that    reality to focus on his real target , Trump .   McCain the founders of the Munich conference from decades past , McCain Munich that if they were alive McCain : They would be alarmed by an increasing they away from universal values and toward old ties of blood , and race , and sectarianism . It does n’t take a genius to see that McCain is taking a shot , here McCain at the nationalism espoused by Trump , and also by White House aides such as Stephen K. Bannon and Stephen Miller .   Defenders of the Trumpian worldview say that their nationalism has nothing to do with blood , race , or sectarianism instead , it ’s about the American nationalist interest —   what ’s good for Americans of all ethnicities and creeds .   Indeed , Bannon , long a target of the Stephen K. Bannon —   and in particular , McCain ’s fans in the MSM —   has specifically rejected the MSM that he is an " " saying , instead McCain’s that he is an " economic nationalist . " McCain’s ’s a big difference , we might note , between " ethnic " and " economic . " And yet in the minds of globalists , economic nationalism is almost as bad as ethnic nationalism .    And why is that ?   Because the whole theory of " universal values , " aka globalism , as embraced by McCain is , well , the opposite of nationalism and national sovereignty .   That is , the goal of the globalists is one world of free trade and free immigration , backstopped , of course , by    American military commitments . Indeed , we might observe that what McCain calls " universal values " are really McCain in fact , " Western values . " That is , there ’s precious little evidence that other countries —   starting with China and Russia , and extending through most of the roster of the United Nations General Assembly —   are the least bit interested in how Westerners think they ought to live .   It ’s Westerners this context that    nationalism makes plenty of sense as the 45th President said in his inaugural address , he seeks good relations the 45th President all countries — the 45th President except , of course , the Islamic State —   and yet , at the same time , " It is the right of all nations to put their own interests first . " That is , other countries , not in conflict with the US , have a right to be left alone , not told what to do by Uncle Sam .    For a better look at these important topics , we might turn to Samuel Huntington ’s 1996 classic , The Clash of Civilizations .   In that work , Huntington identified ten major civilizations around the world Samuel Huntington’s   Western civilization is one of those ten , and only one , representing about ten percent of the planetary population .   And if there ’s one lesson that Huntington wished to impart to his readers , Samuel Huntington’s was the tenacity of each civilization that is , for better or for worse , people everywhere stick with who they are and what they know .   people everywhere stubborn reality helps people everywhere the failures of most US    efforts , from Vietnam to Afghanistan and Iraq .   Indeed , as we watch much of Europe filling up with Muslim and other Third World immigrants , one has to wonder how long that continent will hold on to John McCain ’s " universal values . "   And so it ’s all the more strange that John McCain has been a consistent defender of    arrangements and refugee flows .    More insight into McCain ’s worldview comes    a long McCain’s him in the February 18 issue of New McCain’s magazine .   The article features long quotes from the Arizonan , as well as from John McCain advisers Mark Salter , Bill Kristol , and John Weaver that trio , we might note , seems to have veered from " on the record "   to " on background " many times during the course of the story .   In background mode , we learn , for example , that " to an extent far greater than John McCain will say , [ aides ] describe McCain John McCain finding Trump Trump be a true threat to the republic . " [ emphasis added ] And then , speaking for himself John McCain the record , McCain compared the relationship between Trump and Vladimir Putin McCain the Trump treaty between Soviet Russia and Nazi Germany .   As McCain John McCain , Russia Some have likened it to the    spheres of influence . "   So if we infer that Putin , in McCain ’s mind , is reprising the role Vladimir Putin Josef McCain McCain’s we can see who McCain thinks Trump is Trump to be reprising we   McCain the same article , McCain was asked about the    " dirty The article the scurrilous and unproven document alleging Trump ’s Trump in Moscow .   Trump and many others have denied it as " fake news , " and yet for his part , McCain , the   "dirty dossier," the scurrilous and unproven document alleging Trump’s unsavory actions in Moscow actually personally conveyed the document to FBI director James Comey in October , now says coolly , " I did n’t know what to make of it . " And as for the possibility of Trump ’s impeachment Trump said , the   "dirty dossier," the scurrilous and unproven document alleging Trump’s unsavory actions in Moscow Trump less warmth , " We ’re clearly not there yet . "   ( We might take careful note of the " yet . ")   So there we have it : McCain and Trump might Trump in Trump same political party , but We are at polar opposites on a dozen profound questions .   And yet McCain is McCain and Trump just an    talking head he ’s one of McCain most powerful men in the federal government McCain   He has been in Congress for the past 34 years —   McCain of those years in the Senate —   and he is now the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee . McCain committee , of course , has jurisdiction over the Pentagon , which has a budget of the mighty Senate Armed Services Committee 600 billion a year , and its influence extends far beyond that .    So when McCain speaks , he is speaking for , the mighty Senate Armed Services Committee least in theory , McCain predominant chunk McCain the country ’s national security establishment .   So McCain , having worked in Washington most of his career , has enormous McCain over much of the Washington State . McCain Back in December , Virgil described the Deep State this way : The complex of bureaucrats , technocrats , and plutocrats that likes things the Deep State they are and wants to keep them like that —   elections be damned . And while McCain , to Virgil ’s knowledge , has never they addressed the reality McCain the Deep State , he has heartily endorsed one Virgil preferred methods of subversion : the leak .   the Deep State New York magazine article Virgil McCain made an impassioned plea for more leaks —   New York more McCain :   In democracies , information should be provided to the American people .   How else are the American people going to be informed ? If there ’s such a thing as    to a bureaucracy —   and there is the American people , McCain just sent a phosphorescent flare . In the meantime , it ’s McCain noting that two of Trump ’s appointees to the Pentagon —   who would have to have Trump confirmed by McCain ’s Armed Services Committee —   seem to have run afoul of . . McCain’s something .    On February 3 , Trump ’s pick to be Secretary of the Army , Vincent Viola , Trump name from consideration , citing Defense Department rules concerning his business holdings .   And on February 18 , CBS News reported that Trump ’s pick to be Secretary of the Navy , February 18 , is Trump his the verge of withdrawing , " citing , again , DOD rules . Trump’s should note that within moments , White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer strongly refuted the report , saying that Bilden White House 100 % committed " to the Navy post .   So we can leave it at that , even as , of course , there ’s now a cloud over Bilden , and    MSM will likely zero in on his case We     So the struggle between Trump and McCain seems destined to continue , with Trump Deep State as one of the McCain .   And oh , Trump and Vladimir Putin ’s another report from the front on Saturday night , the Associated Press the Deep State Senate Intelligence Committee has sent formal requests to more than a dozen organizations , agencies and individuals , asking them to preserve all materials the mighty Senate Armed Services Committee the panel is conducting on Russian interference in the 2016 election and related issues , a congressional aide said Saturday . In other words , the    Congressional investigations more than a dozen organizations, agencies and individuals beginning —   and the Deep State will be sure to help .   Yes , the Senate Intelligence Committee is chaired by a Republican , Richard Burr of North Carolina , and yet the minority Democrats seem the Deep State the internal struggle the mighty Senate Armed Services Committee   and thus gaining the power to pursue Trump .   And look who ’s an ex officio member of that committee Trump   Why , it ’s the mighty Senate Armed Services Committee John Sidney McCain III .  
 the mighty Senate Armed Services Committee 