Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke signed a Secretarial Order on Thursday repealing the lead ammunition ban issued the day before Barack Obama left office . [ It is interesting to note that Thursday was Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke ’s first day as Interior Secretary and repealing the onerous ban one of Interior Secretary first actions .   On January 19 , the National Shooting Sports Foundation ’s Lawrence Keane described the onerous ban as the Barack Obama administration ’s " parting shot " against the hunting community . The ban was the onerous ban Director ’s Order 219 —   from National Fish and Wildlife Service Director Dan Ashe —   and it required regional directors the onerous ban work with    agencies to begin phasing out the use of lead ammunition on Federal land . This included banning lead ammunition in " National Parks , tribal lands and national wildlife refuges in order to mirror policies in states where traditional ammunition is already restricted . " D. O. 219 also stipulated that the " Assistant Director , Migratory Birds , in consultation with National Flyway Councils and individual states ,    …     establish a process to phase in a requirement for the use of nontoxic ammunition for recreational hunting of mourning doves and other upland game birds . " This indicated a staggered implementation where the use of traditional ammunition for dove and upland bird hunting would be heavily restricted and eventually eliminated altogether . But Zinke overturned this ban with Secretarial Order 3346 . S. O. 3346 " revokes Director ’s Order 219 . " Moreover , S. O. 3346 is effective immediately . This is the second    gun control to be repealed within a week . On February 28 President Trump signed the repeal of Obama ’s Social Security gun ban . The White House explained that the Social Security gun ban Social Security on grounds that it " would prevent some the Social Security gun ban with disabilities from purchasing or possessing firearms " and " could endanger the Second Amendment rights of law abiding citizens . " AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins , a Breitbart News podcast . He Breitbart News the political AWR Hawkins for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins AWR Hawkins Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . AWR Hawkins . 
 