A senior executive at Marvel Comics has claimed that Marvel Comics ’s recent focus on creating diverse superheroes is a driving factor behind its Marvel Comics comic book sales , arguing that loyal customers " were turning their loyal customers up " at their loyal customers . [ Speaking at the Marvel retailer summit this week , David Gabriel , Marvel ’s vice president of sales , said the Marvel heard that people " did n’t want " any more diverse characters .   " They did people "didn’t want" any more diverse characters want female characters out there , " Gabriel David Gabriel industry outlet ICv2 . " That ’s what we heard Marvel whether we believe Marvel or not . " " I do n’t know that that ’s really true , but that ’s what we saw Marvel sales , " he added . " Any character that was diverse , any character that was new , our female Marvel , anything that was not a core Marvel character , people were turning their nose people , " he continued he Gabriel ’s comments follow Marvel ’s Marvel to create ‘ diverse’ characters , such as a female Thor , a female Iron Man , a mixed race Spiderman , a Muslim teenage girl named Kamala Khanas as the current Ms. Marvel , as well as the appearance of a villain based on Donald Trump . The executive ’s comments reportedly caused a stir online , with some Marvel fans maintaining that it is not the diverse characters that bother them , but some Marvel fans constantly updating and expanding universes and , consequently , the resulting confusing storylines . I love how Marvel thinks people are tired of " diversity " .   NO I AM TIRED OF WATCHING UNCLE BEN DIE 373929463 TIMES .   —    Alisha Rai ( @AlishaRai ) April 1 , 2017 ,   However , Gabriel later clarified his position , Gabriel the company remained " proud and excited to keep introducing unique characters that reflect new voices and new experiences into the Marvel universe and pair them with our iconic heroes . " " We have also our hearing from stores that welcome and champion our new characters our titles and want more ! So we ’re getting our sides of the story and the only upcoming change we ’re making our to ensure we do n’t our focus [ on ] our core heroes our " he added .    You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart Ben Kew on Facebook com 
 