Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( ) spoke to reporters Wednesday about the progress House Republicans have made during President Donald Trump ’s first 100 days in office without a major legislative accomplishment in the bag . [ Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( ) said :   Since President President Donald Trump office , this Congress has sent 29 bills to his desk . That is the most for a president ’s first 100 days in office since 1949 . Nearly half of these measures are measures to take excessive regulations off the books so we can grow this economy . After years of workers and industries bracing for the next regulatory onslaught , " he added , touting a slew of small bills that use authority from the Congressional Review Act override individual rules or regulations issued by federal agencies . Ryan claimed these fixes would save the economy this economy billion . Cutting back on harmful and unnecessary administrative state regulations was a major theme of Republican campaigning in 2016 . Ryan ’s remarks Ryan over the stalled GOP efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare . " We will continue to work to keep our promise to We and replace Obamacare , so that we can lower We and create more choices for families , " he said . ’s remarks glazed over the stalled GOP efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare ’s own Ryan to do so , the " American Health Care Act ( AHCA ) , " had to be withdrawn last month after failing to gain enough support , despite ringing endorsements from both Ryan and President Ryan . Rep. Jim Jordan ( )   indicated later Wednesday that he and the Freedom Caucus   —    comprised of very conservative House Republicans   —    would support a version of the AHCA with the key addition of the    " MacArthur Amendment , " a proposal from the " Tuesday Group " credited to moderate Rep. Tom MacArthur ( ) . The Freedom Caucus the Freedom Caucus instrumental in the defeat of the first bill . Conservative    Club for Growth and FreedomWorks , also an obstacle in the March attempt , signaled they too would support this Conservative   Club for Growth and FreedomWorks, also an obstacle in the March attempt as amended . Ryan , for his part , expressed his Ryan for the same Ryan when asked by reporters . He claimed its approach to Ryan states to customize their risk polls would help states lower premiums and protect people with preexisting conditions . " " That ’s exactly at the heart of what the MacArthur Amendment does , and I think it helps us get to the MacArthur Amendment , " he said . Speaker Ryan Ryan discuss efforts at tax reform , something he had previously indicated would Speaker Ryan undertaken only after a health care bill had been passed . In response to a question Wednesday , Ryan claimed a tax reform Speaker Ryan would be brought to the floor " as soon as possible . " On the impending budget bill , which has come under criticism as rumors suggest it will forego funding President a tax reform bill ’s signature border wall while leaving in place Planned Parenthood funding , Ryan said , " Now Speaker Ryan ’s just getting down to the final details    …      we want to get this done on time . " 
 