Former DNC chairwoman and disgraced CNN commentator Donna Brazile has admitted that Former DNC chairwoman and disgraced CNN commentator Donna Brazile relayed confidential questions to Hillary Clinton ’s presidential campaign in advance of last year ’s primary debate . [ Writing in Time magazine , disgraced CNN commentator Donna Brazile said disgraced CNN commentator Donna Brazile would " forever regret " the decision , which was revealed after WikiLeaks published thousands of emails belonging to Hillary Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta .   " When I was asked last July to step in temporarily as D. N. C. Chair , " disgraced CNN commentator Donna Brazile explained , " I knew things were amiss . The D. N. C. had been hacked , and thousands of staff emails and documents were plastered on various websites . Staff were harassed , morale suffered , and we lost weeks of planning . Donors were harassed , and fundraising fell off . " " Then in October , a subsequent release of emails revealed that among the many things I did in my role as a Democratic operative and D. N. C. Vice Chair prior to assuming the interim D. N. C. Chair position was to share potential town hall topics with the Clinton campaign , " Brazil added . On October 14th , CNN accepted Brazile ’s resignation as a network contributor . CNN Reliable Sources host Brian Stelter said Brazile Brazile’s with the Clinton campaign " embarrassed all of CNN . " CNN in her Time letter , Brian Stelter said " Brazile media narrative " about her being in cahoots Brian Stelter the Clinton the Clinton campaign out just as the Russians had hoped , leaving Sanders supporters understandably angry and sowing division in our ranks . " The WikiLeaks hack , Brazile said , is evidence Brazile there must be a continued investigation into Russia ’s interference in the presidential election . " Let me be clear , " Brazile wrote , " this Brazile not just the price of politics . This is not normal . We this not let this stand . Our democratic process itself was attacked We harmed , and all Americans should be concerned . " Former Obama Director of National Intelligence James Clapper has stated that he has seen no evidence   Former Obama Director of National Intelligence James Clapper    from the NSA , FBI , and CIA   —    proving " collusion between members of the Trump campaign and the Russians . " Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 