WASHINGTON   —    When Donald J. Trump first tried a few years ago to line up a speaking slot at the marquee event for the conservative grass roots , the Conservative Political Action Conference , the organizers almost rejected Donald J. Trump because the organizers thought Donald J. Trump was a fraud who only wanted a platform to promote Donald J. Trump hotels , casinos , neckties and golf courses . Stephen K. Bannon , then the head of Breitbart News , found Stephen K. Bannon, then the head of Breitbart News essentially blacklisted from the gathering , known as CPAC . So Stephen K. Bannon, then the head of Breitbart News started a rival conference called The Uninvited and ran a rival conference called The Uninvited out of a hotel down the street . With Mr. Trump now ensconced in the Oval Office and Mr. Bannon , Mr. Trump chief strategist , right down the hall , it is hardly in dispute who won the fight for control of the Republican Party . But there are still much bigger questions about whether Mr. Trump , who has never claimed to be a conservative but so far has governed conspicuously to the right , will ultimately be loyal to conservatives’ agenda . Mr. Trump does not dwell on policy , right or left . Mr. Trump prefers the transactional to the ideological . And for conservatives devoted to a cause that is fundamentally about ideas , the distance between the new president and the movement Mr. Trump overtook continues to loom as a red flag . That gap has been partly obscured by Mr. Trump first moves as president   —    trying to bar visitors from seven largely Muslim countries , scaling back Wall Street regulations , restricting federal funding that could go to abortion overseas and nominating a judge to the Supreme Court who is adored by conservatives . But some in the movement are unlikely ever to be totally at ease . And Mr. Trump may never fully be at ease with many of them . " With Mr. Trump , I do feel Mr. Trump instincts are conservative I do feel Mr. Trump understands the practical implications of an incompetent and inefficient government , " said Mr. Schlapp . This time , Mr. Trump has been extended an invitation and is expected to speak . Still , with regard to conservatism , Mr. Schlapp added , " I ’m not so sure he understands all the tenets and the philosophical background . " Other Republican presidents have disappointed conservatives Mr. Schlapp major policy moves , from Dwight D. Eisenhower ’s preservation of New Deal programs to Richard M. Nixon ’s regulatory agenda to the elder George Bush ’s reversal on his " no new taxes " pledge . But Mr. Trump , who considers himself the consummate the elder George Bush maker , faces gnawing suspicions that he will find it easy to cut bargains that betray conservative principles . " I think it himself safe to say that on the issues that are important to movement conservatives , the president ’s actions since the inauguration have significantly reduced concerns by conservatives , " said Morton Blackwell , a longtime conservative activist who served as Ronald Reagan ’s liaison to conservative activists Mr. Blackwell . " What makes some especially wary of Mr. Trump , said Grover Norquist , the veteran    activist and conservative leader , is how uninterested the president seems in their ideas . " They do n’t think he ’d ever read their novel , their policy paper , their magazine article Mr. Trump    or even listen to them for more than five minutes , " he said . Republicans remain traumatized by presidents Grover Norquist, the veteran   activist and conservative leader believe governed too Grover Norquist, the veteran   activist and conservative leader to the left the president promises to do Grover Norquist, the veteran   activist and conservative leader opposite . Grover Norquist, the veteran   activist and conservative leader They ’re used Grover Norquist, the veteran   activist and conservative leader sending senators , governors , congressmen into Washington and Grover Norquist, the veteran   activist and conservative leader of seeing a sewer , they see the president hot tub that they want to jump Republicans , " Mr. Norquist said . Mr. Trump has , however , given conservatives plenty Republicans reasons to temper their concerns . Beyond the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court Republicans the flurry of executive orders Republicans he has assembled a cabinet that the American Conservative Union deemed the most conservative of any Republican president , based on ratings given conservatives the appointees who were members of Congress . The group scores lawmakers on a     scale of conservatism . And the Mr. Trump House members and senators Mr. Trump has selected for his cabinet were among the most conservative on Capitol Hill , earning an average score of 90 . 6 . " I a cabinet that the American Conservative Union deemed the most conservative of any Republican president, based on ratings given to the appointees who were members of Congress a pattern , " Mr. Schlapp said , " where I can more comfortably say he ’s governing like a conservative . senators Mr. Trump But many of the biggest items on the conservative checklist remain in flux   —    the repeal and replacement of the Affordable Care Act and an overhaul of the tax code being chief among them . And Mr. Schlapp remains in doubt whether Mr. Trump , whose White House has ricocheted from one distraction to the next in its first few weeks , will retain enough credibility with lawmakers to accomplish those goals . " I think now the question is the biggest items on the conservative checklist Can we get a lot of this stuff done ? " said William Kristol , a frequent Trump critic and editor at whose White House of The Weekly Standard . The risk for conservative policy , he said , is that the circuslike atmosphere around the White House will end up shattering Mr. Trump ’s relationship with Republican lawmakers . " And if it really is a circus , you do n’t want to be just another clown inside the tent , William Kristol, a frequent Trump critic and editor at large of The Weekly Standard Mr. Kristol added . One reason that some conservatives believe Mr. Trump ’s support from Trump its loyal lawmakers is so fragile is that it has been predicated on the sugar high of an election everyone told them they could not win against an opponent they loathed . " I think the majority of conservatives celebrating Trump were really celebrating Hillary ’s defeat , the movement said Al Cardenas , a former chairman the movement the American Conservative Union . " And he was the conduit for some conservatives some conservatives . " There are also serious some conservatives questions that trouble conservatives , foremost among them what might conservatives to the federal deficit if Mr. Trump embarks on a plan to spend $ 1 trillion on revamping the nation ’s infrastructure   — conservatives a deal that many defeat eager to strike with him . That is where Mr. Trump ’s brand of transactional conservatives could become a liability . " That was sort of the point of view of the tentative Trump supporters   —    you can do transactional politics with them , " said Rich Lowry , the editor conservatives National Review . But the Mr. Trump hardly guaranteed to come out on the winning end of the transaction every time . 
 Mr. Trump the tentative Trump supporters   