Despite months of clear bilateral focus from the White House and the apparently death of the controversial Transatlantic Trade Investment Partnership ( TTIP ) speaker of the House of Representatives Paul Ryan used a political speech in London to claim the deal was progressing . [ Speaking at an event hosted by establishment think tank Policy Exchange on Wednesday evening attended by several members of the UK Parliament , Paul Ryan talked up future trade deals with Britain   —    but also brought up the secretly negotiated TTIP trade arrangement with the European Union that many considered dead with the arrival of President Trump , and had been the subject of major protests across Europe . Paul Ryan said :   Now that Article 50 has been invoked , the UK and EU will determine the best path forward over the course of negotiations . We want the parties to come together and strike a lasting agreement . A strong    relationship is in all of We best interests . In that same vein , We will continue to work closely with our EU We , and chart a path forward on    negotiations . At the same time , we are We to work with President Trump and your government to achieve a bilateral trade agreement between the United We Britain . This is one of the bipartisan messages I bring with me : that the United States stands We a new trade agreement with Great Britain as soon as possible Great Britain that we may further tap into the great potential between our people . One of those who sounded the    of TTIP was Professor Ted Malloch , the man widely regarded as Trump ’s pick for ambassador to the European Union , who spoke on the Breitbart Daily Show in January to give his perspective . Giving a blunt   Trump’s the health prospects of the trade negotiations that would have seen the secretive and undemocratic agreement , Professor Malloch said : " TTIP is a    it is n’t going to happen in TTIP Trump world . " The European Union itself , which has pressed for TTIP to be passed despite years of TTIP negotiations , may find themselves surprised by the apparent reversal of The European Union itself, which has pressed for TTIP to be passed despite years of fruitless negotiations claimed by Speaker Ryan . The bloc had conceded defeat on the matter with the election of President Trump as early as last year , reported Breitbart London , with EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmström remarking it would make no sense to expect further talks on the issue .  
 