ABC ’s hit comedy series    kicked off ABC ’s third    premiere Wednesday night with an emotional    episode that calls Donald Trump the " devil , " casts Donald Trump voters as racists and questions if Dr. Ben Carson is really black . [ Set two months after the election , an emotional   episode that calls Donald Trump the "devil sees Johnson family patriarch Dre ( Anthony Anderson ) walk in on his Johnson family patriarch Dre (Anthony Anderson) Rainbow mourning Hillary Clinton ’s election loss   —    she Johnson family patriarch Dre (Anthony Anderson) dressed in a gay pride scarf , a Democratic Party    with a Black Lives Matter button on it   —    and his children Andre Jr. ( Marcus Scribner ) and Zoey ( Yara Shahidi ) enjoying a vacation from school , which gave every student a " day of reflection . "   The episode ’s most contentious conversation is set at a roundtable boardroom at Dre ’s advertising agency office . Most of the heated debate focuses on Lucy ( Catherine Reitman ) who is white , defending her Lucy (Catherine Reitman) who is white for Trump against Dre , Daphne ( Wanda Sykes ) Josh ( Jeff Meacham ) Stevens , ( Peter Mackenzie ) and Curtis ( Allen Maldonado ) . " That    white woman could have been the first female president , " Daphne Daphne (Wanda Sykes) . " Can someone explain how 53 percent of white women voted for the orange p*ssy grabber ? Lucy , I mean , as a resident white woman , if there was ever a cue for you to talk , it would be now . " " Why did n’t your sisters turn out for Hillary , " Daphne Daphne (Wanda Sykes) . " Why is she Daphne (Wanda Sykes) staring at me Daphne (Wanda Sykes) " " Well , first , white women are n’t sisters . We hate each other . Second , if you must know , I voted for Trump , " Lucy Lucy , much to the horror of the entire office . Daphne Daphne (Wanda Sykes) back : " Fine , as long as she Daphne (Wanda Sykes) that a vote for Trump Trump a vote for racism . " Possibly the most heated office debate you ’ll ever see . # blackish pic . twitter .    —      ( @black_ishABC ) January 12 , 2017 ,   At this point , Stevens   —    the ad agency ’s bigoted , white , misogynistic chief executive   —    chimes in to lecture Lucy about abandoning women . " Lucy Lucy you sound stupid , okay ? " Stevens says . " There ’s all this    about female empowerment , and still you do n’t care enough to elect the first female president ? " " Of course I want a female president . I just did n’t want it to be her Lucy " Lucy Lucy of Clinton . " You guys just said that you would ’ve voted for anyone who was black , but what if instead of Obama , it was Clarence Thomas or Herman Cain or Ben Carson ? " Lucy Lucy . " Oh , God , no . " Daphne said . " Definitely not that fool , " Dre added . " Dude is a weirdo , " Curtis said . " Yeah , exactly , " Lucy Lucy . " Well , in my mind , Hillary Clinton is the Ben Carson of white women . " Is Ben the Ben Carson black ? " Dre Dre .   Turning their attention back to Trump Daphne , Daphne But Trump ’s a misogynist Trump I mean ,     boob jokes , the Miss Universe comments , the p*ssy grabbing ? Man , totally ruined Tic Tacs for me . " " Look , " Lucy said , " as stupid as those comments were , and they were , at those comments were I know he says what ’s Lucy his mind . Who Lucy what Hillary ’s actually thinking ? What was she even about ? Hillary " Oh , my God . Stop it ! What was even even about ? Hillary was the most Hillary candidate to ever run for president , " Josh explained . " Look , I ’ll admit , I do n’t think Donald Trump is a great guy , " Lucy said , " Lucy , he is the devil Donald Trump and I should know , " Stevens added . It ’s here that Lucy attempts to explain Lucy reasons for voting Lucy Trump and why she Donald Trump n’t support Lucy . " But look , Hillary ’s no angel Lucy either . I ’m not some crazy    nut , you guys . I voted for Obama twice . I even got my Republican parents to vote for him . He felt Republican . Republican believed he was gon na Republican stuff . He did ! " Republican explained . " Lucy it ’s eight years later , and my dad ’s still out of work , my hometown ’s about Lucy under , and Hillary comes out saying she Lucy basically gon na Lucy everything the same . I ’m sorry , but that ’m n’t work for me or my family . " " Okay , I hear what you ’re saying . But what about all the other families that are gon na be affected   —    Gay families , Muslim families , immigrant families ? " Josh asked . Enter Connor , Stevens’ laughably unqualified son and heir apparent . " And we ’re in here fighting against the greatness of America again , are n’t we ? " Connor asked we making a Connor for why Trump may turn out to be a very successful president . " I ’m sorry , but just think about it for a second . This country at its core is just a it . I mean , I know we do n’t like to think of it that way , but This country at its core is a corporation , America ? It ’s the world ’s America and most important corporation , " he says . " So is it so crazy to think that maybe a businessman , who runs big corporations , might not be such a bad idea ? " " He runs them into the he , maybe a businessman, who runs big corporations Daphne responds . " That idiot goes bankrupt like Khloé Kardashian changes black dudes . " Dre , having heard enough , gave an emotional speech about how he ’s " terrified " he Trump . " I love this country as much if not more than you do and do n’t you ever forget that . " # blackish pic . twitter .    —      ( @black_ishABC ) January 12 , 2017 ,     writer and show runner Kenya Barris addressed the episode on Instagram writing , " This was my first attempt at    and I feel so    and fortunate to have been able to have the opportunity to do it with the talented cast This crew , and writers that I work with everyday and call my family . THANK YOU ALL ! ! ! " Last season , the Golden    show tackled police brutality and the criminal justice system in America .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 