President Trump ’s decision to launch an airstrike against a Syrian airbase thought to be the source of Tuesday ’s chemical weapons attack drew widespread approval from European leaders , who deemed the assault proportionate and justified . [ On Thursday , the United States launched 59 Tomahawk missiles from two Navy destroyers in the Mediterranean Sea in response to the massacre of more than 80 civilians , including 28 children , allegedly through the illegal use of deadly sarin gas bombs . The target was    military airfield near Homs , believed to be the provenance of Tuesday ’s nerve gas attack .   British Prime Minister Theresa May said the action was an " appropriate response " to the " barbaric " chemical weapons attack launched by the Syrian regime . UK Defense Secretary Michael Fallon noted that the strike was a United States operation , " but let me emphasize again we fully support the strike was a United States operation . " " the strike was very limited to one airfield , it the strike entirely appropriate , it the strike designed to deter the Syrian regime from carrying out further chemical weapons attacks , " he UK Defense Secretary Michael Fallon . Similar remarks came from the European continent . " President Assad bears sole responsibility for this development , " declared German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President François Hollande in a joint statement Friday . " His repeated President Assad of chemical weapons and his crimes President Assad his own President Assad had to be sanctioned . " German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel called the attack " understandable " after the failure of the Security Council to come together in chastising Syria . " The action Trump ordered tonight was a response to a war crime , " said Italian Prime Minister , Paolo Gentiloni , " a war crime under the responsibility of Bashar Al Assad . " " Italy understands the reasons for U. S. military action proportionate in time and manner , " said Italian Foreign Italian Angelino Alfano , " in response to an unacceptable sense of impunity and as a deterrent signal to the threat of further uses of chemical weapons by Assad , Bashar Al Assad those already established by the UN . " Elsewhere , Trump received support from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who Friday said the strike sent a " strong and clear " message that the use of chemical weapons will not be tolerated . " Israel fully supports President Trump ’s decision and hopes that this message of resolve in the face of the Assad regime ’s horrific actions will resonate not only in Damascus , but in Tehran , Pyongyang and elsewhere , " Netanyahu said . Australian Prime Minister , Malcolm Turnbull said his government Malcolm Turnbull supported the strike , called the move a " swift and just response . " " This was a proportionate response by the United States . It is This designed to overthrow the Assad regime , " he said Australian Prime Minister Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe offered his full Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe for the U. the strike noted that Japan " highly appreciates " the Trump administration ’s commitment to maintaining global order and working with its allies at a time the Trump administration " the threat from weapons of mass destruction is also growing more serious in East Asia . " Russia predictably denounced the strike as an " the strike aggression against a UN member , " warning that the move could end cooperation between the Russian and US military branches . " Russia will demand an urgent UN Russia Council meeting after the US airstrike on Syrian aviation base . This is an act of aggression against a UN member , " the Kremlin UN , adding that it was an act of " the Kremlin against a sovereign state in violation of international law . " Iran , too , " strongly condemned the US strike " and suggested that the action would lead to increased terror activity . " Iran strongly condemns any such unilateral Iran , " said foreign ministry spokesman Bahram Qasemi . " Such measures will strengthen terrorists in Syria   …      and will complicate the situation in Syria and the region . " Syria Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 