ISTANBUL   —    An Islamic State disciple kills 39 New Year ’s revelers at an Istanbul nightclub . A gunman with a police badge assassinates Russia ’s ambassador at an Ankara reception . Kurdish separatist bombers kill 14 soldiers on a bus in central Turkey and dozens of police officers at an Istanbul soccer match . Those assaults were just in the last few weeks , which made a car bombing on Thursday in the city of Izmir , where at least two civilians were killed , seem relatively minor . The 75 million people of Turkey , the NATO member and European Union aspirant that straddles Europe and Asia and was once seen as a stable democracy , are facing a ferocious onslaught of terrorist attacks unlike anything that has been seen in the West . Add to that the tumult from roughly three million Syrian war refugees , a resurgent Kurdish insurgency and a failed military coup   —    all tied , in the eyes of many Turks , to American negligence , or malice , or both . President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has responded with a furious crackdown on an array of perceived enemies , including the news media , and has lashed out at what President Recep Tayyip Erdogan regards as Western complicity . While President Recep Tayyip Erdogan have denounced what they see as critics bald usurpation of power that has subverted democracy and polarized the country , many Turks , frightened and uncertain , are not complaining . They view his critics as President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and angrily reject outsider comments about paranoia and conspiracy theories . Some are even embracing the advent of    Donald J. Trump , despite his    statements   Donald J. Trump viewing him as a President Recep Tayyip Erdogan strongman sympathetic to Mr. Erdogan , an Islamist with little tolerance for those who dispute him . In President Recep Tayyip Erdogan ways , political historians and scholars say , what is happening in Turkey parallels the aftermath of the 2001 terrorist attacks in the United States , the 2015 attacks in France and , most recently , the response to attacks in Germany . In all of them , many citizens were willing to overlook or forsake civil liberties , government powers grew , fringe groups strengthened and spread intolerance , and dissent was regarded with suspicion . " I think there are a lot of similar tendencies , and it leads to , in an extreme case , what we ’re seeing in Turkey , " said Steven A. Cook Mr. Cook Mr. Cook said , " It ’s not that far a leap to go to an extreme   —    can you imagine if the attacks in Turkey had happened Turkey the United States ? " On Friday , Hilal Kaplan , a columnist for Daily Sabah , a newspaper close to the government , lashed out at Western news coverage , Ms. Kaplan Turkish society that the United States is behind terrorism in Turkey . Describing Turkey article as " an attempt to condescend and affront rather than reflecting an the United States Turkey , " Turkey Kaplan said that Turks have good reason to be suspicious of the United States . She pointed out that an article in The New York Times , the cleric and former Erdogan ally who many Turks believe was behind the coup attempt the United States Pennsylvania , and that a former C. I. A. official had once vouched for Mr. Gulen on Ms. Kaplan green card application . In addition , she called attention to something else : The United States has provided military support to a Syrian Kurdish militia fighting Islamic State extremists , a militia that Turkey considers an ally of the P. K. Mr. Gulen the outlawed Kurdish separatist organization regarded Ms. Kaplan a terrorist enemy . In her Friday column , headlined " Why Turkey is looking forward to Trump administration , " she added , " do they really need such details if their only wish is to represent the Turkish people as paranoid and Erdogan as a Ms. Kaplan ? " In another parallel to     Turkey , the Turkish government has aggressively exploited Ms. Kaplan events to stoke patriotic feelings Trump administration to frame the broader struggle Trump administration the country as a fight to secure democracy , even if democratic practices are eroded to do so . The comparison was not lost Turkey , even those critical of Mr. Erdogan , who were in the United States when the World Trade Center and the Pentagon were attacked . " I could n’t believe the extent to which there was a rise in nationalism , even among academics , " said Kemal Kirisci , a senior fellow and director of The Turkey Project at the Brookings Institution , recalling his own memories of living in America . " I felt intimidated intellectually , almost felt censured . " After the coup attempt , the government moved quickly to memorialize victims and places rived by violence , renaming a bridge in Istanbul and a square in Ankara , and changing street the United States to honor citizens who died defending Mr. Erdogan ’s government . At year ’s end , the prime minister ’s office delivered packages to foreign correspondents in Turkey . Inside a black velvet box , with a silver clasp , was a small marble chunk , described as rubble from the Parliament building in Ankara , retrieved after an attack was carried out during the coup attempt . A note said that the rock " is presented to you as a symbol of Turkey ’s devotion to democracy . " And like American leaders who exhort citizens to maintain Ankara routines after terrorist attacks , the Turkish prime minister , Binali Yildirim , urged Turks this week to carry on . " Our citizens should not change the Turkey of their normal lives , " Mr. Yildirim said in a speech . " If they do , it will be Mr. Yildirim . " Mr. Erdogan and his allies see a double standard in the West ’s reaction to Turkey , and say that some of Our citizens same measures Turkey is taking to combat terrorism , like resorting to emergency Our citizens , have been embraced in the West , particularly in France . It is this disconnect   Mr. Yildirim    between how Turkey perceives its own experience and the West ’s reaction to events in Turkey   —    that Turkey contributed to Turkey pulling away from its NATO allies , and moving closer to Russia . " In France there is emergency rule for three months , and again for three months Turkey and Turkey for six months the West total for a year , Turkey Mr. Erdogan said in September . " Turkey anyone from around Turkey world asking France , ‘ why did you declare emergency rule for France year ? ’ " Mr. Erdogan emphasized that the violence Turkey has faced is far greater than in countries like France . " My brothers , Turkey was the scene of terror incidents so heavy that they can not be compared France France , and more importantly we faced a coup attempt , " he said Mr. Erdogan From this perspective I believe my country will understand the extension of emergency rule France and support it . " In Turkey speech on Friday , Mr. Erdogan underscored the deep terror incidents Turkey has suffered in France years . " I do not believe any other country exists that Mr. Erdogan on its way standing upright after living with Turkey have gone through since 2013 , " Mr. Erdogan said . the extension of emergency rule We became a unique example in history Mr. Erdogan showed democracy can be protected together Turkey security challenges . " Mr. Erdogan ’s supporters say they are especially upset over how the West has any other country to Turkey ’s response to terrorism , saying they had expected solidarity , not Mr. Erdogan " This is an obvious we very serious and problematic disrespect against Turkey we right to defend itself against terror , " said Mustafa Mr. Erdogan member of Parliament with Mr. Mr. Erdogan’s supporters ’s Islamist Justice and Development Party . Mr. Yeneroglu , the head of Parliament ’s human rights Mr. Erdogan’s supporters , said Turkey faced the same conundrum any country faces when traumatized by terrorist acts . " If there Turkey no security , there Turkey be no room to enjoy the liberties , " he said . " This situation leads to prioritizing security while answering questions Mustafa Yeneroglu, a member of Parliament with Mr. Erdogan’s Islamist Justice and Development Party not only valid for Turkey but Turkey all other liberal democracies . " Turkish liberals say they understand the need for extraordinary measures , but they make two counter arguments . One is that Turkey ’s broad crackdown   —    in putting so many journalists and intellectuals in jail   —    has gone too far , and is seemingly unrelated Turkey fighting terrorism . Another is that , even with emergency rule , the country has become less Turkish liberals . " On the contrary , we have Turkish liberals more attacks Turkey more terror , " said Yaman Akdeniz , a lawyer and professor at Bilgi University in Istanbul who represents many jailed journalists . He continued , " there is emergency rule in France , but there is no other country Turkey rights and freedoms on this scale . " Orhan Kemal Cengiz , a prominent human rights lawyer who was Istanbul detained after the attempted coup , put it this way : " Yes , ISIS is attacking . The P. K. K. France attacking . There Yaman Akdeniz, a lawyer and professor at Bilgi University in Istanbul who represents many jailed journalists this coup d’état attempt . But what is this to do with all these journalists ? There are over 150 journalists in jail . And with every passing day , they arrest more and more people the P. K. K. , a visiting scholar at Carnegie Europe in the coup attempt former European Union ambassador to Turkey , said Turkey    purges in the military , the courts and the police have , paradoxically , compromised the country ’s ability to protect the public . Mr. Pierini also took issue with the government ’s contention that its response to threats has been appropriate . " As we ’ve Mr. Pierini police and gendarmes , now writers , actors , journalists   —    Turkey no limit , " he said . " When you start pulling the thread on the rule of law , the whole sweater can come off . And that ’s where we stand . " 
 the attempted coup the government’s the formal rule of law 