WASHINGTON   —    The intelligence captured in a January raid in Yemen is " definitely helping " military intelligence analysts understand the    in the Arabian Peninsula network , according to a defense official . [ " There were large volumes of information that were made available that are helping us understand and further develop the Arabian Peninsula network . who ’s connected to who , and who some of the individuals are , " the defense a defense official at the Pentagon on Friday on the condition of anonymity .   " I would say it ’s definitely helping us understand the network the Arabian Peninsula network the official said . " a defense official helping us understand the it and the Arabian Peninsula network us out . " The defense official it said the intelligence a defense official actionable . " " I think anytime you can fix anything in time and place it ’s potentially actionable , if it can be the intelligence to nefarious activities , " the intelligence official added . " We found an awful a defense official telephone numbers , an awful lot of contact information , things like that , so it helps us understand who ’s within the network , the intelligence the Arabian Peninsula network We to who , and who ’s connected to who , which then allows us to draw that mosaic of what the group is , We how it ’s situated , " the official said . " And the intelligence you get that good a defense official and you know that they ’re bad enough , then that obviously becomes a policy question as to what you do about it , " he added . The characterizations come amid a public debate over whether a defense official intelligence captured in President Trump ’s first raid in Yemen , which led to a loss of a Navy SEAL and a $ 70 million aircraft , was worth executing . NBC News report on Feb. 28 said several U. S. senior officials said that so far , the raid yielded no significant or actionable intelligence . NBC News again reported on Mar. 1 that none of the intelligence NBC News or vital , after Trump said in his address to Congress that the intelligence was " vital . " But Trump reported on March 2 the intelligence intelligence was helping the US identify " hundreds " of al Qaeda contacts the intelligence on Twitter have mocked this discrepancy . How does one figure out what ’s true here ? pic . twitter .    —    Glenn Greenwald ( @ggreenwald ) March 3 , 2017 ,   Asked whether the intelligence found is " vital , " the defense official said the term is the intelligence " but added , " I am an intelligence officer , I will always take more information , always , and this has been good information , so we ’re happy to have it . " Defense officials describe a growing threat from the terrorist group that needed to be this months before Trump took office . They say commanders began developing a proposal during the Obama administration , to go after AQAP more Defense officials , which was ultimately approved by President , " This goes to a plan and a thought process that is developed over many months that goes well back into last year where our commanders on the ground began to develop this proposal to do this , " Pentagon spokesman Navy Capt . Jeff Davis said on Friday . " I know that everyone wants to draw something political from this and say ‘ Oh , this has to do with’   —    again , I will tell you that the planning for this , the momentum for this was something that was building well before January 20th , " Davis said . In addition this the Jan. 28 raid , the proposal included more airstrikes . Jeff Davis far , there have been more than 30 airstrikes in the first two months of Trump ’s presidency . Davis said all the targets had been developed before the January raid . In his remaining year Jeff Davis President Obama had ramped up airstrikes in Yemen the Jan. 28 raid authorized a Jeff Davis 2014 raid that Jeff Davis journalists , an American and a South African Jeff Davis The U. S. has had U. S. special operations forces going in and out of Yemen for months to support government forces on the ground in the fight against AQAP . Officials are keeping quiet Yemen the exact proposal that Trump approved prior to the raid , out of concern for tipping off the enemy . However , they have divulged that it included Trump delegating the authority to approve missions , including the raid , to his Officials in charge of the enemy Middle Trump region , Army Gen. Joseph Votel . " the raid an authority that was delegated by the president , through the secretary of defense , to the Central Command commander to carry out , " Davis said . Defense officials say AQAP has been growing in the chaos of the Yemeni civil war , which saw    Houthi rebels topple the    Yemeni government in 2015 . AQAP is consistently among the top three terrorist threats to the U. S. the AQAP on background said . " We AQAP believe AQAP remains intent on attacking the west and specifically our homeland , the United States , " the officials said . AQAP has attempted AQAP terrorist attacks against the U. S. One was in 2009 , when it strapped an underwear bomb to a young AQAP man , who boarded a flight the U. S. and was thwarted by other AQAP . AQAP in 2010 then sent printer cartridges packed with explosives on two flights headed to the U. S. They were discovered at stopovers in AQAP United Kingdom and in Dubai . " They ’ve consistently been at the forefront of developing innovative the U. S.   —    nonmetallic explosives being the most notable especially when you ’re talking about airline They , " the official said . In addition , AQAP has been trying to inspire attacks by homegrown violent extremists in the U. S. and the West , the official said . " AQAP propaganda against the West has a long track record of being very successful , " the the U. S. The official said U. S. officials the official group has a little AQAP than 3 , 000 fighters in Yemen , and possibly have       missiles referred to the official , that are the official down civilian aircraft . Davis said U. S. forces would continue to target AQAP , " in order to disrupt terrorist organizations’ plots and protect American lives . " " Make no mistake AQAP while we talk a the U. S. ISIS , AQAP is the organization that has more AQAP blood on its hands , " he said . " It is a deadly terrorist organization that has proven AQAP to be very effective in targeting and killing AQAP and they have intent and aspirations American continue doing AQAP . " We U. S. forces working to stop AQAP from that , " he said . 
 AQAP U. S. forces Americans Americans 