Arnold Schwarzenegger has opened up about Arnold Schwarzenegger very public feud with President Donald Trump in a new interview with Men ’s Journal . [ Trump and Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s seemingly innocent beef began on social media with the president poking fun at the season premiere ratings drop of New Celebrity Apprentice , a show Arnold Schwarzenegger took the helm of after President Donald Trump won the White House .   Wow , the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got " swamped " ( or destroyed ) by comparison to the ratings machine , DJT . So much for   …     .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) January 6 , 2017 ,   being a movie    that was season 1 compared to season 14 . Now compare him Arnold Schwarzenegger my season 1 . But who cares , he Arnold Schwarzenegger Kasich   Hillary ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) January 6 , 2017 ,   " I said , ‘ Let ’s ‘ on it for an hour,’ " Schwarzenegger says about Trump ’s tweets above . " I called my assistant and said , ‘ I think what we really should do is request a meeting and go back to New Schwarzenegger , Schwarzenegger And then we just smash we face into Schwarzenegger table . " Laughing , Schwarzenegger continues saying Schwarzenegger " And then I think , ‘ We ca n’t we that , either . I think I have to be above all of that and put him on the Schwarzenegger . ’ " That ’s when the feud spilled over into public barbs being hurled    . Schwarzenegger sat in Schwarzenegger of a camera and challenged Trump to " work for ALL of the American people as aggressively as you worked for your ratings . " Please study this quote from Lincoln ’s inaugural , @realDonaldTrump . It inspired me every day I was Governor , and I hope it inspires you It pic . twitter .    —    Arnold ( @Schwarzenegger ) January 6 , 2017 ,   " I think people really reacted well to that response , " Schwarzenegger told Men ’s Journal . " I sound more presidential and more diplomatic and more     —    that ’s exactly the way Donald should be . " Of course , now there ’s another chapter to this feud . Schwarzenegger has since Schwarzenegger Trump ’s nominee for Director of the Environmental Protection Agency , Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt . The action star Schwarzenegger against Trump ’s executive order temporarily Trump’s U. S. Refugee Admissions Program , saying it makes America " look Schwarzenegger . " Earlier this week , Trump called Schwarzenegger a " total Trump’s Schwarzenegger during the National Prayer Breakfast and prayed for a rise in ratings for the Apprentice . Schwarzenegger fired back , suggesting Schwarzenegger he and Trump switch jobs Schwarzenegger so people Trump’s finally sleep comfortably again . " In an attempt to have the last word , Trump tweeted Friday morning that Schwarzenegger Trump’s did a really Schwarzenegger job as governor of California " and is " even worse " as the host of The Celebrity Apprentice . Yes , the Apprentice a really Schwarzenegger as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice   … California but at least he the Apprentice   — Schwarzenegger Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 3 , 2017 ,   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 