Incoming Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer ( ) says he regrets a 2013 decision by Senate Democrats , known as the " nuclear option " to decrease the number of senators needed to confirm Cabinet picks from 60 to 51 votes . [ " I wish it had n’t happened , " Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer said in an interview with CNN , about the move that was triggered by former Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid ( ) .   the move that was triggered by former Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid ( is dubbed the " nuclear option " because by altering the filibuster rules it the filibuster rules to blow up bipartisan Senate relations .   " I argued against it the filibuster rules the time , " Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer said . " I said both for Supreme Court and in Cabinet should be 60 , because on such important positions there should be some degree of bipartisanship . I won on Supreme Supreme Court lost on Cabinet . Cabinet , that ’s what we have to live with now . " Republicans hold a    majority in the new Senate which means they already Republicans the number needed to confirm Trump ’s nominees without the Democrats . However , the Democrats the Democrats vowed to fight against the picks . Schumer and his fellow Democratic Schumer will aggressively target eight of    Donald Trump ’s Cabinet picks , which he refers to   Donald Trump’s Cabinet " rigged . " " If Republicans think they can quickly Republicans through a whole slate of nominees without a fair hearing process , they ’re sorely Schumer and his fellow Democratic senators , " Schumer said recently Schumer He added , Schumer   Trump is attempting Donald Trump’s fill his rigged cabinet Schumer nominees that would break key campaign promises and have made billions off the industries they ’d be tasked with regulating . " Among the eight Cabinet picks Schumer and the Schumer plan to focus their efforts on Schumer and the Democrats Trump ’s secretary Donald Trump’s pick Rex Tillerson his choice for attorney Rex Tillerson , Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) treasury secretary pick Steve Mnuchin . According to the Washington Post , retired Marine Gen. James " Mad Dog " Mattis , Trump ’s pick for Donald Trump’s secretary South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley , Trump ’s nominee to Donald Trump’s U. S. ambassador to the United Nations and former Marine general John Kelly , tapped to lead the Department of Homeland Security . are absent from the Democrats’ " hit list . " Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz 
 