Rep. Cedric Richmond ( ) said Wednesday that White House adviser Kellyanne Conway " looked kind of familiar " kneeling on the Oval Office couch . [   Rep. Cedric Richmond ( ) jokingly made a comment during the Washington Press Club Foundation dinner about a photo of White House adviser Kellyanne Conway kneeling on the Oval Office couch a picture of President Trump with the presidents of historically black colleges , according to the Washington Post . Sen. Tim Scott ( ) joked earlier in the dinner that " a the Washington Press Club Foundation dinner worse " had happened on that couch in the 1990s the Oval Office couch former President Bill Clinton ’s affair with    House intern Monica Lewinsky , the Washington Times reported . " You even mentioned Kellyanne and that picture on that sofa , " Richmond said in response to Scott . " I really want to know what was going on there because she really looked kind of familiar in that position there , but do n’t answer . " Richmond ’s joke was not    by Richmond crowd and on social media . In a statement , Richmond later clarified what he meant to Richmond . " Since some people have interpreted my joke to mean something that it did n’t I think it is important to clarify what I meant , " he told the Post . " Where he grew up saying that someone is looking or acting ‘ familiar’ simply means that they are behaving too comfortably . " . @RepRichmond , you may think this is funny , but it ’s not .   It ’s this   offensive .   this   .    —    Ronna RomneyMcDaniel ( @RRMGOP ) March 2 , 2017 ,   A snarky joke for you is just a reminder of the demeaning comments women hear every single day . And trust me , it happens to all women .     —    Ronna RomneyMcDaniel ( @RRMGOP ) March 2 , 2017 ,   Do n’t " clarify , " @RepRichmond   —    apologize . I ’d suggest using Women ’s History Month to lift us up instead of knocking us down .     —    Ronna us ( @RRMGOP ) March 2 , 2017 ,   Ronna Romney McDaniel , the head of the Republican National Committee , was not swayed by the Louisiana congressman ’s statement . She wrote on Twitter that the comments March 2, 2017,  Ronna Romney McDaniel, the head of the Republican National Committee " disgusting and offensive " and demanded the congressman " apologize " instead of the Louisiana congressman’s remarks . 
 the Louisiana congressman’s 