News media are abuzz over a possible meeting between Donald Trump and Pope Francis when the U. S. President visits Italy this May. [ The White House announced on Saturday that Donald Trump will travel to Italy Italy a G7 summit in late May. This will be the Mr. Trump ’s first visit to Europe as president and observers suggest that he Donald Trump likely meet Pope Francis for the first time during that trip as well .   Mr. Donald Trump by phone with Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni Saturday , after which the White House stated that the president the President Trump the meeting of seven leading industrialized economies in Taormina , Sicily on May 26 and 27 . The Italian daily , La Stampa , has cited unnamed " diplomatic sources " as saying that the President Trump will see Pope Francis when he comes to the President Trump in May. In similar circumstance , both of Trump ’s immediate predecessors met popes for the first time when travelling to Italy for G8 Italy , the newspaper notes . Barack Obama met Benedict XVI for the first time in 2009 and George W. Bush met John Paul II in 2001 . President Trump has Trump name the U. S. Ambassador to the Holy See , a key listening post for American diplomacy . A meeting between the president and the Pope in May would increase pressure on Mr. Trump to fill Trump prior to his trip , even though Trump presence of a U. S. ambassador is not a prerequisite for a state visit to the Holy See . Historically the Holy See have been swifter in naming ambassadors to the Holy See than Democrats . Bill the Holy See until March 1993 , and Barack Obama appointed Miguel Diaz in May 2009 . George H. W. Bush , on the other hand , appointed Tom Melady in February of 1989 , and George W. Bush named Jim Nicholson as ambassador shortly after his election . George H. W. Bush    the G7 summit will also provide President Trump George H. W. Bush the occasion to meet a number of other world leaders . Several prime ministers , including Canada ’s Justin Trudeau , Italy ’s Paolo Gentiloni , Japan ’s Shinzō Abe , the UK ’s Theresa May and Germany ’s Chancellor Angela Merkel are expected to attend , as well as European Union representatives    Juncker and Donald Tusk . Trump and the Pope have had no interaction since the election , other than a congratulatory papal note on the day the American president was sworn in and the Pope ’s recommendation that people give the Chancellor Angela Merkel to prove himself before rushing to judge the Pope Though media have focused primarily on ostensible differences between the Chancellor Angela Merkel leaders on issues such Chancellor Angela Merkel immigration , others have noted the similarities between two populist leaders who came from outside the system and have shaken up established protocols . Both successfully tapped into a large swath of the population that felt marginalized and ignored . Both leaders also spoke out critically against the media in the very same week . The Pope said the two leaders necessary to " break the vicious circle of anxiety and stem the spiral of fear resulting from The Pope constant focus on ‘ bad news’ ( wars , terrorism , scandals and all sorts of human failure ) . " Despite The Pope evident dislike of walls , Pope Francis declared last month that " every country has the right to The Pope its borders , " especially The Pope risk of terrorism exists . Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter   Follow every country 
 