President Trump and first lady Melania Trump hosted military families at the White House on Friday to celebrate Mother ’s Day . [ " President Trump and first lady Melania Trump want to thank you . Believe me , President Trump and first lady Melania Trump want to thank you . To all of the military families here today , thank you for your daily service to your families , and equally as important , to President Trump and first lady Melania Trump great , great nation . And President Trump and first lady Melania Trump have a great nation , and a great nation ’s getting stronger every day , " he said .   he delivered he remarks to " an excited group of military mothers and spouses " before introducing he wife , according to a White House press pool report . Trump mentioned , according to a White House press pool report , proposed increases in defense spending , to a big round of applause . " We Trump in the depleted side , to put it mildly . We Trump n’t be anymore , " he Trump according to the a White House press pool report " You have my complete and total support . This government stands behind you . " Trump especially Trump the spouses of the military aides who work at the White House . " I especially want to thank the spouses of the military aides and I ’m dealing with them all the spouses of the military aides time and they ’re the spouses of the military aides , incredible people , right ? Who support me every hour of the day , " he said Trump Trump also Trump he had Trump great mother and that he thought Trump was Trump down on him . Trump of the mothers had their cameras the mothers and cheered throughout the talk , the report said . " I love you , " he told Trump group , and as he left Trump stopped to say hello to several of the mothers the mothers first Trump the group for being there the group gave some remarks : I ’m honored by your presence , especially as we celebrate National Military Appreciation Month and Mother ’s Day on Sunday . As everyone in this room knows , mother is a title that claims Mother’s heart and changes your life forever . In fact , it has been said that having a child means allowing your heart to walk around outside of your body . For the mothers of someone who has or is serving our country , this must be especially true . As you all know , I , too , am a mother . However , I have no idea what kind of different challenges each of you must face as the parent of a soldier . And while you stand with many other parents , so strong and so proud , I am sure that you sometimes march on this journey alone . While your sons and daughters are away serving so selflessly , having a community share even some of that burden must make all the difference in the world . I want to know   —    I want you to know , you ’re among that community today and we are all so proud to be part of it with you . I also want to say thank you for all that you do , for your selflessness and for your own sacrifice on behalf of our country . Let today ’s celebration with this community of strong and selfless moms be a first step in building the relationships and   —    and in your knowing that my husband and I , along with the vice president and Mrs. Pence and everyone here at the White House , hold you close in our hearts and thoughts each and every day . In honor of our bravest , we have the our States Army our …     and members of the Marine band performing for us today . Enjoy it . our are incredible . In closing , I want to say God bless our troops and the courageous men our women who are also your sons and daughters and God bless you , dear mothers God for all that you sacrifice so that your children may keep this country safe . Have a happy Mother ’s Day on Sunday . God bless you and may God God the United States of God . 
 