Tech giants across Silicon Valley , such as Google , Microsoft , Apple , and Netflix , have come out in opposition of President Donald Trump ’s temporary halt on refugees from certain countries entering the United States . [ iNews reports that tech leaders from across Silicon Valley have condemned the temporary halt as " " and " morally wrong . " Apple CEO Tim Cook was one of the first to speak out , saying in a company wide email , " In my conversations with officials here in Washington this week , I ’ve made it clear that Apple Apple deeply in the importance of immigration   —    both to our company to our nation ’s future . "    Cook claimed , " Apple Apple not exist without immigration , let alone thrive and innovate the way we do . " He also Cook Apple Apple be reaching out to the White House " to   explain the negative effect on our coworkers and our company . "   Google ’s Chief Executive Officer , Sundar Pichai , sent a note to Google employees Google , " It ’s painful to see the personal cost of this executive order on our colleagues . We ’ve our made our view our immigration issues known publicly and will continue to do so . "   A Google spokeswoman Google the company ’s stance on the executive this executive order on our colleagues similarly to Apple , promised to bring their concerns to the similarly to Apple House , " We ’re concerned about the impact of this order and any this executive order on our colleagues could impose restrictions on Googlers and their families , or that Googlers barriers to bringing great talent to the US . We ’ll continue to make our views on these issues We to leaders in Washington and elsewhere . " Google ’s    Sergey Brin was also spotted at protests outside San Francisco airport , Google cofounder Sergey Brin at Google protest : " I ’m here because I ’m a refugee . " ( Photo from Matt   ) pic . twitter .    —    Ryan Mac ( @RMac18 ) January 29 , 2017 ,   Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella included his thoughts on the executive Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella within a company wide email sent by president Brad Smith to employees . " As a company , Microsoft believes in a strong Microsoft balanced    immigration system , " Smith wrote . " We president Brad Smith that these types Microsoft immigration policies are good for people , good for business , and good for innovation . That ’s why we ’ve long worked to stand up for and raise these issues with people in governments . We will continue to do we . " Nadella added , " As an immigrant and as a CEO , I ’ve both experienced and seen the positive impact that immigration has on our company , for the country , and for the world . We will continue to advocate we this important topic . " Netflix CEO Reed Hastings said in a Facebook post , " Trump ’s actions are hurting Netflix employees around the world , and are the world it pains us all . Worse    these actions will make America less Trump’s actions through hatred and loss of allies ) rather than more safe . A very sad week , and more to come with the lives of over 600 , 000 Dreamers here in a America under imminent threat . It is America to link arms together to protect American values of freedom and opportunity . "    borders Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg stated in a Facebook post , " My great grandparents came from Germany , Austria and Poland . Priscilla ’s parents were refugees from China and Vietnam . The United States is a nation of immigrants , and we should be proud of that . " In a short and brief post , Twitter , which has previously discussed banning President Trump ’s account , stated , Twitter is built by immigrants of all religions . We stand for and with them , Twitter .   —    immigrants of all religions ( @Twitter ) January 29 , 2017 ,   Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan _ or email Twitter (@Twitter) January 29, 2017,  Lucas Nolan at Twitter . com 
 Twitter (@Twitter) January 29, 2017,  Lucas Nolan 