Google employees and executives held rallies at Google offices across the United States on Monday in protest of President Trump ’s temporary travel halt from nations associated with terrorism . [ Google campuses filled yesterday with employees holding large signs that read " Make America Think Again , " and the former Google motto , " Do n’t Be Evil , " as the former Google motto, " gathered to protest President Trump’s temporary travel halt from nations associated with terrorism Google ’s campus in Mountain View , California , hosted one of the largest protests , which featured multiple speakers including Google CEO Sundar Pichai and Google founder Sergey Google , immigrants associated with Google company .     Today , my    and I gathered alongside thousands of other Googlers in protest and solidarity . # ProudGoogler # googlersunite # nobannowall , A photo posted by Moriah Maranitch ( @m . maranitch ) on Jan 30 , 2017 at 3:57pm PST ,    Walkouts at work # NoBanNoWall , A photo posted by JLR ( @jimmyramirez ) on Jan 30 , 2017 at 7:13pm PST ,   One of the speakers at the event ,    product manager Soufi Esmaelizadeh , spoke to the crowd , explaining that she was temporarily stuck in limbo over the past week when attempting to return to the U. S. from Switzerland . " This executive order is racist , unconstitutional and needs to be revoked , " Esmaelizadeh said to loud cheers from the crowd of Google employees .   CEO Sunar Pichai spoke to the crowd about the difficulties that the company the crowd to deal with the visa CEO Sunar Pichai of their foreign employees encountered , thanking all those who the crowd at the march . He said , " Every step , I felt the CEO Sunar Pichai of 65 , 000 people behind me . " He continued , " There are some CEO Sunar Pichai that you CEO Sunar Pichai never be compromising on , we need to stand together . The fight will continue . " Eric Schmidt , the CEO of Google parent company Alphabet , also spoke out against President Trump ’s immigration halt last Thursday when reports of the temporary travel halt first began to surface . Schmidt stated in one of the company ’s     meetings Eric Schmidt President Trump ’s administration would continue to do " evil President Trump’s ’ve done in the immigration area . " Schmidt reportedly told President Trump’s administration that the " tone of this Eric Schmidt is very much economic growth . " He further stated , " I think at the end Eric Schmidt the day , they are going to do these evil things as they ’ve done in the immigration area and perhaps some others . they the core focus the immigration area be to get the growth rate in the country   —    which is roughly      to two percent   —    up another point by simply pushing through increases in federal spending and overcoming the Tea Party . " In documents released by WikiLeaks , Schmidt expressed interest in acting as " head outside advisor " to the Clinton campaign during last year ’s presidential election . WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange previously characterized Google as " directly engaged " in the WikiLeaks . Specifically , Assange claimed , " The chairman of Google , the Clinton campaign , set up a WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange to run the digital component of Google Clinton ’s campaign . " Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan _ or email him at lnolan@breitbart . com ,  
 Lucas Nolan Lucas Nolan 