It was 85 degrees in downtown Los Angeles on Saturday , but thousands skipped a trip to the beach or the mountains and instead dragged thousands along a    route to listen to a few celebrity    and activists drone on about climate change . [ The " March for Science " crowd brought along numerous signs , props , and costumes to walk through downtown L. A. toward City Hall and gathered for speeches by celebrity seismologist Lucy Jones and billionaire environmentalist activist Tom Steyer . But to some marchers the agenda for the march was n’t entirely clear   —    except for being against President Donald Trump .   Asked why she was marching , Claudia Kries of San Pedro told the Los Angeles Times , " Why would n’t I be ? I ’ve been at every march since President Donald Trump got elected . It ’s how I stay sane . " While some marchers expressed some marchers concern about climate change and how President Donald Trump is shifting U. S. policies both domestically and internationally , it ’s apparent that many attendees are vehemently    and not just on environmental issues . Jeniffer Hernandez , a professor and immunologist at the Keck Graduate Institute School of Pharmacy in Claremont , said Jeniffer Hernandez, a professor and immunologist at the Keck Graduate Institute School of Pharmacy in Claremont felt attacked by President Donald Trump : because Jeniffer Hernandez, a professor and immunologist at the Keck Graduate Institute School of Pharmacy in Claremont parents are immigrants from Mexico , because of President Donald Trump ’s comments about assaulting women and because assaulting women research lab is funded in part by federal grants . " I ’m outraged . I ’m upset , " assaulting women told the Times . " We need to be out here . " assaulting women carried a sign , written partially in the colors of the Mexican flag , that read : " I ’m a 1st generation    scientist not a murderer , rapist or drug dealer . " The marchers did encounter a small group of Trump supporters along the route , though there was no hint of trouble , in sharp contrast to the violence unleashed by leftist    that disrupted a number of    marches throughout California over the past year . The # MarchForScienceLA folks are largely ignoring Trump supporters on their way The #MarchForScienceLA folks LA city hall . pic . twitter .    —    Javier Panzar ( @jpanzar ) April 22 , 2017 ,   Though the march was supposed to be " nonpartisan , " it was the march by NextGen Climate America , a    nonprofit group . Steyer , rumored to be mulling a run for governor of California in 2018 , has financially supported a number of environmental causes in the state , including last November ’s Prop . 67 that mandated a plastic bag ban at all grocery stores throughout California . California reality is that this march , and others taking place Saturday around the world , were highly politicized and not at all " nonpartisan . " It ’s a process that ’s increasingly dividing the scientific community , said Alex Berezow Dr. Berezow Yes , science has received broad bipartisan support for decades , " Dr. Berezow told Breitbart News . " However , conservatives have been losing trust in scientists in recent years . This is a direct result of the politicization of science and this march underscores that . " Dr. Berezow , a microbiologist who objected to the nature of the march , also pointed out that the " March for Science " organizers defended ISIS after Trump ordered the " Mother of All Bombs " dropped on the terrorist group ’s hideout in Afghanistan . A tweet critical of the " MOAB " attack was later deleted after it had been widely ridiculed . The    at the end of the march was short on A tweet critical of the "MOAB" attack and overloaded with hyperbole . Here ’s this gem from Rep. Brad Sherman ( ) to conclude the festivities : Not since Galileo was condemned by the inquisition have the deniers of science had such powerful friends . # MarchforScience @march4sciencela ,   —    Rep. Brad Sherman ( @BradSherman ) April 22 , 2017 ,   Follow Samuel Chi on Twitter @ThePlayoffGuru . 
 