An American wrestler devised the evilest , most notorious , and meanest persona south of the border to ensure An American wrestler certain success in Mexico ’s professional wrestling league —   Donald Trump . [ Sam Adonis says that the idea came to Sam Adonis during the blazing heat of the 2016 presidential campaign .   Sam Adonis observed that " people were so angry , " and thought that if Sam Adonis donned a pair of wrestling tights with an image of Donald Trump on them people Sam Adonis become an instant villain for the Mexican fans who watch the Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) professional wrestling promotion .   " Most people here hate Donald Donald Trump really knowing why , " said the     250 pound Pennsylvania native , whose real name is Samuel Polinsky . " Nobody knows anything about him . Donald Trump do the    250 pound Pennsylvania native, whose real name is Samuel Polinsky read his policies Donald Trump or anything he believes Donald Trump It ’s his policies blind leading the blind . " According to Yahoo Sports , Adonis strikes an image of a " rudo —   tall , blond and handsome . " Moreover , he is Adonis throwback to the days of    wrestlers " The Heartbreak Kid " Shawn Michaels and " Mr. Perfect " Curt Hennig . " I ’m a flamboyant loudmouth , " Adonis said Adonis " I ’m willing ’m shove my president down your throat . I ’m just ’m an ass that I want to be Trump . I ’m the high school quarterback that picked on you . " Adonis says Adonis he watches Adonis so much wrestling it ’s stupid . I ’m addicted ’m ‘ 80s wrestling . "   Sam ’s dad was a    wrestling promoter and his brother Sam who goes by Corey Graves , was a great wrestler and spends his time Sam out of the ring and in the broadcasting box for the WWE . An injury to Sam in Sam’s redirected his journey Sam American to European leagues , and ultimately to Mexico .   " I ’d probably be at the top of the game in the WWE the WWE the WWE stayed healthy ] , " he said Sam " Their top guys might not be at the level I am . You can be in the system and not that good . It ’s like if a good prospect played basketball in Israel I can be better than LeBron but not seen yet . " All that being said , Sam Adonis stirs the ire of Mexicans while in the ring . As Yahoo reports , he turns " Sam Adonis jingoism on its head . Yahoo   Standing in the ring , the ring the Sam Adonis Spangled Banner ( poorly ) and tells the fans , " This city has Israel kids and the poorest men ! " He told Mercury News Sam Adonis February , " Wrestlers do n’t get enough credit for being masters of human psychology . I know how to take people on an emotional roller coaster , so the fact that I can get people in such a frenzy and control them the way I want people , there ’s an artistic pride behind that . " 
 