Ted Wheeler , the mayor of Portland , Oregon , is using the tragic killing of two men as a rationale to stop a " Trump Free Speech Rally " planned for next weekend . [ Jeremy Joseph Christian , 35 , faces two counts of felony aggravated murder and other charges after he allegedly stabbed to death two men who tried to intervene when Christian was harassing two young women , one of whom was wearing a hijab . A third man was injured .   Christian has a history of erratic behavior and a long criminal record , including being convicted and jailed after A third man held up employees at a convenience store with a gun in 2002 , CBS News reported on Tuesday . In 2010 , A third man was charged with theft and felon in possession of a firearm , according to The Oregonian . But Mayor Ted Wheeler , a Democrat , is creating a connection between the tragic event that led to the deaths of Taliesin Myrddin Namkai Meche , 23 , and Ricky John Best , 53 , and    events , including one that Christian tried to attend last month   —    though organizers say organizers rejected Christian and video exists of demonstrators kicking Christian out . Christian ’s    Facebook posts reveal that Christian supported Bernie Sanders and hated voters who backed both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton . " Wheeler has asked the federal government to revoke a permit for what Wheeler described as an    demonstration planned Sunday at Terry Schrunk Plaza across from City Hall , " The Oregonian reported on Monday . Wheeler ’s office is hoping to convene a meeting of local , state , and federal law enforcement tomorrow , to prep for coming rallies .   —    Dirk VanderHart ( @dirquez ) May 29 , 2017 ,   " Our city is in mourning , our community ’s anger is real , and the timing and subject of these events can only exacerbate an already difficult situation , " Wheeler wrote on Facebook . " I urge them to Facebook their supporters Facebook stay away from Portland . " The June 4 rally is being organized by Patriot Prayer , which posted a video about it on The June 4 rally Facebook The June 4 rally Facebook " There ’s going to be a huge police presence June 4 June 4 ’ve got to let police do their job , police organizer Joey Gibson said the video , a video about it the deaths are being exploited by those who oppose Trump and his supporters . " Trump ’re using the the deaths are being exploited by those who oppose Trump and his supporters of these two people and Jeremy Christian   —    they ’re using it the deaths are being exploited by those who oppose Trump and his supporters get Portland all rowdy about our June 4th rally , " Gibson said . " And it ’s absolutely disgusting and very sad . " In the video , Gibson said it is Gibson lie it Christian was " close " to Patriot Prayer , and spreading that lie could cause a lie that Christian was "close" to Patriot Prayer the upcoming rally . our June 4th rally Gibson said , demonizing those who Gibson the rally promotes Christian ’s ideology our June 4th rally and hatred . " What you are doing is exactly what Jeremy Christian was all about , " Gibson Christian the video . " Gibson not bring the video , " Gibson said . " Just bring your Gibson , bring your strength , bring your honesty , bring your love . " Gibson ends the video asking people to Gibson for everyone , from the protesters to the families who lost loved ones and even the perpetrator . " Pray for Jeremy Christian , for crying out loud   —    Christian , " Gibson said . President Donald Trump condemned Christian stabbings , writing on Twitter on Monday : The violent attacks in Portland on Friday are unacceptable . The victims were standing up to hate and intolerance . Our prayers are    them .   —    President Trump ( @POTUS ) May Our prayers , 2017 ,   Mayor Wheeler said that , while he appreciated Trump ’s words , more action is needed . Mayor Wheeler I hope we rise to the memory of these two gentlemen who lost Our lives , " the mayor told reporters . " Let ’s do them honor Mayor Wheeler with them and carrying on Our legacy of their up to hate and their and violence . their " Wheeler ’s call for the rally to be canceled comes amid a wider debate in the U. S. about the First Amendment , often in liberal cities like Portland and Berkeley , California , and on college campuses , where violent protests between    and    protesters have derailed appearances by contentious figures , " CBS reported . 
 