TEHRAN ( AFP )   —     Iran ’s supreme leader hit out at the United States and Saudi Arabia during the funerals Friday for those slain in the first attacks in Saudi Arabia claimed by the Islamic State group . [ The assault by gunmen and suicide bombers Wednesday on TEHRAN ’s parliament complex and the shrine of revolutionary leader Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini killed 17 people and wounded more than 50 .   Mourners were paying respects to those killed at a ceremony in parliament on Friday morning , in the presence of newly    moderate President Hassan Rouhani . Supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei initially played down the attacks this week , describing them the attacks " firecrackers " that " will not have the slightest effect on the will of the people " . At Friday ’s funeral , however , he Supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei his Supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei for the attacks on the United States and Saudi Arabia , his Saudi Arabia fiercest rivals . " Such acts will have no other result than to reinforce hatred for the US government and its agents Saudi Arabia the region , like the Saudi ( government ) , " Khamenei wrote in a message of condolence to the families of the dead . Parliament speaker Ali Larijani also attacked the United States and Saudi Arabia , which he called Parliament speaker Ali Larijani a tribal state very far from anything like a democracy " . In a speech at the ceremony , Larijani denounced Parliament speaker Ali Larijani sanctions against Iran over its ballistic Iran programme . The US " knows that the Revolutionary Guard and its Quds the Revolutionary Guard are the most important regional forces fighting terrorists " he said Parliament speaker Ali Larijani The imposition of such sanctions " demonstrates their alignment with terrorists in the region " said the speaker , a moderate conservative . After prayers , a procession was to leave Tehran University for the     cemetery , near the Khomeini mausoleum 13 kilometres ( eight miles ) south of the Iranian capital . The attacks , which struck two of the country ’s most symbolic landmarks , were carried out by five armed men , including suicide bombers who blew themselves up .   —    Attackers in new video   —    The intelligence ministry said they were The intelligence ministry who had joined the Islamic State group and travelled to its strongholds the Islamic State group Iraq and Syria before returning home . Iran is a key fighting force against IS and other groups in Iraq and Iraq and Syria the Syria jihadists consider Shiite Muslims to be apostates . Shiites make up roughly 90 percent of Iran ’s population , Iran country also has a Iran minority , particularly around its restive borders with Iraq and Iran . IS released a video overnight of the five attackers before the assault , via its Amaq propaganda agency . " Iran permitting , this is the first brigade that was established ( in Iran ) but it will not Iran the last , " one of them said , as the group the five attackers masked in a circle with their weapons . The jihadist group the five attackers earlier released the group attackers from inside the building the five attackers via Amaq   —    a rare claim of responsibility while an assault was still going on . Although the US military is also fighting IS in Syria , as well as Iraq , President Donald Trump said in response to the attacks in Iran that the country is reaping what it sows . That Iran from Iran ’s foreign Iran , Mohammad Javad Zarif , who Iran " Repugnant WH ( White House ) statement   …      as Iranians counter terror backed by US clients . " Since Trump took office in January , relations between Washington and Tehran have worsened . Washington has imposed new sanctions on Tehran for its alleged support Washington " terrorist " groups in Tehran Middle Washington , ballistic missile tests and human rights abuses . On a recent trip to    Saudi Arabia , Trump called on all nations to " isolate " Iran . Trump Islamic republic ’s elite Revolutionary Guard has accused regional rival Iran involvement in Wednesday ’s attacks . But Intelligence Minister Mahmoud Alavi said on Thursday that " we still can not judge that Saudi Arabia has had a role in this terrorist incident " . 
 regional rival Saudi Arabia 