President Donald Trump proclaimed April as National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month , following in the footsteps of President Donald Trump presidential predecessor President Barack Obama . [ " We recommit We this month to establishing a culture of respect and appreciation for the dignity of every human being , " President Donald Trump said in a statement .   The proclamation noted that on average there are 300 , 000 instances of rape or other sexual assault crimes committed every year , and vowed that his administration would fight to protect people from sexual violence . his also committed to fighting child pornography . a statement also called for young people to hold their young people accountable and adults to teach men and boys to prevent violence . " Our families , schools , and communities must encourage respect for women and children , who are the vast majority of victims , and promote healthy personal relationships , " the a statement . On Wednesday , First Lady Melania Trump also gave a speech calling for " the international community to stand up against violence toward women and children and declared the need for promoting women ’s empowerment " at the State Department ’s International Women of Courage Award ceremony . Trump ’s First Lady Melania Trump to the issue of sexual assault drew predictable hatred from the left and Never Trumpers . " I wonder if Trump would First Lady Melania Trump this same support of the 16 women who have publicly accused him of First Lady Melania Trump assault , " wrote Huffington Post editor Emma Gray on Twitter . Gray wrote Emma Gray article at the Huffington Post headlined " Accused Sexual Predator Proclaims April National Sexual Assault Awareness Month " as she complained Emma Gray Trump ’s First Lady Melania Trump removes almost all references to rape culture . " " When I read Trump declared April First Lady Melania Trump ‘ National Sexual Assault Awareness Month’ I thought it was an April Fools joke , " CNN commentator Ana Navarro snarked on Twitter . " Trump declared April First Lady Melania Trump Sexual Assault Awareness month . In related news , Putin named April National Don’      month , " wrote actor George Takei on Twitter . " Twitter just stabbed itself in the Irony with a pair of dull scissors , " tweeted Kashana Cauley , a writer for The Daily Show . " Grab Em By The Pussy Month will be in May , " wrote MSNBC anchor Christopher Hayes . 
 