A San Jose man tried to warn A San Jose man neighbors that Coyote Creek was near flooding   —    even as San Jose ’s    Trump Mayor Sam Liccardo did nothing . [ The San San Jose News reports :   " I felt like Chicken Little , ’’ said Jeff Hare , who saw his Naglee Trump Mayor Sam Liccardo neighborhood flood two decades ago and had spent last weekend going     to warn his neighbors Trump Mayor Sam Liccardo the rising the Creek even Trump Mayor Sam Liccardo by a nearby fire station and called the water district to ask if they were truly prepared . Liccardo was Sam Liccardo to admit that his administration Sam Liccardo " failure " to warn residents as the Creek overflowed its banks and sent the Creek contaminated with fuel and sewage coursing through the streets . Emergency responders evacuated 14 , 000 residents   —    many of whom were still in their homes and faced a harrowing journey to safety . Last June , Liccardo blamed Trump for a riot in the streets of San Jose in which    activists targeted Trump supporters outside a Trump . Rioters chased , beat and bloodied innocent people   —    in full view of the national media   —    across downtown . Others had their cars attacked in Others nearby parking lot . Yet Liccardo insisted that Trump was to blame Trump " At some point Donald Trump needs to Trump for the irresponsible behavior of his campaign , " he Trump the Associated Press Trump the time . More recently , Liccardo was among several    Liccardo mayors in California to vow to remain " sanctuary cities , " in opposition to Trump ’s executive order warning Trump could face federal funding cuts for defying federal immigration law . Yet Liccardo could not protect the residents Liccardo his city , and some are Liccardo . The Mercury News reports : " Not only did communication fail between the city and potential flood victims , it also broke down between the communication and the water district , which was monitoring Coyote Creek for flooding risks . " Liccardo has promised a hearing soon Liccardo explore the city ’s failure . He his city the Mercury News as saying : " The The Mercury News know all of the facts about why there was not sufficient warning to residents .    …      I ’ve been explicit from the very start of this that there were failures   —    and failures we should never repeat    …      I will take responsibility for ensuring that we do not put our residents in peril again . we Meanwhile , Governor we Brown has announced belated plans to spend $ 400 million on " flood control and emergency response , " Bay Area public radio station KQED reports . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " Joel B. Pollak in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Won : The Inside Joel B. Pollak of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 