In these trying times , Jackie Mason is the Voice of Reason . [ In this week ’s exclusive clip for Breitbart News , Jackie Mason explains that if Democrats investigating President Donald Trump ’s alleged connections to the Russian government do n’t need evidence to back up Democrats investigating President Donald Trump’s alleged connections to the Russian government claims , President Donald Trump should just follow their Democrats investigating President Donald Trump’s alleged connections to the Russian government and start his President Donald Trump investigation .   " What ’s happening now with Trump President Donald Trump one of the most ridiculous things of all time , " Jackie says . " They Democrats investigating President Donald Trump’s alleged connections to the Russian government accusing him President Donald Trump something they Democrats investigating President Donald Trump’s alleged connections to the Russian government n’t identify , and just because they Democrats investigating President Donald Trump’s alleged connections to the Russian government no evidence of any kind does n’t mean they Democrats investigating President Donald Trump’s alleged connections to the Russian government n’t make the accusation that he President Donald Trump something nefarious and disgusting and something so dangerous with Russia that we ca n’t even imagine how dangerous it is . " " Do you have any evidence ? We do n’t need it . Why ? Because we We like it it " Jackie says if that ’s the way the justice system works , 300 million Americans could find themselves 300 million Americans with crimes they 300 million Americans even thought about committing . And not only that , but what ’s to stop President Trump from opening up an investigation of his President Trump , perhaps into the conduct of Sen. Chuck Schumer ( ) ? " If the Democrats can do it to him President Trump why ca n’t he President Trump it it Schumer Sen. Chuck Schumer " Jackie asks . " Let ’s it honest . He Sen. Chuck Schumer really involved with the Russians , because he Sen. Chuck Schumer involved with Hillary . And he Sen. Chuck Schumer partners with Hillary Hillary everything she Hillary . He Sen. Chuck Schumer a partner the whole campaign . So if Hillary Hillary so many crimes that she Hillary involved with with reference to Russia , who knows if he Sen. Chuck Schumer not a partner ? " " So if the Democrats do n’t need evidence because they the Democrats nothing to talk about , he Sen. Chuck Schumer a much better case , because at least he Sen. Chuck Schumer a reason , " Jackie explains . Jackie Jackie says he Jackie a way that Trump can put an end to all the speculation surrounding the Russian investigation with just one move . Watch his Sen. Chuck Schumer above .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 