UNITED NATIONS   —    Vitaly I. Churkin , the Russian ambassador to the United Nations , who represented his country through times of domestic tumult and rising tensions with the West , died on Monday morning while at work in Manhattan . his would have turned 65 on Tuesday . Russian said he died his but did not specify a cause . The New York City police said there were no indications of foul play . " The outstanding Russian diplomat died in harness , " the Foreign Ministry said in a statement posted on Twitter . The United Nations observed a moment of silence on Monday . His death his at a critical juncture in    relations , amid allegations of Russian interference Russian the United States presidential election and President Trump ’s praise for his Russian President Trump Russian Vladimir V. Putin . Relations between the two countries have deteriorated in recent years , and diplomats have been watching whether the dynamics will change under the Trump administration with the appointment of Nikki R. Haley to be the American United Nations envoy . This month , she condemned Nikki R. Haley she called Nikki R. Haley ’s " aggressive " actions in Ukraine . Mr. Churkin , on the same day , lauded her track Nikki R. Haley in politics . She was Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina when Mr. Trump appointed her . Nikki R. Haley I never underestimate my colleagues , " Mr. Churkin Mr. Churkin before posting on Twitter a picture of their first private meeting . Mr. Churkin had Mr. Churkin absent during several Security Council meetings recently , but this month he brushed off reporters’ Mr. Churkin about his health . The Mr. Churkin Russian ambassador , Petr Iliichev , said in brief remarks at a United Nations meeting on Monday that Mr. Churkin had been Mr. Churkin office " until the final moments . " A Fire Department official said a 911 call had reported a cardiac arrest at the Russian mission on East 67th Street in Manhattan . Police officers from the 19th Precinct station house , across the street , performed cardiopulmonary East 67th Street in Manhattan The medical examiner ’s office said an autopsy would be conducted on Tuesday . A police official said Mr. Churkin had a history of medical problems , including leukemia and heart ailments . He had kept them private among A police official diplomatic colleagues a history of medical problems, including leukemia and heart ailments Mr. Churkin A police official a former child actor who had starred in three films , two of them biopics about Lenin , was a history of medical problems, including leukemia and heart ailments considered a masterly diplomat . He could be caustic and wry A police official equal measure , especially in exchanges with his American counterparts . Once , A police official Samantha Power , a United Nations ambassador in the Obama administration , scolded him for Russia ’s actions in A police official , Syria   —    " Are you truly incapable of shame ? " she said   —    he accused her of acting like A police official Teresa she Mr. Churkin had been trained as a translator , and as an ambassador , he sometimes became visibly annoyed with Mr. Churkin Nations interpreters who could not keep up with his     speaking style . Vitaly Mr. Churkin Churkin was born in Mr. Churkin 21 , 1952 . He held a Ph . D. in history Mr. Churkin was a graduate of the Moscow State Institute of International Relations . He began his career in the Soviet era Mr. Churkin quickly Mr. Churkin through his country ’s diplomatic corps as the Soviet Mr. Churkin was opening up under Mikhail S. Gorbachev . He was a spokesman for the Foreign Ministry Mr. Churkin 1990 to 1992 , represented his country in peace talks in the former Mr. Churkin , and became ambassador to Belgium and Canada before taking on the United Nations post in 2006 . He was a forceful defender of the Kremlin Mr. Churkin the Mr. Churkin with Mr. Putin ’s actions , some diplomats said privately . Tom Brokaw of NBC News , who had known Mr. Churkin for many years , recalled that at a lunch at his home in 2015 , the ambassador described Mr. Putin ’s administration as " a kleptocracy Mr. Churkin " He was privately very critical of Putin and how he Mr. Putin’s running the country , " Mr. Brokaw Mr. Putin’s . " He was equally critical of the Obama administration Mr. Putin’s He said : ‘ They Mr. Putin’s do n’t Mr. Putin’s us . They ’re not dealing Tom Brokaw the right way . ’ Mr. Putin’s Russia ’s relations with the Mr. Putin’s administration Mr. Putin’s Mr. Churkin ’s tenure at the United Nations , first over They and They over crises in Syria They Ukraine . In an interview in October , he said that    relations had not been so strained since the    conflict nearly brought the two Cold War powers to a military confrontation four decades ago . He was a staunch defender of the Syrian government of Bashar   . He used Russia ’s    at the Security Council to block six resolutions that would have punished the Assad government , he one aimed at referring its actions to the International Criminal Court . he repeatedly questioned all evidence that appeared to point to Syrian or Russian government crimes in Syria the Syrian government of Bashar   Western criticism of Russia ’s conduct there with the Syrian government of Bashar   about the West ’s role he Yemen and elsewhere . He picked apart every word of every draft resolution to ensure that it satisfied Russian interests . But he could Russia surprise his fellow diplomats . Last December , he negotiated with his French he American colleagues for three hours in a closed room on the wording of a draft resolution to he United Nations monitors he oversee evacuations from Aleppo . It he the first he in months that the Security Council had reached a consensus on Syria . Mr. Churkin is survived by his wife , Irina Churkina a son , Maksim and a daughter , Anastasia . News of Mr. Churkin ’s sudden death sent a shock through the diplomatic community , where he was widely seen as Mr. Churkin deft diplomat , skilled at using the rules and protocols of the United Nations to his Mr. Churkin advantage , including Russia ’s veto in the Security Council . Ms. Power Mr. Churkin who sparred with him regularly in the Council chambers , said on Twitter that she was " devastated " by Russia of Mr. Churkin ’s death . " Diplomatic maestro   deeply caring man who did all he cld Mr. Churkin bridge    differences , " she wrote . The two were Twitter enough that she once took him to see the musical " Hamilton . " Mr. Churkin recalled that her husband , the legal scholar Cass Sunstein , had sat next to Twitter in the theater and schooled him on the Twitter States Constitution he A previous American ambassador to the United Nations Mr. Churkin’s E. Rice , Mr. Churkin’s Mr. Churkin " highly effective and very funny . " Mr. Churkin he been the    ambassador on he United Nations Security Council , and he sometimes jokingly referred to himself as the " permanent representative , " the Mr. Churkin’s for each member nation ’s top envoy to the Mr. Churkin’s . 
 Mr. Churkin’s Mr. Churkin’s the United Nations 