U. S. Education Department ( USED ) Secretary Betsy DeVos made Secretary Betsy DeVos first official announcement of senior staff hires Wednesday . [ Constitutionalists and    Core grassroots activists have expressed disapproval at the number of USED hires with links to former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and Jeb Bush foundation , as well as to other supporters of Common Core .   Among the new hires , for example , is Josh Venable , who will serve as DeVos ’s chief of staff . Like DeVos , Venable worked with Jeb Bush at Venable Foundation for Excellence in Education ( FEE ) . Jason Botel has been named as deputy assistant secretary for elementary and secondary education and acting assistant secretary for elementary and secondary education . Jason Botel served as executive director of the Maryland education advocacy group MarylandCAN   —    which was financed by Bill Gates   —    and has a history of support for Common Core . Trump has also formally nominated Carlos Muñiz to the post of general counsel at the USED , one that requires Senate confirmation . Carlos Muñiz served as former attorney to Jeb Bush when the latter was governor of Florida . James Manning will serve as senior adviser to the undersecretary and acting undersecretary . James Manning led the landing team at the USED throughout the Trump transition . At least one new USED hire , however , has the approval of    Core constitutionalists : Robert Eitel , who will serve as senior counselor to DeVos . Eitel authored   —    along with Kent Talbert and Bill Evers   —    the Pioneer Institute ’s report titled " The Road to a National Curriculum : The Legal Aspects of the Common Core Standards , Race to the Top , and Conditional Waivers . " " The Department has designed a system of discretionary grants and conditional waivers that effectively herds states into accepting specific standards and assessments favored by The Department , " Eitel noted . When one of the Common Core test consortia stated that it The Department to use federal funds to support curriculum materials and create a " model curriculum " and instructional materials aligned with the Core , Eitel Eitel , " Frankly , this makes sense . How can one design assessments without taking into account what is taught ? But the legal concern is that these federally funded assessments will ultimately direct the course of elementary and secondary course content across the nation . " " Bob Eitel an attorney with an impeccable record of public service , previously serving as deputy general counsel at the U. S. Department of Education , " Jamie Gass , director of the Center for School Reform at the    Pioneer Institute , tells Breitbart News , adding that Eitel ’s Eitel was among the best papers Pioneer Institute has produced in its nearly    history , and was punctuated by its understanding of its fidelity to the proper implementation of federal laws . " " Any public administration would want an attorney of Bob ’s experience and integrity making legal decisions at the highest levels of government , " Gass adds . The USED has also confirmed that Candice Jackson will serve as the deputy assistant secretary in the Office for Civil Rights and acting assistant secretary . Jackson recently represented Candice Jackson Shelton , who was     in 1975 when Hillary Clinton defended the rapist who assaulted her . Shelton Hillary Clinton a news conference prior to one of the presidential debates in October . Jackson told American Candice Jackson that Clinton , " Hillary Clinton and immorally blamed a     victim . " A report in the New York Times cites Jackson ’s appointment Candice Jackson well as the nomination of Muñiz : The posts are among the most high profile in the department . Staffing in the Office for Civil Rights has been a source of concern for civil rights advocates ever since the Trump administration rescinded protections for transgender students as one of its first education policy the Trump administration .    …      The appointments have been met with trepidation from advocates who are anxious about the future of the Office for Civil Rights , which gained a higher profile under President Barack Obama as it focused policy as much on equity in education as on achievement . The USED says it will announce additional The USED in the near future . 
 