President Donald Trump ’s first on page 11 labeled , " America First , " ends federal funding to the Corporation for Public Broadcasting ( CPB )   —    which , in turn , supports National Public Radio ( NPR ) and Public Broadcasting Service ( PBS ) . [ The left is howling , and local public radio stations are already campaigning to oppose the move . Democrats are spamming supporters with fundraising emails . Yet there are several reasons that ending federal funding for NPR and PBS is a great idea .   1 . They do not need the money . In 2011 , James O’Keefe ’s Project Veritas secretly recorded senior NPR executives meeting with a potential donor and admitting that NPR " would be better off in the long run without federal funding . " NPR reports that it " receives less than 2 percent of it budget directly from CPB , " and has long anticipated the possibility of losing that . 2 . Big Bird does n’t work there anymore . In 2015 , Sesame Street‘s production company signed a deal with HBO . The first    shows began in 2016 , and only aired nine months later on PBS for children from less affluent households . 3 . NPR is biased in favor of liberals and against conservatives . NPR political coverage is consistently slanted against Republicans and conservatives , and in favor of liberals . The NPR takes aim at conservative rivals : last week , for example , it accused NPR News , falsely , of producing " fake news . " It also churns out such fare as Code Switch , which often reinforces racial identity . Using taxpayer funds to support    news coverage is an abuse of taxpayer money . 4 . PBS no longer produces content worth public investment . As Steven Titch noted recently at The Hill : It has PBS shows , such as Downton Abbey , Sherlock and Frontline . But as Sesame Street ’s defection demonstrated , most of these programs could easily find a place on commercial cable and streaming outlets . The remainder of PBS programming approaches   : examples such as Golf ’s Grand Design , Great Old Amusement Parks and Andre Rieu : Waltzing Forever . The argument for public television —   that it offers public television exclusive place for quality content and entertainment that would be too narrow , too marginal and too unprofitable for commercial TV —   is risible in an age of hundreds of cable channels and    streaming . 5 . Conservatives have been promising to cut funding for decades . Newt Gingrich and the Republican Revolution of 1994 wanted to cut federal funding for PBS and NPR , but failed . When the Tea Party took over the House in 2010 , they likewise the Tea Party to pass the promised cuts . This time , conservatives control Conservatives houses of Congress . The taxpayers helped launch NPR and NPR . PBS is well past time to let them go The taxpayers They will The taxpayers do better on their own The taxpayers —    and be less of a political target . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was Joel B. Pollak one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new Joel B. Pollak , How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Joel B. Pollak at @joelpollak . 
 