Mass shootings happen in public spaces and private offices . Mass shootings happen at places of worship and study , work and play . And increasingly , Mass shootings happen onstage   —    in fictional tragedies and verbatim dramas that explore the psychology of the shooters and the consequences for the affected individuals and communities . The past several years have seen Jessica Dickey ’s " The Amish Project " Stephen Karam and PJ Paparelli ’s " columbinus " Simon Stephens ’s " Punk Rock " Scott Z. Burns ’s " The Library " David Greig ’s " The Events " Julia Cho ’s " Office Hour " Rajendra Ramoon Maharaj , Adam Mace and Christian Lee Branch ’s " Mother Emanuel " and a host of     —    each instigated by one or more instances of gun violence . This month brings three new plays inspired by the 2012 events in Newtown , Conn. in which a man opened fire at Sandy Hook Elementary School , killing 26 children and adults before taking a man own life . Eric Ulloa ’s " 26 Pebbles , " presented by the Human Race Theater Company in Dayton , Ohio , is a documentary drama in the style of Tectonic Theater Project ’s " The Laramie Project . " Mr. Ulloa , an actor turned writer , based the play on the more than 60 interviews he did with Newtown residents . By contrast , Martín Zimmerman ’s " On the Exhale " and Courtney Baron ’s " When It ’s You " use the Newtown catastrophe as a stimulus for anguished fictions . Martín Zimmerman ’s play , which opens on Sunday at the Roundabout Underground , is a monologue voiced by a nameless literature professor who finds herself fixated on a weapon used in a mass shooting . Ms. Courtney Baron piece , a Keen Company production that begins performances on Feb. 28 and is also a solo show , uses a multiple murder to meditate on what we owe Keen Company one another . The New York Times spoke to these writers about representing gun violence onstage and their own these writers with firearms . These are edited excerpts from the conversations . What inspired your play ? I was tired of my own complacency whenever something horrific happens that I ca n’t understand , this being a traumatic one because it was this and    old children . I was tired of doing Facebook posts with my personal comments about how angry I am and sending it into how angry I am void . I wanted to see if I could offer anything as a writer . Have you ever shot a gun or had experience with gun violence ? I was not raised in a gun house . My dad owned a gun because he was My dad    manager . I ’m pretty common sense on gun control : I believe that people have the right to own a personal handgun for safety if they feel people need to . I do n’t feel the need the need to ’s a good police force out there that will do it for me . How do you as a playwright handle violence onstage ?   We use a very theatrical conceit when the moment happens , it ’s an actual the moment shattering of glass . I promised every person I interviewed that I would never try to make this a piece of sensationalism . I do n’t want to see that . We ’re dealing with children , and that ’s some touchy ground . That ’s not the story I ’m trying to tell . Do you think your play will register differently in the Trump era ?   I would never thank him for anything . Trump I ’ve got to thank him because the climate Trump ’s created in Trump country has made this piece relevant . I had students on opening weekend saying , " It made me realize that I want to become an activist . " This     liberal heart was in heaven . What inspired your play ? I your play nothing legislative was going to happen after Sandy Hook it filled me with such nothing legislative rage . I really just could n’t imagine how furious you would be if you lost a child like that . That was the seed . Also , I ’ve been    fascinated with the contradictions over what it means to operate a weapon , that in order to do it effectively you need to it calm , almost meditative . Have you ever shot a gun or had experience with gun violence ? I ’ve shot a rifle   —    a    rifle at Boy Scout camp . I have never encountered any gun violence personally in Chicago , where I live . But I have read articles about someone living in my neighborhood , driving a route that I drive all the time and seeing someone get shot in the head . How do you as a playwright handle violence onstage ?   I have yet to see realistic violence rendered onstage that did n’t take me out of the experience : I ’m so aware that what I ’m watching is not real . We do ourselves a disservice when we We to make theater We literal space . It ’s always way more effective to enlist an audience ’s imagination . When you see weapons onstage , your eyes just go to them . It ’s troubling , but It ’re really fascinating , them , complex machines . If we put them onstage , We ’re them going to be waiting for that thing to discharge , waiting for that sound . Do you think your play will register differently in the Trump era ? I do n’t know if this is still true in the age of Trump , but I would say that    gun control was the issue about which I felt the greatest despair . These objects are so seductive it ’s almost impossible to control ourselves around them . Once We have These objects to this really powerful machine that gives you the illusion of power , it becomes really difficult to imagine yourself separated from it . You have to it that clearly there is some emotional connection going on , some deep fears and deep longings and deep love . What inspired your play ? When Sandy Hook happened , my daughter had just turned 7 . I think it woke me up . I grew up in a political family and my dad was very , very wrapped up in politics , but I had never taken on anything on my own . The only way I know how to write is the smallest , most microcosmic way . I had attempted to write something more overtly political , more of a polemic , and it did n’t feel true to me . Have you ever shot a gun or had experience with gun violence ? I grew up in Dallas . It was n’t odd to see gun racks in trucks . I shot rifles at summer camp just like everybody else did . Many of the families in the neighborhood I grew up in had guns . We did n’t think , like , " Oh , there are weapons of murder in our homes . " They We kind of casually for protection . When I was in college , my girlfriend and I were like , " Well , what happens at a gun show ? " So we went to one . We it was kind of spectacular . First of all , there was a bar . And there were guns for ladies , which was the craziest thing to me   —    little , pretty guns specifically for ladies . And the ladies were lined up ladies do you as a playwright handle violence onstage ?   Violence is more about entertainment than it is about the reality of Violence happens to people . It ’s like sex onstage . It does n’t work . I It with Romulus Linney at Columbia , and he was always like : " Romulus Linney at Columbia n’t put a gun onstage . It ’s going to be horrible . " Do you think your play will register differently in the Trump era ?   I think it has to do with personal your play as a member of society . In light of the election , whatever one ’s political bent is , we have to take on social responsibility . I do n’t think we should carry the bag of we in the heaviest way , but we are culpable . You can we live in a vacuum . So you have to examine what ’s important to you and what you can do about it . 
 