During a town hall with CNN on Tuesday , House Minority Leader Representative Nancy Pelosi ( ) argued that Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch is a " hostile " pick that President Trump named to change the subject from President Trump immigration order , and " if you breathe air , drink water , eat food , take medicine , or in any other way , interact with the courts , this is a very bad decision . "   House Minority Leader Representative Nancy Pelosi stated , " [ E]lections have ramifications , and here is a living , breathing example of a living . The president and his first appointment to the court , and hopefully his only appointment to the court , has appointed someone who has come down on the side of corporate America versus class action suits on securities fraud . his ’s come down against employer ’s   —    employee ’s rights . Clean air , clean water , food safety , safety in medicine , and the rest , if you care about that for your children , his ’s not your guy . [ Former Representative ] Gabby Giffords’ ( ) group   …     said that he [Former Representative] Gabby Giffords’ ( ) group  …     down on the side of felons , over gun safety . Hostile to women ’s reproductive rights , Hobby Lobby case for example . The list goes on and on , criticized progressives for bringing cases that relate to LGBT progress , taking those cases to the courts . What saddens me the most , as a mom and a grandmother though , is his a grandmother towards children in school , children with autism . He a grandmother ruled that they do n’t have the same rights under the IDEA that children   —    that they they reach their they and social advancement under the law . He a grandmother said that does n’t apply to them they He a grandmother come down against them they ADA as well , and again , under IDEA . So , it ’s a very hostile appointment .    …      Lovely family , I ’m sure , but as far as your family is concerned , and all of us , if you breathe air , drink water , eat food , take medicine , or in any other way , interact with the courts , this is a very bad decision . Well outside the mainstream of American legal thought , not committed to Supreme Court precedents . " Later , Pelosi said , " Any time they have a problem with something , they they another problem . They they the another problem , and so they they they they going to early   —   on an earlier schedule appoint a justice of the Supreme Court to change   —    always to change the subject . It ’s a decoy , the subject , decoy , decoy . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 