The fall of ESPN is still a hot topic in sports media , but former ESPN commentator Jason Whitlock has a unique point to add to the litany of reasons for the famed cable sports network ’s troubles . former ESPN commentator Jason Whitlock says that    sports blog Deadspin caused ESPN to veer left , and that was the seed that caused the famed cable sports network’s downfall . [ Deadspin , a popular but    website that forms part of the Gawker chain of sites , has targeted ESPN for political correction for several years with a long list of posts aimed at forcing ESPN to toe the political line of the extreme progressive left . And , according to Whitlock , Deadspin ’s campaign to liberalize ESPN has not only worked , but it has Deadspin lead to the near death of the     sports network .   In an    in The Wall Street Journal , Whitlock acknowledged Whitlock much of ESPN ’s problem is the penchant of many customers to " cable   . " But , Whitlock says Whitlock assessment is " accurate but incomplete " and should n’t be offered as the only reason ESPN is failing . Whitlock thinks Whitlock one of ESPN ’s main problems is , " The    culture war ESPN lost to Deadspin , a snarky , politically progressive sports blog launched by Gawker ’s Nick Denton in 2005 . " " While the mainstream media has failed to document the extent of Deadspin ’s rout of ESPN , I have n’t , " Whitlock noted Whitlock " I worked at ESPN twice , BD and AD . Before Deadspin ( Deadspin and After Deadspin ( ) . " Whitlock pointed Whitlock that the    era at ESPN was marked by much innovation , sparked by the energetic leadership of network executive Mark Shapiro . That period saw a surge in ESPN ’s influence and creativity . But , it was n’t to last , as the    meddling of Deadspin kicked into high gear : Deadspin significantly Deadspin the price of implementing change at ESPN . The    blog mastered    optimization and Twitter ’s ability to gin up faux outrage . Its writers Twitter ’s ESPN talent and executives , getting plenty of attention along the way . The site particularly delighted in exposing alleged sexual malfeasance among ESPN employees . Whitlock went on to list a number of Deadspin stories based on dubious and often outright false claims , all aimed at bullying the network to adopt a liberal point of view . The firing of commentator Curt Schilling seemed to cap Deadspin ’s victory over ESPN , Whitlock said Whitlock It all led to a knuckling under by the sports network : Rather than sue [ Deadspin ’s ] bullying internet pirates into submission the way tech billionaire Peter Thiel did , ESPN chose to acquiesce and adopt progressive ideology and diversity as groundbreaking business innovations . ESPN is the exact network Deadspin desired . ESPN ’s diverse on ESPN surface , progressive in ESPN point of view , and more concerned with spinning media narratives than with the quality of ESPN product . " The channel has become too handcuffed by politics to protect its most The channel and loyal employees , " Whitlock wrote . " It ’s a massive symbol of everything that fueled Donald Trump ’s bid for the presidency . " The former ESPN employee and current Fox Sports commentator ended his piece The former ESPN employee and current Fox Sports commentator a telling paragraph : ESPN NFL ESPN Ed Werder , one of the most prominent faces among the layoffs last month , said in a podcast that he heard The former ESPN employee and current Fox Sports commentator of work would not be a consideration when employees were let go . He lamented The former ESPN employee and current Fox Sports commentator " it seemed to me that The former ESPN employee and current Fox Sports commentator work should be the only consideration . " Not in this America , the one ruled by    perception and dismissive of the real world . Plainly , Whitlock feels that ESPN has allowed liberal politics to dictate its every ESPN . And , many sports fans agree . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 