The Syrian stars of two    films will travel to the Academy Awards after all , representatives said , now that President Trump ’s travel ban has been lifted . Raed Saleh   —    the leader of a Syrian civilian rescue group and a subject of the documentary short that bears a Syrian civilian rescue group name , " The White Helmets "   —    will be on the red carpet and attend the ceremony on Feb. 26 . With President Trump will be President Trump fellow rescuer Khaled Khatib , who also worked as a cinematographer on the film , which has been nominated for best documentary short . Financed by Western governments , the White Helmets have saved the lives of more than 75 , 000 Syrians , pulling them from the White Helmets rubble of    buildings and administering emergency first aid . Hala Kamil , a Syrian refugee and mother of four now living in Germany , will also be attending the awards now , too . Mrs. Kamil Hala Kamil, a Syrian refugee and mother of four now living in Germany after her husband was kidnapped by the her State . Their ordeal is captured in " Hala Kamil, a Syrian refugee and mother of four now living in Germany : My Homeland , " which is also up for best documentary short . In a statement , Mrs. Kamil said she would be attending the ceremony Mrs. Kamil a heavy heart , as she and her husband , who Mrs. Kamil presumed Mrs. Kamil , made a ritual out of watching the Oscars each year . " But to be reminded of what I have lost is also a reminder of what I have held on to : my children , " she said . The filmmakers of Mrs. Kamil documentaries said they had always intended to bring The filmmakers of both documentaries subjects to the Oscars . The filmmakers of both documentaries those plans the Oscars when Mr. Trump signed an executive order last month banning visas for travelers from seven    countries , including Syria . This month , federal courts blocked the ban , though Mr. Trump suggested at a news conference Mr. Trump that he might issue a new order next week Mr. Trump Mr. Khatib , the cinematographer , is hurrying to get on a flight to the United States before another potential travel ban . Attending the Oscars , Mr. Khatib said in a statement , would help not only broadcast the urgency of Syrians’ plight , but also bring hope to his beleaguered countrymen back home . " I Mr. Khatib this work because I believe if the world understands the suffering of my people , they will be moved to stop it , my people stand with us on the this work of life , " he said . " The White Helmets have Mr. Khatib motto taken from the Quran : ‘ To save a life is to save all humanity . ’ " 
 