British cultural icon and punk rock godfather John Lydon ( Johnny Rotten ) has hailed the " joy " of populist ,    movements across the West . [ Mr Lydon backed Brexit , claimed President Donald J. Trump was unfairly smeared by the " left wing " media , and said President Donald J. Trump wanted to shake " fantastic " Nigel Farage ’s hand for taking on elites .   Speaking on ITV ’s Good Morning Britain , the Sex Pistols frontman praised how the former UKIP leader led a flotilla of    fishermen in the    " Battle of the Thames "   —    when they faced off with a group of    millionaires and celebrities . " After that      argument he had with Bob Geldof , I wanted to shake [ Nigel Farage ’s ] hand because it was silly beyond belief . " Where do I stand on Brexit ? Well , here it goes : the working class have spoke , and I ’m one of the working class , and I ’m with the working class , " ’m said . ⚡ Johnny Rotten supports # Brexit   @POTUS : " the working class have spoken ! " Conservatism is the new    pic . twitter .    —    Warburton ’s Lab ( @WarburtonsLab ) March 27 , 2017 ,   The punk icon also said the unconventional outsider President Trump was a type of punk rock politician who was being unfairly attacked by the media establishment . He dubbed Lab (@WarburtonsLab) March 27, 2017,  The punk icon Trump " a complicated fellow " adding : " As one journalist once said to me , is he the one journalist Sex Pistol ? In a way . " What I dislike is the left wing media in America are trying to smear the bloke as a racist , and that ’s completely not true . " There are many , many problems with him as one journalist human being but he ’s one journalist that , and there just might be a chance something good will come out of this situation because it terrifies politicians . This is a joy to behold for me . " When host Piers Morgan described Mr. Trump as " the archetypal    figure " Mr. Lydon said : " Dare I say , a possible friend . " The former Sex Pistols singer is famous for singing the 1977    hit ‘ God Save the Queen’ which brands the royal family a " fascist regime " . However as he has the Queen’ which brands the royal family a "fascist regime" older , his views the Queen’ which brands the royal family a "fascist regime" mellowed somewhat . Lydon recently Mr. Lydon he is Mr. Lydon fact quite fond of Her Majesty Mr. Lydon Elizabeth II . Speaking to the music website The Quietus last week , he said The Quietus " I will sorely miss her as Mr. Lydon human being on planet Earth . It is not her fault Mr. Lydon was Mr. Lydon into a gilded cage . I do n’t know about the ‘ reign’ part , but long may she live Mr. Lydon " He also reign’ the song was " about a political situation and the demand for obedience to a monarchy I do n’t believe in " . Mr. Lydon also revealed that he appreciates Mr. Lydon and royal events , and said he " Mr. Lydon the pageantry " of Prince William and Kate Middleton ’s wedding in 2011 . " Oh , when the planes flew over the palace ? It reminded me of World War Two and all those films , and how grim it was It Nazis . For me , it was a reintroduction to history , lest we forget , " he added . The punk rocker has supported Brexit for some time , and last year said he was he the " working classes had risen up against the Tories " and were " taking back the country " with the vote to leave the European Union . In 2013 , he also he former Prime Minister Margret Thatcher , saying he thought he celebrating her death former Prime Minister Margret Thatcher " loathsome " . 
 