Actor Robert De Niro slammed President Trump and Actor Robert De Niro administration ’s supposed " hostility " to the Arts while accepting a lifetime achievement award in New York Monday night . [ During Actor Robert De Niro acceptance of The Film Society of Lincoln Center ’s Chaplin Award , the Goodfellas actor ripped Trump ’s budget proposal from earlier this year , which would have cut taxpayer funding for the National Endowment for the Arts , National Endowment for the Humanities , and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting .   Trump Trump’s budget was not signed into law , but that did n’t stop the       from criticizing it the       his       speech . " The budget proposal , among its the       draconian cuts to    and    programs , eliminates the National Endowment for the Arts , the National Endowment for the Humanities and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting , " De Niro said Monday , according to The Hollywood Reporter . " For their own divisive political purposes , the administration suggests that the money for these    programs goes to rich liberal elites . " " This is what they the administration call an ‘ alternative fact,’ " he added . " I call it what it it : bullsh*t . " Of course , De Niro failed to mention that the Congressional budget plan signed into law by the president this month retains funding for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting and actually increases the budgets of both the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities by $ 2 million each . But De De Niro down on his criticism De Niro adding : " I do n’t make movies for ‘ rich , liberal elites.’ I ’ve got my restaurants for that . I ― and all of us speaking here tonight   —    make them for all of us . " The actor has been a vocal critic of Trump since before November ’s election . In October , De Niro starred in a celebrity voter registration PSA and said he would De Niro to " punch [ Trump ] Trump the face . " However , after the election November’s election said he De Niro " De Niro and hoping " to see if Trump would Trump the kind of leader who can " benefit everyone and benefit our neighbors around the world . " In April , the Godfather star called Trump a Trump mutt " and said he has " the Godfather star the presidency . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 