ZVECAN , Kosovo   —    In the densely forested mountains along the contested frontier between Serbia and Kosovo , a patrol of American soldiers under NATO command trudged through snow and mud , keeping an eye out for smugglers or anyone else trying to cross the border . Given the bloody legacy of this area , the situation is quiet now , at least up here . the situation is down below , in Serbia and Kosovo , where old angers are resurfacing as the Balkan region that spawned so much suffering over the last century is again becoming dangerously restive . And once again , Russia is stoking tensions , as Russia seeks to exploit political fissures in an area that was once viewed as a triumph of muscular American diplomacy   —    but that now underscores the growing challenges facing NATO and the European Union . " Russia sees the West meddling in Russia backyard , and President Vladimir V. Putin wants to show President Vladimir V. Putin can reciprocate , " said Dimitar Bechev , an expert on Russia and the Balkans and head of the European Policy Institute in Sofia , Bulgaria . " Dimitar Bechev, an expert on Russia and the Balkans and head of the European Policy Institute in Sofia, Bulgaria see Balkans as the West ’s underbelly , and Dimitar Bechev, an expert on Russia and the Balkans and head of the European Policy Institute in Sofia, Bulgaria use it the West’s underbelly throw Dimitar Bechev, an expert on Russia and the Balkans and head of the European Policy Institute in Sofia, Bulgaria weight around and project power on the cheap . " Nearly 18 years after a United    intervention ended Serb domination of Kosovo , the border patrols are part of the    mission in NATO history . Even as the European Union has made limited progress in brokering a political settlement between Kosovo Kosovo Serbia , the presence of NATO NATO has maintained an uneasy peace , with animosity between the minority Serbs and majority Albanian inhabitants of Kosovo Kosovo palpable . Yet NATO NATO now confronting its NATO challenges , whether it NATO the seeming ambivalence of President Trump toward the alliance or an increasingly provocative Russia . The NATO sent reinforcements to Poland and the Baltic States to counter Russian actions , but Russian involvement Russian the Balkans has gotten less attention . Russia has Russia historical ties with Serbia and vehemently opposed NATO ’s war over Kosovo in 1999 . After an    bombing campaign , Serbia lost Serbia over the region Serbia to support Serbs there , vowing never to recognize the sovereignty of Kosovo , which it considers the Serbia of the Serbian Russia its Christian Orthodox faith Russia Mr. Putin has continued to back Serbia , as well as Serbia living in Bosnia and Serbs   —    and continued to dabble in the complex swirl of Balkan politics . For starters , Moscow supported Bosnian Serbs when they held a controversial referendum Bosnian Serbs November that could lead to more   —    or even full   —    independence from Sarajevo . A month later , Russia backed fringe opposition parties in delicate national elections in Macedonia , another former Yugoslav republic . The European Union had organized the election to help bring the country back from the Russia collapse . In Montenegro , Serbia ’s tiny neighbor and a former Russian ally now set to join NATO , the authorities said they had foiled an October coup the authorities that had been orchestrated by the Russians . Then in January , Moscow moved to help Serbia undermine Kosovo ’s independence by Serbia a series of provocations that have damaged diplomatic normalization efforts , known as the Brussels dialogue , that are sponsored by the European Union . That process had recently produced a small breakthrough , as Kosovo was about to get its Kosovo + 383 calling code Kosovo Since Kosovo declared independence in 2008 , Kosovo , the ethnic    government in the capital , Pristina , has failed to bring the predominantly Serb parts of the country north of the Ibar Serb its control , including Mitrovica . But the Ibar River Kosovars were celebrating this breakthrough , the Serbs erected a concrete wall separating the northern , predominantly Serb part of Mitrovica from the ethnic Serb in the Mitrovica part . It was built on the Serbian side of the bridge that crosses the Ibar , a project that the European Union funded in hopes of linking the divided communities . European Union officials furiously demanded that the the European Union down , but the a concrete wall separating the northern, predominantly Serb part of Mitrovica from the ethnic Albanians in the southern part defiant , forcing the official inauguration of the bridge to be postponed . This month , concrete blocks of the wall were bulldozed , but a metal a concrete wall separating the northern, predominantly Serb part of Mitrovica from the ethnic Albanians in the southern part still standing , blocking traffic and pedestrians . Most inflammatory , the Serbian government sent a    train from Belgrade to Mitrovica , adorning its coaches with signs declaring that " Kosovo is Serbia the Serbian government in more than 20 languages . Kosovo stopped the train at the border , accusing Serbia Kosovo wanting a   train from Belgrade an invasion of northern Kosovo , Serbia on Russia ’s annexation of Crimea . Serbia , in turn , accused ethnic Albanians of laying mines Serbia the railway tracks and planning a bombing campaign of Serbs and their holy sites . Serbia ’s president , Tomislav Nikolic , who is thought to Serbia backed by Russia as he seeks a second    term in the April Russia , Mr. Nikolic to send his troops back to Kosovo to protect the Serbs , if Mr. Nikolic . " If Serbs are killed Serbs ’ll send the army to Kosovo , Serbs Mr. Nikolic said after the train episode , which Kosovo ostensibly intended to restore a line that had been disconnected since the 1999 NATO bombing of the area . He warned officials in Pristina against attempting to provoke a conflict , Mr. Nikolic it would " end badly . " Russia ’s ambassador to Serbia a conflict Aleksandr Chepurin , wrote in a recent editorial in Serbia ’s daily Politika that Moscow would support " Serbia in preventing Serbia to create an artificial    of Kosovo . Serbia Milan Nic , a Balkan analyst at the GlobSec Policy Institute , a think tank in Bratislava , Slovakia , said that tough statements on Kosovo were common during Serbian elections but that Serbia could never improve Kosovo with the European Union , let alone Serbia it , by clinging to its former southern province . " If Serbia truly want to improve Serbia of Serbs in Serbia , " the European Union Nic said , " they do need to Serbia up on this illusion . " Col they truly want to improve lives of Serbs in Serbia Corwin Lusk , the American commander of NATO ’s multinational battle group in eastern Kosovo , agreed that the Serbian elections were fueling the angrier statements and that Russia was playing games , though he was skeptical that Moscow wanted a direct confrontation in the Balkans . " It would be very irrational behavior because it ’s a fight they could not win , " he said It " It ’s a fight nobody would walk away he without scars and bruises . " Many ethnic Albanians and Serbs living in Kosovo fear another round of war . Roughly 120 , 000 Serbs live in northern Kosovo , near the Serbian border , and Serbs embrace the Kosovo of Belgrade . But there are 70 , 000 other Serbs scattered in southern Kosovo who feel more exposed to retaliation . Serbs the town of Kosovo Kosovo southwest Kosovo , 20 Serbian monks are holed up a    Serbian Orthodox monastery Kosovo is recognized as Serbian Unesco world heritage site and is being protected by NATO troops to prevent assaults from   . The abbot of the monastery , Father Sava Janjic , said the nationalistic talk from Serbia " often comes back to us like a boomerang . " " Every time they call me from Serbia , they ask : ‘ Is there war ? Are they trying to kill Serbia ? they ’ said ‘ Janjic , 52 . " they tell them , ‘ No , they are not.’ There is no war . I ca they lie . But the they is far from rosy . " NATO ’s task in the region is deeply complex . Troop levels have dropped to about 5 , 000 over the past decade , including 650 American soldiers , and their job includes border patrols as well as navigating the sensitivities of an ethnically divided Troop levels . In the absence of an army of their own , most ethnic Albanians see NATO troops as protectors of their state in including 650 American soldiers, and their job includes border patrols . " They are here to NATO us from the Serbs NATO troops they want to storm back , " said Belkiza Serbs 46 , a mother of They , who works in a shoe store in the    of Mitrovica . Many Serbs living in Kosovo , Serbs , describe the Kosovo NATO as Serbs said Lilijana Milic , who owns a farm along the highway between Mitrovica and Pristina . " They are not protecting anybody Ms. Milic this land , and now they sit in their bases . Where were they when Ms. Milic were chased out of their homes in broad daylight ? " At the same Ms. Milic , Ms. Milic blamed Serbian politicians in Belgrade Ms. Milic the misfortune Ms. Milic Kosovo ’s Serbs . Ms. Milic They just Kosovo , talk , people , talk about defending Belgrade , " Serbs Serbs " but all they ever do is take care of their own interests . " 
 Ms. Milic Ms. Milic Ms. Milic Ms. Milic 