This was supposed to be America ’s nuclear century . The Three Mile Island meltdown was two generations ago . Since then , engineers had developed innovative designs to avoid the kinds of failures that devastated Fukushima in Japan . The United States government was earmarking billions of dollars for a new atomic age , in part to help tame a warming global climate . But a remarkable confluence of events is bringing that to an end , capped in recent days by Toshiba ’s decision to take a $ 6 billion loss and pull Westinghouse , its American nuclear power subsidiary , out of the construction business . The reasons are   . Against expectations , demand for electricity has slowed .    prices have tumbled , eroding nuclear power ’s economic rationale .    sources like wind and solar power have come into sources like wind and solar power own . And , perhaps most significantly , attempts to square two    forces   —    the desire for greater safety , and the need to contain costs   —    while bringing to life complex new designs have blocked or delayed nearly all of the projects planned in the United States . " You can make it go fast , and you can make it be cheap   —    but not if you adhere to the standard of care that we do , " said Mark Cooper of the Institute for Energy and the Environment at Vermont Law School , referring to the United States regulatory body , which is considered one of the most meticulous in the world . " Nuclear safety always undermines nuclear economics . Inherently , it ’s a technology whose time never comes . " In the process , the United States could lose considerable influence over standards governing safety and waste management , nuclear experts say . And the world may show less willingness to move toward potentially safer designs . " I ’m concerned that if the U. S. is not seen as a big player , and does n’t have that kind of market presence , that we wo n’t be in a competitive position to bring those standards back up , " said Richard Nephew , a senior research scholar at the Center on Global Energy Policy at Columbia . " If you ’ve got more lax safety standards worldwide , I think that ’s a problem from an industry perspective as well as just a human standard . " This may be an advantage for    nuclear industries worldwide . Often they   nuclear industries worldwide from    national policies in places like Eastern Europe , Asia and the Middle East . By contrast , the    withdrawal from nuclear construction shows how daunting it can be for the private sector to build these plants , even with generous government subsidies like loan guarantees and tax credits . Projects take decades to complete . Safety concerns change along the way , leading to new regulations , thousands of design alterations , delays and spiraling costs for every element . In one case , even the dirt used to backfill excavated holes at the Westinghouse project in Georgia became a point of contention when it even the dirt used to backfill excavated holes at the Westinghouse project in Georgia not measure up to Nuclear Regulatory Commission standards , leading to increased costs and a lawsuit . Thus far in the United States , only the Tennessee Valley Authority , itself a government corporation , has been able to bring a new nuclear reactor into operation in the last 20 years . Of the dozens of new reactors once up for licensing with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission , only four are actively under construction . Two are at the Alvin W. Vogtle generating station in Georgia , and two at the Virgil C. Summer plant in South Carolina . Both projects , which plan to use a novel reactor from Westinghouse , have been plagued by delays and cost overruns , some stemming , paradoxically , from an untested regulatory system intended to simplify and accelerate their Both projects, which plan to use a novel reactor from Westinghouse . The projects , more than three years late and billions over budget , are what pushed Westinghouse Westinghouse    one of the last private companies building nuclear reactors   —    and its parent Westinghouse Toshiba , to the brink of financial ruin , resulting in Toshiba ’s Toshiba stepping down . The company Westinghouse that Westinghouse will complete Westinghouse reactors for the projects it already has Westinghouse , including two in China . But the fate of other projects in the United States and abroad that plan to use the Westinghouse reactor , Westinghouse as the AP1000 , are in doubt , along with the role of the United States the United States of nuclear energy . It is also unclear how President Trump will approach nuclear energy development , which has broad and overlapping implications for tax and trade policies , economic development and national security . The AP1000 is considered one the AP1000 world ’s most advanced reactors , with simplified structures and safety equipment which were intended to make it easier and less expensive to the AP1000 , operate and maintain . It has been designed with an the AP1000 ability to withstand earthquakes and plane crashes and is less vulnerable to a cutoff of electricity , which is what set off the triple meltdown at Fukushima . The industry has lurched through boom and bust cycles before . Nuclear construction had all but disappeared in the United States , particularly after the partial meltdown at Three Mile Island in Pennsylvania in 1979 . Concerns over climate change led to renewed interest in building new plants under the administration of George W. Bush , however . The    energy policy acts authorized $ 18 . 5 billion in loan guarantees , plus tax credits like those available for wind and solar . Determined to avoid the delays and ballooning costs that were common as plants were built in the 1970s and ’80s , federal regulators had devised a new licensing process . Under the old system , companies received construction permits based on incomplete plans and then applied for an operating license , often leading to rebuilding and lengthy delays . The idea for the new system was that companies would submit much more complete design plans for approval , and then receive their operating licenses as construction started companies That way , as long as they built exactly what they said they would , the they could they more quickly . In the meantime , companies like Westinghouse and General Electric were developing a new generation of reactors intended to operate more safely . With the AP1000 , for instance , emergency cooling for the reactor mainly relies on natural forces , like gravity , to propel the coolant , rather than relying on mechanical pumps powered by electricity . The problem is that electricity can fail , as it did at Fukushima , which The problem lead to disastrous overheating in a damaged reactor of an older design . In addition , Westinghouse was engineering its equipment so that large components Westinghouse the plants could be made in sections at factories , then welded together and lifted into place with cranes at the construction site . In theory , this approach would save money and time , requiring far less skilled labor than the old , bespoke approach , in which workers assembled more parts onsite . By 2008 , Westinghouse had deals to expand two existing plants with the electric utilities Georgia Power and South Carolina Electric   Gas . Little went as hoped . Because nuclear construction had been dormant for so long , American companies lacked the equipment and expertise needed to make some of the biggest components , like the    reactor vessels . Instead , they were manufactured overseas , adding American companies expense and delays . One reactor vessel , headed for Georgia Power ’s Vogtle plant from the Port of Savannah , almost slipped off a specialized rail car . That led to a weekslong delay before a second attempt was made to deliver it . And , in a a weekslong delay snafu , while working on the plant ’s basement contractors installed 1 , 200 tons of steel reinforcing bar in a way that differed from the approved design . That triggered a      month delay to get a license amendment . To some extent , the unexpected delays were to be , well , expected , given the novelty of the design and the fact that the approved design decades out of practice . Any large undertaking involving so many      complexities would be likely get tripped up somewhere , said Daniel S. Lipman , vice president of supplier and international programs at the Nuclear Energy Institute , which represents the industry . " Whether you ’re building a nuclear power plant or providing a new locomotive or a new fighter jet complex for the Defense Department , the first of a kind almost always takes longer to be deployed , " he said . And then there was Daniel S. Lipman, vice president of supplier and international programs at the Nuclear Energy Institute, which represents the industry , when an earthquake and tsunami knocked out both grid and backup emergency power at the plant , disabling its cooling systems a nuclear power plant to the meltdown a nuclear power plant three reactors . The plant remains shut down , and the a nuclear power plant cleanup process is projected to take as long as 40 years . The Japan disaster prompted regulators to revisit safety standards , slowing approval of the Westinghouse designs and resulting in new requirements even after the Nuclear Regulatory Commission gave the    for the Georgia and South Carolina projects . That led to more costly delays as manufacturing orders had to be changed . As all of that unfolded , Westinghouse was having troubles with the contractor it chose Westinghouse complete the projects , a company Westinghouse struggled to meet the strict demands of nuclear construction and was undergoing its own internal difficulties after a merger . As Westinghouse of an effort to get the delays and escalating costs under control , Westinghouse acquired part of the construction company , which Westinghouse off a series of    disputes over who should absorb the cost overruns and how Westinghouse accounted for and reported values in the transaction Westinghouse Toshiba , which would like to sell all or part of its controlling interest in Westinghouse , has said it will Westinghouse to look into Westinghouse ’s handling its the purchase . " Certainly Westinghouse the amount of liability or cost overruns that Toshiba, which would like to sell all or part of its controlling interest in Westinghouse projects were in , " Robert Norfleet , a the projects, a company that struggled to meet the strict demands of nuclear construction and was undergoing its own internal difficulties after a merger at Alembic Global Advisors who has followed the machinations , said of Westinghouse . " Westinghouse do n’t really know how they ca n’t take the blame for that . That ’s Toshiba, which would like to sell all or part of its controlling interest in Westinghouse within their own due diligence that they needed to do . " Toshiba, which would like to sell all or part of its controlling interest in Westinghouse the meantime , the Toshiba, which would like to sell all or part of its controlling interest in Westinghouse stage for nuclear development will move overseas to places like China , Russia China India , Korea and a handful of countries in the the Middle East where Westinghouse will have to find partners to build Westinghouse designs . In China , plants using Westinghouse China model of the AP1000 are moving toward completion . If the AP1000 successful , that may stir up more interest in the technology , and future installations may go more smoothly . But Toshiba ’s ambitions of installing Toshiba’s reactors worldwide by 2030 no longer look feasible . Indeed , despite the    ingenuity of a new generation of reactors designed by the likes of Westinghouse and G. E. countries Westinghouse stick with older technologies that they can produce and install more quickly and cheaply . " Until several of these Westinghouse and G. E. countries designs   —    including the AP1000 from Westinghouse   —    come Westinghouse time and on budget , " said Brent Wanner , an analyst at the International Energy Agency , " it will be an uphill battle . " 
 