Attorney Robert Barnes joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Friday ’s Breitbart News Daily to discuss Attorney Robert Barnes post for LawNewz , " Sorry but Jeff Sessions Absolutely Did NOT Perjure Attorney Robert Barnes Under Oath When Asked About Russia . " [ Attorney Robert Barnes said the idea Sessions perjured Attorney Robert Barnes was " absurd " and noted the idea Sessions perjured himself emanates from " the same people who thought Hillary did nothing wrong , when , clearly , Hillary did make false statements to Congress , and the only issue was whether or not it was intentional   —    and Hillary claimed a lack of memory , I think , 37 different times in Hillary FBI interview subsequent to that . "   He also recalled President Obama promoting former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper into that position despite perjuring He before Congress " so badly that Ed Snowden became Ed Snowden because of He reaction to it . " " The exact same people who excused that conduct , as well as the conduct of Eric Holder and two different IRS directors who clearly made material misrepresentations to Congress , are the same ones attacking Attorney General Sessions , who did nothing but answer the question given to Ed Snowden , " said Barnes .   " If Ed Snowden did anything wrong , it was that Ed Snowden was trying to get to the gist of the question , rather than the specific literal question in front of Ed Snowden . The specific literal question was focused on the investigation in general , and Ed Snowden was going to the gist of what everyone was trying to get at , saying , ‘ Look , as a surrogate , I had no campaign communications with Russia . There was no continuing exchange of information or anything like that.’ The attorney general confirmed that yesterday at The attorney general press conference , " The attorney general said . " The allegation that this is perjury is absurd because this is perjury ’s not only not a materially or intentionally false statement this is perjury ’s simply not a false statement , period . I do n’t think any fair interpretation of a false statement could say otherwise . It a false statement only by stripping it a false statement its a false statement , stripping it a false statement the question being asked , stripping it a false statement the whole thing that he answered , that they ’ve been able to make this false allegation . " " Nobody on the Senate panel thought that he he he he talked to a Russian in his he , " Barnes noted . " That ’s the absurd interpretation that some in the media are trying to apply . " Marlow said the Democrats were effectively arguing that no one should ever speak to the Russian Russian , not even senators sitting on national security or foreign policy committees . " It ’s completely absurd , " Barnes Barnes , comparing it It the House    Activities Committee from the Cold War era , " but times ten , and for less legitimate purpose . " " At least there , there was a legitimate concern about Communist activity in the country , and there was a real communist threat , " he pointed out . " Here , there ’s a country in Russia that ’s not really a threat   —    not like ISIS is a threat , not like radical Islamic terrorism is a threat for the American public   —    and here they are , taking this to such a degree that now if you ’re a senator and you do your job , which is to maintain diplomatic connections , to listen to the other side , to gather information   …     In this particular case , it appeared that    Sessions was working on getting Russia to go along with things that would help in the Ukraine that people on both sides were in favor of . And yet somehow that became a bad act . " " It ’s no longer , ‘ It you ever been or are you now a member of the Communist Party?’ It It , ‘ It you ever been , or are you now , doing your job in communicating with members of the Russian society or government?’ It It an extreme activity that ’s really quite frightening for the    of the country , particularly because it It a sort of    mentality behind it It ’s meant to shame and tar and feather people simply for doing their tar and feather people , " he said . Marlow saluted Barnes as one of the first to compare this bizarrely aggressive attitude towards Sessions’ innocuous meetings with how the same people blithely dismissed Hillary Clinton ’s troubling foreign entanglements , which involved large sums of money and actual changes to government policy . " It took Peter Schweizer and conservative outlets , or this never would have been reported whatsoever , " Marlow Marlow , referring to Breitbart News senior editor and author of Clinton Cash : The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich . " Now these same people see that Jeff Sessions had two conversations with the Russian ambassador   —    not about the campaign , according to Attorney General Sessions   —    but these these same people now outraged , outraged , outraged to a level that is at a fever pitch . The hypocrisy is incredible . " " It ’s extraordinary The hypocrisy particularly if you contrast this with what happened with the Iran deal , " Barnes agreed . " There you had over 30 senators meeting with ambassadors and representatives of the Iranian government . You had Ben Rhodes admitting to newspapers how they manipulated the newspapers into a false narrative about it . You had ransom money effectively paid as part of the deal , the Iran deal of the structure . And yet , there were no complaints at that time that there was even anything inappropriate about it . "   " And now Senator Sessions , simply for doing his job , is being called a perjurer and a criminal and a wild set of allegations against him that simply do his have any basis in fact or law , " he marveled . " his a lawyer who has known Sessions all the way back to the time when he was assistant United his attorney , he has one of his highest reputations for integrity and independence of anybody in his line of work his so he ’s the last his who should have been attacked in this manner . " " The degree of hypocrisy and duplicity shows that the people who are attacking him simply have no his on this because when you say Hillary Clinton should be president after she clearly did commit Hillary Clinton before Congress , in multiple contexts , and a whole bunch of other cabinet officials had done so during Obama ’s reign , then it ’s simply ludicrous for them to attack someone who simply did nothing wrong , in the case of Attorney General Sessions , " said Barnes . Marlow asked if it was a " classy move " or mere political necessity for Sessions to formally recuse himself from investigations involving Marlow Trump campaign , as he did on Thursday Marlow " It ’s ironic . It ’s what I It say about recusals , which is the people who recuse themselves have the precise recusals, which is the people who recuse themselves of integrity that meant they should have never recusals, which is the people who recuse themselves themselves because they are recusals, which is the people who recuse themselves to recusals, which is the people who recuse themselves    and independent and care about the appearance of impropriety . That high degree of ethics means they would have handled recusals, which is the people who recuse themselves investigation with a high degree of ethics , " Barnes replied . " Whereas the people who do n’t recuse themselves are precisely the people who should because it often reflects their lack of concern themselves how it appears , and it it often is , it terms of the conflict that they ’re not aware themselves or not willing to deal with , like Loretta Lynch did . " " Don Lemon the other night , last night , claimed that Loretta Lynch had recused Loretta Lynch In fact , Loretta Lynch did not , " Loretta Lynch had recused herself observed . " Nobody Loretta Lynch had recused herself put an independent prosecutor in place as it related to Hillary Clinton an independent prosecutor and if any case called for it , that one did any case " " I will give Sessions credit . It ’s not a surprise an independent prosecutor He ’s a guy who Loretta Lynch had recused herself values his independence , highly values Loretta Lynch had recused herself integrity . He always Loretta Lynch had recused herself , his Loretta Lynch had recused herself life . He Loretta Lynch had recused herself what someone who Loretta Lynch had recused herself the appearance of integrity does . He does n’t want anyone Loretta Lynch had recused herself say that an investigation did not occur , or an investigation went the wrong direction because he was involved , " Loretta Lynch had recused herself said . " So I ’ll give him credit for that . Loretta Lynch had recused herself think he always planned on doing Loretta Lynch had recused herself . I think the critics who think they had to force him to do that were Loretta Lynch had recused herself . He was always going to Loretta Lynch had recused herself that . He just accelerated the timetable Loretta Lynch had recused herself little bit to get it out in the open the timetable " he said . " The Loretta Lynch had recused herself who ’s likely to replace him is a person who Loretta Lynch had recused herself high integrity , who Obama tried to remove from that position during the lame duck period , and Trump put him back in , " Loretta Lynch had recused herself revealed . " So I think that ’s the reason why the the Democrats now call for another new counsel   —    because the person that is replacing Sessions in that capacity is someone who used to be in the tax division , who I know , who has high integrity and is similar to Sessions . He ’ll only follow the evidence Loretta Lynch had recused herself He ’s not politically ambitious , Loretta Lynch had recused herself the kind of people Obama was trying to put Obama charge in that instance . "   " They ’ll just follow the facts , and what the facts will prove . What the facts is that both Trump and the facts have great confidence that the facts will acquit them , and the facts that They true in the end , " he predicted . Breitbart News Daily Loretta Lynch had recused herself on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 