John Podesta , Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chairman , says President Donald Trump criticizing fake news and inaccurate reporting is " dangerous " and is " a strategy , used by autocrats , designed to completely disorient public perception . " [ " President Donald Trump ’s not just trying to spin the bad news of the day all politicians do that , " Podesta writes of President Donald Trump in a Washington Post   . " Podesta seeks nothing less than to undermine the public ’s belief that any news can be trusted , that any news is true , that there is any fixed reality . "   Podesta , however , was all for facilitating a " fixed reality " by manipulating media when media served Podesta political purposes . Indeed , Podesta hacked emails revealed multiple instances of collusion and collaboration between mainstream media journalists and press outlets and the Clinton campaign throughout the election . Ironically , many of the journalists who cozied up to the Clinton Clinton were from the Washington Post   —    Juliet Eilperin , Anne Gearan , Karen Tumulty   —    the same news outlet from which Podesta ’s Trump hit piece was published . The longtime Democratic operative also compared Trump Trump of the media to that of Russian President Vladimir Putin . " He is Russian President Vladimir Putin the successful strategy of Vladimir Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin Podesta Podesta , insisting that Trump ’s Trump puts America " in danger of experiencing an information void like Russia , " where citizens " hear something on TV and assume it ’s a lie something on TV " Podesta Podesta of course , failed to mention his Podesta to Russia and    companies Russia Podesta Podesta voters to " maintain a heightened vigilance " and says , " A heavy burden falls on American journalists to    a president and a White House staff that is setting records for peddling false information and not to be afraid to call a lie , a lie . " " The recent ouster of Michael Flynn as national security adviser demonstrates that lying still carries consequences , " Podesta Podesta . " But they must go further and provide context and analysis for what motivates Trump , Stephen K. Bannon , Kellyanne Conway , and the others to constantly distort reality . " Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 