The University of California , Berkeley paid police half a million dollars in overtime last Thursday to deal with the threat created by leftists opposed to letting conservative author Ann Coulter speak   —    even though conservative author Ann Coulter never did . [ conservative author Ann Coulter pulled out of conservative author Ann Coulter planned speech after the sponsoring organizations dropped the event due to security concerns . The university had insisted that conservative author Ann Coulter speak at dates and times when there would be fewer students on campus , and conservative author Ann Coulter refused , citing free speech principles . The campus , which prided itself on being the home of the Free Speech Movement in the 1960s , has become dangerous for conservatives , who face mob violence when expressing their views .   The San Francisco Chronicle reported : Bay Area law enforcement agencies called in to prevent violence from erupting on campus after conservative author Ann Coulter appearance there was scuttled on Thursday cost a total of a    dollars in overtime , said Alameda County Sheriff Gregory Ahern .    …      Ahern Alameda County Sheriff Gregory Ahern his Alameda County Sheriff Gregory Ahern alone spent about $ 80 , 000 in overtime and he Alameda County Sheriff Gregory Ahern to be reimbursed by the University of California . The Oakland Police Department , San Leandro Police Department , California Highway Patrol and six other UC campuses sent officers to Berkeley on Thursday after Coulter ’s speech on campus was canceled . As Breitbart News reported last week ,    and    demonstrators faced off at the Martin Luther King , Jr. Civic Center Park , but there was no violence . On campus itself , police who had been posted to Sproul Plaza   —    a " free speech " zone where Coulter Coulter previously said she Coulter speak , even if the university would not provide a venue   —    were mostly idle . According to Berkeleyside , a spokesman for the Alameda County police said that the costs , roughly $ 1 , 000 per officer , had probably been worthwhile , since " nothing happened . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He Joel B. Pollak named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He Joel B. Pollak the    of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him The Inside Story of a Revolution Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 