On Friday ’s broadcast of MSNBC ’s " The Last Word , " anchor Lawrence O’Donnell stated that " if Vladimir Putin masterminded the last week in Syria , Vladimir Putin has gotten everything Vladimir Putin could have asked for . " " anchor Lawrence O’Donnell then floated a theory that Vladimir Putin told Syria ’s Bashar    to launch a small chemical attack that was big enough to attract media attention and prompt President Trump into launching a missile strike , which would then change the subject from Russian influence .   " anchor Lawrence O’Donnell said , " [ W]ouldn’t it be nice if it was just completely , totally , absolutely impossible to suspect that Vladimir Putin orchestrated what happened in Syria Syria week so that his Vladimir Putin in the White House could have a big night , with missiles , and all of the praise he Vladimir Putin picked up over the last 24 hours ? Would n’t it be so nice if you could n’t even in your wildest dreams imagine a scenario like that ? " He Vladimir Putin , " I do n’t know what it it . Is it a 2 % chance ? Is it it 50 % chance ? Is   —    I do n’t know . But what   —    I do n’t think it it a 0 % chance , and it it to be , with every other president prior to Donald Trump . " O’Donnell further stated , " Well , when Bill Clinton fired missiles during his Bill Clinton , Republicans questioned that . They Republicans whether that was to distract attention from the Monica Lewinsky scandal , and that was a legitimate question . " O’Donnell O’Donnell added , " It ’s perfect , just perfect . I wish it It n’t . If Vladimir Putin , if , if , if Vladimir Vladimir Putin the last week in Syria , he has Vladimir Putin everything he could Vladimir Putin asked for . Vladimir Putin Vladimir Putin the man in charge of making sure that Syria got rid Syria all of its chemical weapons Syria a deal with the Obama administration . And so it makes perfect sense to question whether President Bashar    would have checked with his most important President Bashar    , Vladimir Putin , Vladimir Putin chemical weapons that Vladimir Putin was supposed Vladimir Putin helped get rid of . It would be terribly embarrassing to Vladimir Putin if President Assad Vladimir Putin Vladimir Putin as having completely failed Vladimir Putin rid of those chemical weapons . You would n’t want to be Bashar    in a conversation with Vladimir President Bashar    that , unless you Vladimir Putin conversation with him before that . Unless Vladimir Putin said Vladimir Putin ‘ I have an Vladimir Putin go ahead , do a small chemical attack , nothing like the big ones you ’ve done in the past , just big enough to attract media attention . So that my friend in the White House will see it on TV . And then , Donald Trump can my friend in the White House some missiles at Syria , that ’ll do no real damage , and then the American news media will change the subject from Russian influence in the Trump campaign and the Trump transition and the Trump White Donald Trump It ’s perfect Donald Trump " He continued , " For most of the news media Donald Trump it changes the conventional wisdom about the dynamic between Vladimir It and Donald Trump . President Trump has finally dared to do something that Vladimir Donald Trump n’t like . It changes everything . As Vladimir Putin you never , never question whether Vladimir Putin wanted all of this to happen this week . And Vladimir Putin question that and you look at what has happened , it ’s always worth remembering that if Vladimir Putin really does have ways , known or unknown to Donald Trump Vladimir Putin influence Donald Trump , then every day Donald Trump a good day for Donald Trump is a good day for President Putin . Now not one Donald Trump I ’ve just said could possibly have been said Vladimir Putin president prior to Donald Trump . " O’Donnell further said , " you will hear opinion in Donald Trump that is counter to the possible scenario that I have just outlined , but what you wo n’t hear is proof that that scenario that I ’ve just outlined is impossible . " O’Donnell did say that he raised this scenario " without assigning a statistical probability to it . I do O’Donnell know what it O’Donnell . I just know that it ’s not zero , and it should be zero . It it been zero with every previous president . But when you look at it’s not zero way the events have it this week , Donald Trump could not have asked for a better end of the week , for his presidency as he sees it . " During the panel discussion that took place after O’Donnell ’s monologue Donald Trump he did Donald Trump that it did make sense to notify Russia in advance of the strike to avoid further Donald Trump . (   Mediaite ) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 