President Trump ’s " America First " budget targets a number of controversial California programs and notorious agencies for heavy cuts or outright elimination —   while increasing funding for border security and detention of criminal aliens . [ The    spending plan released Thursday outlines President Trump priorities to Congress . The plan The   spending plan released Thursday to give Trump supporters plenty to cheer —   while making Democrats and political insiders groan .   Border security is one area that President Trump has Trump money where his Trump is . Trump $ 4 . 8 billion in increased border infrastructure ( i. e. " the wall " ) and enforcement of immigration laws represent a dramatic increase in funding , which will benefit California more than any other state . The proposed funding includes : One idea in Trump ’s budget that Trump less than popular with law enforcement is the proposed elimination of the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program ( SCAAP ) which reimburses local sheriffs and police departments close to $ 210 million per year for detaining criminal aliens for more than 4 days in a local jail . Every president since Clinton created the program has marked it the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program , but so the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program it has survived   —    the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program large part because it has been become a reliable the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program stream for local law enforcement when state and country resources are scarce . The bipartisan    on scrapping SCAAP in California will likely be fierce , because California   —    home to California criminal aliens than any other state   —    receives the lion ’s share of the funding . The Sacramento Bee reported the hysterical reactions of California ’s U. S. Senators , California Democrats . Sen Dianne Feinstein said : " It ’s an absolute travesty for California and every state or community California thought they had a true partner in the federal government . " Sen. Kamala Harris claimed : " It ’s clear from this proposal , President Trump does not value government ’s essential functions of public health , public safety , and public education . " According to an NPR report aired on 89 . 3 KPCC ( and NPR , too , faces an end to federal funding ) President Trump wants to cut the President Trump Agency ’s budget by almost a third ( 31 percent ) and " put states in charge of enforcing federal environmental laws , which is a philosophy championed by EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt . " If states want to go above and beyond Federal EPA requirements , they ’re welcome to EPA so   states    as long as they can fund it . Trump ’s states on EPA funding is significant to California , EPA CalEPA receives almost 12 % of its funding from the federal government . Trump’s    enforcement tactics of state agencies like the California Air Resources Board ( CARB ) and the State Water Resources Control Board ( SWRCB ) could be dramatically curtailed by the cuts . Other proposed cuts include $ 250 million to California to a teacher ’s training program California did not meet the approval of U. S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos . According to the Los Angeles Times , DeVos said , " Taxpayers deserve to U. S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos their dollars are being spent efficiently and Taxpayers . While California will be harder hit than any California state by the proposed cuts   —    with the cuts programs and severe cuts to others   —    there may be a light at the end of the tunnel . By scaling back the size of funding to CalEPA and therefore cutting CARB and other    bureaucracies , and actually securing the border rather than simply funding programs like SCAAP as token reimbursement , President Trump is arguably sending a signal that he ’s serious about    results   —    not President Trump paper progress favored by government program administrators anxious to justify the existence of their programs . 
 government program administrators 