U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) Enforcement Removal Operations ( ERO ) officers arrested a thrice deported criminal alien after NYPD officials released the Dominican national from jail . U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Enforcement Removal Operations (ERO) officers has a criminal history that includes " several felony and misdemeanor charges . " [ NYPD NYPD released Hector Suarez , 44 , on bail in December , despite an immigration detainer being in place . Suarez Hector Suarez in a New York County Criminal Court and was given bail . He U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Enforcement Removal Operations (ERO) officers before the judge on a misdemeanor charge . However , his U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Enforcement Removal Operations (ERO) officers history includes convictions on drug possession and attempted assault , according to information obtained by Breitbart Texas from ICE officials .   " This is the case of another criminal alien , a felon , who was released back into the streets . Politics and rhetoric are not what keep the people of this great city safe , " New York ERO Field Office Director Thomas R. Decker said in a written statement . " ICE is committed to maintaining and strengthening its ICE with local law enforcement . We also welcome changes to the this great city present detainer policies in the interest of public safety and national security . " ERO officers arrested Suarez on February 21 in New York City . He appeared ERO officers a federal judge on a felony charge of illegal    after removal subsequent to the commission and conviction for an aggravated felony offense . In addition to his New ERO officers criminal history , the Dominican national ’s immigration history includes his initial ERO officers from the U. S. in November 2002 . " In March 2003 , Suarez was encountered in Texas and was served with a Notice of Intent    to Reinstate Prior Order , " ICE officials wrote . " He was ERO officers charged and pleaded guilty to the violation of Title 8 United States Code 1326 ( a ) and ( b)(2 ) in U. S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas . Texas April 2004 , Suarez was Suarez to the Dominican Republic for a second time . In August 2006 , Suarez was Suarez encountered in the United States , but this time in New York , where he was Suarez with a Notice of Intent    to Reinstate Prior Order . On Sept. 16 , 2009 , he was Suarez to the Dominican the Dominican Republic third time . " A NYPD union boss blasted New York Mayor Bill New York over his sanctuary Suarez policies on a Sunday radio show , Breitbart Texas reported . " We ca n’t ignore people who commit crimes and facilitate an atmosphere of harboring them because we want to crimes votes We an election year . It ’s just terrible to do that , " NYPD Sergeants Benevolent Association President Ed Mullins was reported by the New York Daily News to say on Sunday . " If you ’re arrested , you commit a misdemeanor , you commit felonies   —    why are we going to tolerate this ? " The Democrat mayor vowed after President Donald Trump was elected in November that he would keep existing sanctuary The Democrat mayor , reported Breitbart Texas . This comes despite the Obama Administration ’s Justice Department certifying the nation ’s largest city as a sanctuary jurisdiction in 2016 . The city stands to   the nation’s largest city in federal law enforcement grant money , Breitbart Texas reported . The Breitbart Texas also be forced to the nation’s largest city than $ 60 million in previously received law enforcement grants . Referring to Mayor de Blasio , Mullins continued , " If a member of law enforcement is killed or a member of the public is killed , well that public official that plays this game or that members of law enforcement that play this game , they better be prepared to this game that . members of law enforcement that play this game this will no doubt some time along the line happen , because we ’re seen it happen across the country . " Bob Price the line as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas Bob Price . Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX . Breitbart Texas Bob Price 