Black women are flocking to firearm classes in cities like Atlanta , Cincinnati , Dallas , and Savannah , learning to shoot and use guns for   . [ The classes are specifically geared toward the women , bearing names like " Trigger Happy Firearm Instruction , " " Brown Girls Project , " and " Black Woman ’s Defense League , " among others . All are designed to teach black women how to properly use a firearm and to carry a firearm in a way that a firearm is accessible and ready if needed for   .   The Guardian reports that domestic violence —   being able to stop and survive such violence —   is one of the big motivators for this movement . In fact ,   Marchelle Tigner —   founder of " Trigger Happy Firearm Instruction " —   is a domestic violence survivor . Tigner discovered Atlanta ’s Bullseye Indoor Range and Gun Shop and " offered the class through social media , hoping for 20 students . " She hit that number within two days so She doubled She expectations and aimed for 40 . A " class scheduled for 4 March sold out to 40 students in 24 hours a third class for 30 on 18 March sold out in 30 hours and so did a fourth on 19 March . " She now has classes scheduled all the way through May , and that includes classes She will teach in Florida . She observed , " The growth of these classes   —    I never expected it . it shows me how unsafe these women feel in these women communities . " The NRA loves seeing gun ownership and training growing among black women . The NRA media relations manager Jason Brown said , " From The NRA ’s perspective , it NRA an awesome trend . " He NRA media relations manager Jason Brown that the The NRA not The NRA old white guy ’s party . " On Friday , April 28 , Antonia Okafor —   a black woman who advocates for the Second Amendment —   will speak to the NRA ’s Leadership Forum the same forum to which President Donald Trump will also speak . Okafor said that " black women " have been among her " biggest critics " in her fight for her rights , but she was simply her out what so many other black women are now realizing . Okafor said , Okafor People do n’t know me , or how I came to my beliefs . My experience comes more from being a woman and being empowered through my gun . " AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of " Bullets with AWR Hawkins , AWR Hawkins Breitbart News podcast . Breitbart News also the AWR Hawkins analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : AWR Hawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart AWR Hawkins com . 
 