WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    China and the United States have agreed to many initial cooperative economic actions as part of a    plan that Presidents Donald Trump and Xi Jinping settled on during Presidents Donald Trump and Xi Jinping Florida Summit , U. S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross explained on Thursday . [ Just one month after the April summit , the two countries have come to these initial agreements on agricultural trade , financial services , investment , and energy .   Under the new agreement between the two nations , China is to start accepting imports of U. S. beef no later than July 16 , 2017 with conditions stipulated under the 1999 Agricultural Cooperation Agreement . The U. S. China have also China to resolve outstanding issues with importing Chinese origin cooked poultry to the U. S. U. S. possible . The U. S. will publish U. S. the issue no later than July 16 , 2017 . Ross said July 16, 2017 on for years . He quantified this as a $ 2 . 5 billion Ross market this is opening up for U. S. beef for which " We U. S. for the first time , have a precise approval and precise date by which beef shipments will start . " Ross later said the U. S. market share of that   Ross depend on effectiveness of cattle people ’s marketing , but he expects that U. S. beef will be popular in China Ross Secretary was later asked if the Administration saw any safety issues Ross the poultry or if the poultry industry anticipates a drag on U. S. poultry prices . Ross replied , " U. S. of Agriculture feels that this will not cause major injury to the U. S. poultry industry . " Ross called the third item on a the poultry industry very big , contentious issue : Ross ’s National Biosafety Committee ( NBC ) is to hold a meeting by the end of May 2017 , to conduct    evaluations of all eight pending U. S. biotechnology product applications to assess the safety of the products for their intended use   …      He said this is about applications that have remained pending for many the products . This will accelerate approvals , according to the Secretary . The fourth agreement states that the U. S. invites China to receive U. S. imports of LNG ( liquefied natural gas ) . U. S. China may proceed at any time U. S. all types of contractual arrangement with U. S. LNG exporters , including    China , subject to the commercial consideration of the parties , " according to U. S. of Commerce announcement of the ten agreements . " This is a very big change and this is very good news for the LNG industry , " said Ross . Later asked about concerns with this move , Ross referred This Dow Chemical , stating that that company has indicated that , as long as the LNG exports do n’t exceed    Ross of total output , " It should not be a problem for domestic chemical companies . " Ross said there should n’t be an adverse effect on consumers . Ross later stated that as China attempts to wean itself off of Ross , it is significantly dependent on outside sources for its LNG Ross much of which comes from Russia . He China this allows China to China their sources and " will provide a China export market for American LNG . " Fifth on Ross list is a China 16 , this deadline for China to allow " wholly    financial services firms in China to provide credit rating services , and to begin the licensing process for China investigation . " Sixth is a U. S. Commodity China Trading Commission ( CFTC ) six month extension of current    relief to Shanghai Clearing House . Further extensions could range to three years . The CFTC intends to do this by July 16 . By the same deadline , China shall issue any further guidelines and " allow CFTC S.   suppliers of electronic payment services ( EPS ) to begin the China process . " The Commerce Department release states , " This should lead to full and prompt market access . " Ross the licensing process for credit investigation eighth agreement item : The Chinese would like to the United States the U. S. banking markets in the same way . Applicable U. S. federal regulatory authorities remain committed to apply in the United States the same bank prudential supervisory and regulatory standards to Chinese banking institutions as to other foreign banking institutions , in like circumstances and in accordance with U. S. law . Agreement nine read , " China is to issue both bond underwriting and settlement licenses to two qualified U. S. financial institutions by July 16 , 2017 . " Ross said this request has been " longstanding to the Chinese . " The tenth initial agreement is , " The United States recognizes the importance of China ’s One Belt and One Road initiative and is to send delegates to attend the Belt and Road Forum in Beijing May   . " In China , the U. S. Commerce Department announcement welcomed Chinese investment and participation in the SelectUSA Investment Summit set to commence June    in Washington , D. C. Ross stated that the document laying out the ten agreements is an official document signed by both the United States and China . In response to questions on whether these agreements related to diplomatic negotiations with China concerning North Korea , Ross said there was not a quid pro quo in the discussions of these agreements . These ten agreements are merely initial China the    action plan D. C. Ross the framework of the U. S.   Comprehensive Economic Dialogue , according the ten agreements Department of the ten agreements Secretary of the Treasury Steven Mnuchin and Secretary of Commerce Ross and Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang lead the negotiations on these issues and objectives for next steps . The Commerce Department stated also that both sides are to begin discussions on a "   plan to further solidify actions in promoting U. S.   economic engagement and cooperation the the Department of Commerce the    plan is implemented , the two countries hope to deepen engagement on other issues this summer at the first Comprehensive Economic Dialogue meeting in Washington , D. C. Ross said a "  plan to further solidify actions in promoting U. S.  economic engagement and cooperation another set of both sides    plan . He called this a " Herculean accomplishment to get this done . This is more than has been done in the whole history of U. S.   relations on trade . " a "  plan to further solidify actions in promoting U. S.  economic engagement and cooperation on Twitter @MichelleDiana D. C. Ross this this 