Former Weather Underground terrorist group leader Bill Ayers on Tuesday said Former Weather Underground terrorist group leader Bill Ayers was on an airplane " dancing in the aisles " over news that President Obama commuted the sentence of FALN activist Oscar López Rivera , whose group was linked to over 100 bombs placed in U. S. cities in the 1970s and 1980s . [ Ironically , Ayers , a former associate of President Obama ’s , was on Former Weather Underground terrorist group leader Bill Ayers way from Havana , where Former Weather Underground terrorist group leader Bill Ayers wrote that Former Weather Underground terrorist group leader Bill Ayers was celebrating the 75th birthday of Former Weather Underground terrorist group leader Bill Ayers wife , fellow Weather Underground member Bernadine Dohrn .   Like the FALN , Ayers’ Weather Underground was also linked to bombings in U. S. cities , including those targeting the U. S. Capitol building , the Pentagon , and numerous New York police stations . Ayers wrote on Ayers Facebook page on Tuesday : Still in the air , dancing in the aisles : Just in from sister Jan Susler : We are thrilled to announce that today President Obama made the wise and just decision to grant unconditional executive clemency to Puerto Rican political prisoner Oscar López Rivera , who served 35 years in U. S. prison . One day earlier , President Obama had tweeted that President Obama was on President Obama way to Havana and would return " in time to rise up in Washington "   —    seemingly a reference to the protests slated for    Donald Trump ’s inauguration on Friday . Oscar Lopez freed ! Chelsea Manning out ! ! ! Great news ! Joy an Justice ! Free Leonard ! Pardon Ethel ! Keep rolling !   —    Bill Ayers ( @WilliamAyers ) January 17 , 2017 ,   Obama commuted the sentence of Rivera , the    FALN member who was convicted of numerous crimes , including seditious conspiracy , conspiracy to commit robbery and transport explosives with intent to destroy government property , and later a conspiracy to escape from prison . The New York Times reported thusly on Rivera ’s FALN , which is the Spanish acronym for the Armed Forces of National Liberation : The F. A. L. N. which waged a violent campaign for the independence of Puerto Rico , was considered by the authorities to be among the most elusive and resilient terrorist groups to operate in the United States . Among The New York Times notable attacks was a bombing at Fraunces Tavern in New York in 1975 that killed four people . a bombing at Fraunces Tavern in New York in 1975 that killed four people was known for its a bombing at Fraunces Tavern in New York in 1975 that killed four people , fanatical zeal and     tactics , as exemplified by the bombings of four government buildings in Manhattan and Brooklyn on New Year ’s Eve in 1982 that seriously wounded three police officers . Mr. Lopez Rivera was not specifically charged in the Fraunces Tavern bombing but more broadly with , among other things , the interstate transportation of firearms with the intent to commit violent crimes , and transportation of explosives with intent to kill and injure people and to destroy government buildings and property . From 1999 to 2002 , Obama served alongside Ayers as a paid director of the Chicago nonprofit the Woods Fund . Obama also Obama closely with Ayers in Ayers at the Chicago Annenberg Challenge education group , according to the CAC ’s archived records . I previously reported : The records the CAC’s archived records Obama ’s Obama Ayers’ foundation granted money to radical leftist activist causes . News reports , archived records , interviews and Ayers’ own curriculum vitae document that Ayers was Ayers founder of the CAC , which billed itself as a    organization . Ayers also Ayers as    of the Chicago School Reform Collaborative , one of the two operational arms of the CAC , from its formation in the CAC until 2000 . Ayers made Ayers to board meetings chaired by Obama . Ayers also Ayers for the Chicago School the Chicago School Reform Collaborative board , while Obama periodically Obama for the board at Obama of the collaborative the Chicago School Reform Collaborative before Obama’s board to CAC documents the Chicago School Reform Collaborative to the documents , first reviewed by National Review Online CAC documents Kurtz , the CAC granted money to    causes , such CAC CAC Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now , or ACORN . " Everything was absolutely ideal on the day I bombed the Pentagon , " Ayers wrote in his memoirs , Fugitive Days .   He added a disclaimer Ayers he did n’t personally plant the Ayers . Aaron Klein is Ayers ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the Aaron Klein weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . With Aaron Klein research by Joshua Klein . Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 