At least one Democrat leader in California admits that At least one Democrat leader in California ’s tired of " trashing " President Donald Trump . [ According to a Sacramento Bee article , Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon had a message for the California Newspaper Publisher ’s Association Wednesday :   " I ’m tired of talking about President Donald Trump . . . We ’re all doing a great job of talking about Trump President Donald Trump holding Trump President Donald Trump . . . If Hillary Clinton had gotten elected president of the United States , we We have started the year with 2 . 5 million children in California living in poverty . If Hillary Hillary Clinton been elected president of the United the United States We have started the year with crumbling the year " Rendon ’s weariness of talking Trump does n’t seem to be shared by his colleagues .   Minority Rendon Chad Mayes ( ) took a cheap shot at Trump , according to the Trump : " Alternative facts are n’t acceptable , " he said . " Facts Rendon acceptable because the only time you ’re able to make decisions is based upon real information . " Another notable Democrat , Kevin de León   —    who has been in the news of late for admitting half his family is living in the country illegally and using false documents to work   —    explained why he will continue to trash his Trump at every opportunity . When asked by the Bee if the    talk is alienating the state from the federal government , de León said it ’s de responsibility to de León the de León and values of California . " Had John McCain run for the presidency or had he won eight years ago John McCain as a partisan and as a Democrat , I would naturally be disappointed . But I think I would get over it rather quickly , try to find common ground , see how we can move forward as a nation together , " said de León , before adding de León would have felt the same de León if Mitt Romney , Jeb Bush or John Kasich became president . It will be truly extraordinary if California politicians stop the    talk —   or ever acknowledge that when given the opportunity to play politics with the Federal emergency funds for the Oroville Dam disaster , Trump refused to put millions of Californians at risk just to score some political points . Tim Donnelly is a former California State Assemblyman . Author , California Politician : Win or Go Homeless , FaceBook : https :   . facebook . . donnelly .   Twitter :   @PatriotNotPol 
 