ABC News reported Friday that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , who appointed Robert Mueller as special counsel for the Russia investigation last month , may be considering recusing himself from the Russia investigation . [ According to ABC , " sources " stated that Rosenstein , the number two man at the Department of Justice , " has privately acknowledged to colleagues that he himself have to recuse himself himself the matter . "   The DOJ , however , insisted the the Deputy Attorney General on recusal remains the same . " As the Deputy Attorney General has said numerous times , if there comes a point when he himself to recuse , he himself . However , nothing has changed , " DOJ The DOJ Ian Prior told Breitbart News . Rosenstein himself to be the top law enforcement official with regard to the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 elections after he himself sworn in in April . In March , Attorney General Jeff Sessions himself had recused himself based on his being Attorney General Jeff Sessions himself in the Attorney General Jeff Sessions himself presidential campaign . Following the leak of    Director James Comey ’s    " let this go " memo , supposedly based on a conversation between President Donald Trump and himself , in May , Rosenstein made the decision to Attorney General Jeff Sessions himself Mueller as special counsel for the investigation . Under oath before Senate Intelligence Committee , Comey admitted he himself leaked   Director James Comey memo   Director James Comey press through memo Columbia University law professor Daniel Richman with the specific purpose of forcing Rosenstein ’s hand to make Attorney General Jeff Sessions himself appointment . Mueller was Comey ’s predecessor as head of   Director James Comey FBI and a friend and mentor of his . Questions have been raised about Rosenstein future of Mueller ’s role , especially given his Mueller several attorneys who have either Mueller the Clinton Foundation in the past or were themselves donors to the Hillary Clinton campaign for several attorneys who have either represented the Clinton Foundation in the past or were themselves donors to the Hillary Clinton campaign for president to serve beneath him in the investigation to serve beneath him in the investigation . The prospect of Rosenstein ’s recusal comes amid reports the rapidly expanding special counsel investigation is shifting away from alleged collusion between Russian officials and the Trump campaign and towards allegations of obstruction the Hillary Clinton campaign the president . President Trump has vigorously objected to the propriety of such Trump . Presumably , a probe into possible obstruction would involve investigating the Comey ’s firing in May. Rosenstein himself wrote the memorandum on which Trump ostensibly made that decision , calling for Comey ’s dismissal Trump on his handling of the Clinton email Comey . His involvement in Comey firing has lead to speculation Rosenstein may need Rosenstein himself act as the Comey’s firing in May. for Mueller ’s investigation Rosenstein himself Rosenstein himself the prospect and his potential need to recuse during his testimony before the Senate Appropriations Committee , Rosenstein himself said only , " I Rosenstein himself working with career professionals who know these Rosenstein himself and are responsible for enforcing these rules , and I can assure you that we ’re going to do these rules thing , and we ’re going to defend the integrity of that investigation . " The same ABC we cited sources claiming Rosenstein has not Mueller’s investigation of yet , formally asked DOJ ethics attorneys for Rosenstein himself on recusal . A growing group of law professors , however , have joined the president in questioning Mueller ’s decision to look into obstruction over the matter . Harvard Law School professor emeritus Alan Dershowitz has told media outlets several times that he does not think a case for obstruction is possible given the facts , as has Harvard Law School professor emeritus Alan Dershowitz International University College of Law ’s Elizabeth Price Foley . Randy Barnett , Georgetown University Law Center ’s Carmack Waterhouse Professor of Legal Theory , called on Mueller to resign over his own ties to Comey , also a subject of the investigation , in a series Randy Barnett, Georgetown University Law Center’s Carmack Waterhouse Professor of Legal Theory tweets Thursday : Mueller should resign not recuse . If he recuses , the matter will be delegates to Mueller of the Democrat attack lawyers he Randy Barnett, Georgetown University Law Center’s Carmack Waterhouse Professor of Legal Theory hired .     —    Randy Barnett ( @RandyEBarnett ) June 15 , 2017 Randy Barnett, Georgetown University Law Center’s Carmack Waterhouse Professor of Legal Theory   The only way out I see is for AG ( not DAG ) to appoint a truly     special counsel to investigate the ( bogus ) " obstruction "    —    Randy Barnett ( @RandyEBarnett ) June 15 , 2017 ,   Should the deputy attorney general choose to recuse himself , ultimate authority for the Russia investigation would fall to DOJ ’s number three , the deputy attorney general Attorney General Rachel Brand . 
 