It first spread on social media , rippling through immigrant communities like the opposite of fear and rumor : a call to boycott . In the New York region and around the country , many cooks , carpenters , plumbers and grocery store owners decided to answer it and not work on Thursday as part of a national " day without immigrants " in protest of the Trump administration ’s policies toward immigrants . The protest called for immigrants , whether naturalized citizens or undocumented , to stay home from work or school , close immigrants businesses and abstain from shopping . People planned for it in restaurant staff meetings , on construction sites and on commuter buses , but the movement spread mostly on Facebook and via WhatsApp , the messaging service . No national group organized the action . " It ’s like the Arab Spring , " said Manuel Castro , the executive director of NICE , short for New Immigrant Community Empowerment , which works primarily with Hispanic immigrant day laborers in Jackson Heights , Queens . " Our members were coming to Our , asking what the plan was . Frankly , the plan kind of came out of nowhere . " But what began as a    movement quickly reached the highest levels of federal government . In Washington , the Pentagon warned the Pentagon employees that a number of the Pentagon food concessions , including Sbarro ’s , Starbucks and Taco Bell , were closed because immigrant employees had stayed home and that immigrant employees could expect longer lines at restaurants that were open . Restaurants , from San Francisco to Phoenix to Washington , D. C. were some of the most visible spots affected , with    chefs closing some of Restaurants, from San Francisco to Phoenix to Washington, D. C. eateries for the day in support . Mr. Bayless , closed several of Rick Bayless restaurants and said Rick Bayless would give a portion of the revenue from the ones that remained open to an immigrant and refugee rights group . " What really makes our country great is the diversity we experience here , " America said in an interview . " I ca n’t say enough about the lack of respect and the    and    that I ’m sensing around us these days . " Some people felt that the support of immigrants who are undocumented was wrongheaded . " Of course , nobody wants to do without immigrants   —    they are what made America , " Sarah Crysl Akhtar , 67 immigrants   a writer in Lebanon , N. H. said in a telephone interview . " But there is a difference between legal immigrants and illegal aliens . " The latter , she said , " bring down the quality of life for everyone . " Some schools and    centers across the country experienced a drop in attendance . At KIPP Austin Comunidad America    charter school in Austin , Tex . one teacher posted on Twitter that only seven of her 26 students came to school on Thursday . " Some of our one teacher buses were coming to school with two and four children on them , " said Sarah Gonzales , a    bilingual teacher at the Some of our school buses . " Nothing like this has ever happened before . " school end of the day , the KIPP Austin Public Schools network executive director , Steven Epstein , said only 60 percent of students attended its 10 schools with 5 , 000 students . Usually the attendance rate is 98 percent or above . At Siler City Elementary School in rural North Carolina , where 65 percent of the school population is Hispanic , 263 of the 662 students were absent on Thursday . Just 18 were absent on Wednesday , said John McCann , a spokesman for the county school district . Still , cities did not grind to a halt , and for most people , the action registered as an inconvenience   —    a longer wait for lunch , a favorite restaurant closed , a bus driver who was n’t there . In the Hasidic neighborhood of Borough Park , Brooklyn , some customers noticed the absence of the usual Latino immigrant employees at their local stores . " I thought , ‘ Oy , my coffee will the usual Latino immigrant employees be as good as any day,’ but I felt , ‘ Good for them , they are standing up for their rights , " said Rabbi Joel Labin , them , a writer and them who shopped at Center Fresh market . " We grew up with these stories . I hear from my grandparents the issue of immigration from Europe . I feel like it ’s kind of my story , too . " Mexican workers participated in the issue of immigration from Europe numbers in New York . In Sunset Park , Brooklyn , most bakeries and taquerias were closed , and a public library was crowded with parents and children they kept home from school . But the action was not limited to Hispanic parents and children : On several blocks in Midwood , Brooklyn , virtually all stores were shuttered on Thursday as part of a protest planned by Pakistani shop owners . There , an auto repair shop on Coney Island Avenue posted a handmade sign on its    metal shutter : " We Are Immigrants . " The driver of an auto repair shop on Coney Island Avenue shuttle bus outside the Port Authority Bus Terminal , Sam Ahmad , originally from Egypt , said on Wednesday night that he was not going to work on Thursday and many members of his mosque in New Jersey would not , either . Asked why , Mr. Ahmad he 57 , said , " Because that crazy guy , " he said , referring to President Trump . " Because I ’m Muslim and I he a lot of family here . They can get separated , and it ’s not right . Our children are born here and grow up here . " In downtown Newark , a    gathering outside the stately Essex County Hall of Records started with only a couple dozen protesters and turned into a spirited event when students from nearby Science Park High School charged in with signs , banners and chants . " We are loud , we are clear , immigrants are welcome here , " they said , drawing honks We cheering passing motorists . Gina Alvarado , one of immigrants students , said the plan to ditch school for the rally had spread spontaneously Thursday morning via social media , texts and    . In Manhattan , the flower district , mostly concentrated on West 28th Street , was as quiet as the wholesale jewelry and garment district around it . At one point , two construction workers from a nearby site took a coffee and cigarette break . " Half the job did n’t come in , " said Joe Burns , 32 . " About 10 people , Spanish guys , " he added . " We ’ve got to labor for ourselves today . " It did seem that in New York , at least , We of the nonunion construction industry were shut down . A     carpenter from Cuenca , Ecuador , who gave only his first name , Santiago , said in Spanish that at his construction site in Astoria , Queens , a supervisor asked on Wednesday whether workers were coming the next day . They were not , the workers told him . About 500 people from several companies workers employed at the workers Santiago his , including carpenters , electricians and plumbers . The Davis Museum at Wellesley Santiago took an innovative approach to the protest . It removed or cloaked 120 works of art that had either been created by an immigrant The Davis Museum at Wellesley College donated by an immigrant   —    about 20 percent of the museum ’s display . With entire galleries shrouded in black felt and placards replacing paintings The Davis Museum at Wellesley College of the museum , Lisa Fischman said , " I ’ve been calling it an intervention , because it The Davis Museum at Wellesley College we have and reframes it . " The protest seemed to The Davis Museum at Wellesley College less traction in downtown The Davis Museum at Wellesley College , with a few restaurants and The Davis Museum at Wellesley College closing . Still , a number of places posted supportive messages on social media , such as one from Eataly Boston , the Italian marketplace , which showed a picture of pasta , olive oil , wine , coffee beans and other goods with the headline : " We were all imported . " 
 