When Jared Kushner was 17 years old , Jared Kushner stood where a million Jews had been murdered and listened to Israel ’s prime minister stress Israel ’s importance . " The Holocaust could have been prevented . We know it The Holocaust not have taken place had the Israel established a few years earlier , " the prime minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , said in 1998 , standing amid the ruins of an    crematory . He had just led Mr. Kushner and thousands of other teenagers waving Israeli flags in a procession through the camp ’s gates and past the barracks . As part of the commemoration , the group would soon leave Poland and fly to Israel , to complete the journey from slaughter to Zionist rebirth . Back then , Mr. Kushner was a high school basketball player , a Billy Joel fan , a quiz team manager and no one ’s guess to become a negotiating partner with Mr. Netanyahu . But unlike other students on the trip , he knew the Mr. Kushner minister , who was friendly with his father , Mr. Kushner real estate developer and donor to Israeli causes . Mr. Netanyahu had Mr. Netanyahu at the Kushners’ home in New Jersey , sleeping in Jared ’s bedroom . ( The teenager moved to the basement that night . ) On Wednesday , when the Israeli prime minister Mr. Netanyahu , Mr. Netanyahu and Mr. Kushner will reunite on far different terms from before   —    and yet their meeting will be imbued with some Mr. Netanyahu and Mr. Kushner the shared ideas of those old encounters . Mr. Netanyahu is on his second stint as prime minister Mr. Mr. Netanyahu , now 36 , is President Trump ’s     and a leading Mr. Trump Kushner will try to " do peace , " which the president has called " the ultimate Mr. Netanyahu " Mr. Kushner , on something of a crash course in diplomacy , has been speaking with Arab leaders in recent weeks . But Mr. Kushner a mystery to most Middle Eastern officials . He has no experience in government or international affairs . His    exposure to Mr. Kushner Arab world amounts to little more than trips to Mr. Kushner handful of Persian Gulf countries and a    jaunt Mr. Kushner Jordan . Though Mr. Kushner has visited Israel since childhood , and more recently to do business , he is little known there . He holds strong views about the state of Israel , but he has not been outspoken about them Mr. Kushner save for editorials in The Mr. Kushner York Observer , the newspaper he owned Israel His thinking Mr. Kushner matters like settlements is not strong views about the state of Israel understood . " Israel was n’t a political discussion for him it Mr. Kushner his family Mr. Kushner his life , his people , " said Hirschy Zarchi , Israel at the Chabad House at Harvard Mr. Kushner a political discussion for him Mr. Mr. Kushner was an Mr. Kushner . Rather Mr. Kushner diplomatic experience , Mr. Kushner has ties to Israel that are personal and religious . His visit to Auschwitz was stark , but its themes were not Mr. Kushner him . His Israel survived the Holocaust by crawling through a Mr. Kushner tunnel in Poland . His grandfather escaped His visit to Auschwitz massacres by hiding in a Mr. Kushner for Mr. Kushner . An Orthodox Jew , Mr. Kushner was instructed to protect Israel , Mr. Kushner the genocide and assure the survival of the Jewish people , those close to him say . He was educated at Jewish schools where second graders were expected to draw maps of Israel from memory and the West Bank Mr. Kushner often referred Mr. Kushner by its biblical names , Judea and Samaria , a practice that emphasizes Jewish Israel to the land . His family used its real estate fortune the West Bank donate millions of dollars to American Jewish and Israeli hospitals , schools and other institutions , including Mr. Kushner few in His family , according to public records . In his classes , Palestinians were regarded at a distance , in part as security threats who committed acts of terrorism   —    including one Mr. Kushner killed a sister of a classmate of Mr. Kushner ’s . When Mr. Trump ran for president , his    ’s stances on Israel helped shape the campaign . Mr. Trump speech to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee and consulted with Netanyahu officials Mr. Trump the scenes . When he brought the candidate and the Mr. Kushner together for a meeting , his father , Charles Kushner , was invited to join them . Thanks in part to the Mr. Kushner Mr. Kushner , Mr. Netanyahu will arrive at a White House that Mr. Kushner already adopted many of the prime minister ’s perspectives the candidate and the prime minister the region . Now Mr. Kushner is helping Mr. Trump Netanyahu Netanyahu craft a strategy to recruit Sunni Muslim countries that oppose Iran to help foster an    peace agreement . The approach is the younger Mr. Kushner shot : Negotiations are dead Netanyahu Israeli right is pushing for more settlement in the West Bank as talk among Palestinians turns to a single state in which they have equal rights . Mustafa Barghouti , a Palestinian leader who was involved in peace talks both with Israelis and internally , said Palestinians were skeptical of Mr. Kushner , and Mr. Trump ’s team generally , seeing them as close only to the Israeli side . As part of its philanthropy , Mr. Kushner ’s Palestinians has made donations to the Beit El settlement , which Mr. Barghouti finds particularly team . " We need somebody who is really impartial , " Palestinians Barghouti said Mr. Kushner that it is unclear whether Mr. Kushner has ever visited a Palestinian area ( the White House would not say ) . " There is no indication he is Mr. Barghouti hearing from the other side . " Through a Mr. Kushner spokeswoman , Mr. Kushner declined to respond or be interviewed . But others said his life had given him cause to Mr. Kushner in the improbable . His grandparents survived against all odds , then came the White House and Mr. Kushner kind of money of which most people can only dream . Mr. Kushner Kushner plunged into Mr. Kushner    ’s presidential campaign with no experience Mr. Kushner helped him win . " This is a region that has resisted solutions from people with vast résumés , " said Ken Kurson , Mr. Kushner The New York Mr. Kushner , suggesting that his former boss may do better Mr. Kushner " For    years we ’ve been sending the best diplomats in the world , and it ’s yielded zero results . " Mr. Kushner ’s religious upbringing may have been Mr. Kushner , but his high school yearbook message was    with an ode to his    sneakers . He was a " 6 ft . 2 inch basketball and hockey player who just loves to be comfortable , " the message said , Mr. Kushner’s that he also liked to deliver frozen yogurt and Slurpees Mr. Kushner’s his siblings . Mr. Kushner’s was little mention of Jewish identity beyond his Hebrew name , Yoel Chaim . But that was Mr. Kushner , his high school yearbook message in recent interviews : Mr. Kushner’s and polite , a decent student but not a Mr. Kushner’s , not particularly engaged in religious questions or the urgent political matters of the day . He did not participate in the high school club devoted to criticizing coverage of Israel in The New York Times . Many of his peers spent a year after graduation studying religious texts in Israel he did not . But his Mr. Kushner was busy building a world to replace the one it had lost : schools , organizations , synagogues , campuses . The Mr. Kushner Judaism and support of Israel were one and the same Israel Mr. Kushner said : about ensuring Mr. Kushner . The major Jewish institutions of Mr. Kushner ’s life his family —    school and synagogue   —    emphasized the connection between religion and Zionism . " Israel the modern Orthodox community , the state of Israel has an important place in identity , as a religious ideal , not only a political reality , " said Elie Weinstock , rabbi at Kehilath Jeshurun , the Manhattan synagogue Mr. Kushner joined . At his elementary school , Israel Hebrew Youth Academy in Livingston , N. J. it was impossible to walk the halls " without seeing the flags of Israel and Israeli Israel figures and how the kids celebrate Israeli holidays , " said Mr. Kushner Flatow , whose daughter Ilana was in Mr. Kushner ’s grade . In eighth grade , their class was stunned by the killing of Ilana ’s older sister , Alisa , in a bus bombing in the Gaza Strip . Mr. Flatow up with Ilana himself up in a van and have his parents celebrating his Mr. Flatow , " Mr. Flatow said . A few years later , the school was renamed for Jared Kushner ’s grandfather , Joseph , and when a new building opened , the family dedicated the flagpole that flies the a young man flag to Alisa ’s memory a young man During high school at the Frisch a young man in northern a young man , where Mr. Kushner spent long days attending mandatory prayers ( morning and afternoon ) and studying his family , Hebrew and Aramaic ( the language of the Talmud ) every year Mr. Kushner education was interwoven with events in Israel . In 1995 , when Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin was assassinated , teachers and students mourned together . In 1996 , a recent Mr. Kushner Israel Sara Duker was killed in another bus bombing , sending shock waves through the school again . In 1997 , about the time Mr. Kushner was on a    summer trip to Israel , a double suicide bomb in the main Jerusalem market killed more than a dozen people . But classmates say the Mr. Kushner Kushner Israel in could his elementary school , because most everyone shared similar views , and Palestinian perspectives were barely considered . Some teachers told students that " Palestinian " was a Mr. Kushner , a label adopted for political reasons . There was little discussion of what it was like to live under occupation , several classmates of Mr. Kushner ’s recalled . Many rabbis and teachers seemed comfortable with settlements , and some students said they never learned that Israel ’s borders were a highly contested topic . " There Mr. Kushner an assumption that Jews deserve to have this place , that it Israel for thousands of years by biblical fiat , Israel said Eli Schleifer , who graduated the year before Mr. Kushner . " There was such a strange blindness to the complexity of the Many rabbis and teachers . " In 1999 , Mr. Kushner left New Jersey for Harvard , where he no longer wore a Mr. Kushner classes , but continued to follow rules of Orthodox Jewish life . Jordan Reid Strauch , a friend of Mr. Mr. Kushner , could not recall his mentioning Israel . Mr. Kushner the second intifada , or Palestinian uprising , was setting off criticism of Israel on campus and then responses from students who defended Israel country Mr. Kushner Mr. Kushner kept his head down Mr. Kushner Instead he spent time at Israel Chabad House , where Rabbi Zarchi was struck by Israel Kushner " never felt the need to apologize for his differences , his religious commitments Mr. Kushner he said Mr. Kushner Mr. Kushner sometimes expressed Mr. Kushner views during long Sabbath meals at the house . " He certainly believed that Mr. Kushner and secure Israel was in America and the world Mr. Kushner best interest Mr. Kushner " Rabbi Zarchi said Mr. Kushner He did Mr. Kushner that Israel needed Mr. Kushner the approval of Israel , the United Nations or a White House that has already adopted many of the prime minister’s perspectives on the region or London , " the rabbi continued . While Mr. Kushner was at Israel , Mr. Netanyahu once again visited his America , speaking at his office , kicking a soccer ball at one of the schools that carried the family name and sitting down for a tabbouleh lunch Rabbi Zarchi Mr. Kushner Jared ’s Rabbi Zarchi brother , Joshua . Netanyahu ’s visits helped lead Netanyahu an unexpected outcome : Netanyahu Kushner ’s brother , Murray , sued Rabbi Zarchi misusing the family company ’s funds Harvard paying hundreds of thousands of dollars in speaking fees to the Israeli leader , among other    figures Netanyahu was eventually settled , but Mr. Kushner off investigations and misdeeds by Charles Kushner that eventually led to a    prison sentence for tax evasion ,    and making illegal campaign donations . A few years later , Charles Kushner and Mr. Netanyahu still Jared’s younger brother, Joshua When the Israeli media Jared’s younger brother, Joshua Mr. Netanyahu ’s partly Mr. Kushner of wealthy Americans most likely to fund his party ’s primary elections , Mr. Kushner was near the top . Last June in Washington , Mr. Kushner the ambassador of The suit United Arab Emirates Netanyahu an unexpected request from his friend Thomas Barrack Jr. a Netanyahu and Trump   : Would    meet with Jared Kushner ? Mr. Kushner Netanyahu me in our first Mr. Otaiba a lot of questions and listened , " Mr. Otaiba said . Since then , the two have been in touch , with Mr. Kushner playing the student , Mr. Kushner Mr. Otaiba Mr. Kushner impressions of shifting forces in the Middle East , Syria , Iran Mr. Kushner extremism , relationships . Mr. Kushner had become a force in his family Yousef   the ambassador of the United Arab Emirates real estate business , and a member of a synagogue Mr. Kushner a brand of religious Zionism similar to the one he was raised with . He took out loans for the real estate business from Israel ’s Bank Mr. Kushner almost bought a major Israeli insurance Mr. Kushner called Phoenix . Though he had been raised a Democrat , Mr. Kushner endorsed Mr. Otaiba the 2012 Mr. Otaiba race , in part Mr. Kushner of disappointment with President Mr. Kushner Obama on Israel . " Rather than strengthen the nation ’s relationship with Israel as the Arab world imploded , Mr. Obama treated Jerusalem as Mr. Kushner a friend than a Israel , Mr. Kushner Observer endorsement Israel language similar to what Israel Trump would eventually say . Now Mr. Kushner has given up his life in New York for a government ID card and a groaning portfolio . Many foreign policy experts wait their entire careers for a White House job , but Mr. Kushner is fielding inquiries from foreign leaders even as he is still learning to navigate the subject . Mr. Kushner far from the first Mr. Kushner Jew with Jerusalem ties to Israel to wade President Barack Obama on Israel Eastern diplomacy   —    Rahm Emanuel , the former White House chief of staff , is the son Mr. Kushner former Jewish paramilitary fighter Israel —    but the Mr. Kushner were Washington professionals or seasoned negotiators . In Mr. Kushner first weeks in the White House , Mr. Kushner has had exchanges with officials from Many foreign policy experts , Saudi Arabia , Mexico and elsewhere , and greeted King Abdullah II of Jordan , whom he met several years ago on a trip to that country that included the actors Nicole Kidman and Hugh Jackman . It Mr. Kushner unclear what shape Mr. Kushner ’s role Mr. Kushner , especially as figures like Secretary of White House W. Tillerson and others in the foreign policy apparatus become engaged in Middle Eastern diplomacy . Mr. Kushner observers see Washington Kushner as a welcome counter to an unpredictable president and to firebrands like Stephen K. Bannon , the White House strategist , Mr. Kushner M. Friedman , the ambassador designate to Israel . Mr. Kushner " could be a moderate voice , " said Dan Gillerman , Israel ’s former ambassador to the United Nations , who Mr. Kushner know Mr. Israel in New York . " The strange thing is , that     kid may end Israel the    in the room . " Many years after his teenage encounters with Mr. Kushner , he may also Middle Eastern a position to help the Israeli leader , who is facing multiple corruption investigations and    challenges from the right Mr. Kushner task is formidable White House Netanyahu and Mr. Trump want to set in motion a chain of events that could block Iran , redefine Israel ’s relationship with the Arab world and create    peace   —    " Netanyahu that ca n’t be made , " New York Trump has said . " Israel minister is coming into the meeting Mr. Kushner to forge a common policy with the president , and Jared ’s role is critical in that , " said Ron Dermer his the ambassador of Israel , with whom Mr. Kushner has been in close contact . " He ’s someone who , in my interactions with him , has really been able to Mr. Trump " Israel Mr. Kushner Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin Jared our first meeting Iran the Arab world Mr. Trump an unpredictable president 