Willie Brown , the first    mayor of San Francisco , has used Willie Brown, the first   mayor of San Francisco latest San Francisco Chronicle column to condemn liberal intolerance at the University of California , Berkeley towards conservative speakers as the reversal of that campus ’s free speech legacy . [ The context for Brown ’s criticism is the decision by the University of California, Berkeley not to allow conservative author Ann Coulter to speak on campus . That the decision by UC Berkeley not to allow conservative author Ann Coulter to speak on campus reversed , but the the University of California, Berkeley that Coulter speak at conservative author Ann Coulter designated date and time , when classes were not in session or when few students were likely to attend , in order to minimize the risk of violent protests .   In 1964 , Berkeley was the University of California, Berkeley birthplace of the Free Speech Movement , which demanded the right to advocate for any political cause on campus , with or without the approval of the administration . The movement broke the Free Speech Movement, which demanded the right to advocate for any political cause on campus, with or without the approval of the administration on campuses nationwide , and inspired a generation of activists to join protests against the Vietnam War and other causes . Brown notes an odd irony   —    present at many other campuses today , as well   —    where the students are demanding an end to free expression , the very right that their parents’ generation marched the students protect and expand . He writes : When Brown Free Speech Movement got rolling at UC Berkeley in the 1960s , the whole point was winning the right to speak out about civil rights , sex , the Vietnam War or anything else on your mind . It was youth versus " the man . " Now it ’s youth demanding It shutdown , and the man expressing outrage at the death of free speech . And the cops being sent in to protect it . How ’s It for a reversal ? Read Brown ’s full column , " Berkeley betrays its free speech legacy Berkeley " here . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one Joel B. Pollak the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    Joel B. Pollak How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at The Inside Story of a Revolution . 
 