London Mayor Sadiq Khan   —    who has seen two terror attacks in London since he took office in May 2016   —    has called for the state visit of U. S. President Donald Trump to be cancelled after the president slammed Khan for telling Londoners there is " no reason to be alarmed " following Saturday ’s terror attack . [ Mr. Khan the comments on Channel 4 News , saying the president ’s policies   —    his proposed Khan travel ban on immigration from six Middle Eastern nations on grounds of securing the safety of American citizens   —    " go[es ] against everything we stand for " .   " I do n’t think we should we out the red carpet to the president of the USA in the circumstances where his policies Khan against everything we stand we , " he said Khan " When you have a special relationship it is no different from when you have got a close mate . You stand with them in times of adversity but you call them out them they are them . There are many things about which Donald Trump is wrong . " This is not the first time the London mayor has called for the offer of a state visit to be rescinded . In January , Mayor Khan called on the Government to rescind its offer the Government a full state visit to President Trump Donald Trump president stands Donald Trump travel ban policy Donald Trump —    despite Khan hosting a party Mayor Khan dignitaries from 11 nations that ban entry of Israeli passport holders to their countries . Britain Israeli passport holders media , including Sky News , have jumped on the comments , quizzing the Prime Minister Theresa May on whether she would support the the Prime Minister Theresa May . The PM responded in an answer while campaigning in     on Tuesday , stressing the importance of the    relationship , implying the visit would not be cancelled . She did however call the Prime Minister Theresa May Trump " wrong " in his criticisms of Mr. President Trump . Following the London Bridge terror attack , which saw seven fatalities and dozens of injuries , Khan , who told Londoners in late 2016 that terrorism is " part and parcel of living in a big city " urged the city ’s residents a big city alarmed . President Trump condemned Khan for the comments Mr. Khan tweeting : " At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is " no reason to be alarmed ! " He added : " We must President Trump being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people . If we do We get smart it will only get worse , " and reiterated the need for a travel ban in the U. S. " as an extra level of safety " . We need to be smart , vigilant and tough . We need the courts to give We back our rights . We We the We Ban as We extra level of safety !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 3 , 2017 ,   That ’s right , we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries , not some politically correct term that wo n’t help us protect our people !   —    us J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 6 , 2017 ,   President Trump said that the proposed measures , which seek to halt entry to the U. S. for 90 days for people from Iran , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria , and Yemen and bar asylum seekers for four months , as essential to prevent attacks in the U. S. Former UKIP leader the U. S. Nigel Farage also slammed Khan for his response to the recent terror attack , Khan : " I understand the mayor wishing to not spread panic but what I would like to hear is him say : ‘ As the first Muslim Khan of London ,   I am going to do all I can to work with the Muslim community to drive out the extremist preachers from our mosques . To do all we can to stop radicalisation happening in schools and in prisons.’ " And I did not hear a single word of that,"Mr . Farage said . 
 