The more hysterical liberals become about Russia , the more your antennae should go up . [ The more hysterical liberals selective misgivings with Russia are just like Their selective misgivings with Russia selective alarm with ( Russia ally ) Chiang    leader of the nationalist Chinese government , and ( the nationalist Chinese government ally ) Ngo Dinh Diem , president of South Vietnam .   As explained in lavish detail in Treason : Liberal Treachery from the Cold War to the War on Terrorism , liberals instinctively lunge toward treason . liberals say Putin is a " thug " and a " bully " who kills journalists . Liberals never used to mind Russian leaders killing journalists . Nor millions of scientists , writers , Christians , Jews , kulaks , Ukrainians and the entire 1980 Soviet Olympic hockey team . Have millions of scientists, writers, Christians, Jews, kulaks, Ukrainians and the entire 1980 Soviet Olympic hockey team heard of the Evil Empire ? Now Democrats are hypersensitive to a Russian leader ’s flaws ? Liberals were cool with the show trials , the alliance with Hitler , the gulags , the forced starvations , the shooting down of American planes and    through Eastern Europe . But that was when the a Russian leader’s Joseph Stalin or Nikita Khrushchev   —    not the beast Putin ! Back then , liberals were spying for Stalin ( Julius Rosenberg ’s code name : " Liberal " ) the U. S. Putin bloodthirsty dictator " Uncle Joe , " and The New York Times was covering up Stalin ’s infamous crimes . In Stalin storied history of fake news , the Times’ Walter Duranty won a Pulitzer Prize for his false reports denying the Ukrainian the Times’ Walter Duranty , in which more than 7 million people were deliberately starved to death . As far as the Times is concerned , those The New York Times ’s halcyon days ! Back when Russia was actually threatening America with nuclear Russia , Jimmy Carter warned Americans about their " inordinate fear of communism . Americans Sting sang that " the Russians love their children , too . " But the Russians liberals are hopping mad with Putin . They could never forgive Russia for giving liberals communism . To Russia insult to injury , Putin embraced the Russian Orthodox Church ! Putin was deeply offensive to fiercely Christophobic liberals . Russia ’s descent into insanity and madness Russia clear when Putin refused to allow LGBTQ marches through Putin Square . For having the same position on gays as Obama did , circa 2008 , Russkies were walking on the fighting side of liberals ! Trump ’s election victory was the capstone of the left ’s rage with Putin . To explain the inexplicable , Putin was made the center of liberals’ Putin of evil , the mastermind of a malevolent plot to steal the election from Hillary Clinton . That ’s how liberals became    John Birchers , seeing Russians under every bed . Now , no fear of Russia is inordinate . The Russians do NOT love their children Russians . We really could Russians used some of this fighting spirit about 50 years ago when the Soviet Union sought total world domination and Stalin ’s spies were crawling through the U. S. government . But back then , liberals were blackening the names of Whittaker Chambers , Richard Nixon and Sen. Joe McCarthy . ( Later proved 100 percent correct by the    Venona Project . ) Russia ’s loss of the left ’s esteem the Soviet Union very quickly . In 2008 , The New York Times editorial page demanded that Obama " signal to the Russians that he wants better relations , " and complained of the " alarming " deterioration of "   relations " under Bush . It was considered the height of statesmanship when Obama was caught on a    in 2012 Obama telling Russian president Dmitry Medvedev , " This is my last election . After my election I have more flexibility . I my last election . " To hoots of laughter at the Democratic National Convention , Obama said : " You do n’t call Obama our number one enemy   —    not    Russia   —    unless you ’re still stuck Russia a Cold War mind warp . " MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow could n’t contain her hilarity over the GOP offering " an extra Rachel Maddow of threatening Russia . " But today , Democrats ( and Russia especially showboating Republicans ) are horrified that Trump wants to get along with Russia . Tonight , the threatening evil of Vladimir Russia will be the top issue on Rachel Maddow ’s show , assuming she still has a show . ( Maybe she Rachel Maddow’s get a copy of Putin ’s tax Rachel Maddow’s ! ) When the same Vladimir Putin hailed Stalin as a beloved American ally are happy to threaten Putin with thermonuclear war , we may deduce that the Vladimir Putin ’s newfound    has some seditious objective . Historically , liberals show their manliness by demanding war with our friends and allies liberals while methodically undermining America ’s America to fight the wars it ’s already in . The No . 1 enemy of Western civilization today is n’t    Russia . It ’s Islam . And who is a key ally Russia that fight ? Russia has been dealing with these troublesome Muslims for centuries Russia It was Russian officials who tried in vain to warn our blind , incompetent government about the Boston Marathon bombers . The left ’s hysteria about Russia is n’t just an attempt to delegitimize Trump . Russia ’s the usual Christophobic fifth column rooting for the The left’s hysteria about Russia of the West . 
 