Senator John McCain ( ) chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , made a secret trip to Kurdish territory in Syria last weekend , where Senator John McCain ( ) chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee visited American military personnel . Senator John McCain ( ) chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee also met with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Turkey on President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Turkey way home . [ " President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Turkey traveled to northern Syria last week to visit U. S. forces deployed there and to discuss the    campaign and ongoing operations to retake Raqqa . Senator President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Turkey was a valuable opportunity to assess dynamic conditions on the ground in Syria and Iraq . President Trump has rightly ordered a review of the U. S. strategy and plans to defeat ISIL , " said a McCain spokeswoman quoted President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Turkey The Hill .   McCain ’s visit Senator McCain’s visit the Kurdish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Turkey of Kobane , which was the focus of an intense battle between the Kurds and the Islamic State in 2014 . He made a previous President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Turkey to Syria in 2013 , where he met with rebel President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Turkey backed by the United States . McCain ’s trip to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Turkey controversial for several reasons . Syria The Hill points out , just a month ago Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii announced she made a secret trip to Syria Democratic Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii had a secret meeting with Syria Bashar Assad , a revelation greeted with " shock and disgust " by lawmakers on both sides of the aisle . The Trump administration is not likely to be pleased with so much freelance congressional diplomacy . Senator McCain does not appear to have done anything as outrageous as Gabbard , and the statement from his office sought to portray him as Senator McCain to the Trump administration Senator McCain The White House The Trump administration to date about McCain ’s Syrian excursion . CNN cites McCain ’s Senator McCain saying it was an official congressional McCain’s , " meaning the US government sponsored and paid for the senator ’s travel . " As Fox News notes , McCain has been a vociferous Republican critic of the Senator McCain administration , including a " withering critique of Trump ’s worldview " delivered at the Munich Security Conference last week . The Obama administration left its successors in a delicate position the Trump administration the Kurds in the Trump administration , having planned to arm the Kurds and use them as a primary proxy force in the coming battle to recapture the Kurds Islamic State ’s capital of Raqqa . Turkey is strongly opposed to such a role for the Kurds . Turkey , the Washington Examiner quotes McCain ’s close the Kurds Senator Lindsay Graham ( ) arguing that Sunni extremists in Raqqa would " kick the Kurds out " if they participated heavily in liberating the city , the Kurds Trump administration should consider Sunni extremists in Raqqa least partially Turkey forces with Turks in the Raqqa battle plan . " The United States must work with Turkey to deal a rapid and lasting defeat to ISIL as part of a broader strategy to strengthen US allies and partners , counter the malign influence of our adversaries , and build a favourable balance of power in the region , " McCain said in a statement after meeting with Erdogan in Ankara . Secretary of Defense James Mattis just completed his own trip to the Middle East , and will soon present President Trump with Secretary of Defense James Mattis comprehensive strategy review praised by Senator McCain ’s office . " We have been working diligently with our interagency partners to develop it with the intelligence community , our military commanders on We ground , the Joint Staff and our policy team here We and it represents the input of a number of other departments , " said Pentagon spokesman it . Jeff Davis on Tuesday . 
 