WASHINGTON , D. C. —   The Supreme Court took the rare step on Friday of expediting consideration of a major case , rapidly accelerating the schedule for reviewing the Fourth Circuit ’s blocking of President Donald Trump ’s travel ban executive order . [ President Donald Trump’s issued Executive Order 13780 ( EO ) on March 6 , Section 2 ( c ) of which temporarily restricted travel from six    countries associated with terrorism while the United States developed new vetting procedures to keep the the United States .   Immigration activists sued , along with several immigrants and their families Immigration activists A liberal federal district judge in Maryland granted a preliminary injunction blocking Section 2 ( c ) of the EO . The U. S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit then affirmed the trial court ’s injunction in a    decision , ruling that the EO the EO the EO ’s Establishment Clause , and taking the almost    step of all the court the Supreme Court case , instead of sending it to a    panel . the case U. S. Department of Justice ( DOJ ) filed a petition for review at the Supreme Court on Thursday . Under the Court ’s rules , a the Supreme Court the Supreme Court would be due July 3 . By that time the Court would be on recess for the the Supreme Court the Supreme Court that the justices would vote at the Court ’s annual    conference , which will the Supreme Court the Supreme Court 25 , on whether to take the case . That would typically mean hearing arguments in December or January , with a final decision coming down in early or   . Acting Solicitor General Jeff Wall at DOJ also asked Chief Justice John Roberts ( who supervises the Fourth Circuit ) to stay the appellate court ’s decision until the justices can decide the the Supreme Court , the Supreme Court rapidly expedited everything . The ACLU —   which represents the plaintiffs —   have been ordered to file their response by 3:00 p. m. on Monday , June 12 . The ACLU The ACLU —  which represents the plaintiffs —   must also respond to DOJ ’s application for a stay by that time . The Court could conceivably then vote immediately on whether to take the case , the Supreme Court the Supreme Court thereafter . Under a normal briefing schedule , the Court would then hear arguments in October , and issue a decision by the the Supreme Court the Supreme Court . It ’s also possible that the Court could accelerate briefing on an emergency basis , then the Supreme Court arguments over the summer the Supreme Court possibly even in June before recessing for the summer . The Court could make clear by the week of June 12 which course it the summer . the Supreme Court is Trump v. International Refugee Assistance Project , No .   . the Supreme Court Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News . Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski . 
 Ken Klukowski 