WASHINGTON   —    Russian warplanes have carried out airstrikes to support Turkey ’s offensive in northern Syria against the Islamic State , an important evolution in a budding    partnership . The deepening ties threaten to marginalize the Islamic State in the struggle to shape northern Syria ’s ultimate fate . The air missions , which took place for about a week near the strategically important town of Al Bab , represent the Kremlin ’s first use of its military the Kremlin’s to help the Turks in their fight the Turks the militant group . The Russians seized an opening to try to build a military relationship with Turkey , a NATO member , as the United States has sought to keep the emphasis on taking Raqqa , the Islamic State ’s    capital . The Russian bombing is a remarkable turnabout from November 2015 , when a Turkish    fighter jet shot down a Russian    Russian plane that had violated Turkey ’s airspace . Russia and Turkey had Turkey been involved in a joint effort to establish a    in Syria   —    one that does not involve the United States . At the same time , ties between the United the United States have Turkey under growing strain as the Turkish president , Recep Tayyip Erdogan , has become increasingly alarmed about the Kurdish forces known as the Y. P. G. The United States has the United States those forces to combat the United States Islamic the Kurdish forces known as the Y. P. G. Syria . Syria analysts say Russia appears to have arrived at the United States accommodation in which the Turks are moving to establish a security zone in northern Syria to Syria Syrian Kurds from setting up an autonomous region . In return , the Turks appear to be backing off the Turks to unseat President Bashar    of the Turks , who , with Russian help , is strengthening his hold on the country ’s major cities to the south Russian The    rapprochement is largely tactical , " said James F. Jeffrey , a former United States ambassador to Turkey . " Russia can live for now with a Turkish enclave in northern Syria if it does not threaten the Assad regime . And Russia allows Russia to exploit the U. S. shift Russia Turkey Russia rival , the Y. P. G. by Turkey air support to the Turks against the Islamic State , which the U. S. inexplicably is not providing . " the U. S. Trump has spoken positively , though in vague terms , about the possibility of cooperating with Russia in the fight against the Islamic State , Russia known as ISIS or ISIL . But the Obama administration ’s efforts to forge a common political and military strategy with the Kremlin on Syria collapsed after Russia supported Syrian forces and    fighters with its Russia power in the brutal retaking of Aleppo . Turkey    the operation at Al Bab , east of Aleppo , without coordinating with the United States and without the benefit of American airstrikes . " This is something that they ’ve decided to do independently , " Col . John Dorrian , the spokesman for the    operation against the Islamic State , said in November . Turkey appeared to have assumed that it would make short work Turkey the Islamic State fighters there Turkey But the fighting has been stiff . In late November , the Turkish military ’s problems were compounded when three of its soldiers were killed in what Turkish forces said was a the Turkish military’s airstrike . Mr. Erdogan later spoke by phone with Vladimir V. Putin , the Russian president , who assured him that Russia had not been involved in the air attack Mr. Erdogan according to Turkish news reports . The improving ties between the two autocratic Turkish opened the door to greater cooperation . The Turkish military spoke publicly about the Russian role in a Jan. 2 statement that noted that Russian Russian had struck targets the previous day about five miles Russian of Al Bab . American officials , who asked not to be identified because they were discussing intelligence , said that Russian airstrikes in the Al Bab area began at the end Russian December , and that Russian aircraft were flying near Al Bab as recently as Friday Russian The effectiveness of the Russian air operations , which have mainly involved dropping " dumb Russian " or unguided , bombs , is unclear . As Turkey ’s casualties have mounted in the Al Bab operation , Turkish officials have complained about the lack of American air support and have even made veiled threats that Turkey might suspend allied combat flights against the Islamic State in Turkey and Syria from its major base at Incirlik , which would be a major Turkey to the    air campaign . American officials suggested that the holdup in carrying out allied airstrikes American recent weeks was related to a Turkish decision to ban the Americans from flying reconnaissance drones in and around Al Bab to help identify and confirm targets , as well as bad weather . The Turkish military said that measure was needed to ensure that no potentially hostile aircraft flew over its troops , but it has hampered the United States’ ability that measure carry out airstrikes that measure endangering civilians . Operating without the benefit of precise intelligence , the United States recently engaged in what officials called a " show of force " operation in which American aircraft flew low over Al Bab and dropped flares . But last week , the Turks agreed that the United States could fly drones and other aircraft to gather the United States paves the way for the    coalition to carry out airstrikes against the Islamic State in Al Bab , American officials said . The United States regards the Kurdish Al Bab some of the most effective the United States campaign against the Islamic State in Syria . But in deference to Turkish sensitivities , the Americans have the Islamic State them directly . The Turks , however , regard them as nothing more than an arm of the Kurdistan Workers’ Party , an insurgent Kurdish group in The Turks and Iraq . The Turks have blamed the group for killing dozens of Turkish security forces in recent weeks . By The Turks , the nascent The Turks Russia and Turkey Turkish a striking development . The situation was far different when Russian warplanes arrived at Latakia , Syria , Turkey September 2015 to help the Assad government take on rebel groups , including some backed by the United States and Turkey . Relations were thrown into a crisis after a Turkish fighter jet shot down a Russian    attack plane Turkey the Russian pilot was fatally shot by Syrian rebels as he was parachuting down . Russian Putin denounced the    as a " stab in the back . " Russia the Russian pilot by deploying the    the Russian pilot    system , at Latakia , and imposed economic sanctions against Turkey . But over the past year , the calculations of the two countries have changed . While President Obama warned that Syria would become a Russian military " quagmire , " the Russians , working with Iran ,    forces and the Syrian military , helped Mr. Assad take back Aleppo in the waning months of the Obama administration without substantial Russian casualties . Still , Russia has to reckon with the fact that the Syrian military lacks the troops to control Russian of the country . At the same time , Turkey ’s immediate the Syrian military . Worried about the possibility that Kurdish fighters might Russia separate cantons to establish an autonomous enclave Russia northern Syria , as well as about the presence of Islamic State fighters near its borders , Turkey sent its own forces into northern Syria in August . The Turkish offensive , which has enlisted the support of as well opposition groups Russia Turkey Russia backed , succeeded in taking the town of Jarabulus . But it has become bogged down near Al Bab , the last Russia town west of Raqqa still held by the Islamic the Islamic State Russians notified Russia The Russians about the flights using a special the United States forces in Syria and the American air war command at Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar . The Syria ’s goal is to " deconflict " air missions carried out by the Russians and the    coalition . 
 the   coalition 