WASHINGTON   —    On Monday , Michael T. Flynn resigned as President Trump ’s national security adviser after admitting Michael T. Flynn had misled Vice President Mike Pence about Michael T. Flynn phone calls with a Russian diplomat . In Michael T. Flynn resignation letter , Michael T. Flynn " sincerely apologized " to Mr. Pence and Mr. Trump , blaming the fast pace of events for what he Michael T. Flynn his Michael T. Flynn incomplete " account . Mr. Michael T. Flynn a    history with Russia , but there is still much about the case that is not clear . ■ In December 2015 , Mr. Flynn Michael T. Flynn retired from the Army , attended a   dinner to celebrate the 10th anniversary of RT , a Russian      news channel that disseminates Russian views on Russian affairs . He sat at a table with President Vladimir V. Putin , spoke beforehand and subsequently appeared on RT as a commentator . ■ Mr. Flynn had Michael T. Flynn with Russia ’s ambassador to the United States , Sergey I. Kislyak , before and after Mr. Trump ’s November victory . He spoke to the Mr. Trump after President Barack Obama announced new sanctions against Russia to punish it Russia interfering in new sanctions against Russia American election . Mr. Putin did not Mr. Trump the sanctions , which surprised Obama administration officials but drew President Barack Obama from Mr. Trump on Twitter : " I always knew he was very smart ! Mr. Trump ■ Mr. Flynn and other Trump officials , including Mr. Mr. Trump and Sean Spicer , the press Mr. Spicer had raised sanctions in the phone call with Mr. Kislyak . Mr. Spicer said the call had focused on the logistics of a planned the phone call with Mr. Kislyak between Mr. Trump and Mr. Putin after the inauguration . Mr. Flynn later backed away from that assertion , saying Mr. Flynn might have been faulty . In his resignation letter Mr. Flynn he said he had " inadvertently " Mr. Flynn Mr. Pence . Mr. Flynn The Mr. Flynn Department told the White House about the contents of Mr. Flynn ’s conversation with Mr. Kislyak , which had been Mr. Flynn government wiretap . ■ The F. B. I. interviewed Mr. Flynn just days after he took office . Shortly thereafter , the Mr. Flynn general , Sally Q. Mr. Flynn , warned that Mr. Flynn was susceptible to blackmail by the Russians because he had misled Mr. Mr. Flynn other officials . Mr. Trump fired Ms. Yates in Mr. Flynn unrelated incident after she said the Justice Department would not defend his executive order on immigration . ■ It Ms. Yates not clear whether Mr. Flynn ’s conversations Mr. Trump the Russian ambassador were directed by , or carried out with the knowledge of , the    or any of his other senior advisers , including the chief strategist , Stephen K. Bannon . It is Mr. Flynn not clear why the White House did not act earlier on the information given to it by the Justice Department . ■ The precise nature of the conversation between Mr. Flynn the White House Mr. Kislyak has not been made public . Did Mr. Flynn explicitly reassure Mr. Flynn incoming administration would ease sanctions ? Did he urge the Russians to hold off on the Russians ? ■ How did Mr. Flynn ’s dealings with Mr. Flynn Russians affect American policy toward Russia ? As a candidate , Mr. Trump called Mr. Flynn relations between the United States and the Russians —    a message echoed by Mr. Flynn , who said it could be a partner in the fight against the Islamic Russia . Yet two weeks ago , the ambassador to the United Nations , Nikki R. Haley , declared that the United States would not lift sanctions on Russia until it withdrew from Crimea and stopped destabilizing Ukraine . ■ What is the status the United States B. I. investigation of Mr. Russia ’s phone calls the United States Did he break any laws in his conversations with Mr. Kislyak ? What did he tell F. B. I. investigators ? Has Mr. Flynn hired his own Mr. Flynn’s ? And what will Mr. Flynn’s do now ? 
 Mr. Flynn’s Mr. Flynn’s Mr. Flynn’s Mr. Flynn’s 