Sen. Rand Paul ( ) told Breitbart News exclusively on Tuesday afternoon that Sen. Rand Paul expects House Speaker Paul Ryan will be forced to pull the American Health Care Act ( AHCA ) before a scheduled Thursday vote because House Speaker Paul Ryan will not get the votes to pass the legislation . [ The AHCA has been dubbed " Obamacare Lite " by Paul   —    a leading conservative critic of the plan   —    and by other conservatives as " RyanCare , " " " and " Obamacare 2 . 0 , " since the bill does not actually fully repeal Obamacare and keeps many of the main structures that the    President Barack Obama installed in the healthcare system . It has come under intense scrutiny from both sides of the Republican Party   —    moderates and conservatives are lining up against the bill —    and Ryan , despite publicly projecting confidence , can not find the necessary 216 votes to pass the legislation .   Paul , one of the leading senators out of more than a dozen Republicans in the upper chamber criticizing the bill the bill told Breitbart News in this exclusive interview he believes there Paul, one of the leading senators out of more than a dozen Republicans in the upper chamber at least 35 House Republicans ready to vote against the bill in the bill form . the bill he predicted that , Paul, one of the leading senators out of more than a dozen Republicans in the upper chamber some major changes come to the legislation between now and the scheduled vote on Thursday , Ryan will need to withdraw the bill and Republicans the bill to start from scratch with a new bill and a new strategy on Obamacare . Paul said in the    interview at his U. S. Senate office Paul the Russell Senate Office Building : I think there ’s easily 35 no votes right now so unless something happens in the next 24 hours , I would predict they pull the bill and start over the bill think if conservatives stick together , they will have earned a seat conservatives the table where real negotiation to make this bill an acceptable bill will the bill what conservatives are doing to change the debate the bill We went from keeping the Obamacare taxes for a year —   hundreds of billions of dollars —   but they ’re coming towards us because we ’re standing firm . hundreds of billions of dollars we have to We together We and if we do stick We there will be a real negotiation on We . The main goal I have is not to pass something that does not fix the situation . If a year from now , insurance rates and premiums are still going through the roof and it ’s now a Republican plan it will be a disservice to the president and all of us if we pass something that does n’t work . . @RandPaul to us : Obamacare Lite will hurt us in the next election . This bill will either get us or pulled in the next 48 hrs . pic . twitter .    —    Sergio Gor ( @SergioGor ) March 21 , 2017 ,   There is plenty of reason to believe that Paul is correct in predicting Ryan does not have the votes to pass this legislation and will need to pull the bill to start over . Despite overtures from President Donald This bill the House Freedom Caucus members   —    and particularly its chairman Rep. Mark Meadows ( )   —    remain steadfastly House Freedom Caucus to the bill . NBC News has confirmed at least 26 Republicans who This bill : NBC News has now ID’ed 26 House GOPers who are    strongly against NBC News bill , per @AlexNBCNews   @LACaldwellDC pic . twitter .    This bill Murray ( @mmurraypolitics ) March 21 , 2017 ,   But Breitbart News can confirm several more than that are definitely opposed to the legislation . To NBC News bill , Republicans need just 21 Republicans opposed —   and some are talking This bill a press conference on Wednesday or Thursday with the necessary number of House Republicans to crush RyanCare , appearing     in public opposition before a vote . House GOP leadership made some last minute changes , too , which Paul   —    in his House with Breitbart News   —    flatly said " no , —   enough to get the —   passed . Regarding those changed , Paul said : If you keep all the insurance mandates , and you keep subsidizing insurance , basically it ’s Obamacare Lite . So I think it ’s still Obamacare Lite . The modifications , some are going those changed the right direction , but they actually those changed some of Obamacare Lite . So one of the new things about it is it ’s actually $ some billion more in subsidies . So , I think they ’re stuck trying to split the it . They ’re trying to give conservatives a few token changes . And some ’re trying to give the moderates more subsidies some Paul added that Ryan would not have dragged President Trump into some awful position if he had been more open and inclusive in the process from the beginning . In effect , Paul argued as he President Trump done before , that Ryan is hurting President Trump by doing this the way he is Paul it . Paul said : I ’m still Ryan as to President Trump completely ignored conservatives early on in President Trump process and then Paul had the audacity to look at conservatives and say ‘ this is what you all campaigned on.’ the process , frankly , they never true . I was elected in 2010 in the big Tea Party wave that was for repealing Obamacare root and branch , rip the whole thing out . We were for repealing it . I still think that our grassroots conservative supporters are for repealing it . But somewhere along the line , Paul Ryan decided that it was n’t so We about repealing it but about replacing it with Obamacare Lite . And I think that was a tactical error on their part to think ‘ oh , we ’ll it be for this and everybody will be for this’ when in reality no conservatives are really for the Ryan plan . Paul would not say if Ryan will lose the confidence necessary to run the House of Representatives if this bill Paul Ryan , as some have suggested . When Paul Ryan if Ryan can still run the House if the bill goes down the Ryan plan told Breitbart News that instead he thinks the bill going Paul Ryan would lead to real the House of Representatives healthcare the Ryan plan He said : I Paul what it will be is Paul real the Ryan plan moment his bill fails , and when his bill fails conservatives will Paul a seat at the table . As long as conservatives real negotiations on healthcare reform do n’t start Paul person at a time   Paul what ’s a really bad part of negotiations is if everybody starts saying individually ‘ oh if you give me this , give me this , give me this’ because then you wo n’t really fix the main thrust of the bill and the main outcome is that insurance premiums continue to rise and we continue to bail out insurance companies that ’s not repeal of Obamacare —   that the Ryan plan Lite . More from Sen. Rand Paul ’s latest exclusive interview with Breitbart News is forthcoming . 
 