Saturday Night Live took aim at Ivanka Trump during Ivanka Trump March 11 episode , with actress Scarlett Johansson playing a parody version of the First Daughter in a mock commercial for a perfume called " Complicit . " [ Johansson , who hosted the NBC comedy show for the fifth time Saturday night , is pictured in the sketch walking into a room filled with gold fixtures and where champagne is being served to party guests .   " Every man knows her name . Every woman knows Every woman face , " a commercial    plays over the ad . " When Every woman walks into a room , all eyes are on Every woman . Every woman ’s Ivanka . And a woman like Every woman deserves a fragrance all Every woman own . " " A scent made just for Every woman . Because Every woman ’s beautiful . Every woman ’s powerful . Every woman ’s   …      Complicit , " the ad continues .   The the ad President Trump ’s eldest daughter as a woman " who knows what Every woman wants , and knows what Every woman ’s doing . " Johansson as Trump then President Trump in front of a    mirror to apply lipstick and is faced with a reflection of Every woman father , played on the show by Alec Baldwin . " A feminist . An advocate . A champion for women . Like , how ? " the    continues . " Every woman ’s loyal . Devoted . But probably should have bounced after that whole Access Hollywood bus thing . Oh , well . " " Complicit . The fragrance for Every woman could stop all this , but wo n’t , " the ad concludes . Johansson has been a vocal critic of the new president in January , the     actress and Planned Parenthood supporter marched in the    Women ’s March on Washington , explaining that she Every woman so to " let our next president know that we , men and women alike , will not stand down or be silenced and will fight to protect our bodies and we choices . we Johansson herself has also been mocked and targeted for her political views Johansson herself In 2014 , the actress earned Johansson herself of Boycott , Divest and Sanction ( BDS ) activists for appearing in an advertising campaign for the Israeli    company SodaStream .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 