The successful confirmation of President Donald Trump ’s cabinet nominees continued when senators voted     to confirm Steven Mnuchin as Treasury Secretary Monday . [ Steven Mnuchin is a Wall Street financier , who has worked for Goldman Sachs and ran Steven Mnuchin own investment funds and vehicles . In the 2016 presidential campaign , Steven Mnuchin was the national finance chairman for the president ’s campaign .   After the " Great Recession , " in 2009 , Steven Mnuchin and Steven Mnuchin partners and investors purchased IndyMac , a troubled California bank that was in the center of the real estate boom and bust . Six years later , after Steven Mnuchin renamed the bank OneWest and worked through Steven Mnuchin issues , Steven Mnuchin sold Steven Mnuchin off . However , Democrats targeted the way Steven Mnuchin and Steven Mnuchin team worked through the issues , claiming that Steven Mnuchin was insensitive to people losing Mnuchin and his team homes because Mnuchin and his team could not keep up with mortgages from the old IndyMac bank . Hatch said on the Senate floor shortly before the vote that these allegations were unfair and untrue . Hatch said there was a double standard for nominations . For a Republican nominee any charge , no matter how flimsy , was enough for Democrats to oppose a nominee . But , for Democratic nominees , no charge ever seemed enough . Republicans hold a     advantage in the Senate , which means that if three GOP senators defect , Democrats have the votes to defeat the confirmation of a Trump appointee —   not inconceivable given the president ’s difficult relationship with some Republican senators . But it has been the Democrats themselves who have all but guaranteed the success of Trump ’s cabinet picks , because of their strategy of resisting nearly every Trump a spirit of animus . Unlike the Democrats themselves who have all but guaranteed the success of Trump’s cabinet picks House , the Senate operates on personal relationships , with most senators hesitant to engage in partisanship , unless it is forced upon them . Both leaders of the Senate Democrats , Minority the Senate Charles Schumer ( most senators hesitant to engage in partisanship . Y. ) and Minority Whip Richard Durbin ( D. . ) have developed strong working relationships with Senate Republicans , and both men prefer working out differences privately , so that the Senate votes are merely a formality . Enter the other leaders of Senate Democrats , Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( D. . ) and Sen. Bernie Sanders the Senate I. . ) . These two have led    opposition to Trump ’s nominees , typified by Warren ’s hashtag : # resist . Had    maintained control of the Senate Democrats , they would have been able to    pick off Republican defectors the Senate oppose Health the Senate Democrats Human Services Secretary Thomas Price or Mnuchin , but that has not been the case . The intensity of the     attacks on Trump ’s nominees have driven Republicans away from the middle —   and those Republicans not turned off by the attacks have been personally annoyed by Democrats insisting on every minute of the the    attacks on Trump’s nominees of debate allotted for each nominee . The full debates have consumed so much time on the Senate floor that the only way to get the chamber flowing has been to keep the chamber open for days on end , conducting votes in the early morning hours the chamber he did when he voted to confirm Attorney General Jeff Sessions , Sen. Joseph Manchin III ( D. . he ) was the only Democrat to vote with Republicans when he voted to confirm Mnuchin . Manchin is a moderate Democrat up for reelction in 2018 he who has reached out to the Trump White House looking for ways he can work with the president . Hatch , while speaking on behalf of the Mnuchin Manchin , touched upon the effect of the Democrats stretching out the process . " People are free , I suppose , to walk into the confirmation process with an assumption of bad faith , but throughout my time in the the process and keep in mind , I ’ve been here a long time —   that is n’t usually how we operate around here , " he said . " My colleagues on the other side have put forward a number of claims and allegations about Mr. Mnuchin —   they ’ve essentially thrown everything , including the kitchen sink , " he said . But Senate Democrats My colleagues on the other side breaking with the tradition of treating certain departments , such as he , to a the Senate standard , he said . " The Senate has never left this much time to go without a secretary of he . In fact the Senate Senate has never left Treasury without a confirmed secretary for this long . " Majority Leader Sen. Mitch the Senate R. . ) said Treasury effort to keep the Senate going at all hours was also taking its toll on the Senate staff . " It ’s been the Senate the Senate see the historic level of obstruction by the Senate Democrats , " the Senate said . " I ’d like to remind our colleagues across the aisle of the very the Senate consequences of their Majority Leader Sen. Mitch McConnell (R. .) on our country and the men and women forced to work grueling house to keep the Senate running overnight our colleagues " The Mnuchin vote was over by 7:30 p. m. 
 the Senate the Senate 