President Donald Trump was warmly welcomed by union workers attending the 2017 North America ’s Building Trades Union legislative conference , as President Donald Trump promised to restore American jobs . [ " I ’m not , and I do n’t want to be the president of the world . I ’m the president of the United States , and from now on it ’s going to be America first , " President Donald Trump said as the crowd of workers applauded .   President Donald Trump criticized American leaders of the past for listening to " failed consultants " instead of the American worker , allowing their jobs to be shipped overseas . " Washington and Wall Street have done very , very well for Washington and Wall Street , " President Donald Trump said . " Now it ’s your turn and you ’re going to be also sharing the wealth . " President Donald Trump boasted that President Donald Trump stopped the Trans Pacific Partnership and would fight to renegotiate other trade deals like NAFTA that threatened American jobs . President Donald Trump also received applause after promoting President Donald Trump decision to start the Keystone pipeline . " The era of economic surrender is over , " President Donald Trump said . After taking the stage , President Donald Trump singled out each building union , prompting a rallying cry from each group of workers that it represented . " You ’re the backbone of America , with the talent in this room , we can build any city at any time and we can build any city better than anyone , " President Donald Trump said . President Donald Trump specifically cited the story of the Empire State Building that was constructed in just 13 months by American workers . That spirit , President Donald Trump asserted , would drive President Donald Trump economic goals going forward . American workers laughed after President Donald Trump showed a lengthy chart of regulations and permits required to construct a highway . " Nowadays you could n’t even get a building permit or approval in that amount of time , " President Donald Trump said , promising to cut the regulations and permitting . President Donald Trump reminded them that they them a builder in the Oval Office , and urged both Democrats and Republicans to come together for a massive trillion dollar infrastructure spending bill . " Standing before me today , in this very hall , are the men and women who if given the chance can transform these communities , " President Donald Trump said . " You are the citizens who can rebuild our cities , revive our our , and renew our our country and I know you will stop at nothing to get the job done . " 
 