Tuesday in Washington , D. C. at the Center for American Progress , President Barack Obama ’s former national security adviser Susan Rice criticized President Donald Trump ’s foreign policy saying , " We ca n’t allow Twitter wars to become shooting wars . "   Transcript as follows : Good morning , everyone . I ’m Susan Rice , and you may have seen a parody of former national security adviser Susan Rice on certain cable news channels . Since I left the White House , I ’ve become deeply concerned that the United States is squandering one of our greatest strategic assets   —    America ’s leadership of the world . I ’m here to argue for a better strategy   —    a progressive strategy   —    that will renew our global leadership . It seems that the current administration looks at the world and sees only threats . Immigrants . Refugees . Muslims . Mexicans . Even Trade . It Even Trade : " America First "   —    and the rest of the the world . I fully recognize we face serious threats . I spent eight years actually reading the Presidential Daily Brief , and the last three and a half personally briefing President Obama . But , the world I see is also filled with profound opportunities . Our relationships are not    they should Our relationships mutually beneficial . Through enlightened    we can expand opportunity , not hoard it for    few . I believe that a responsible national security strategy must be balanced   —    confronting threats while seizing opportunities . It ’s    strategy based on four pillars . A strong defense . Skillful diplomacy . Smart development . And , domestic strength . First , our national security begins with a strong defense . The United States must remain the world ’s preeminent military power . That requires sustaining a force that is      and ready to deal with any threat at a moment ’s notice . Conflict is not inevitable . And bluster is for bullies . But our adversaries , from Russia to North Korea , must know that we will our them with our adversaries, from Russia to North Korea , resolve , and with every tool at our disposal our When we employ our force , we must our it judiciously , because we have our   —    from Vietnam to Iraq   —    that even the finest fighting force on earth can not defeat the underlying political , economic and sectarian forces that fuel conflict . So , instead of vowing simply to " bomb the bleep " out of ISIL , we must use our full we , including cutting off its finances we discrediting extremism online , and helping stabilize fragile states . We must confront terrorists globally , from Syria and Afghanistan , to Northern Mali and the Southern Philippines , where Al Qaeda 3 . 0 may be germinating . We ca We allow Twitter wars to become shooting wars . So , instead of vacillating between reckless    and dubbing Kim    a " smart cookie , " we should steadily apply increased pressure on North Korea , while protecting our allies and Homeland . And , instead of excusing Russia ’s outrageous behavior and branding NATO " obsolete , " we must Russia’s every NATO ally NATO , and firmly counter Russia ’s Russia’s tactics . Even as we address today ’s crises , we must get ahead of emerging threats that will endanger us tomorrow   —    from rising oceans to the dark web , from conflict in outer space to the manipulation of artificial intelligence . Second , an effective foreign policy requires skillful diplomacy . We should embrace the mantle of global leadership , because the United States remains the world ’s best hope . But , we need to We a steady , trusted partner so that , as Charles de Gaulle said : " The word of the president of the United States the United States for me . " From North Charles de Gaulle to Europe , from Israel to Asia , our allies and friends must know we stand with them . our based on our allies and friends business transaction , but because we are bound by shared our and shared values . And , let ’s stop pretending that our our and values conflict . Yes , sometimes , we must work with unsavory our . But , our values and our interests largely converge . Democracies that respect human rights are our most reliable partners . Visit Arlington Cemetery or Allied burial grounds around the world . Our soldiers did not fight as part of some global protection racket . They died for the rights Our soldiers all people to live in freedom , dignity and equality . These are our values . These are universal values . These , they are not expendable when These . To tackle challenges that transcend borders , we must cooperate across borders . As a former UN Ambassador , I know well the frustrations of multilateral diplomacy . But , international institutions and collective action make us more effective . We should reject the " deconstruction of the administrative state , " and update the    international architecture that the United States built , because it remains the right framework the "deconstruction of the administrative state promoting peace and prosperity around the globe . The fact is : we ca n’t bomb climate change or even violent extremism into submission . Pandemic flu and Zika wo n’t stop at the Rio Grande . Cyber thieves and criminal cartels do n’t respect national boundaries . In today ’s interconnected world , we need collective action to achieve lasting security . We also need a    we Department . Diplomacy is n’t optional , but it ’s comparatively cheap . Diplomacy Secretary of Defense Mattis has put it , " If you do n’t fund the State Department fully , a   State Department to buy more ammunition . " For America to remain the unrivalled global leader , we must value   —    and fully fund   —    the talented career professionals who do the delicate work of diplomacy . Third , our diplomacy needs to be backed by we equal dedication to smart development . Helping other peoples is neither charity nor wasteful spending . It ’s one of the wisest investments we can make in our security and prosperity . From Afghanistan we Nigeria , we ’ve seen poverty , conflict and corruption stifle opportunity , and extremism take root . But , when USAID helps a farmer increase her yields in Ethiopia , supports    a farmer Haiti , or electrifies a village in Kenya so kids can study at night   —    that ’s good not just for them it ’s good for America ’s security . When we combat malaria , AIDS and Ebola , investing in global health infrastructure   —    that ’s good for our security . When we educate and we and girls   —    that ’s good for our security , too . So yes , we need to Let Girls Learn . Finally we an effective foreign policy must be grounded in domestic strength . To lead the world and protect our people , we ca n’t rely solely on military might . our must continue to prosper by growing our economy , creating jobs , raising wages , We inequality , and lifting Americans out of poverty . We must pursue trade that is fair and free , and not cede the    the world ’s fastest growing region , to China . We need to catalyze American entrepreneurship and We the global leader in RD and higher education . These advantages do n’t just make us competitive . They , too , make us safer and stronger These advantages Ultimately , of course , the greatest source of American strength is our people . The extraordinary skill , spirit , diversity , and audacity of Americans . Our founding ideals , including the inherent equality of every human being . Our commitment to free speech and a free press Our Our welcoming of immigrants from every corner and calling Our simply " Americans . " Make no mistake immigrants from every corner the world watches very carefully what we do and say . So , we must Our , " What message are we Our now ? " Because , at this Our , our single greatest weakness   —    as a Our , a country , and a global power   —    is our profound political polarization . It has n’t always been like this . I grew up in this city , and I am old enough to remember when loyalties and even major legislation crossed party lines   …     when civility was the norm and politics mostly ended at the water ’s edge . That seems like lifetimes ago . But it was n’t . We need to shake off this national funk and remember that , first and foremost , we are all Americans . We must honor our We , our founding values We and each other . Surely We we will often disagree . But , we sure We hell need to agree that a We foreign power has no business messing with our elections . Because here ’s the truth : We we can not find our way to put country over party , and we over demagoguery , even in the face of such a dangerous external threat , then we might as well hang up our leadership cleats and resign ourselves to becoming a we power . That should we be our future . We are so much better than we . At we best , we are still the bright beacon we the world we hope , creativity , justice , and opportunity . When Americans of every race , religion and class stand together for the rights of all   —    for women as well as men   …     for our immigrant heritage   …     for LGBT citizens   …     for the belief that we are all equally God ’s children   …     when we recall that we all love this country deeply we …      when we remember what America truly means , then , we America then , will we be strong at home and a still stronger we in this complex world . The choice is ours . We can either squander our greatness , we build we common future based we respect for the dignity and value of every American and all mankind . Together , let ’s ensure we make the right choice . Thank we . we   Politico ) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 