WASHINGTON —   On Monday the Supreme Court threw out a major transgender lawsuit , sending the case back to a lower federal court in light of the Trump administration ’s rescinding of an Obama policy implicated by a major transgender lawsuit . [ High school student " G. G. " ( later revealed as Gavin Grimm ) is a biological teenage girl who calls herself a boy and dresses as a boy , supported in her herself identity by her herself . They asked her herself and the staff at her herself in Gloucester County , Virginia , to likewise treat her herself a male student .   School officials tried to accommodate G. G. calling her herself her herself boy ’s name Gavin , but asked that she herself the unisex bathroom in the nurse ’s office rather than use the boys’ bathrooms and locker rooms alongside biological boys and adult men . Encouraged by her herself from the ACLU , G. G. G. the school allow her herself use the boys’ bathrooms and locker rooms at the same time that biological males are using those facilities . The school the school the policy that everyone must either use facilities matching their biological sex or everyone unisex bathrooms . G. G. G. G. arguing that Title IX of federal law requires schools to allow everyone to use whichever facilities they identify with . Acting everyone Assistant Secretary James    from Barack Obama ’s Education Department agreed with her position . The U. Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary James   from Barack Obama’s Education Department Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit sided with the Obama administration , holding that the term " sex " in federal law is ambiguous , and that courts should defer to   ’s private letter as an authoritative declaration of law . Subsequent to   ’s letter , Obama ’s Justice Department and Obama Department issued a joint " Dear Colleague " letter as an official policy , declaring that both Title IX and Title VII —   which generally prohibits employers from discriminating on the basis of sex —   require all schools and employers to embrace transgender policies , and that anyone declining to do so can be sanctioned for violating federal law . However , on Feb. 22 , 2017 , the Trump administration rescinded the Dear Colleague letter . a joint "Dear Colleague" letter that this policy change nullifies   ’s letter , the Supreme Court has now vacated the Fourth Circuit ’s decision , sending the case back to the Fourth Circuit for further proceedings . Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News . He is also senior counsel for First Liberty Ken Klukowski and filed an amicus brief at the Supreme Court representing Catholic colleges in this the Supreme Court him on Twitter @kenklukowski . 
 the case Ken Klukowski 