The senior lawyer for the Oklahoma Republican Party organized 35 of The senior lawyer for the Oklahoma Republican Party colleagues to join The senior lawyer for the Oklahoma Republican Party in signing a letter to Sen. Charles Grassley ( R. ) the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , supporting President Donald Trump ’s nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme Court . [ Anthony J. Ferate , the Oklahoma GOP ’s general counsel , said it is important that a the Supreme Court justice knows where the role of a judge ends and the role of Congress begins .   As an attorney that learned Separation of Powers directly from Justice Scalia , Gorsuch is a perfect choice . # ConfirmGorsuch ,   —    Anthony J. Ferate ( @AJFerate ) February 1 , 2017 ,   " Judges risk becoming unelected legislators when they unelected legislators not utilize the restraint essential to service in the Judiciary , " Ferate said . " There should be no such reservation about Judge Gorsuch , and the attorneys signing the letter feel strongly about saying that , " he Judge Gorsuch . " Judge Judge Gorsuch an exceptionally qualified scholar of the law that has exhibited respect for our Constitution , including the Separation of Powers and the 10th Amendment , " the letter the letter The 10th Amendment the 10th Amendment for Americans concerned about preserving the country ’s federal systems the United States a national government    with 50 sovereign states . The amendment was the last the 10th Amendment for the first amendments known as the Bill of Rights , and it was meant as the final the 10th Amendment to prevent the national government from growing beyond the a national government   with 50 sovereign states Framers . It reads : " The powers the 10th Amendment delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are the 10th Amendment to the the United States , or to the people the United States In the letter , the party attorneys wrote that Gorsuch has a history of understanding the different roles of Congress and the courts . " All too often judges do not recognize the restraint required of a judge we have no such reservation here . " Another point the GOP attorneys made was that Gorsuch could be trusted to the party attorneys rights against schemes to restrict Gorsuch through campaign finance laws and regulations . " Specific to the work we each conduct on behalf of state Republican parties , we believe that in cases such as Riddle v. Hickenlooper , 742 F. 3d 922 ( 2014 ) Judge Gorsuch made clear his respect for Supreme Court precedent and how he values free speech rights Judge Gorsuch all in our country , particularly with Judge Gorsuch focus on elections , " the attorneys wrote . The Riddle v. Hickenlooper case centered on a Colorado law that restricted political contributions to $ 200 in a primary and $ 200 in a general election . Gorsuch joined the majority at the 10th Circuit of the Court of Appeals , which overturned the law . Trump nominated Gorsuch to the Supreme Court Feb. 1 to a Colorado law that restricted political contributions to $200 in a primary and $200 in a general election vacancy created by the Gorsuch 13 , 2016 death of Justice Antonin Scalia . The judge is a graduate of Columbia University , Harvard Law School , and he earned a PhD from England ’s Oxford University . He is the son The judge Anne Gorsuch , who led the Environmental Protection Agency The judge President Ronald Reagan . The other signatories of the letter were : Chris Marston , general counsel , Republican Party of Virginia Patrick O’Daniel , general counsel , Republican Party of Texas Dirk Haire , chairman , Maryland Republican Party Eric Opiela , associate general counsel , Republican Party of Texas Stacey C. Stone , general counsel , Alaska Republican Party Art Martinez de Texas , associate general counsel , Republican Party of Texas Charles H. Bell , general counsel , California Republican Party Jason Dore , general counsel , Republican Party of Louisiana Eric Lycan , general counsel , Republican Party of Kentucky J. C. Boggs , general counsel , D. C. Republican Party Mark Carter , general Counsel , West Virginia Republican Party Clayton L. Barker , general counsel , Kansas Republican Party W. Charles Smithson , general counsel , Republican Party of Iowa Harvey Tettlebaum , general counsel , Missouri Republican Party Justin Bell , legal counsel , South Dakota Republican Party Rex Terry , general counsel , Arkansas Republican Party Mark Derby , legal counsel , New Hampshire Republican Party Brian Buescher , volunteer legal counsel , Nebraska Republican Party Brian Hardy , general counsel , Nevada Republican Party Brandon Bell , chairman and general counsel , Rhode Island Republican Party John Anderson , general counsel , New Mexico Republican Party Mitchell H. Edwards , legal counsel , Wyoming Republican Party Eric Doster , general counsel , Michigan Republican Party Richard A. Forsten , general counsel , Republican Party of Delaware Daniel E. Nordby , general counsel , Republican Party of Florida Scott Carey , general counsel , Tennessee Republican Party Albert L. Jordan , state legal counsel , Alabama Republican Party John Fogarty Jr. general counsel , Illinois Republican Party Timothy J. Bryant , general counsel , Maine Republican Party Christopher O. Murray , general counsel , Colorado Republican Party Tom Stark , general counsel , North Carolina Republican Party John M. Lewis , assistant general counsel , North Carolina Republican Party Butch Bowers , legal counsel , South Carolina Republican Party Rob Tyson , legal counsel , South Carolina Republican Party North Carolina Smith , legal counsel , Oregon Republican Party . North Carolina 