Donald Trump ran and won on a platform summarized by the slogan America First . [ Donald Trump campaigned on a promise of no more wars of choice : no military interventions to liberate other countries , to intervene in    " humanitarian " crusades , to force regime change , to coercively spread democracy , or to take sides in other people ’s wars or civil wars .    In summation , our military would be used only in the defense of our own country or our our allies . This was the promise . This This the commitment to the American people made over and over again . It This contrasted with the same old , same old , discredited , interventionist policies embodied first by Jeb Bush , and most of Trump ’s primary adversaries , and later by Hillary Clinton .   Donald Trump Americans a clear , unequivocal choice : America our no longer be policeman of the world . Her sons Trump daughters would no longer spill their blood Her sons and daughters far away countries for causes not directly and plainly tied to our our national security . As we our seen , in humankind ’s history , there is no end to atrocities , massacres , and bloodletting . The Middle East , in particular , is an    cauldron of fratricide . Certainly , all people and all nations have an interest in promoting peace and an end to the killing . But it does not follow that the people of the United States should put their safety the people of the United States their security the people of the United States and their own the people of the United States at risk to militarily interfere in these intractable conflicts , however brutal and heinous they may the people of the United States . Have we learned nothing at all from our disastrous we costly military involvement of the recent sixteen years ? There is no sure way to know which belligerent used poison gas on its enemies belligerent with the resulting horrific effects on the civilian population . We have we the vaunted ‘ government assurances’ before . Excuse this citizen of skepticism . Here is what we do we for sure : civil wars end when one side wins . Period . The longer the wars civil wars , the more people are harmed , brutalized , and killed . The longer the war , the higher the civilian casualties . If we seek to lessen the horror , it is counterproductive to escalate the violence . It is a simple concept : first , do no harm .   Starting wars always seems justified in the moment . The problem is that no one knows what will happen next and no one ever knows how or when it will end . The cost in blood and treasure is inevitably greater than anyone ever thinks .   Then , there ’s the question of selective outrage . Saudi Arabian warplanes have been relentlessly bombing civilian areas in Yemen for months . At least 15 , 000 have been killed . Where are the images of these dead and mutilated children ? Where is CNN ’s outrage with her sanctimonious celebrity pundits calling for regime change in Riyadh ? Why has n’t President Trump initiated a cruise missile attack on a Saudi airbase ? The question must be asked . If the United States militarily intervenes in Syria , effectively taking one barbarous side over the other , what is the effect on our own national security ? Is it in the interest of the American people to further undermine any chance of constructive engagement with Russia ? Is it to our advantage to return to a    War with all the existential risks which may follow ? Exactly why should the American people the American people country and their the American people children at greater the American people ?   A week ago , President Trump reiterated he is " not president President Trump the world . " Previously he took an oath to President Trump and protect the U. S. Constitution   —    not the UN charter or some vague ,    internationalist creed .   The Syrian Civil War is not America ’s war . It was raging all during The Syrian Civil War presidential primaries and the election of ’16 . We saw the devastation of Aleppo in the weeks before Election Day . It was all over the headlines . Trump made it abundantly clear that he would not intervene . Trump the other hand , Clinton advocated arming the ‘ rebels’ and the risky enforcement of U. S.   imposed    zones over Syria , effectively putting U. S. warplanes in    proximity to Russian , Turkish , and Syrian fighter jets . What could possibly go wrong ? The American people elected Trump . The message was loud and clear . Keep out . Stay out . It ’s not our war The message   But yesterday , we heard the president justifying a military President Trump election or we n’t we ? President Trump has we choice . He can stay the course he set in the campaign , in his inaugural speech and in the first days President Trump his presidency , keeping President Trump First . Or , he can President Trump to the selective hysteria of the Corporate Media President Trump to his most ardent critics , to the President Trump chorus of NeverTrump Republicans and to the beltway ’s permanent war party President Trump choose the path of America Last . Ron Maxwell is the    of the movie , Gettysburg . 
 America 