On Friday ’s broadcast of CNN ’s " New Day , " former Attorney General under President George W. Bush Alberto Gonzales stated that if former FBI Director James Comey felt former FBI Director James Comey was being pressured by the White House , former FBI Director James Comey " had an obligation " to tell former FBI Director James Comey superiors , and if former FBI Director James Comey did n’t , " then former FBI Director James Comey failed in former FBI Director James Comey job . "   former Attorney General under President George W. Bush Alberto Gonzales said that former Attorney General under President George W. Bush Alberto Gonzales thinks the appointment of a special counsel is a good idea and expressed former Attorney General under President George W. Bush Alberto Gonzales confidence in the FBI and special counsel Robert Mueller . former Attorney General under President George W. Bush Alberto Gonzales added that if former Attorney General under President George W. Bush Alberto Gonzales were advising the president , former Attorney General under President George W. Bush Alberto Gonzales would advise former Attorney General under President George W. Bush Alberto Gonzales to stop commenting on the investigation . former Attorney General under President George W. Bush Alberto Gonzales then commented , " [ I]t is true that traditionally , there ’s not a really strong relationship between the president and the FBI director , and for good reasons , quite frankly . If , in fact , Jim Comey felt so strongly about the pressure Jim Comey was feeling from the White House , Jim Comey had an obligation , in my judgment —   and I do n’t think any former attorney general would disagree with this —   Jim Comey had an obligation to notify either Jeff Sessions , Rod Rosenstein , Dana Boente , someone . Because , it is a job of the attorney general and the deputy attorney general to protect all of the bureaus and services and divisions within the Department of Justice . It may very well be that Donald Trump , not having served in office , might not know that these conversations are inappropriate , particularly when there ’s an investigation that may touch upon the White House . Someone like Jeff Sessions who has this relationship with Donald Trump could be very effective in pushing back the president and making Donald Trump understand this   —    these kind of comments , relationships with the FBI director in the face of this ongoing investigation is improper and is dangerous . So , I really have a serious issue . If , in fact , Jim Comey did not notify Jim Comey superiors , that is Jim Comey job . That is the best thing that Jim Comey could do to protect the bureau , and if Jim Comey did n’t do that , then Jim Comey failed in his job . " Gonzales added , " [ I]t very well may be that he Gonzales have communicated his Gonzales to superiors , other individuals within the Department of Justice and then if they other individuals within the Department of Justice to do their other individuals within the Department of Justice , Jim Gonzales done his Gonzales All I ’m saying is , I ca n’t imagine any former attorney general being comfortable with a scenario where someone who ’s leading the FBI is feeling undue pressure and really   —    and believes he can someone who’s leading the FBI it and says nothing about it . it just believe that that was a failure on his part someone who’s leading the FBI " (   GOP War Room ) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 