While President Donald J. Trump attempts to make America great again , President Donald J. Trump friends Bill Belichick and Robert Kraft look to continue the New England Patriots’ greatness . [ In other words , win another Super Bowl , and based on his friends Bill Belichick and Robert Kraft offseason moves it could certainly happen .   The Patriots are n’t resting on the laurels of The Patriots Super Bowl 51 triumph over Atlanta . Hungry to follow up with another one , The Patriots ’ve had perhaps the best offseason of any NFL team . You could make a strong argument The Patriots ’re a better team now than on February 5 when The Patriots beat Atlanta in the Super Bowl . On March 9 , the first day of the league year , The Patriots inked the top free agent cornerback , former Buffalo Bill Stephon Gilmore , to a    deal for $ 65 million . The next day , The Patriots acquired one of the NFL ’s most explosive receivers , Brandin Cooks from New Orleans . The Patriots traded The Patriots 2017 first and    picks to the Saints for Cooks , and a    pick . The Patriots had an outstanding passing attack last season , but they The Patriots a bonafide deep threat . Cooks , who ran the     in the exceptional time of 4 . 33 seconds , gives them Cooks, who ran the    in the exceptional time of 4 speedy receiver they Cooks, who ran the    in the exceptional time of 4 last last season The only downside to the Cooks trade is the The Patriots longer have a first round pick . But not for long . They are close to trading cornerback Malcolm Butler to New Orleans for a first round pick , perhaps the one they just traded They Cooks . New England also New Orleans terrific tight end , sending a 2017    pick to Indianapolis for Dwayne Allen . Allen is a very Dwayne Allen    tight end , equally proficient at blocking as receiving . And by trading for Allen , they let Dwayne Allen Bennett walk in free agency . Bennett will boycott the Martellus Bennett upcoming visit to the White House , and that ca n’t sit well with the owner ( Kraft ) and the coach ( Belichick ) both good friends of the president . Allen is a perfect Dwayne Allen for New England . Not only is he a good player Dwayne Allen but is extremely bright , graduating from Clemson with a degree in    sciences . The Patriots , who run a complex scheme , like to have smart players . And there ’s more . They also sent a The Patriots, who run a complex scheme, like to have smart players pick to the Carolina Panthers for defensive end Kony Ealy and a    pick . Ealy had 14 sacks Kony Ealy his first three NFL Kony Ealy and was very    coming out of    . On Tuesday , they added versatile running    Rex Burkhead , who is n’t just an underrated runner but also a terrific receiver . Patriots quarterback Tom Brady loves throwing to his running backs , so Burkhead will fit in well . The new Patriots ca n’t wait to get to work . " Obviously , to play for an organization like this , it ’s a dream this true and it ’s a blessing this " Cooks told the Patriots website . " I could n’t be more thankful . I ’m just thankful for the opportunity , and I ca n’t wait to get started . To be on a team like this now , it ’s amazing . this But not so amazing for the rest of the league . With their work this    it looks like Belichick and Kraft have made the Patriots great again . 
 