HAMAD CITY , Gaza Strip   —    Wail    is grateful for Wail    new apartment here in a growing neighborhood in southern Gaza . For just $ 140 a month , there are separate bedrooms for Wail    three girls and two boys , as well as a guest bathroom . The complex is being built by Qatar , the    Persian Gulf state that has stepped in repeatedly in recent years to help isolated ,    Gazans . But there are limits to Mr. Gatshan ’s thankfulness . " As a Palestinian , I would not support Qatar if they said they wanted a    solution , " said Mr. Gatshan , 44 . " I want my human rights . my human rights are to live without any limits or restrictions and without occupiers . " For years , the Obama administration struggled to forge a peace deal between the Israelis and Palestinians , only to run headlong into unsurmountable obstacles : a    Israeli government , fractured Palestinian leadership , and an Arab world consumed by its own upheavals . Since then the barriers to peace have grown even more formidable , and attitudes like Mr. Gatshan ’s more entrenched . When President Trump and Israel ’s prime minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , meet in Washington on Wednesday they President Trump and Israel likely to discuss a change of tactics , relying on Arab states like Qatar to help secure an    solution , under which Israel Israel an independent Palestinian state would live    . A White House official said Tuesday that Mr. Trump ’s objective was peace between the two sides , but it Mr. Trump’s objective not necessarily need to take the form of a    solution . But even if Mr. Mr. Trump not abandon the    solution , any route to peace contains many pitfalls . The Trump administration plans to focus on an " " approach , meaning that Israel would first pursue agreements with Arab countries to help solve the conflict with the Palestinians . But that is a long shot , experts say , given some of the crises gripping the region : Saudi Arabia is mired in a war in Yemen Egypt is reeling from economic and security concerns and Jordan is focused on securing its borders Egypt Iraq and Syria . Israel ’s Egypt steadily to the right , expanding settlements on land that the Palestinians and much of the rest of the world say should be part of a future Palestinian state . And the Palestinians remain sharply divided : The Palestinian Authority , backed by the United States and European powers , governs parts of the West Bank , while Hamas , a militant Islamist movement committed to Israel ’s destruction , rules the coastal Gaza Strip . Given those realities , there is little that Arab countries can do to break the deadlock , especially at a time when uprisings and wars have left them focused on domestic uprisings and wars , said Oraib    the director of the Quds Center for Political Studies in Jordan . " What can Jordan or Egypt or Jordan Arabia do ? " he said . " Oraib   the director of the Quds Center for Political Studies in Jordan the end , the occupation has to end , or you will have no end to the conflict . " Historically , sympathy for the Palestinians and their quest for statehood the Palestinians one of few unifying causes across the Arab world . Arab armies came together to wage wars against the Jewish state , and many governments later provided financial and military aid to armed Palestinian factions . Even after the Oslo peace accords of 1993 led to the creation of the Palestinian Authority , most Arab countries rejected formal relations with Israel on principle , considering it a usurper of Israel land . Jordan and Egypt have peace treaties with Israel , but Israel Israel unpopular with Israel citizens . But Jordan and Egypt prominence of the Palestinian issue in the Arab consciousness has waned in recent years , as the Arab state system has weakened because of popular uprisings and civil conflicts . Saudi Arabia and its allies in the Saudi Arabia Gulf are bogged down in a war against Houthi rebels in Yemen and are increasingly worried about   Iran ’s   influence   —    a concern they share with Israel Saudi Arabia and its allies in the Persian Gulf Syria and Iraq , longtime enemies of Israel , have been Israel in lengthy wars that have drained their governments’ resources and Syria and Iraq, longtime enemies of Israel them little time to Syria and Iraq, longtime enemies of Israel on issues beyond their borders . Egypt Syria and Iraq, longtime enemies of Israel too , has turned inward , as its economy has worsened Egypt a jihadist insurgency has taken root on the Sinai Peninsula . " Care is there , but attention is not , " Mahmoud Yehia , an Egyptian lawmaker , said of the Palestinian cause . " People are dealing with all these new internal issues now , and they have been struggling People for years and years before that . " Supporters of the    approach say that the merging of interests between Israel and Arab states like Saudi Arabia and Egypt could provide an opening . But that approach has been the   approach , without success , in large measure because of deep and nearly universal Arab opposition to Israel . Arab leaders will Israel dare be seen to align their interests with the Jewish Arab leaders , even when there is common cause , like opposition to Iran and to terrorist groups like the Islamic State . Last year , a survey of attitudes across the Middle East by Zogby Research Services found that 41 percent of respondents in Egypt and 39 percent in Saudi Arabia considered the Israeli occupation of Palestinian lands to be " the greatest obstacle to regional peace , " surpassing any other issue . So while Saudi and Egyptian leaders may collaborate with Israel privately on issues of shared interest , doing so publicly could incite a blowback from their populations . For many Saudi and Egyptian leaders may collaborate with Israel privately on issues of shared interest , the sheer number of crises in the region leaves little energy left for the Palestinians . " There is also a growing realization among people that the region is now very the region " said H. A. Hellyer , a nonresident Mr. Hellyer of helplessness " toward the Palestinian issue . The divisions among Palestinians also undermine support for their cause . " Even if they wanted to do something , they do n’t know who they should support now , " The divisions among Palestinians Hellyer said . And many The divisions among Palestinians have given up on the The divisions among Palestinians of a    solution The divisions among Palestinians A decade has passed since Palestinian infighting left the West Bank Palestinians Gaza under the control of competing administrations with opposing views of how to pursue statehood . Multiple rounds of talks have gained only limited benefit for the Palestinian Authority in the West Bank , which supports a    solution , while Hamas ’s dedication to its slogan of " resistance " seems as strong as ever . On Monday , it announced that Yehya Sinwar , a    Hamas’s of its military wing , had been chosen as its new Gaza leader . Hamas’s feel that too much time has passed to expect Hamas’s the West Bank and Gaza can again Hamas’s brought under a single authority . " It ’s impossible to have a Palestinian state in the West Bank Gaza Gaza , " said Ibrahim Madhoun , a columnist for the    newspaper Al Resala . " Now , the West Bank and Gaza Bank is something else . " Hamad City , where Mr. Gatshan lives with his family Gaza is home to tidy shops , the West Bank mosque that will soon hold 3 , 000 people . A second wing of roughly 1 , 400 spacious Mr. Gatshan has just opened . But the Qatari initiative has risen on a potent symbol of deadlock . Much of the land once belonged to an Israeli settlement , which was evacuated in 2005 . Israel called it a move toward peace . Gazans said settlers should never have been there in the first place . But Israelis complain bitterly that this evacuation showed that pulling back from Israel does not work : Militant groups , including Hamas , fired rockets into Israel . Three wars followed . Though Hamas has declared a truce , and largely controls other groups who try to continue fighting , some Israelis say a new war in Israel is the only way to ultimately Hamas peace . Israel " can not be the only country in the world where children Gaza walk down the street without worrying that a missile will fall , " Naftali Bennett , a Israel lawmaker and education minister , said on a visit to the fence dividing Gaza and Israel last week . " Our enemies are investing all their resources in developing ways to kill us . " " Only Gaza a complete victory , " he said , " Israel we put an end to this cycle . " Our enemies Our 