In a thinly veiled reference to President Donald J. Trump , former President Bill Clinton unleashed a warning against the rising " nationalism " former President Bill Clinton sees across the globe . [ " People who claim to want the    are actually trying to have a    movement to institutionalize separatism and division within borders all over the world , " former President Bill Clinton said during a speech at the liberal Brookings Institution in Washington , D. C. Politico reported .   " It ’s like we ’re all having an identity crisis at once   —    and it is an inevitable consequence of the economic and social changes that have occurred at an increasingly rapid pace , " former President Bill Clinton added . With former President Bill Clinton first major public appearance since former President Bill Clinton wife lost his wife second bid for the White House , former President Bill Clinton lamented the " us vs. them " attitude former President Bill Clinton sees in the world . former President Bill Clinton asked former President Bill Clinton audience to consider the two choices the " us vs. his audience " sentiment fosters , asking , " Are we going to live in an we and his audience world , or a world that we live in together ? If you got that , in every age and time , the challenges we face can be resolved in a way to keep we going forward instead of taking we to the edge of destruction . " The   ’s comments are clearly aimed at Donald Trump , though Clinton did n’t utter Donald Trump name during the event . Critics of President Donald Trump accused him of Donald Trump a policy of " nationalism . " These statements may not be surprising from a figure who has called for wide open borders . On that terrible day in 2001 that radical Muslim terrorists launched the most devastating attack on the U. S. A. in history , Bill Clinton was in Australia giving a speech before a group of businessmen . In comments made only ten hours before the towers fell in New York , Bill Clinton Bill Clinton felt the Bill Clinton would be a better place if there were no national borders . According to someone with knowledge of the former president ’s speech , Clinton said he Bill Clinton " Bill Clinton world will be a better place if all borders are eliminated   —    from a trade perspective , from the viewpoint of economic development and in welcoming [ the free movement of ] people from other cultures and countries . " Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 