Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte told leaders in Qatar and Bahrain during a regional visit this weekend that Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte would deploy Philippine troops to the region if necessary , promising that Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte soldiers are " very disciplined . " [ " I said I am even willing , if you are in trouble , if you are short with manpower , I have a very disciplined military and I can send you are short with manpower here , " Duterte said Duterte told Qatari businessmen in a speech on Saturday . " It is of our national interest that the Gulf states who have provided employment and thereby contributed to the gross national product of my country . "   " Just like any other Army in the world , they are very disciplined . And they can fight . Fight our national interest here and to protect and defend you , " he assured listeners . Duterte made a similar promise in Bahrain . " If you want [ our ] soldiers under your command , I ’m willing to send you one battalion , one regiment , one division to protect you . Just say the word , " Duterte said in remarks on Friday before heading to Qatar . He told Duterte audience Duterte he made Duterte promise to King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa directly . In Bahrain , Duterte explained Duterte his promise Duterte deploy troops was meant as a sign of gratitude to their government troops giving jobs to Philippine workers there . " We are , maybe far away , thousands of miles , but one of our most We national interest is really the kindness and accommodation that you have extended to my brother Filipinos , " he told my brother Filipinos group of businessmen . " That is why I said to His Royal my brother Filipinos , that that national interest is very important . And I committed to stand by you at all times . " Upon returning from his Mideast my brother Filipinos Monday , Duterte reaffirmed his commitment my brother Filipinos sending troops to the region . " I told them that troops will help them because troops what they did troops my countrymen . We will troops for them , troops he told my brother Filipinos . On Tuesday , National Security Adviser Hermogenes Esperon Jr. explained that any deployment to the Middle East would likely be a part of " specialized courses or training " and would take up to a year to approve . " There ’s no such thing as a military operational deployment , " he insisted National Security Adviser Hermogenes Esperon Jr. The Philippine military is currently beginning Exercise Balikatan , a set of annual military exercises done jointly with the American military . Whether Balikatan would take place this year remained an open question for some months as Duterte asserted that he would Duterte longer seek to keep military ties with America . Since President Donald Trump took office , however , Duterte has Duterte reaffirming his ties President Donald Trump Washington . In Qatar , he referred President Donald Trump Trump as President Donald Trump " deep thinker " and joked , " Have you seen his buildings President Donald Trump How can he be President Donald Trump ? " Duterte had Duterte in contrast , referred to President Barack Obama as a " son of a whore " on multiple occasions . Duterte traveled Duterte the Middle East last week seeking to strengthen economic ties and sign new agreements on " health , culture , technical vocational education and training , " according to Manila . CNN notes that more than 400 , 000 Philippine troops are already stationed in the Middle the Middle East 