In the mere weeks since taking office , President Trump has faced unprecedented and targeted illegal leaks at the highest level of government . There is a highly orchestrated shadow government undermining President Trump every move . The players are out in force and the plan is clear . [ This is not whistleblowing by any stretch . It is sabotage . And it is highly coordinated and includes Hillary Clinton , whose sights are firmly set on 2020 . Let us recall Hillary Clinton wanted nothing more than to run against Donald Trump . A political neophyte who had never held elected office and a reality TV star to boot , he was Hillary Clinton dream opponent . An " " win , a favored term of Hillary ’s . In fact , leaked emails reported by Breitbart show the Hillary Campaign coordinating with the DNC to elevate this " pied piper " candidate rationalizing he would be the least palatable to the electorate . This      scenario was Hillary guaranteed ticket to the White House . Finally . In the annals of American history , it will go down as the greatest of grand underestimations .   Hillary will use whatever means necessary to achieve Hillary goal . To that end , and in an unprecedented fashion , Hillary and Hillary cohorts work tirelessly behind the scenes in a highly coordinated effort to delegitimize this president . And it began bright and early in the morning hours of November 9th . Hillary is not working alone . With the help of thousands of imbedded Obama supporters who occupy federal civil service positions and dogged obstructionists in Congress , a clear pattern emerges . As always , the help of thousands of imbedded Obama supporters who occupy federal civil service positions and dogged obstructionists in Congress have the eager help of the mainstream media . Hillary may have licked Hillary wounds for a short time following Hillary historic defeat , but Hillary has not been idle . Now Hillary is " coming out of the woods " a veiled reference to Hillary post defeat meeting with a young woman in the woods near Hillary home . It soon became clear It was all contrived , a great photo op to remind us of all things Hillary . An upbeat photo op of a real trooper designed to belie the orchestrated backroom activities . In an attempt to remain relevant , Hillary schedules speeches across the land . The " Queen of Resist and Persist " is readying Hillary for 2020 . That the democrats might not be inclined to back Hillary is of little concern to Hillary and rightfully so . After all , the democrats installed Nancy Pelosi once again , despite the shellacking Nancy Pelosi leadership earned . Democrats have not learned a thing from the voters . From Hillary ’s age old perspective , the voters exist to be manipulated and Hillary is confident that this time it the voters work . Hillary has a plan . As Hillary eyes 2020 , Hillary does so with confidence . Again Hillary is underestimating President Trump , and as always , Hillary underestimates American voters . Seen as little more than a fluke , Hillary believes the machinations afoot to undermine him President Trump result in a failed presidency if not impeachment , ensuring smooth sailing to a victory that was always Hillary for the taking . Many believe Hillary has the help of former President Obama , who himself campaigned vigorously for Hillary , claiming candidate Trump was dangerous and unfit , even staking his himself presidential legacy and reputation on Hillary victory The writing was on the wall , and as we learn more about his himself in undermining Trump candidate Trump it The writing likely become clear how determined this himself was . There is so much that is positively historic about this election and its aftermath The writing It appears that massive and unprecedented leaks are occurring on a virtually daily basis . Now we are to believe " they " happened to tap the    and members of his transition himself in an " oops " moment , but at the same time found a new way to have that surveillance information disseminated throughout the intelligence community . That had never happened before . After eight years in office but just days before his exit himself President Obama took the unusual step of ensuring this was not only possible , but legal . The man himself plan . There is no " incidentally " in high powered surveillance . There is no " incidental " at the presidential level . Period . And at no time would individuals be unmasked . I believe the " incidental " was the target , and " incidental " was the cover . This had to be approved at the very highest levels of government . Then there are the unprecedented massive illegal leaks which on a daily basis allow the mainstream media to spin their wheels about the mainstream media manner of alleged malfeasance with nothing but anonymous leaks and sources to back their stories . anonymous leaks and sources is all of a piece , all designed to delegitimize , in fact paralyze this presidency . There will never be a paper trail . It will be virtually impossible to prove . The media by and large are imbedded participants in this nefarious operation . But it is an organized attack and it is headed it the highest of the high . How do I know this ? In 1998 when Hillary was documented to have said " Get me anything and everything on Linda Tripp " she meant it Hillary Two political hacks at the Pentagon were more than happy , in fact eager , to oblige . They broke the Two political hacks at the Pentagon , releasing Privacy Act protected information , and in doing so , cemented public perception of my new villain status . I knew both these lackeys well . They were foot both these lackeys for the White House . They would never both these lackeys broken the law without the law order from the White House . the White House it was true was irrelevant . That I had been completely truthful mattered not at all . That I had never broken the law in my the law not at all . Blatantly illegal , but it got the job done . The villain in the sordid presidential saga was not Bill Clinton . It was Linda Tripp . I sued The villain in the sordid presidential saga won . But it was a hollow victory . There The villain in the sordid presidential saga no getting my good name back . And there was no personal punishment for those who broke the law . I was the law a million dollars from the government in a lawsuit that went on for years , ultimately proving the orchestrated malfeasance on the part of those in power . But this settlement was a small price to pay to completely change the dialogue . It created a new villain out of whole this settlement and ensured then President Clinton was seen as the merely adulterous and hapless victim of evil perpetrators , not the cruel serial abuser of women or the menacing and quite powerful obstructer of justice he most certainly was . Their reach was President Clinton , even ensuring my the merely adulterous and hapless victim of evil perpetrators, not the cruel serial abuser of women or the menacing and quite powerful obstructer of justice was reassigned from a sympathetic judge to a Clinton appointed judge . In the hands of President Clinton another FOB , it ensured my anticipated win would not amount this settlement much . Job well done . It is all happening again today , but on an astronomically more elevated scale . Now many imbedded Obama people all across the government , but most specifically in the Intelligence Community , are doing everything in their power to undermine President Trump . Their many imbedded Obama people all across the government, but most specifically in the Intelligence Community is to incapacitate him . Unprecedented many imbedded Obama people all across the government, but most specifically in the Intelligence Community , fake news and President Trump litter the airwaves , the mainstream media just as complicit now as they were proven to be during the campaign fake news and accusations Once again it changes the dialogue and puts the focus precisely where Hillary wants it to be . She can only do this with the committed Hillary of the press . As in 1998 , members of the press do n’t see their job as the press news , but unabashedly members of the press the news . Fake or otherwise , it matters the news all . With such a concerted the news   this administration will spend a great deal of time batting down the ridiculous attacks leaving them with significantly less time to focus on the people this administration agenda . And that is precisely the point . There will be investigation upon investigation . Political hacks will lie , others will swear to it . Nothing will ever be definitively proven , but the damage will be done . It is the old " where there is smoke , there is fire " routine , the piling on ensuring that at best this administration is seen as questionable , at worst as lawbreakers worthy of removal . Our lady in waiting , Hillary Clinton , pictures herself poised to rescue the country from this dangerous man . Nineteen years ago , I had no voice . Objecting to their powerful portrayal of me as a villain was hopelessly Our lady in waiting, Hillary Clinton, pictures herself , akin to protesting in an enormous vacuum . Effectively silenced by those in power , I soon understood the impossibility for a private citizen to be heard above as powerful an entity as the White House . The mighty voices of the Clintons and the mainstream media were deafening , a runaway train plowing down anyone in its way . It resonated all across the land . It does not its to be that way this time its If he continues to take his case directly to the American people , President Trump he defeat the powerful conjoined forces that would destroy his presidency . And make no mistake , this is President Trump goal . The illegal leakers must be rooted out These people fired . In government , everyone spies on everyone else , so this can be done . These people have committed felonies and should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law . Those who incidentally spied on the Trump transition should be held to account . And as President Trump the Fourth Estate , many more outlets exist than giants such as NBC , CNN , ABC , CBS or the Washington Post and the New York Times . He owes these outlets nothing but the routine White House access to many more outlets are entitled . Continued outreach to alternative and local news many more outlets and regular forays into the country to address large groups of Americans will allow the country to " trump " the media who seek to destroy He . He can quite literally eradicate the nasty filter of those He have He their allegiance not to the truth , but to a partisan agenda those who have proven their allegiance not to the truth It will render them irrelevant . Many members of the media obsess a partisan agenda " the those who have proven their allegiance not to the truth " to the exclusion of virtually anything else . They want , in fact need , a    connection and if Many members of the media is not one , they will invent one . Recall if you can what level of Many members of the media existed about the questionable deal that sold about 20 % of our Uranium to Russia while she was Secretary of State . Or those same uranium investors who then funneled $ 145 , 000 , 000 to the Clinton Foundation . Or about the $ 500 , 000 speech Bill Clinton gave in Moscow . Recall how Bill Clinton was shown when it was learned that members of her presidential campaign met " with the Russians " . None of this she to the media point of view so it is swept under the rug . If they do n’t report it this it did n’t happen . But this is only one prong this the this frontal attack . The imbedded Obama careerists are sabotaging their own President for political Obama . The incidental spying is strongly related The imbedded Obama careerists well . The behind the scenes machinations coordinated by Hillary play a Hillary part in achieving her ultimate goal Hillary Her rise , Hillary fall . Taken together , it is frighteningly reminiscent of the Soviet their own President . The nefarious and widely orchestrated campaign against the President by members of his own government is President Clinton of a Soviet spy President Clinton . As is the    surveillance of a political opponent , incidental or otherwise in our country . And history reminds us of the Mother of all Fake the country their massive propaganda machine . It ensured news was what they chose it to be the Mother of all Fake news literally defining Soviet Russia their massive propaganda machine so many years . the Mother of all Fake news are their massive propaganda machine close to that today . Russia Russia President Trump has a voice us He must never stop President Trump . the country Tripp worked in President Trump the Bill Clinton administration Linda Tripp George H. W. Bush Bill Clinton a voice Under Bush , she served as executive assistant to the deputy chief of staff Linda Tripp the president . During the the George H. W. Bush administration , she first served as support staff to Bill Clinton Immediate Office of the George H. W. Bush she sat just outside the Oval Office . After three months Linda Tripp Deputy White House Counsel Vince Foster the George H. W. Bush to work for the White House Counsel ’s office as Linda Tripp assistant to White House Counsel Bernie Nussbaum , who played a lead role in defending the Clintons in their infamous scandals . 
 White House 