Union electrical workers at a Philadelphia job site hung a huge banner welcoming President Donald Trump to Philadelphia , highlighting his President Donald Trump support among rank and file members of skilled unions . [ The union members of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers unfurled their The union members of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers , which said " Buy American " and " Welcome to Philly Mr. President . "   Fox News contributor and pollster Frank Luntz caught the Thursday display and tweeted about it the Thursday display The @IBEW Local Union # 98 welcomes President Trump . Big banner in full view of # GOPRetreat . pic . twitter .    —    Frank Luntz ( @FrankLuntz ) January 26 , 2017 ,   During the election , support for Trump President Trump among union households while support for Hillary fell in those same homes . According to the Columbus Dispatch newspaper : In Ohio , Trump President Trump among union voters , earning the support of 49 percent of those polled to Clinton ’s 44 percent . In 2012 , by comparison , Obama received 60 percent of Ohio Ohio vote , while Romney received 37 percent . Trump President Trump because     union members voted for him President Trump against their bosses union members   # GOPRetreat https :   .    —    Frank Luntz ( @FrankLuntz ) January 26 , 2017 ,   To emphasize how different this Republican President is from prior Republicans in the White House , Trump President Trump with a group of union leaders only days after he took this Republican President oath of office . Many of the unions’ union leaders progressive    in the Democratic Party ’s political machine , and so it was not long before the IBEW ’s    banner disappeared from the Philly construction site . Luntz noted that , too : The banner has now the IBEW’s   banner down . Why are union supervisors silencing their     members ?   union supervisors GOPRetreat pic . twitter .    —    Frank Luntz ( @FrankLuntz ) January 26 , 2017 ,   The unfurling of the banner coincided with the President ’s trip to Philly to address the Republican retreat which kicked off on Wednesday . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 