The left has come up with a takeaway from fired FBI Director James Comey ’s testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee last week : The man who was in charge of the " world ’s premier security and    forces " is a victim of sexual harassment . [ Elle compared fired FBI Director James Comey’s meeting with President Donald Trump to a terrible date :   It goes like this : Comey ’s fired FBI Director James Comey’s invites him out to fired FBI Director James Comey’s work dinner when he arrives , fired FBI Director James Comey’s finds that fired FBI Director James Comey’s he assumed would fired FBI Director James Comey’s a group event has somehow turned into a     meeting . Comey is disturbed fired FBI Director James Comey’s his new boss fired FBI Director James Comey’s him so often fired FBI Director James Comey’s his previous supervisor fired FBI Director James Comey’s initiated just two    conversations with him in two fired FBI Director James Comey’s , the new one insists on having ‘ nine     conversations’ in four months —    ‘ three in person and six on the phone.’ Those    conversations , like the ‘ work dinner’ that was n’t , have an air of uncomfortable intimacy before beginning , the boss waits for everyone but Comey to clear the room . Elle concluded that because Comey would n’t Comey along with his abuser , Comey was fired Comey Dough Porter of the San Diego Free Press said Republicans blame the victim , just as is often the case for rape victims . " Women who have ever reported rape    sexual harassment must have been experiencing a strong sense of deja vu with the pattern of Republican attempts to blame    Comey , " Porter said . Dough Porter of the San Diego Free Press than cited Dough Porter of the San Diego Free Press Abcarian ’s column in the Los Angeles Times , which he said , Dough Porter of the San Diego Free Press set the scene perfectly . " " Is there a working woman alive who can not identify with poor James Comey right now ? The former FBI director ’s boss tried to seduce him . When The former FBI director’s boss seduction failed , his boss fired The former FBI director’s boss . And The former FBI director’s boss called him ‘ crazy The former FBI director’s boss a real nut job,’ " Abcarian wrote . " Hell hath no fury like a scorned President Trump , " Abcarian wrote . a real nut job,’" Abcarian The parallels between Mr. Comey ’s experiences with President Trump and the facts of a sexual harassment case   —    I am not the only one to notice them   — Mr. Comey’s experiences with President Trump and the facts of a sexual harassment case   should perhaps not be that surprising , " a Vox writer opined . And rather than focusing on how Comey admitted he Mr. Comey’s presidential Mr. Comey’s Hillary Clinton by obeying    General Loretta Lynch order to downplay the investigation into Clinton ’s   presidential candidate Hillary Clinton of classified information or how Comey leaked to Mr. Comey’s press the content of his private conversations Mr. Comey’s Trump , Vox focused on the " workplace issue . " The Vox writer Trump, Vox harassment is a workplace issue , one in which a supervisor abuses structural power over a subordinate . Americans tuned in , at least in part , to see if Comey would level Mr. Comey’s of improper use of power by his boss , Mr. Comey’s there was a sense in which the hearings were already set to cover ground familiar to many of us . The Washington Post called Comey ’s testimony Mr. Comey’s " performance of a lifetime " that involved playing two roles at once   —    the " prototypical   " and " the aggrieved victim of an undisciplined ,    president . " " In both roles , the play ends with Comey , the deposed FBI director , in a new and uncomfortable place   —    as the whistleblower , warning the nation about a president who schemes , lies and seeks to corrupt public servants under the guise of loyalty , " the Post reported . The Post actually turned to the Post expert to analyze what clearly was the vindication of Trump after months of speculation that he was under investigation for colluding with the Russians during his presidential campaign and practiced obstruction he justice for interfering with the investigation by firing Comey   —    both confirmed as not true by Comey . Derek Goldman , a theater director and founder of the Laboratory for Global Performance and Politics at Georgetown University , wrote : This was an unusually explicit example of someone in public life walking a tightrope between roles . Comey was trying to get across Comey ‘ I ’m trustworthy and I acted with integrity , on behalf of the greater good.’ That requires both his ‘ aw , shucks’ dignity Comey a capacity to speak truth to power , to blow the whistle . Meanwhile , Newsweek called the Comey hearing " Washington ’s Super Comey , " based on the crowds that filled D. C. bars at 9:30 a. m. Thursday to drink and watch it unfold on big screen televisions . " To many of the women watching , the    seemed uncomfortably familiar , " Newsweek reported , citing a liberal Newsweek writer . " Nicole Serratore ,   a theater and travel writer , tweeted that it read ‘ so weirdly like a date with terrible guy.’ " Her    tweet was quickly followed guy.’ a more serious string of messages . ‘ If you substitute sex for loyalty in all these exchanges it ’s like a guy who does not understand consent   wo n’t stop until he gets his way,’ she wrote a guy who does not understand consent   " a guy who does not understand consent   much guy.’ Comey ’s dinner story echoes accounts of FOX sexual harassment . It ’s a guy who does not understand consent   to miss the weird parallels , including documentation .   —    emily nussbaum ( @emilynussbaum ) June 8 , 2017 ,   So Comey told Jeff Sessions he did Comey want to be Comey with Trump . Women across the country can relate .   —    Maxine Waters ( @MaxineWaters ) June 7 , 2017 ,   " On Twitter , several women agreed with Serratore , adding that the committee ’s questioning of Comey sounded like the    of Comey assault survivors , " Newsweek reported . " In response to Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein ’s question : ‘ " Why did n’t you stop and say , ‘ Mr. President , this is wrong . I can not discuss this with you’ ? " Nell Scovell , a liberal TV writer and director , tweeted about the Comey ’s testimony , describing Comey . "    rape"I remain puzzled by your response . " When he said Flynn ’s a good guy , rape"I did n’t you say X ? Why did you stay in his room ?   —    Nell Scovell rape"I @NellSco ) June 8 , 2017 , 
 