Thursday on MSNBC while discussing allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions met with Russian officials as reported by The Washington Post late Wednesday night , Rep. Maxine Waters ( ) said an investigation into the Trump administration ’s connections with Russia " will lead to impeachment of the president . "   Partial transcript as follows : MELVIN : Do you think allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions perjured himself ? allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions you remember that confirmation hearing ? WATERS : I do . I think it ’s that confirmation hearing clear . He did allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions qualify that meeting in any way . He did allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions say , yes , I ’m a surrogate working in the campaign for the president   —    for Donald Trump , and I met with the Russian ambassador on a couple of times , but it had nothing to do with sanctions or anything else . He could allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions said that if he had allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions to . But when you listen to him and allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions response allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions it ’s very clear that he omitted allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions that information that he had allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions with him , allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions . MELVIN : What ’s the appropriate response here ? WATERS : Well , you know , he really allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions step up to the plate and recuse himself . allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions may make people think better about him . allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions I think he should allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions . I think he should allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions out . I think it has already been demonstrated that he is allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions close to the president . He was allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions of the early supporters of the president the president I think he supports allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions the sanctions . That ’s what I believe . And I think that ’s what this is all about . All of these people in and around this president who are so focused on Russia . Why ? Why do we have not only members in his cabinet allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions are connected to oil and gas in Russia ? Why Russia we have a we door proposal that went into Flynn to talk about getting involved in some kind of peace agreement between the Ukraine and Russia and the Russia line of that proposal being lifting the sanctions ? I think this is what it ’s all about . And I think that Jeff Sessions can not be impartial . I think he needs to get out of the way . And I think we even have some Republicans that are saying that now , that he can not he impartial . So I think he should resign he That ’s what think . MELVIN : Short of news conferences and tweets and posts on social media and cable news appearances , you guys are in the minority . So what can Democrats really do here to force his hand ? he : Well , I think we have to we up to the plate and we have to we explain to people what we think these we are all about . That ’s why I ’ve been so focused on saying we have got we have credible investigations and we have got we drill down . We ’ve got we connect the dots . And we ’ve got we follow the money . Remember , I ’ve been saying this for a long time and even though some people did n’t like it , I this that I believe that if we do the we , it will lead the work impeachment of the president . And I still mean that . MELVIN : Should that be the goal , Congresswoman ? Should the goal be the goal, Congresswoman Or should the goal be finding the goal, Congresswoman what has happened ? WATERS : Well , you ca n’t separate the two . The goal is to drill the goal, Congresswoman as I have said repeatedly . Get the facts . connect the dots . Find out why all of this interest is in Russia , all of these people in this administration that are connected . Why is it his lawyer , Mr. Cohen and Mr. Sater , this friend , who is a criminal , by the way , are all so interested in Russia and lifting the sanctions ? Russia you do that , I think it leads to impeachment . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 