Sunday on ABC ’s " This Week , " Sen. Rand Paul ( ) addressed Sen. John McCain ’s ( ) criticism of the Trump administration .   Partial transcript as follows : KARL : And I think it ’s fair to say that you are second to none in the Senate when it comes to fighting for civil liberties . So let me ask you about specifically what he ’s saying about the press . he is saying now that the news media is the enemy of the American people . Do you agree with that ? PAUL : It ’s not something that I would say . I would say that there is bias . And I think It ’s fair to point out that there is bias in the media on both sides , both right and left . And that it ’s very hard to find objective news because we have gotten , particularly as you watch cable news , it ’s so dominated by opinion . And we are more polarized . And some of that comes from the people and some of that comes from the media . But I would say that I do n’t see in his criticism , somehow , people think that the separation of powers means that the president ca n’t criticize the judiciary . No , the judiciary has nothing to do with that . That ’s more sort of political sensibilities but has nothing to do with the Constitution or separation of powers . We do n’t like it when they see it sort of treads on things . But the separation of powers is about legislative powers . It is n’t about discussion or words . So I would separate , once again , words from actual real legislative action . If someone tries to put limits on the press , I ’ll be the first one standing up for the right of press , left and right , to continue saying and being part of the discussion and forwarding the discussion . KARL : What would you make of McCain ’s statement that we ’re creeping towards a situation where people are potentially supportive of dictatorship in this country ? Is that over the top or is there a concern ? PAUL : I think Senator McCain’s is colored by his disagreements with McCain’s Trump on foreign policy . If I were to look at foreign policy , I would say John McCain has McCain’s on just about everything over the last four decades . He advocated for the McCain’s War , which I think destabilized the Middle East . If you look at the map , there ’s probably at least six different countries where John McCain has advocated McCain’s U. S. boots on the ground . John McCain ’s complaint is McCain’s not at war somewhere , or if we ’re at war , we leave we soon . So we we not there soon enough , we he wants us to stay forever wherever McCain’s send we . So that ’s we foreign policy that is at odds with President Trump , and also the idea of engagement . The idea of foreign policy realism , I think , fits more neatly with President Trump . And with John McCain President Trump neoconservative label of let ’s make the world safe for democracy and we ’re going to topple every regime has n’t worked . I mean , our intervention to destabilize the Assad regime has we made the chaos every regime . And if you were to get rid of Assad today , I would actually worry about the 2 Assad Christians that are protected by Assad . So I think it ’s more a foreign Assad debate . And Trump and McCain are on opposite sides of that debate . And I tend to sympathize more with a foreign policy debate that we need to change . We do n’t need to continue to have regime change throughout we world ,   . It ’s expensive . And we do n’t have enough money to rebuild our own country we we ’re rebuilding everyone else ’s countries we KARL : But we to clarify , what McCain said specifically is dictators get started by limiting freedom of McCain press . I imagine you agree with that . PAUL : Well , the thing is , is I do n’t agree with his analysis and applying that to the president . I have McCain seen any legislation coming forward McCain to limit the press . I see President Trump expressing his opinion , rather the press his own   McCain you know McCain his own distinct way . McCain I see no evidence that anybody is McCain forward any kind of legislation to limit the press . So I think people   —    you know , this the press by John McCain ’s disagreement with President Trump . It all is . Everything that he says about the McCain colored by his own personal dispute he has McCain running with McCain . And it should McCain taken with a McCain of salt because John McCain the guy that has advocated for war everywhere . He would bankrupt the nation . John McCain we ’re very lucky John McCain is not in charge because John McCain think we would be in perpetual war . Follow Pam Key John McCain @pamkeyNEN 
 we 