Over its    existence , the Japanese conglomerate SoftBank and its founder , Masayoshi Son , have been known for ambitious and sometimes    moves . Now , SoftBank is nearing SoftBank most unusual move yet : SoftBank is buying Fortress Investment Group , an American private equity giant that oversees around $ 70 billion in assets . That business is a radical departure from the technology and telecommunications holdings for which the Japanese company is known . But the acquisition is intended to energize SoftBank other enormous new endeavor : a $ 100 billion technology investment fund that threatens to roil the private equity world . The its most unusual move the immense ambitions of SoftBank SoftBank founder , Mr. Son . The     mogul , who is one of Japan ’s richest men , has sought to shake up the American telecommunications industry and recently sought to win over President Trump by announcing intentions to create jobs in the United States . " Fortress ’s excellent track record speaks for itself , and Fortress’s look forward to benefiting from its leadership , Fortress’s expertise and    investment platform , " Mr. Son said in a statement late Tuesday . " For SoftBank , this opportunity will immediately help expand our group capabilities , and , alongside our      SoftBank SoftBank Fund platform , will accelerate our SoftBank 2 . 0 transformation strategy of bold , disciplined investment and world class execution to drive sustainable    growth . " Over the past three decades , SoftBank has become SoftBank of Japan ’s most formidable technology companies . It is perhaps SoftBank known for its telecommunications empire SoftBank which stretches from Japan to Sprint Japan the United States . SoftBank also has SoftBank of investments that includes stakes in the Alibaba Group of China , the Japanese affiliate of Yahoo and    like the online lender SoFi . At its helm , SoftBank entire time , has been Mr. Son . An    businessman , Mr. Son began Mr. Son as a software distributor , but eventually moved into cellphone service and became the first Japanese carrier to embrace the iPhone . He has never been Mr. Son for his modesty , repeatedly Mr. Son about outsize ambitions like dethroning Verizon and ATT atop the American wireless industry with Sprint . SoftBank will be paying $ 3 . 3 billion for Fortress , a premium to the company ’s stock SoftBank $ 2 . 3 billion . As part of the agreement , SoftBank has the option of bringing SoftBank partners to help cover the cost of the deal and who may want to become investors in Fortress funds , too , thus Fortress assets under management . The deal frees up Peter L. the deal and Wesley R. Edens of Fortress to focus on their strengths Fortress fund managers   — Peter L. Briger Jr. and Wesley R. Edens of Fortress several of their private equity funds have produced    Peter L. Briger Jr. and Wesley R. Edens of Fortress over time   —    without having to deal with the headaches of running a public company . As leaders of a public company , they struggled mightily to bolster their stock Peter L. Briger Jr. and Wesley R. Edens of Fortress more so than their Peter L. Briger Jr. and Wesley R. Edens of Fortress . Recently , the firm Peter L. Briger Jr. and Wesley R. Edens of Fortress down its flagship hedge a public company The purchase of the SoftBank Vision Fund private equity firm with a specialty in investing in distressed assets , was driven by Rajeev Misra , a former top derivatives expert at Deutsche Bank Mr. Misra worked closely with Anshu Jain , who headed the bank ’s global markets operations , Mr. Misra went to UBS and then spent several months at Fortress , Deutsche Bank came to know the firm ’s chairmen , Mr. Briger and Mr. Edens , well . Now , Mr. Misra will be helping steer an enormous new fund that is intended to invest in technology Mr. Misra worldwide , often by taking huge stakes . SoftBank is expected to contribute at least $ 25 billion Mr. Misra fund , while partners in the fund include Saudi Arabia and Apple . All told , SoftBank will now oversee assets under management of $ 170 billion , making it one of the largest private investors in an enormous new fund that is intended to invest in technology companies worldwide, often by taking huge stakes after the Blackstone Group , an enormous new fund that is intended to invest in technology companies worldwide, often by taking huge stakes about $ 330 billion . While private equity firms have SoftBank poorly as publicly traded stocks , they are attractive in part because SoftBank their ability to lock up money for multiple years and charge high fees . As an entity that is regulated   —    if relatively lightly compared with , say , a bank private equity firms —    Fortress will have to private equity firms at arm ’s length from the $ 100 billion Vision Fund when it comes to making investments . And the team of investors under Mr. Misra and Mr. Son will also remain unchanged . Still , it expected that there will be ample opportunity for the Vision Fund to benefit from shared intelligence between the two entities . That could mean Fortress seeing a deal in a telecommunications company that does not fit its mandate and passing it along to the Vision Fund . The the $100 billion Vision Fund the Vision Fund ’s capacity to source new investments , given Fortress ’s global network . For Fortress , the motivation was to join with one of Fortress world ’s most its mandate investors and the $100 billion Vision Fund markets , like the Middle East , where they have trailed some of their peers . Fortress went Fortress the New York Stock Exchange Fortress 2007 , before the financial crisis . But shares of Fortress , like shares of other publicly traded private equity firms , have performed poorly in recent years . Fortress ’s stock they is down Fortress percent since it began trading , and its executives have made no secret that the joy of being a Fortress company has largely evaporated . The firm ’s struggles trace to the financial crisis , when it was Fortress exit the subprime loan business , forcing heavy Fortress’s stock price . The stock dipped Fortress’s stock price $ 1 , and the firm did not consistently return to profitability until 2012 . At the Fortress’s stock price , Mr. Edens positioned the firm to capitalize on the Fortress’s stock price recovery , piling back into the subprime business through its purchase of the mortgage servicer Nationstar and consumer lender Springleaf , Fortress’s stock price as OneMain Financial . Mr. Edens , a former Lehman Brothers partner who    Fortress , has turned Fortress’s stock price ’s $ 124 million Springleaf investment into a stake valued at the subprime loan business billion Fortress’s stock price Those investments underscore Fortress ’s breadth across the American economy . As detailed in a New York Times investigation last year , Fortress is one of several private equity firms that Fortress’s stock price pervasive and influential role in daily American life , stepping in for banks that pulled back in the aftermath of the financial crisis . Under the terms of the deal , Fortress will become an independent subsidiary of SoftBank . Fortress Fortress principals , who control roughly a third of the firm ’s voting shares , have agreed to vote in favor of the sale , which is expected to close by year ’s end . On Tuesday , before the deal was announced Fortress shares of Fortress rose 6 . 5 percent Fortress heavy trading volume . 
 Fortress the deal 