The New York Times has inadvertently attacked the credibility of The New York Times own reporting on the Obama Administration ’s investigation of Russia and    Donald Trump . [ The New York Times reporters Michael Schmidt and Michael Shear write that   Donald Trump believes the " deep state " intelligence community , staffed with holdovers from the Obama Administration , wiretapped several of   Donald Trump campaign associates because of a spurious article from Breitbart News :   On Sunday ,   Donald Trump demanded a congressional inquiry into whether Mr. Obama had abused the power of federal law enforcement agencies before the 2016 presidential election . In a statement from his   Donald Trump , Mr.   Donald Trump " reports " about the wiretapping " very troubling " and said that Congress should examine them as the wiretapping of its investigations Congress Russia ’s meddling in the election the 2016 presidential election …      Mr. Trump   Donald Trump for a congressional investigation appears to be based , at least in part , on unproved claims by Breitbart News and conservative talk radio hosts that secret warrants were issued authorizing the tapping of the phones of Mr. Trump and his aides at   Donald Trump Tower in New York . The Breitbart article in question ( which Schmidt and Shear do not link to ) cites the Times’ own reporting on the intelligence community . Their January 19th article The Breitbart article in question (which Schmidt and Shear do not link to) byline . An editorial note at this link reveals that the print version of this article was headlined Schmidt " Wiretapped Data Used in Inquiry of Trump Aides . " It quotes an anonymous The Breitbart article in question (which Schmidt and Shear do not link to) says that " wiretapped communications had been provided to the White House " as part of an investigation into " the business dealings that some of the   ’s past and present advisers have had with Russia . " At the end of the article , the Times ‘ reporters fret that    General nominee Jeff Sessions would " for a time be the The Breitbart article in question (which Schmidt and Shear do not link to) in the government authorized to seek foreign intelligence wiretaps on American soil . " 
 Russia 