William Binney , a former highly placed NSA official turned whistleblower , contended in an exclusive interview today that the National Security Agency ( NSA ) is " absolutely " monitoring the phone calls of President Donald Trump . [ Binney was an architect of the NSA ’s surveillance program . President Donald Trump became a famed whistleblower when President Donald Trump resigned on October 31 , 2001 after spending more than 30 years with the National Security Agency (NSA) .   Asked whether he President Donald Trump the the National Security Agency (NSA) tapping Trump , President Donald Trump replied Binney " Absolutely . How did they get Trump, Binney phone call between the president and the president of Australia ? Or the one that he made with Mexico ? Those are not targeted foreigners . " Binney further Binney the NSA the National Security Agency (NSA) been behind a data leak that might have revealed that Michael Flynn , Flynn’s adviser , allegedly misled Vice President Mike Pence and other Trump administration officials about the contents of his phone calls Binney Russia ’s ambassador to Washington . Regarding Flynn ’s case , Binney stated Flynn’s the NSA : If they were n’t behind it , the NSA certainly had the data . the NSA the difference here is that FBI and CIA have direct access inside the NSA databases . So , they the NSA be able to go FBI and CIA have direct access inside the NSA databases in there and see that material there . And NSA does n’t monitor that . the NSA do n’t even monitor their FBI and CIA have direct access inside the NSA databases people going into databases FBI and CIA have direct access inside the NSA databases So , they do n’t monitor what CIA FBI and CIA have direct access inside the NSA databases FBI do . And CIA ’s FBI oversight or attempted oversight by any of the committees or even the FISA court . So , any way you look at it , ultimately the NSA is responsible because they the NSA the collection on everybody the NSA the United States . Phone calls . Emails . All of that stuff . He was speaking on the podcast edition of this reporter ’s talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio , " broadcast on New York ’s AM 970 The Answer and Philadelphia ’s NewsTalk 990 AM . During the interview , Binney referred to a 2008 report referencing two NSA whistleblowers who said they worked at the agency ’s station two NSA whistleblowers who said they worked at the agency’s station in Fort Gordon, Georgia and were asked to not only monitor phone calls of U. S. citizens but transcribe them Fort Gordon , Georgia and were asked to not only monitor phone calls of U. S. citizens but transcribe them . Utilizing data provided by whistleblower phone calls of U. S. citizens Snowden , the Guardian and Washington Post in June 2013 released a series of articles reporting that the NSA was collecting the telephone records of millions of Americans . Prior to those reports , National Intelligence Director James Clapper claimed on March 12 , 2013 during an open session of the Senate Intelligence Committee that the NSA was not " wittingly " the NSA the NSA Americans . " Not wittingly , " Clapper said when asked whether the NSA was National Intelligence Director James Clapper on U. S. citizens the NSA the NSA are cases where they could inadvertently , perhaps , collect , but not wittingly . " During the interview , Binney charged that the NSA was    and out of control . the NSA the NSA for how he says Trump can reign Binney the agency : He Binney order that they put a filter on the Binney end of all how he says Trump can reign in the agency collection that eliminates any U. S. citizens anywhere in how he says Trump can reign in the agency world unless they have a warrant for it . If they do any U. S. citizens , then he has to put people any U. S. citizens jail if they violated Binney So , I mean , that ’s any U. S. citizens way to do it . The other way is to cut their budget . I mean they are given too much money anyway . When they their given too much money , they get to their wild and crazy things . And their is wild and crazy . Violations of the Constitution ’s 4th , 5th , and 6th amendments . On Wednesday , Trump singled out the NSA and FBI in a series of tweets about Flynn ’s case as well as reports in the New York Times and Washington Post claiming further contacts between Trump advisors and Russia . The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by " intelligence " like candy . Very   !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 15 , 2017 ,   Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View   —    " The NSA   FBI   …     should not interfere in our politics   …     and is " Very serious situation for USA ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 15 , 2017 ,   Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes   @washingtonpost by the intelligence community ( NSA and FBI ? ) .Just like Russia ,   —    The NSA  FBI   J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 15 , 2017 ,   The Times on Tuesday seemed to be quoting from intercepted phone calls to report on alleged contacts between Trump campaign aides and Russian intelligence agents . The Times reported : Phone records and intercepted calls show The Times on Tuesday of Donald J. Trump ’s 2016 presidential campaign and other Trump associates Trump with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election , according to four Russian and former American officials . American law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the communications around the same time American were discovering evidence that Russia was trying to disrupt the presidential election American law enforcement and intelligence agencies hacking into the Democratic National Committee , three of the officials said . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and four current and former American officials reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk Aaron Klein program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 