This morning ’s key headlines from GenerationalDynamics . com ,   USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier strike group ( Reuters ) South Korea reports that early on Monday morning , North Korea    a ballistic missile , North Korea ninth ballistic missile test this year . This comes just one week after another ballistic missile test . The missile flew about 450 km ( 280 miles ) and landed in the Sea of Japan . The missile is assumed to be a " Scud " missile known as the    that can be launched from a mobile platform , to target enemy aircraft or nearby ground targets . North Korea has a large stockpile of Scud missiles , originally developed by the Soviet Union . North Korea ’s child dictator Kim    is quoted as saying that the system should be deployed " all over the North Korea forests so as to completely spoil the enemy ’s wild dream to command the air , boasting of air supremacy , and weapon almighty . " The usual steps have been taken in response to the latest ballistic missile test : South Korea ’s President Moon    who had hoped to have friendly relations with North Korea , called a meeting of the country North Korea Security Council . Japan launched a protest and called the test " the latest ballistic missile test , while Japan ’s prime minister Japan vowed action to deter North Korea ’s repeated provocations . Reuters and The Diplomat and Sky News ( Australia ) Related Articles , The US Navy is deploying a third aircraft carrier strike group to the waters around North Korea . The USS Nimitz will join the USS Carl Vinson and USS Ronald Reagan , which were already in the region . That decision was made before Sunday ’s ballistic missile test , so tensions are growing high in the region . These events the region people to worry about war , and specifically to worry that President Donald Trump will launch airstrikes on North Korea . It is North Korea predict what any individual will do , and that certainly includes politicians . So it is possible that Trump may order some kind of attack President Donald Trump North Korea , and thus trigger North Korea new Korean war , and subsequently a world war . My personal belief is that three aircraft carriers are there to pressure North Korea politically and that the actions North Korea taken with the cooperation of the Chinese , and possibly even the Russians . For example , one scenario short of an attack is that China and the US are playing good    cop . That is just a guess . Anyway , we will just have to wait and see . Sunday ’s test was of a    mostly defensive ballistic missile , so it may be possible to have fanciful thoughts that North Korea is backing down , or at least slowing down . A new test of either a nuclear weapon or an intercontinental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) two technologies which could be combined to deliver a nuclear weapon to the US mainland , would raise tensions enormously . No one doubts any longer that North Korea will inevitably develop the technology to deliver North Korea weapon to the US mainland . So there ’s going to be the US mainland or in the near future . That ’s what Generational Dynamics has been predicting anyway , so there ’s no surprise . Asahi Shimbun ( Tokyo ) and Daily Beast and CBS News , Related Articles , KEYS : Generational Dynamics , North Korea , Scud    ballistic missile , Kim    North Korea , Moon    Japan , Shinzo Abe , USS Nimitz , USS Carl Vinson , USS Ronald Reagan Permanent web link to this article Receive daily World View columns by  
 