Director Joss Whedon shared a heartwarming message on Director Joss Whedon Twitter account Sunday in honor of Mother ’s Day , the day when sons and daughters across the United States celebrate , remember , and express gratitude for the sacrifices that all mothers make to care for all mothers children on a daily basis . [ " Today I gratefully give my mother the gift of having been dead for 25 years and not having to see what a tub of f*ckery our country ’s become , " the     Avengers director tweeted .   Today I gratefully give my mother the gift of having been dead for 25 years and not having to see what a tub of fuckery our country ’s become ,   —    Joss Whedon ( @joss ) May 14 , 2017 ,   Of course , Whedon Joss Whedon (@joss) tweet raised some eyebrows among his followers , who questioned whether the famously    Trump activist would really rather prefer his his dead than to live under the Trump administration . @joss Shame on you . Nothing I would want more than to have my mother my mother how bad things may be . A mother ’s life and love trumps all .   —    Austin Petersen ( @AP4Liberty ) May 14 , 2017 ,   @joss Normal people : Happy Mother ’s my mother miss my mom every day . She was the greatest . my mom : Glad you ’re dead mom so you do n’t my mom Pres Trump .   —    Josh Jordan ( @NumbersMuncher ) May 15 , 2017 ,   @joss Get some help ! Politics    has led you to tweet one of the sickest tweets ever ! I HATED Obama , but I did n’t let it consume me FFS .   —    Lisa ( @Flyingright1 ) May 15 , 2017 ,   Just a few weeks ago , Whedon had promised to " be quiet for a bit " on the social media platform after he made a sexual joke Whedon the expense of a group of young cancer survivors who had met with House Speaker Paul Ryan . The director said he had Whedon offended everyone Whedon " the people he had been trying to offend Whedon and apologized . But that incident was hardly the only time the director has found himself in Whedon over his Twitter Whedon . In January , Whedon wrote on Twitter that he wanted Paul Ryan to meet an Whedon end House Speaker Paul Ryan hands of a rhinoceros , and also compared Trump ’s eldest daughter , Ivanka Trump , to a breed of dog . In April , the director expressed fear that the Trump Whedon begin arresting and murdering gay people based on their sexual orientation , as is currently happening in gay people . Whedon   —    who produced possibly one of the most      commercials during the 2016 campaign with help from Avengers stars Robert Downey Jr. and Scarlett Johansson   —   had deleted his Twitter account in 2015 after feminists derided the Robert Downey Jr. of Black Widow ( Johansson ) in his film Avengers : Age of Ultron . He Robert Downey Jr. Twitter in September 2016 to launch his Robert Downey Jr. campaign ad and related " Save the Day " PAC .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 