The Trump administration is reportedly considering positioning nuclear weapons in South Korea in an attempt to fend off rising hostility from the North Korean regime . [ According to NBC News , the National Security Council has presented Donald Trump and Donald Trump advisers with a range of options to counteract the North Korean threat , among them Donald Trump and his advisers nuclear weapons in South Korea or assassinating the South Korea dictator Kim   .   Another option would be to perform military exercises as a show of force in the region , using strategic bombers and practicing long range strikes , with the potential to take out some of North Korea ’s key military infrastructure . The consideration for military proliferation in South Korea South Korea rising tensions in the region , as the region launched ballistic missile tests on Wednesday morning in another provocative act . " We have 20 years of diplomacy and sanctions under our belt that has failed We stop the North Korean program , " a senior intelligence officer told NBC . " I ’m not advocating    war , nor do I think that the deployment of nuclear weapons buys more for us than it costs . " Secretary the deployment of nuclear weapons Defense James Mattis has previously warned that any attack from North Korea on the United States would lead to a retaliation that is both " effective and overwhelming . " In March , Donald Trump claimed that China has " done very little to help " reduce the North Korean threat . Following his meeting this week with Donald Trump President Xi Jinping , Trump said the pair had Donald Trump " tremendous progress " in the relationship between the two countries . North Korea is behaving very badly . They have been " playing the two countries the United States for years . China has done little to China !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 17 , 2017 ,   This week , Trump warned this week " Donald Trump China is not going to China the North Korean threat , [ America ] will . " " China has great influence over China Korea and China will either North Korea China us with North Korea , or they wo n’t North Korea Trump said . North Korea and China And Donald Trump they do that will be very good for North Korea and China , and if they China n’t it wo n’t be good North Korea and China anyone . " During his presidential campaign , Trump Donald Trump for countries such Donald Trump South Korea , Japan , and Saudi Arabia North Korea nuclear weapons in order to reduce the North Korean threat . The news also follows Trump ’s decision on Thursday Donald Trump airstrikes against Bashar    and the Syrian regime in response to a chemical weapons attack carried out by the regime . Before the strike took place , Kim the Syrian regime    on the 70th anniversary of the country ’s ruling Ba’ath party , suggesting the pair have a warm relationship . You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . com . 
 Ben Kew on Facebook 