During a speech at the University of Pennsylvania on Thursday , former Vice President Joe Biden argued that in 2016 , the Democratic Party " did not talk what it always stood for , and that is how to maintain a burgeoning middle class . "   former Vice President Joe Biden stated that former Vice President Joe Biden thinks the choice between protecting American jobs and engaging with the world is " exaggerated . " former Vice President Joe Biden added , " Look , in a sense , we would n’t be having this conversation about American jobs , in the way it ’s just been phrased , legitimately , by the president , were it not for 171 , 000 votes , 171 , 000 votes in four states , that put we in this position . " Biden continued that 2016 was the first campaign Biden could remember " where , my party did not talk what my party always stood for , and that is how to maintain a burgeoning middle class . And the truth of the matter is , you did n’t hear a single solitary sentence in the last campaign about that guy working on the assembly making $ 60 , 000 a year , and the wife making $ 32 , 000 as a hostess in a restaurant   …     and they ’ve got two kids , and they ca n’t make it , and they ’re scared , and they ’re frightened . " that guy working on the assembly further stated that while on the macro level , globalization has been a phenomenal success , but it has " left people behind . " And the global system is something the US needs more than anyone in the world . Biden later said , " [ Y]ou know , all those angry white men , you know , we talk about , that are racist . Guess what ? Barack and I won Barack and I . Let we get this straight . It was n’t racist . Barack and I voted for a black man , twice in a row , but Barack and I did n’t this time . Barack and I did n’t this time , because Barack and I look out there , and Barack and I ’re scared and no one ’s talking to Barack and I . " He also stated President Trump " has not created any jobs . He He not going to create many jobs . " He He argued that it ’s a " false choice " to try and decide between focusing on the white working class and being progressive . (   Dan Merica ) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 