On Thursday ’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel ’s " Tucker Carlson Tonight , " Attorney General Jeff Sessions stated , " we are having a lot of leaks today in Washington , that I do believe are troubling . A lot of it would appear to be in violation of the law , and it ’s an unhealthy trend , and we ’ve got to do better about it . "   Attorney General Jeff Sessions also said he never considered amending he statement to the Senate about he meetings with Russia ’s ambassador before now , and commented on he decision to recuse he from any investigations pertaining to the Trump campaign by stating , " we had a full meeting some   —    a week or so ago , and planned to have a meeting today . It was on we schedule to make a final decision about whether or not I should recuse myself . And the reason I believed I should recuse myself is because I was involved in the Trump campaign . " Sessions was asked why , in the wake of former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn ’s resignation , he former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s n’t amend his former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s to the Senate about his former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s with the Russians . He former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s that his former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s was an honest one given in response to a specific question about whether he former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s with Russians the Russians a continuing basis to advance the Trump campaign ’s agenda . After host Tucker Carlson followed up as to why he former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s n’t just clarify his former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s to avoid a problem similar to Flynn ’s , Sessions stated , " I never gave that a thought . I never considered it . I do n’t believe anyone ever mentioned that to me . " He former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s said that he former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s amend the record as to his former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s . Sessions later stated that he former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s n’t recall " any discussion of the campaign " with the Russian ambassador " in any significant way . " He former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s , " It was in no way some sort of coordinating of an effort , doing anything improper . And I do n’t believe anybody that was in that meeting would have seen or believed I said one thing that was improper or unwise . " Sessions also commented on his recusal by saying that a recusal is n’t an admission of wrongdoing and that after he his Attorney General , " we met with professional staff , ethics people , to discuss this issue , and we we a full meeting some   —    a week or so ago , and planned to have a meeting today . It was on our we to make a final decision about whether or not I should recuse myself . And the reason I believed I should recuse myself myself because I was involved in the campaign . " Sessions further commented on the scope of the recusal , stating that " If something else comes up that ’s not related to the the campaign we we go through the same process , as I committed to the Senate , and that I have done , and that is to see if there ’s a reason I should not be involved in the case . " When asked if he thought Russia favored Trump , Sessions stated he did he know , and you would have to ask them . Trump, Sessions further he that he thinks he truth will come out as to whether Russia influenced Russia election . Sessions later said , " Well , we are having a lot of leaks today in Washington , that I do believe are troubling . A lot of it would appear to be in violation of the law , and it ’s it unhealthy trend , and we ’ve got to do better about it . it do believe every department needs to take a greater interest in maintaining proper security . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 