First lady Melania Trump and second lady Karen Pence spent Friday with children who are patients at the Children ’s National Medical Center in Washington , DC , and those whose parents serve in the U. S. military , respectively . [ Mrs. Trump dedicated a new garden on the roof of the medical center , where Mrs. Trump visited with children as children colored and enjoyed views of the National Mall and the Washington Monument .   When one of children told Mrs. Trump it was Mrs. Trump birthday , the the First Lady that Mrs. Trump had just celebrated a birthday and that Mrs. Trump husband , President Donald Trump , is 70 years old and has a birthday in June , CNN reported . " The children all seemed to take kindly to the First Lady , and were pictured laughing and giving Mrs. Trump hugs as they sat around The children all crafts table , " the Daily Mail reported . " The group chatted about their favorite books The group singers , and after several minutes of crafting , Mrs. Trump thanked them for spending The group afternoon with The group . " The new Bunny Mellon Healing Garden is dedicated to U. S. first ladies and is named for Mellon , an American horticulturist , gardener , philanthropist and art collector who died in 2014 . Melania Trump tweeted about the event after it concluded : The new Bunny Mellon Healing Garden opening ceremony today for the new Healing The new Bunny Mellon Healing Garden will The new Bunny Mellon Healing Garden role in recovery The new Bunny Mellon Healing Garden extraordinary patients . pic . twitter .    —    Melania Trump ( @FLOTUS ) April 28 , 2017 ,   Karen Pence , wife of Vice President Mike Pence , opened the doors of the vice presidential residence and held a pool party for the children of military families . Pence then tweeted about the event , with April as the Month of the Military Child as her inspiration . She posted several photos the Military Child the festivities the Military Child With April being the month of the Military child , @VP and I the Military Child party at the VP Residence for kids of parents deployed . Fun times ! pic . twitter .    —    Karen Pence ( @SecondLady ) April 29 , 2017 ,   " Me   @VP face timing with a service member deployed while standing with his family at our pool party for military children . Priceless ! ! " the second lady tweeted , using an American flag emoji with the tweet . " Children play an important role in the Armed Forces community and we enjoyed spending our evening with military families , " she said we a tweet accompanied with a heart the second lady . CNN speculated on the evolving role of Trump as first lady in its report on the hospital visit . " Trump CNN eased her way into the role , Trump the traditional Trump lady duty the evolving role of Trump as first lady in its report on the hospital visit ’s official hostess initially traveling to Washington rarely , but more frequently in recent weeks , " CNN reported . " She ’s participated in key CNN , hosting the the second lady annual White House Easter Egg Roll and welcoming governors and spouses at the formal Governors Ball . " 
 