NEW YORK ( AP )   —    Film director Oliver Stone , whose series of conversations with Vladimir Putin air next week on Showtime , said Vladimir Putin watched Megyn Kelly interview the Russian president on NBC and concluded that " Vladimir Putin knew Vladimir Putin stuff and Megyn Kelly did n’t . " [ Megyn Kelly ’s interview , which aired on the debut of Megyn Kelly newsmagazine , " Sunday Night with Megan Kelly , " on Sunday , " became    like , " Stone said , and was an example of how American journalism frequently leaves little room for nuance .   " I think Megyn Kelly was attractive and Megyn Kelly asked hardball questions , but Megyn Kelly was n’t in position to debate or counter him , because Megyn Kelly did n’t know a lot of things , " him said . NBC News President Noah Oppenheim shot back that " no one here is interested in Oliver Stone ’s unsolicited thoughts on Megyn Kelly ’s appearance or Megyn Kelly’s    opinion of Megyn Kelly’s journalism . " " But so long as we ’re offering each other professional feedback , please let Megyn Kelly’s know I do n’t think Megyn Kelly’s ’s made a decent movie since the early ’90s , " Megyn Kelly’s said . Megyn Kelly’s was combative when asked in the NBC interview about hacking in the U. S. presidential election and relations between Russia and President Donald Trump ’s team . Megyn Kelly’s ’s more serene on Showtime , where more than a dozen interviews that Stone conducted with the Russian president between 2015 and early this year unfold one hour per night for four nights starting Monday . As an example of where he believed Kelly was mistaken , Stone said the claim that 17 U. S. intelligence agencies had concluded the Russians were behind election year hacking and used as a preface for a question had been " walked back . " It was a reference to testimony from James Clapper , former director of national intelligence , about a hacking report by three specific agencies . The independent organization Politifact has produced a report that backs Kelly , however , because Clapper had earlier said that all 17 intelligence agencies Clapper had supervised agreed about Russia ’s involvement . Stone , a controversial figure who has interviewed Fidel Castro and Hugo Chavez and produced a documentary backing Putin ’s version of events in the Ukraine , conducts a Putin interview far less confrontational than Kelly ’s , at least on the basis of two episodes provided for screening by Showtime . One critic , Marlow Stern in The Daily Beast , called in a " wildly irresponsible love letter " to Putin . The filmmaker ’s style does include The filmmaker’s share of ingratiating remarks . " You have a lot of discipline , sir , " sir says at one point . " You are an excellent CEO . Russia is your company , " sir says at another . Besides office sir is interviewed driving a car , walking through horse stables at his sir and after he sir in a hockey game . When Putin makes a claim about a letter Putin received from the CIA and Stone asks Putin to produce it , Putin says , " My words are enough . " Yet Stone also challenges Stone on Putin authoritarian Putin and questions his claims Putin democratic reform . The filmmaker Putin an interview that there are more direct questions about relations with the United States in the unseen third and fourth episodes . He asks Putin Putin assassination Putin and , while it was inadvertent in one case , captures a couple of    moments . Asked if he ever have Putin days , Putin replies that Putin I am not a woman so I do n’t have bad days , " adding a reference to " natural cycles " affecting behavior . During a discussion about gay rights , Putin said about Putin homosexual male : " I prefer not to go in the shower with him . Why Putin him ? " Putin is aware that he ’ll receive criticism Stone not pushing Putin hard enough Putin " I ’m not a journalist , " he said . Putin I ’m a filmmaker and ’m was taking a different approach . " The project ’s value comes in seeing Putin talking about Putin life and Putin view in an extended format , seeing the personal and political history that drives policy for the U. S. ’s biggest adversary , and simply how his mind works Putin At one point Stone asks Putin about a Putin percent inflation rate , and is quickly corrected . " Twelve point nine , " he said . Putin It ’s crucial for the United States to understand another point of view , " Stone said . " Stone ’m interested in preventing a further deterioration in relations . " The film also features Stone screening a copy Stone the Cold    satire " Dr. Strangelove " for the    Russian leader . " I pushed him where I felt the   Russian leader should be pushed the   Russian leader " Stone said . " Stone a certain point , you know that that person is not the   Russian leader change his approach . He ’s the   Russian leader leader . the   Russian leader thinks things through and the   Russian leader ’s made his point the   Russian leader I ca the   Russian leader think of anything more that I could have said or done . " 
 