Dr. Sebastian Gorka , deputy assistant to the president , formerly National Security editor for Breitbart News , told Breitbart News Daily on Monday that President Trump ’s visit to the Middle East has been a " stunning " success . [ " It ’s what Dr. Sebastian Gorka, deputy assistant to the president, formerly National Security editor for Breitbart News predicted . Dr. Sebastian Gorka, deputy assistant to the president, formerly National Security editor for Breitbart News did n’t tell anybody , but the international press , even the Guardian , of all places , in the U. K. has been nice or at worst neutral , " the U. K. observed . " It ’s going as Dr. Sebastian Gorka, deputy assistant to the president, formerly National Security editor for Breitbart News expected . The leadership of President Trump is shining through , whether it The leadership of the president in Riyadh or now in Israel . "   SiriusXM host Alex Marlow pointed out that U. S. media coverage has been consumed with hysteria over President Trump ’s political difficulties , which has stampeded some Republican politicians into portraying the Trump White House as crippled or even mortally wounded . The    but    theory of collusion between the Trump 2016 campaign and Russia has been a key element of this hysteria . " The only evidence of collusion is between the DNC and the media in America . That ’s the reality , " Gorka responded , referring to the Democratic National Committee ’s activities during the 2016 Democratic primary and general election .   " We ’ve gone beyond fake news to simply propaganda . Every day there ’s another    ‘ scoop.’ It ’s always unnamed sources , then it It never verified , and as soon as people realize there ’s nothing behind it It they people a new one , " he said . " It It disheartening to see the depths even    formerly prestigious news organizations , such as the Washington Post and New York Times , have sunk , " he he . " Let ’s remember one thing : the President of the United States was an outsider . He the President of the United States not represent the establishment in any way , shape , or form . So really , is anybody surprised about what ’s happening right now ? I , for one , am not , " he the President of the United States . Gorka said that " the first thing that has to be understood " about President Trump ’s journey is that " this is not an apology tour , " as President Barack Obama ’s first trip to the Middle East was seen by many . " We have three goals for this trip : Number one , to reassert American leadership , that we We back in the personage of Donald J. Trump . America We returned . There will be no ‘ strategic patience’ or ‘ leading from behind.’ America has returned , " he Donald J. Trump . " Secondly , we We rebuilding all those relationships , all those friendships that were almost destroyed in the last eight years   —    especially with our We allies in the region , who have to be the front line in the war against groups like ISIS , " he Donald J. Trump . " Also , our We best ally , best friend in the region , which is , of course , Israel . " " I do n’t know if you had a chance to watch the footage of the president getting off Air Force One just now . Look at the body language of President Rivlin , Prime Minister Netanyahu . Look at the beaming smiles . They the body language of President Rivlin, Prime Minister Netanyahu been in the wilderness . They the body language of President Rivlin, Prime Minister Netanyahu been wandering in the the wilderness the last eight years , treated as enemies . That ’s all ended , " Gorka promised . " And lastly , the third pillar is simply determination to destroy our common foe . When the the president getting off Air Force One just now   —    this is yesterday , my favorite quote from the speech   —    ‘ we are going our defeat terrorism and send its wicked ideology terrorism oblivion,’ those are n’t words . It ’s not terrorism boilerplate . The president the president getting off Air Force One just now , " Gorka terrorism . He emphasized the the president getting off Air Force One just now of President Trump ’s address to a room filled with the leaders of more than fifty Arab Muslim nations and saying , " You must drive the terrorists and the extremists out of your places of worship . " After playing a clip of Trump delivering that imperative President Trump’s Marlow noted that this tone was diplomatic , but his rhetoric was " Marlow toughest [ he had ] ever Marlow from an American leader in the Middle East . " " That clip tells you everything you need to know when it comes to policy That clip " said Gorka . " We do n’t give our game plan away We but listen to the two halves of that clip . The That clip was very simple ,   . It was the kryptonite to The first half . We are not going to We your problems for you . We ’re not here to We . We ’re not here to We . You have to take this threat seriously . " " And then the second half is the    chamber , Ben Rhodes , Obama , Rice echo chamber , " he continued . " We Ben Rhodes not going to solve this with ‘ Jobs for Jihadis.’ This is about the radicalization , the recruitment in places of worship . This is about the religious ideology that results in events like    Fort Hood , Boston , and so forth . " " So just in that   —    what was that ,    clip ?   —    you saw exactly where we ’re coming from . No more neoconservatism . No more Alice in Wonderland policies , as we ’ve had in the last eight years , " Gorka declared . Marlow asked Gorka to explain the glowing Gorka President Trump the Orb of Unity upon , a Marlow image that inspired much merriment on social media . " No , I will not even try to explain the Orb of Unity , but it ’s a great meme for crashing the Internet the Orb of Unity do n’t you think ? " Gorka replied with tongue in Gorka . Looking ahead , Gorka said President Trump would Gorka Yad Vashem in Israel on Monday , in addition to holding " private meetings with the president , President Rivlin , and with Prime Minister Netanyahu . " " He ’s going to go to the Israel Museum President Trump and then he has a private dinner   —    the President Trump lady , himself , and the Netanyahus this evening , " Gorka said . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . 
 