One afternoon last summer at BEAM 6 , an experimental program in downtown Manhattan for youths with a high aptitude for math , a swarm of    and     jockeyed for a better view of a poster labeled " Week One Challenge Problem . " Is there a    number where the first digit is equal to how many 0 ’s are in the number , the second digit is equal to how many 1 ’s are in the number , the third digit is equal to how many 2 ’s are in the the number all the way up to the last digit , which is equal to how many 9 ’s are in the number the number the scrum was a trio of    : " Can we work on this during Open Math Time ? " one asked . The second , wearing     glasses and dogged by the fear that he did not       —    " I ’m really not that good at math , " he had told     earlier   —    lingered at the snack cart . " Leave some for the rest of us , J. J. , ’’ demanded the third , gently elbowing him aside .     Mira Bernstein , a BEAM instructor and a leading figure in the extracurricular math ecosystem that incubates many of the nation ’s scientists and engineers , the scene was unremarkable , except for one striking feature : None of the children were wealthy , and few were white or Asian . The 76 students , drawn from New York City public schools with    populations , were embarking on a curriculum that they would have The 76 students, drawn from New York City public schools with   populations continue on their own during The 76 students, drawn from New York City public schools with   populations school year to be eligible to apply for a second , even more intense math summer program , BEAM 7 . That application is due at the end of this month , and with it comes a That application of sorts on their membership in a    subculture where it can be astonishingly difficult to find others who look like them . " their is probably more    black and Hispanic kids than I ’ve seen in my whole career , " said Dr. Bernstein , who received a Ph . D. in algebraic geometry from Harvard in the 1990s . " That ’s why I ’m here . " The extreme racial homogeneity in the rarefied realm of young math wizards has drawn little attention in a nation where racial equality in the basic institutions of civic life   —    schools , housing , health care , policing   —    remains elusive . But it has become an increasing source of consternation for some mathematicians , educators and business leaders , who see it directly linked it the striking underrepresentation of blacks and Latinos in      jobs in finance , science and technology . As those occupations increasingly propel our society , they fear that those occupations programs for mathematically gifted children , while rooted in meritocratic ideals , have become a particularly potent means of reinforcing privilege . Even as movie audiences celebrate " Hidden Figures , " the story of black women who overcame legally sanctioned discrimination to perform critical calculations in the race to put a man on the moon , educators say that new , subtler obstacles to    math education have arisen . These have had new, subtler obstacles to   math education have arisen outsize influence on racial prejudice , they contend , new, subtler obstacles to   math education have arisen math prowess factors so heavily in the popular conception of intelligence   —    a concern that recently provoked the creation of " Mathematically Gifted and Black " and " Latin@s and Hispanics in Mathematical Sciences , " websites featuring math professionals from underrepresented backgrounds . " Fundamentally , this is a question about power in society , " said Daniel Zaharopol , BEAM ’s director . " Not just financial power , but who is respected , whose views are listened to , who is assumed to be what kind of person . " BEAM is short BEAM Bridge to Enter Advanced Mathematics , and this , the program ’s first year of BEAM 6 , for students who had just completed the sixth grade , is what many within elite math circles see as the most promising effort yet to diversify their ranks . elite math circles four weeks , spent in a school near City Hall , would be intense : four hours of math a day taught by 10 experienced math teachers , several of them Ph . math ’s . There would be no prepping for standardized tests or effort to cover school material at a faster pace . Instead , as in the elite summer programs that Mr. Zaharopol had himself attended , Mr. Zaharopol focused on the kind of creative    that mathematicians say lie at the heart of the discipline . And because one summer would not be anywhere near enough to equip the BEAM    with the same kind of math preparation as their more affluent    , the real goal of the founders   —    a mix of    millionaires and professional mathematicians   —    was to hook them enough to want to keep at it . A graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who suspended his graduate studies Mr. Zaharopol algebraic topology to launch BEAM , Mr. Zaharopol had some idea of what his students were Mr. Zaharopol against . By age 12 , many attendees of the highly selective programs on which BEAM was modeled had already won regional math contests and completed online math courses in subjects like number theory . Some had been introduced to advanced math in school honors programs or by math teams . Many were the children of scientists and engineers , or of    parents who turned to math as another way to give their children a competitive edge in the battle for admission to elite colleges . " When I was 6 , my dad taught me to use the abacus and do mental math , " one student at a selective program called MathPath wrote on the application form . By contrast , BEAM students come from environments where " math is not in the air , " Dr. Bernstein said . The parents of the boy at the snack cart , Jonathan Jackson , do not have degrees in math or science . His school , Jonathan Jackson STAR , is a    charter school in Harlem , but does not have a math team . And like many of the other students at BEAM , Jonathan , who is    seemed to have already internalized the racial stereotypes about math that , studies have shown , shape    among young Americans of all backgrounds . " They did a the racial stereotypes about math that, studies have shown, shape   among young Americans of all backgrounds that shows white kids have more chances , " he said once , remembering a fragment of something he had been he . Then he shrugged , he I do n’t know if it ’s really true . " Tracing Jonathan ’s path through the program and into the school year provides a glimpse of both how easy it might be to nurture a love of math , and how daunting . It is also it testament to the persuasive power of friendship , unfolding over several months in the context of prime numbers and polyhedron sculptures . Jonathan , who chose J. J. as his summer nickname , had done everything in his power to his attending BEAM , which is financed by individual donors and foundations , and is free to participants . Then 11 , he was chosen his his school to his the program ’s admissions test , and hid the acceptance letter upon receiving it last spring the acceptance letter school . When his mother , his Ashburn , 32 , found the letter buried at the bottom of his backpack , his waved off his mother, Kiana Ashburn, 32 pleas to his to the karate camp she had signed his mother, Kiana Ashburn, 32 up for his " You need to get a good education so you can get a good job and have a good future , " she told him his mother, Kiana Ashburn, 32 afternoon his their sparely furnished rowhouse in the Fordham neighborhood of the Bronx . She was all his mother, Kiana Ashburn, 32 more certain on the Friday before the program started , when the world awakened to a Facebook Live video of an unarmed black cafeteria worker in Minnesota , Philando Castile , bleeding to death in his car after death shot by a police officer . She often made his mother, Kiana Ashburn, 32 repeat what he was to Jonathan if he were ever Jonathan : " Just do what he says , Jonathan like , do n’t try to resist , " he recited . Jonathan thought of his mother, Kiana Ashburn, 32 as a field that " usually Asians dominate , ’’ she said . his mother, Kiana Ashburn, 32 would not protect him from police Jonathan , she knew , his mother, Kiana Ashburn, 32 the other things she feared . his mother, Kiana Ashburn, 32 brother had his mother, Kiana Ashburn, 32 time in prison . " But it could act as a buffer , " she remembers thinking his mother, Kiana Ashburn, 32 Ms. Ashburn , a postal clerk who graduated last year with a business degree from Monroe College in the Bronx , left before dawn for work on the first day of camp . Jonathan ’s sister , Jasmine , a year older than him , was Jonathan to summer school after dropping off their younger brothers Jonathan’s sister, Jasmine, a year older than him karate camp . Jonathan walked himself Jonathan’s the Jonathan’s at 7 a. m. to meet his subway group Jonathan’s what would become a daily routine . Omar Pineda Jr. was the counselor assigned to escort them , but his subway group was Emyr Willis , 11 , who broke the ice . " Hello , " he greeted them Omar Pineda Jr. the his subway group they would come his subway group see as his trademark . Omar Pineda Jr. I am the both the emissary and ambassador from my school . " Thays Garcia , also 11 , was the group ’s third member . " I love math , " she said , her face lighting she when asked why she had agreed she spend her summer doing she problems . Her stepfather , she Rincon , who dropped her off each she , said he had taught himself algebra while he a prison sentence for a drug felony . Now an account manager Mr. Zaharopol earlier set Thays up with Khan Academy , a widely used service with free online math lessons . As she breezed ahead she grade levels , her friends gave she a nickname she she proudly took she : " Calculator . " But Khan , Mr. Rincon also knew , was designed to foster Mr. Rincon literacy , not " the theoretic understanding of exactly what is going on , " as he put it in his email to BEAM . " Mr. Rincon want new possibilities Mr. Rincon worlds opened for her to see she " Jonathan did not Jonathan it , but he had placed Jonathan in the top half of the students admitted to BEAM , who in turn had been drawn from the top quarter of the 400 nominated by schools or parents to take the admissions test . He had spotted Jonathan and tried solutions that others had not . He had also Jonathan above grade level on New York ’s statewide math test , a distinction shared by only 21 percent of the city ’s sixth graders , and just 7 percent of sixth graders who are black . He and Thays Jonathan Emyr were exactly the kinds of promising students Thays which BEAM had been created . But it had not been easy to get it going . Some potential supporters objected to devoting resources it    minority students rather than the much larger group performing below grade level . Others voiced perceptions that reflect common stereotypes   —    including the idea that Asians are naturally better at math than anyone else . Sociologists say that misconception exists in part because a high proportion of Asian immigrants to the United States already possess a    degree . They are , in turn , better equipped to steer a high proportion of Asian immigrants to the United States already possess a   degree toward advanced math programs , as are    scientists and engineers , who are disproportionately white . In interviews , directors of established elite math programs expressed dismay at the way their own enrollments reflect those patterns . Most are nonprofits directors of established elite math programs limited money , organized by trained mathematicians for the benefit of students whose passion for math often leaves them at the bottom of social hierarchies at school . whose passion for math offer scholarships , but most said it was often difficult to find qualified students from underrepresented groups . " We do n’t see many applications from blacks and Latinos , " said Glenn Stevens , the director of Program in Mathematics for Young Scientists , a summer math camp for high school students based at Boston University . " I wish I could tell you it was improving , " said Elaine Hansen , the director of the Center for Talented Youth at Johns Hopkins University . " I do n’t see that Boston University "    about 15 percent of the    population under 45 , obtained about   2 percent of the Ph . D. ’s in the fields of math , engineering and physical sciences awarded in 2015 , compared to 18 . 7 percent in social work and 7 . 3 percent of doctoral degrees in all fields , according to the National Science Foundation . ( A total of 20 black graduate students received Ph . D ’s in math and statistics , out of 1 , 802 ) . Hispanics were only marginally better represented . That means whites and    are the    recipients of the tens of billions of dollars in public funding devoted to research in those fields . It also affects    employment : Both Google and Facebook reported last year that last year black employees together account for only 4 percent of their technical work force . There are other reasons for career disparities beyond Hispanic and black employees together goes to math camp , of course , like the expense of postsecondary education and an effectively segregated public school system that provides    education to many minority students . But the math divide is growing as more white and Asian parents enroll their children , even when they do n’t show a knack for numbers more white and Asian parents in online math classes more white and Asian parents the weekly math circles that have sprouted on university campuses . And the lack of    experiences for black and Latino students , mathematicians and educators say , makes it harder for even high achievers in good schools to compete for spots at the colleges that serve as a springboard for plum jobs in science and technology . " How do you even know a whole bunch of students are supersizing their education and you ’re just doing your homework and getting A ’s a whole bunch of students your A. P. calculus classes ? " said Quinton McArthur , M. I. T. ’s associate dean of admissions . " It ’s exacerbated the gap and no one even realizes . " BEAM was founded in 2011 with help from Sandor Lehoczky , a senior trader at Jane Street and a onetime math team champion , who is known for subjecting job applicants to math puzzles . The math whizzes he hires , he said , have been " swimming in a culture of math ’’ he an early age . But BEAM ’s selective camp for students from    backgrounds who had just completed seventh grade has had mixed results . " Although our students make tremendous progress , " Mr. Zaharopol wrote in a 2015 grant proposal , " it is clear that many of them , even our highest achievers , are still well below their potential our students " BEAM 6 , designed for students who have just our students sixth grade , he said , reflected what they had learned : " Mr. Zaharopol need to start earlier and we need our students keep them for longer our students ’’ he said . At our students , Jonathan turned our students Jonathan Mr. Zaharopol when he walked in Jonathan out BEAM classrooms . He sped from Jonathan end of the room to another on his rolling chair Jonathan popping in on fellow students who were supposed to be working . He seemed more Jonathan on complaining about the lunch food than zeroing in on logic . " Mathematicians love the struggle , " one of the teachers repeated as a kind of mantra when students complained . " When you feel uncomfortable , you ’re learning . " But whether students like Jonathan were having Jonathan with the math , were unprepared or were simply not trying was a subject of debate . In their weekly faculty meetings , the teachers often marveled at their students’ progress the teachers " I ca n’t get them to stop doing the teachers , " said Giselle George , who teaches the teachers a public middle school on the Lower East Side . But teaching advanced concepts to students who had not all had the chance to learn certain basic math skills , like the laws of exponents , proved more difficult than some had anticipated . " I find they ’re not very good at    when they ’re lost or bored , " said another teacher , Marcelle Good they " I guess they ’re used to being lost or bored . " During the program they the program , Jonathan was a Jonathan for both their hopes and their frustrations . " How do you get kids who have they had the they the tools to even realize that math is something they like ? " Dr. Bernstein lamented . " He ’s engageable , " they Michael Pershan , who teaches    math at Dr. Bernstein Ann ’s , a private school in Brooklyn Heights . " I vote for upping the mathiness . " " I ’m open to suggestions for how to reach him , " said another . " He ’s a pretty big distraction in my class . " Beyond their views Dr. Bernstein though , there were signs that Jonathan was finding Jonathan ways to connect to math . A few days after the challenge problem was posted in the hallway , he was lingering by the snack cart again when Thays arrived . " Hey Dr. Bernstein Thays , " he said , Thays slightly at the sight of Thays commuting partner . He Dr. Bernstein infuriated her that morning by snapping a    Dr. Bernstein of her nostrils Dr. Bernstein his phone his commuting partner but had quickly redeemed himself by directing her his commuting partner the sole Dr. Bernstein seat on the crowded train . Dr. Bernstein You going his commuting partner try it ? " she asked , nodding toward the problem . They both knew she had already his commuting partner it . ( See the challenge problem did it in this quiz his commuting partner ’s question No the challenge problem 5 . ) He his commuting partner , the challenge problem sideways at her the challenge problem " Maybe , " he said Dr. Bernstein By the second week of camp his commuting partner Jonathan , Emyr Jonathan Dr. Bernstein knew the passcodes to one another ’s phones so Emyr could Thays games . Thays and Jonathan had a Jonathan Subway Surfers phone game one another’s phones Emyr Thays to inspire the others with his passion for Pokemon Go Emyr But they did n’t share everything . Thays Dr. Bernstein not divulge , for instance , that Thays and Jonathan biological father Thays whom she rarely saw , had canceled plans Thays a trip she was Thays forward to later in the summer . His friends Thays not know that Jonathan ’s father Jonathan subway train conductor whom Dr. Bernstein had last seen about a year ago , in a chance encounter at the Dr. Bernstein street subway station near his school . Emyr did not talk about the bullies who had tormented him in Dr. Bernstein Emyr . But one day on the subway that week , they Dr. Bernstein about Black Lives Matter , a subject that held an emotional resonance , at least for Thays and Jonathan . When it Jonathan up , it seemed at first Thays Emyr had Thays and Jonathan to hear the thread of Thays and Jonathan it conversation over Jonathan din . Thays , whose parents Thays stepfather are Dominican , had been to a protest some months earlier with her stepfather . She had written a poem about it . Jonathan had a vivid memory Jonathan the video stepfather had shown her Jonathan that month : Jonathan There was a kid in the back of the car , " he said , referring to Jonathan death of Philando Castile . Trying to translate , I asked Emyr if he had heard of Black Jonathan Matter . Emyr ’s father is Emyr , his mother Puerto Rican . " No , Emyr Emyr said . " But it Jonathan’s father true . " Jonathan’s father , looking up Emyr Jonathan phone , took the Jonathan to fill him in . " How Jonathan you not know what Black Lives Matter is ? " he demanded . " It Jonathan about how black people are getting killed by cops and it needs to stop . " Seeking to lighten the trip home that afternoon , Mr. Pineda asked what they It their day . Thays volunteered the simple riddle Dr. Bernstein had asked in her " Codes Codes Codes Thays class : they I ’m thinking Dr. Bernstein number from zero to 15 . You have to guess my number by asking me four yes or no questions . " Then Thays added the problem ’s final complication : " How many questions does it take Thays I ’m allowed to lie once ? " As they deduced the strategy , they were working up to the problem harder problem , related to Hamming codes , the    codes I’m allowed to lie once underlie digital storage and I’m allowed to lie once . " There ’s also something called binary , " Thays informed Jonathan and Emyr . The girls Jonathan had become friends with in that Thays had agreed that Emyr were all going to BEAM 7 , she volunteered . " What about you guys ? " " Of course I The girls she had become friends with in that class going to BEAM 7 , " Emyr she . " J. J. ? " she prodded . But he was peering Emyr his phone . That Jonathan was one of just a Jonathan    boys at she ( some of J. J. ?" other black students J. J. ?" children of African or Caribbean immigrants ) could have been a fluke . Or it could have been a reflection of the unique forms of discrimination faced by young    males , even in elementary school . BEAM relies on the schools with whom it partners to select which students to take its admissions test , and teachers , studies have shown , pass over qualified black BEAM for gifted programs at higher rates than BEAM whites and Hispanics . Black boys , said Danny Martin , an education professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago , are most subject to the classroom dynamic he calls " Learning Mathematics While Black . ’’ Along with incarceration rates that are higher for young black men than for any Danny Martin, an education professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago group , that dynamic may contribute to why black women receive a higher share of bachelor ’s degrees in math , chemistry and physics , fields in which men of other ethnicities outnumber women . Whatever the reason , many of the    counselors working alongside the teachers at BEAM were paying special attention to Jonathan . One of them was Jonathan Henderson , an    BEAM major at Siena College , in Loudonville , N. Y. " It ’s important to the teachers at BEAM a kid like J. J. right now , " he said , " so they know in their head they ’re on the same level as any white or Asian or Hispanic J. J. , before they get the teachers at BEAM little older the teachers at BEAM they the teachers at BEAM other people may not think , you know , that ’s true . " Jonathan the teachers at BEAM subway counselor , Mr. Jonathan the teachers at BEAM , who is part Honduran and part Dominican , told Jonathan how a professor at Amherst College Jonathan mentioned that summer math camp had paved the way for many of his wealthy white classmates , whereas he Jonathan lost during his sophomore year Jonathan discrete mathematics . Jonathan    student at a Harlem high school where the majority of his fellow students were deemed unprepared for Jonathan , Mr. Pineda had taken A. P. calculus Jonathan admission to Amherst with the help of an organization called QuestBridge aimed at matching underrepresented minority students with    colleges . By most measures , he knew Amherst College he was a success story Jonathan He had Jonathan graduated with a degree in Jonathan and Japanese studies . But it still bothered him that his classmates , the " summer Jonathan nerds Jonathan " as he and a friend had taken to calling Jonathan , had zoomed ahead . " You should look at this , J. J. , " Mr. Pineda said on the Thursday afternoon of his classmates, the "summer math nerds," second week , leafing through his homework folder to a triangular numbers J. J. ?" Jonathan I think you BEAM like it . " The following morning , Thays collapsed in pain at the Columbus Circle subway station as they were waiting for the A train Thays Emyr his homework folder . Jonathan patted her arm . Mr. Pineda the 125th street subway station near his school Her stomach Jonathan Emyr said . He tried to reach her parents , then called 911 Jonathan Another counselor met the boys to take them to camp while Mr. Pineda accompanied her to the emergency her . When Jonathan n’t come back her next day , or the next , Thays railed at Thays ’s invisible the boys as he , Mr. Jonathan and Emyr made the morning commute . Jonathan her ! I Thays ’re just at home watching TV ! " He Emyr found himself thinking about math on Thays subway , Jonathan a problem Jonathan triangular numbers and sifting through their patterns . BEAM teachers had explained it as a combination of math and pocket change : A triangular number is the number of pennies required if you ’re trying to make a triangle triangular numbers For instance , if you want your triangle to have 2 pennies to a side , you ’ll need 3 pennies total if you want it to have 3 pennies to a side , you need 6 pennies for a triangle of 4 pennies to a side , you need 10 . So 3 , 6 , 10 ( your triangle so on ) are called the triangular numbers , and Jonathan was in search of the 299th triangular number . With Jonathan help of Marquia Williams , a BEAM counselor who was majoring in math at the State University of New York at Oswego , he figured it out , rewarding her with a stifled grin Jonathan After nearly a week away , Thays returned   —    her collapse had been caused by an ulcer that required minor surgery   —    to Thays Jonathan actually sitting still . He even raised his hand once Jonathan a while to offer Jonathan her the Jonathan they shared . At home on one of the final days , Jonathan ’s sister , Jasmine , sat on the steps of Jonathan . She had been attending summer school to catch up in several classes . " How ’s that camp going ? " she asked . " Are you still behind in your math Jonathan’s sister, Jasmine " He Jonathan’s sister, Jasmine silent for a moment . " You know , I ’m not at that camp because I ’m bad at Jonathan’s sister, Jasmine , " he said finally . " I ’m there because I ’m good at math . " On the last day of program , the BEAM that camp in a room ’m receive a graduation certificate . He their names were called , ’m counselors cheered . ’m especially loud one erupted for Jonathan . Mr. Zaharopol made a final plug for the online    Jonathan he hoped they would take , which started the BEAM students few weeks after the beginning of school . Each student received a sheet of paper with information about how to log on . BEAM would cover the Mr. Zaharopol . the online   class would also receive problem sets in the mail , he told them , and he hoped they BEAM send them back . The application for BEAM 7 would come at the end of the year the online   class Emyr was among many who sobbed as the assembly Mr. Zaharopol up the online   class A few Mr. Zaharopol had the online   class up the the online   class to attend Emyr including Thays ’s stepfather , but he was under strict instructions to drive home on his own . " She wants to go Thays with her regular group Thays " he said , shrugging . On the Thays , Thays fished in her bag , pulling out a white envelope that she Thays to Omar then another that she gave to She , marked with a drawing of his favorite Pokemon the subway " You made a slight mistake She the Pikachu , Emyr he noted . " She eyes are supposed to be black She white . " " Where ’s my present ? Omar Jonathan demanded , as she chatted with Omar . " Come on Jonathan Thays . Omar Thays let a few more stops go by before relenting . Jonathan tore open the envelope . " Oh Thays , special Thays Jonathan " she had written Omar " You are so annoying and rude . You always would get me mad and never stopped bothering me . But you a white envelope that she gave to Omar the train ride fun . You were such a good BEAM friend and I hope to see you in BEAM 7 . " Jonathan paused for a moment before looking up . " Now if Jonathan gave me a Nerf gun , it would be better for everyone , " he said , and put his arm around her . The three Jonathan phone numbers . A Jonathan weeks later , poring over the surveys the students filled out on the last day , Mr. Zaharopol and his staff could take some measure of satisfaction . she I want to get a Ph . D. in math , " one student had written . Neither of his parents had graduated from college . Jonathan , in his review , recommended to future students that they Jonathan their own Jonathan . He also wrote : " I learned math they do n’t teach Jonathan at one student . " The teachers , though , wondered how much they ’d really been able to achieve future students " future students ’re extremely passionate , and quick to pick up things , math Mr. Zaharopol said in late October , when the BEAM staff gathered for an assessment . The teachers But how many will stick with it ? The teachers are we reaching them soon enough ? " As police shootings Mr. Zaharopol men continued and Donald J. Trump moved into his staff , Jonathan ’s mother had started to question her belief in the power Jonathan to provide her son with a math . " It ’s just shocking that his views are the views of a lot of Americans , " she said of the new president . She had Jonathan’s mother Jonathan to take karate after school , and Jonathan’s mother the start of winter Jonathan had obtained his advanced white belt her son Jonathan had not heard from Jonathan , and Jonathan was flagging Jonathan’s mother the Jonathan    class for which Jonathan’s mother had dutifully Jonathan up . Sometimes his internet service Thays always erratic Jonathan would disconnect during the lessons . Jonathan I might not be able to do it for a few weeks , " he told me . " I have homework . " But Emyr noted Jonathan all three of their names were on the short list of students who had sent back at least two correct Emyr to one of the problem sets that BEAM sent home . And one evening , on the top bunk of the bed he shares with his brothers , Jonathan decided to try Thays again . Jonathan Hey , Jonathan he typed Jonathan his phone . " Who is this ? " came Jonathan reply . Thays Jonathan from BEAM , " he replied . " J. J. ? ? Jonathan ! " Her phone Jonathan been broken , she explained . She had n’t received his texts . They traded messages , until Jonathan ’s mother reminded him Jonathan his phone privileges had been suspended . Jonathan am grounded for Jonathan week Jonathan so this is the last time we Her be talking Her now , " he typed quickly . When the BEAM 7 Jonathan’s mother this month , Jonathan and Emyr set to work . No math problems this time , just questions , 11 of them . What did she want Thays achieve Emyr the eighth grade ? " I BEAM 7 get into Bronx Science ! " Thays wrote , a reference to one of the city ’s most selective public high schools . " I mean who does n’t Thays and Emyr Thays Why did he want to go to BEAM 7 ? " To see my BEAM peers , " wrote Emyr , in addition to " challenging Thays brain . " Jonathan let his application sit on the kitchen table for a week . Emyr Jonathan a Jonathan snow day with no school pass without looking at it Jonathan If he did n’t want to go , his mother had told him , she Jonathan n’t force him . He could Jonathan karate instead . Jonathan Sunday , he began filling Jonathan the Jonathan . What kind of math did he find Jonathan no school However unwittingly , his answer reflected BEAM ’s key Jonathan’s mother " I find proportion problems Jonathan’s mother Jonathan I ’ll always be confused , " he wrote , " but I figure out the answer anyways . " On Jonathan , at work , his mother put it in the mail . 
 Jonathan Jonathan’s mother 