WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    President Donald Trump wrapped up infrastructure week at the Department of Transportation on Friday , highlighting President Donald Trump moves to reform what the White House called a " burdensome regulatory system that has left American infrastructure crumbling . " [ President Donald Trump began President Donald Trump visit with a roundtable where state DOT heads described the hindrances that the current permitting process impose on the current permitting process infrastructure projects . The heads of state Departments of Transportation , U. S. Department of Transportation leaders , and White House senior officials participated in the discussion along with hosts Transportation Sec . Elaine Chao and Interior Sec . Ryan Zinke .   From the DOT atrium , Trump spoke to members of Congress , representatives of the transportation community , heads of state Departments of Transportation , and U. S. Department of Transportation staff . Trump spoke of Thursday ’s infrastructure summit at the White House which involved Secs . Chao and Zinke . Chao and Zinke met with " state and local leaders to develop plans to replace America ’s decaying infrastructure and to construct new roads , rails , pipelines , tunnels , and bridges all across our nation . " The President continued : We are here today to focus on solving one of the biggest obstacles to creating this new and    infrastructure   —    and that is the painfully slow , costly and    process for getting permits and approvals to build . And I also knew that from the private sector . It is a long , slow , unnecessarily burdensome process . My Administration is committed to ending these terrible delays once and for all .   The excruciating wait time for permitting has inflicted enormous financial pain on cities and states all throughout our nation   —    and has blocked many important projects from ever getting off the ground . Trump added that the Dakota Access Pipeline was " dead 120 days ago and now the Dakota Access Pipeline officially just opened for business . " Trump also noted excitement at the labor union representatives from the North American Building Trades Union and the Laborers International Union of North America that were present for the event . " You will play a central role in rebuilding North America , " said Trump .    Trump gave examples of how belabored the process to building infrastructure has gotten : It took only 4 years to build the Golden Gate Bridge and 5 years to build the Hoover Dam and less than one year to build the Empire State Building , people do n’t believe that , took less than one year   —    but today it can take 10 years and far more than that just to get the approvals and permits needed to build a major infrastructure project . These charts beside me are actually a simplified version of our highway permitting process . These charts beside me includes 16 different approvals involving 10 different federal agencies being governed by 26 different statutes . Trump them spoke of a conversation that happened just    prior , with a gentleman from Maryland and a project for an    road . " them spent $ 29 million dollars for an environmental report weighing 70 pounds and costing $ 24 , 000 per page , " said Trump who then moved to the side and showed the massive binders containing an environmental report weighing 70 pounds and costing $24, 000 per page . Trump continued : Why should we continue to accept what is so clearly unacceptable ? Often times for consultants that are making a fortune because you ca n’t do anything without hiring them anything paying them anything tremendous amount of money . Having them anything up this nonsense . You ca n’t get approvals . " I was not elected to continue a failed system   —    I was elected to change it , " said Trump . Trump assured stated and local leaders , " help is finally , after many , many decades , on its way , " pledging to give control , " back to the cities and the states . " Trump remarked that these governing bodies know best how to plan their these governing bodies , analyze their these governing bodies know best how to plan their communities and protect their these governing bodies know best how to plan their communities environment . Trump then announced a " new Council to help project managers navigate the bureaucratic maze . " The a "new Council create a new online dashboard to track major projects through the approval process and will " make sure that every federal agency that is consistently delaying projects by missing deadlines will face tough new penalties . " The Administration is also forming a new office within the Council of Environmental Quality . Trump announced that this office a new office within the Council of Environmental Quality to " root out inefficiency , clarify lines of authority , and streamline federal and state , local procedures so that communities can modernize their aging infrastructure communities fear of outdated federal rules getting in the way . "    President Trump said Trump permit reform is so important , but " only the first step in renewing America ’s roads , rails , runways , and rivers . " He referred to his Trump comments in Trump , Ohio , speaking of his " new vision Trump American infrastructure will generate $ 1 trillion dollars in infrastructure investment . " " State and local leaders will have more power to decide which projects get built , when they start and how State and local leaders are funded , State and local leaders said Trump . " And investors will have a much more predictable environment that encourages them to invest billions investors dollars in capital that is currently stuck on the sidelines . Together we will build projects to inspire our youth , employ we workers and create we prosperity for our people . " Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 