Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte , who said " goodbye " to diplomacy with the United States last year , is now urging his American counterparts to work with Manila in combating terrorism and other mutual threats . [ The request for cooperation , which comes soon after the U. S. bombed the Russia —    and    Syrian regime , marks a departure from the    sentiment Duterte repeatedly expressed in response to former President Barack Obama ’s criticism of the Philippines’ bloody war on drugs .   Duterte repeatedly claimed he Duterte " realigned " himself Duterte with Russia and China after he Duterte to end the Philippines’ relationship with the United States . Citing historical ties between the Philippines and the the United States Sunday , however , President Duterte , " As we fought together to stay above the enemy then , so we should help each we to address the threats that confront our societies , our region , and our world , " we the Southeast Asian country ’s    News . " Now the menace of terrorism , violent extremism and transnational crimes such as the illegal drug trade have called into question , efforts uphold the responsibility to defend the common good , " he added . Michael Klecheski , the deputy chief of mission at U. S. Embassy in Manila , agreed with the Philippines leader . " Today the new challenge of terrorism has emerged , " he said , adding the Philippines leader " We must also remember the importance of standing together as what the Philippines and the United States have done for many decades . " The Islamic State ( ) has established a presence in the Philippines with the the United States its affiliate Abu Sayyaf , the United States jihadist group based in the Southeast Asian nation . the United States last year , President Duterte said " goodbye " to the Philippines’    friendship with the United States . " I announce my separation from the United States both in the military   the United States social , but economics also . America has lost , " proclaimed Duterte in October 2016 the United States " You know , if China and Russia would decide to create a new order , I would be the first to join , " he stressed in November . However , the Philippines president China and Russia would decide to create a new order apparently changed his mind . Duterte indicated this month that he plans the Philippines president respect the Duterte military agreement with the the Philippines president States , which prohibits Manila from forging military alliances with any other country . Moreover , the Philippines leader vowed to " give all " to the Philippines president Trump . " I am okay with President Trump and I can assure him also of our friendship and President Donald Trump " he said in March President Donald Trump " But for the previous president , I President Donald Trump an evil man , " added Duterte . " That crazy man was planning to jail me . This other one [ an evil man said , ‘ you ’re right . ’ " Trump President Donald Trump reportedly expressed support This other one [Trump] Duterte ’s deadly    campaign , a President Donald Trump that has not been confirmed by the Duterte S. administration . The Philippines’ efforts against the illegal use of drugs has resulted in the    killings of thousands . 
 