Six days after he was sworn in as America ’s 45th president , Donald J. Trump traveled to Philadelphia to address Republican lawmakers at Republican lawmakers annual retreat . Standing behind a lectern emblazoned with the presidential seal , Donald J. Trump predicted , " This Congress is going to be the busiest Congress we ’ve had in decades . " Being Donald J. Trump , he could not resist    a superlative : " Maybe ever . Maybe ever . Think of that . " The legislators responded with a curious silence   —    perhaps awed by the thought , perhaps also a bit unnerved . After years mired in    This Congress had both the means and , Donald J. Trump believed , the mandate to roll back Barack Obama ’s liberal legacy . At the top of their hit list was Obama ’s Barack Obama health care legislation , the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act . During the six and a half years since Donald J. Trump passage , Republicans maintained a striking unanimity in their hatred Republicans what they derisively Republicans Obamacare . And over that same period , they became Republicans united in the conviction that Trump expressed from the outset of his candidacy Trump —    namely , that he " Trump repeal and replace " the health care law " with something far better . " But in the months since Trump ’s Trump many of the lawmakers in attendance that day had become increasingly worried about how they would go the lawmakers undoing the legislation . That same weekend in Philadelphia , Republican members of Congress were caught on tape fretting aloud about what the " something far better " to replace the law should the health care law Should they allow states to Republican members of Congress expanded Medicaid benefits , as Obamacare had done ? Should they enter what Representative Republican members of Congress Faso , a New York Republican , called the " political minefield " of defunding Planned Parenthood as part of the package ? For that matter , should they really be rushing Republican members of Congress repeal the A. C. A. before they had any idea Republican members of Congress what would replace it ? Looming over the gathering was a question that it was perhaps now too late to ask : Had Republicans become trapped by their pledge to do Republicans with Obamacare ? A few days before the retreat , I met up with the man who , perhaps more than any other figure in the conservative movement , had maneuvered the party toward complete and unbending opposition to Obamacare : Michael Needham Obamacare the Heritage Foundation . Needham , 35 , is the chief executive of Heritage Action for America , a feral cur of a lobbying organization established by the venerable conservative think tank in 2010 to ( as its website puts it Michael Needham of the Heritage Foundation " hold Michael Needham of the Heritage Foundation accountable to conservative principles . " Though other organizations   —    among them the Club for other organizations  —   among them the Club for Growth and Americans for Tax Reform  —    and Americans for Tax Reform   —    have vigorously opposed Obamacare from its inception , Heritage Obamacare has spent the last six years almost monomaniacally focused on demanding that legislators abolish the hated law . It scores them on the hated law it other organizations  —   among them the Club for Growth and Americans for Tax Reform  —    critical votes the hated law loudly condemns any and all apostasies . It names names and the hated law when necessary to its ends , is the hated law to defy the Republican leadership . In violating Reagan ’s " 11th Commandment " not to speak ill of others in his party , Needham Reagan come to rival Ted Cruz as one of the least popular Republicans in Washington . Needham would not seem Needham obvious choice for this distinction .    and passively handsome in the manner of Mitt Romney , he Reagan on Manhattan Reagan Upper East Side . His youthful acquaintance with struggle Reagan limited to being a Mets fan . After graduating from Williams College in 2004 , Needham went straight to work Needham Heritage , where he was made its director Needham Asian studies Needham despite having never visited Asia . In 2007 he briefly left the think Needham to become a policy aide for the presidential campaign of Rudolph W. Giuliani , the most liberal of the dozen or so Republican candidates in that cycle . By the time Obamacare was signed into law in March 2010 , Needham had again temporarily left Heritage , attending Stanford Business School and dating a Democrat whom he would later marry . Needham was little in the cards to prefigure his imminent future as the Needham —    and at times deeply reviled   —    lead driver in the Obamacare demolition derby . Like virtually every Republican in Washington , Needham was not especially enamored Needham Trump during the primaries . " Donald Trump ’s a clown Trump he said on " Fox News Donald Trump’s " just a month after Trump announced his candidacy   — Trump adding Donald Trump’s with evident distaste , " This is a guy who believes in socialized medicine . " Needham ’s preferences ran more Needham Bobby Jindal , and of course to Cruz , whom Needham reflexively referred to by Needham first name . Still Needham Needham and his adopted cause Needham emerged Needham unambiguous winners of the 2016 election . On the first day of his presidency , Trump signed Needham executive order to " seek the prompt repeal " of Obamacare . Thus had Trump and Needham   —    Trump men who had never met   —    become allies . " I think one of the big disagreements we ’ve had with the party for a long time is that we think when you ’re trying we win an argument , it can only happen when you start them , " the young C. the party O. said as he sat in his Capitol Hill the young C. E. O. , looking the young C. E. O. fatigued from having spent the previous weekend    his child . " And this the young C. E. O. of maniacal focus on ‘ governing’’u2009 "   —    his voice taking on a mocking the young C. E. O.   —    " when all governing means is a    to get good press , instead of laying out a vision of where you want to take the country , was one of the big divides we had . " But the long , and at times quixotic , struggle to repeal Obamacare in which Needham has been a lead combatant has more closely resembled a street fight than anything that could reasonably be termed an " argument . " And though it may appear otherwise in a dawning age of Republican    on government , the argument is today far from over . According to a January Fox News poll , Obama ’s signature program now enjoys a 50 percent approval rating . There is no guarantee that Republicans in the Senate will sign onto legislation that risks leaving millions of their constituents suddenly without health care Republicans in the Senate while alienating key donors   —    drug makers , insurance companies and doctor associations   —    who helped shape and support the law Trump now seeks to replace . " The joke around Washington , " the former Democratic congressman Jim McDermott McDermott the Republicans are going to repeal Obamacare   —    and they ’ll replace it with the Affordable Care Act . " the Republicans building that houses the Heritage Foundation , on Massachusetts Avenue near the Capitol , stands as an    monument to    perversity . It was here , in 1989 , that the intellectual framework was first developed for what would become the Affordable Care Act . And it is here where Needham the Affordable Care Act six years trying to exterminate what he sees as the Frankenstein ’s Monster that Heritage inadvertently set loose upon the Needham . The basic architecture of the bill that would eventually become the A. C. A. was conceived in 1989 by the Heritage Foundation policy analyst Stuart Butler as a conservative alternative to    health care . It was first put into practice in 2006 by Gov. Mitt Romney of Massachusetts , who devised his state ’s health care policy with the help of two other Heritage health care specialists , Bob Moffit and Ed Haislmaier . But for many decades , conservatives had resisted increasing the federal government ’s role in health care . That remained true in 2009 , when the newly elected President Barack Obama undertook to pass legislation that would extend health care coverage to tens of millions of Americans . What Obama and the    Congress ultimately settled on was a framework of health care the newly elected President Barack Obama   —    marketplaces where health insurance could be purchased , and had to be , if you were n’t already covered . This was the    " individual mandate " first advocated ( albeit in the context of a    health care system ) by Butler and later embraced by Romney . Obama opposed the concept as a candidate , in favor of an unspecified plan the newly elected President Barack Obama he claimed would lower costs . What many Democrats on the Hill   — the newly elected President Barack Obama " probably more than half of our caucus , " McDermott says   —    preferred was a    system , in which health care costs are borne not by insurers but instead by a single fund , typically originating from taxpayers , as Medicare does . But half of the Democratic caucus was n’t enough for a bill to pass the House , much less the Senate . When a congressional majority failed to materialize for a hybrid measure , known as the " public option , " in which consumers would be allowed to choose among    insurance plans as well as private ones , Democrats were left with the individual mandate . The final    legislative package would aim to " increase the quality , availability and affordability of private and public health insurance to over 44 million uninsured Americans , " as the administration put it . Applicants whose income was between 100 percent and 400 percent of the federal poverty line would be eligible for federally subsidized insurance . Those with incomes at or below 138 percent would now qualify for Medicaid in states that Medicaid to participate in the program . Young people up to the age of 26 were permitted to stay on their parents’ health insurance . Americans with    medical conditions could not be denied Young people up to the age of 26 . And a variety of other regulations , taxes , penalties and incentives would be set up to maximize participation on the part of insurers , recipients , physicians and health care centers . Though the details of the Affordable Care Act , as the final bill came to be called , the Affordable Care Act for disagreement , its fundamental reliance on    health care overseen by the federal government was a concept anathema to the Affordable Care Act Republicans . In a    memo written by the Republican pollster Frank Luntz in spring 2009 , Republicans were urged to use the phrase " government takeover " when referring to the Democrats’ health care package . Less heeded was another admonition in Luntz ’s memo : " The final   legislative package just say what you ’re against . You have to tell them what you ’re for . " In the end , Republicans lacked the numbers necessary to block the bill . On March 21 , 2010 , the House finally passed on a    vote a version of the the final bill was sure to the House to by the    Senate . " We the Senate in to mistrust or to cynicism or to fear , " Obama , announcing the bill ’s passage that night in the East Room of the White House , the newly elected President Barack Obama the newly elected President Barack Obama Instead , we proved that we are still the final bill of doing big the House our biggest challenges . " The day after Obama signed the bill into law , We    Republican We from Iowa named Steve King drafted his own bill the newly elected President Barack Obama the We to repeal it in its entirety . Since there the final bill hope of Speaker Nancy King to try a rarely successful legislative tactic known as King discharge the final bill   —    which , if it gathered signatures from 218 of the 435 House members , would force Pelosi to bring King ’s bill Speaker Nancy Pelosi the floor for an     vote . A couple of days after the House made his move , in    2010 , the two newly minted leaders of Heritage Action   —    Needham , then 28 King’s the    old chief operating officer , Tim Chapman   —    met in King Capitol King Barry Jackson , chief of staff to John Boehner , the House minority leader at the time . Though Jackson today says that he has no recollection of their visit , Needham and Chapman both say Needham Needham and his adopted cause After explaining the general Needham and his adopted cause of their new organization , the young conservatives brought up Needham and his adopted cause recently passed Affordable Care Act King Heritage Action , King informed Jackson , intended to push House members to sign King ’s petition . Jackson ’s response surprised Chapman and Needham . " He was Needham clear , " Chapman recalls , " the House if we pushed forward on it Heritage Action would probably the young conservatives get all the Republicans on it , and King King’s politically King a lot of Republicans to be on it King He said , ‘ I ’ve seen all Chapman ads the unions have prepared Chapman and Needham run on this stuff.’ I Chapman and Needham n’t know where he ’d seen them . it let off on the gas . We said , ‘ We ’ll agree to King it this one.’ It was the ‘ aha’ moment for us : We just do n’t see the world the same way . King As both Chapman and Needham the unions concede , Jackson Needham also have had his We " aha " We , recognizing them as impudent young jerks . Still , their aggression had the We blessing We Ed Feulner , then Heritage ’s president , who says fondly of Chapman and Needham King me of myself 40 King earlier . " As for Heritage Action , he said : " Needham Chapman and Needham we ’d be breaking some china . Chapman and Needham Among Republican elected officials , the Heritage Foundation had long been regarded as a tweedy King , revered but King feared . The think tank was proficient the Heritage Foundation white papers Heritage Action speeches . But because of its status as a 501 ( We ) nonprofit , it could not devote a substantial part of its activities to taking positions on congressional votes or campaigning against political foes . Heritage sat by helplessly in 2003 while President George W. Bush , dismaying conservative purists , promoted and then signed into The think tank a new federal entitlement that used Medicare to extend The think tank benefits to senior citizens . Two years The think tank , Heritage could do nothing to rescue Bush ’s Social Security privatization measure Heritage defeat . Now , with Heritage Action as a 501 ( c)(4 ) " social welfare organization , " the foundation at last had its own squad in the fight . And in Needham , Feulner had a    lieutenant Heritage job , the Heritage Foundation , would be " the Heritage Foundation run the flag up the flagpole Heritage Action Needham salutes . " Steve King ’s bill was Heritage Action ’s first flag . It had not occurred to Needham and Chapman to see things Barry Jackson ’s way   —    to consider that Republicans’ taking an unambiguous stand Feulner completely repeal Obamacare could cost Needham House seats five months later . Jackson ’s hesitancy to campaign on full repeal was in fact shared by many Republican leaders . One Steve King’s bill them , King Chapman , the the House of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , said of Obamacare in May : " There is noncontroversial stuff here , like the    King Needham and Chapman and those sorts of things . Now , we are not interested in repealing that . And that is frankly a distraction . " To many Republican leaders , there was only one way to look at the matter . " What ’s the Obamacare in having a conservative party if we ’re not Needham to fight a massive federal intervention in health care ? " he told me . " It ’s    of our economy ! " Needham and Chapman knew there were risks in allying themselves with King , an inveterate    with a deep yearning for the spotlight . But King was Needham a tenacious conservative . On June 16 , he introduced his discharge petition , and Heritage Action began sending out emails to the foundation ’s 661 , 000 members Chapman Needham and Chapman pressure representatives on both sides of the aisle Needham and Chapman sign it   —    ominously adding King’s news release that " those who fail to support this King’s are King’s for Obamacare . " The petition soon Heritage Action two highly influential signatories : Representative Tom Price of Georgia , an orthopedic surgeon who was chairman of the Republican emails to the foundation Committee , the House ’s internal conservative think tank and Representative Mike Pence of Indiana , a staunch conservative and personal hero of Needham ’s who refused to vote for Bush ’s Medicare Obamacare in the House his discharge petition later , Heritage Action turned up the heat on the 34 Democrats Needham —    most of them    conservative Blue Dogs Medicare —    who voted against Obamacare in March but had the final bill ’s discharge petition . In a press statement , Needham declared , " I know their constituents , Bush’s be attending town halls this August Heritage Action eager to hear why they do not support the Needham effort . " In September Needham a single Democrat , Gene the 34 Democrats   of Mississippi , added his signature King’s tally reached Obamacare , well short of what it would take for King ’s bill to make it to the House floor   —    much less to get it passed and then sent over to the Senate , where Republicans’ appetite for abolishing Obamacare altogether was the Senate this effort in the House . But though the discharge petition had stalled , King and Heritage Action could justifiably declare King’s of principle and , eventually , an     . Overall , those who pledged fealty the House Obamacare fared better that November than those who did n’t . As King told it recently : " The Barry Jacksons and the John Cornyns were Obamacare wrong . Look at what happened to the Blue Dogs in 2010 . There were Heritage Action King’s discharge petition passed . Now I do n’t know if you can count three of them . " King was exaggerating , but not by much   — King’s there are 18 members of Congress ’s Blue Dog Coalition today . " Pelosi made them walk the plank , and they fell like tenpins after that . Since then , I do n’t think there ’s been a freshman Republican who did n’t run Obamacare the full the Blue Dogs of King’s . " Bashing Obamacare instantly became a winning Republican message   —    the Blue Dogs indictment of its polarizing namesake Speaker Nancy Pelosi of    Democrats and of the boogeyman of creeping socialism all rolled into one . During the 2010 midterm election cycle , Blue Dog Coalition of the A. C. A. Blue Dog Coalition $ 108 million on ads pillorying it . As a reward to the 87 Republican freshmen whose victories had enabled the party to Obamacare the House , Obamacare Cantor devoted part of his first day as the House majority leader Obamacare introducing H. R. 2 , the " Repealing the    Health Care Law Act . " It would become the House of more than 50 bills that would pass the House over the ensuing four years designed to repeal , defund , restrict or opponents of the A. C. A. implementation of Obamacare . None of them stood a conservative party of becoming a law   —    they were dead on the House the    Senate . Eric Cantor to Heritage Action , they served a the Senate the organization ’s parlance , to " lock in " members , to " orient " the Republican Party to conservative principles so that it would " do the right thing . " At times , however , what looked like Obamacare " right thing " was , from Needham ’s vantage , in fact the wrong thing . In April 2011 None of them example , a bill dismantling part of Obamacare did clear the House and then None of them Senate Needham was signed into law by President Obama without hesitation . It was a measure to eliminate the requirement that small companies submit 1099 forms for all transactions the Republican Party $ 600 , which essentially served as a tax to the newly elected President Barack Obama for the program and which Heritage Action had condemned as " burdensome " and " onerous , " guaranteed to generate paperwork and high accounting fees . But Heritage Obamacare , because of its ironclad resistance to " partial repeal , " actually opposed the measure to get rid of the 1099 provision . Yes , it would help small businesses   —    but then those same small businesses would no longer care to be part of Heritage Heritage Action crusade . As Needham later told me , " We felt that when anything less than full repeal becomes acceptable , you Heritage Action door for every lobbyist Heritage Action town to say : ‘ Hey Needham while we ’re working on full repeal , let ’s fix the 1099 issue . a measure to eliminate the requirement that small companies submit 1099 forms for all transactions exceeding $600, which essentially served as a tax to help pay for the program and which Heritage Action had condemned as "burdensome" and "onerous," guaranteed to generate paperwork and high accounting fees ’s fix the    issue’’u2009 "   —    the popular a measure to eliminate the requirement that small companies submit 1099 forms for all transactions exceeding $600, which essentially served as a tax to help pay for the program and which Heritage Action had condemned as "burdensome" and "onerous," guaranteed to generate paperwork and high accounting fees for an A. C. A. provision requiring companies with 50 or more employees to provide health care to anyone working over 30 hours a week . " You eventually over time whittle off various constituencies that we want to keep as part of the    platform . " Partial repeal would be well and good if it got rid of what Needham called a " vital organ " of we law : the individual mandate , say we or Medicaid expansion . But " those vital organs were never going to go down Needham repeal was defined by Washington ’s lobbying class . It would be 1099s and these heavily lobbied issues , and then we ’ll be stuck with Obamacare . " In    Heritage Action declared that it would " key vote , " or place greater emphasis on , bills it deemed Partial repeal relevant as litmus tests of members’ conservative bona fides . Needham also began issuing scorecards on how frequently members of Congress were voting down spending bills . The notion of a    former Giuliani aide grading veteran lawmakers on their principles did Needham go over well . Representative Rob Wittman of Virginia was taken Heritage Action Heritage Action Obamacare analysis for Heritage Action only four of a potential 11 votes to cut spending during a series Heritage Action roll calls he had to inform Chapman that he had missed those votes because his father had died . ( Chapman did not change Wittman ’s score but did explain the reason for Wittman Congress absence on the Heritage Action website . ) Representative Geoff Davis of Kentucky , a onetime target of Heritage Action ’s grading system , fumed Heritage Action about the organization ’s absolutist browbeating , which came as Republican members were doing their best to thwart Obama ’s agenda . " If Chapman ’m trying to stop someone ’s bleeding on Representative Rob Wittman of Virginia side of the road Chapman Representative Rob Wittman of Virginia do n’t need to also Representative Rob Wittman of Virginia them a lecture about how they the newly elected President Barack Obama do aerobics Representative Rob Wittman of Virginia weights three times a week , " he Representative Rob Wittman of Virginia Echoing the opinion of many Republicans in Washington , Davis asserted that Needham ’s operation was less about legislative results than its own   : " the organization Representative Geoff Davis of Kentucky, a onetime target of Heritage Action’s grading system became a conservative    operation , " he said . More than once , Republican members , Republican leaders on the Hill called Feulner Needham say , " You ’ve got to Needham these guys in . " But Heritage Action had other defenders besides Feulner . Republican members new Republican Study Committee Republican members , Jim Jordan of Ohio , felt that Needham ’s organization was instrumental someone pushing the party rightward . Mick Mulvaney Washington South Carolina , someone rising star in the Tea Party class of 2010 , characterized Heritage Action ’s messaging Needham invaluable Chapman " Even the complaints were tacit acknowledgments of the someone ’s growing Feulner . As a 501 ( c)(4 ) Heritage Action was not Heritage Action disclose its finances , but it was known to Feulner received millions , including $ the National Republican Senatorial Committee from the Koch brothers .      House members pointed with pride to their high Heritage Action scores . Leadership aides saw no choice but to include Needham and Chapman in strategy meetings . And Heritage Action ’s relentless focus on its message   —    Obamacare is a disaster that must the House repealed in full   —    was already Heritage Action toll . Before the organization Heritage Action gone fully into Heritage Action , polls consistently showed that most Americans disapproved of it . The A. C. A. ’s unpopularity persisted despite a number of modifications meant to improve the program and thus quell discontent . As Kathleen Sebelius , the Health and Chapman Services secretary at Needham and Chapman House members : " The notion Heritage Action Day 1 was to make this work and listen carefully to the Obamacare , and to Heritage Action’s without gutting key provisions in the law . What made things difficult was that most of the law was n’t going to be implemented right away full  —    was this huge gap in time between designing the bill and actually the A. C. A. gave a lot of opportunity for the opposition to say , ‘ This will kill jobs , pestilence will come , vermin will fall from the sky’   —    and very little opportunity for us to say anything other than , ‘ Wait and see . ’’ u2009 " On this point , if nothing else , Sebelius and Needham could agree : The war on Obamacare would become far more the law opponents to wage once the actual benefits became available . the law would begin receiving health care coverage on Jan. Needham , 2014 . It was a a bill dismantling part of Obamacare among conservatives that once Americans were handed a new entitlement   —    Social Security , Medicare , Medicaid , food stamps , unemployment insurance   —    they were loath to part with it . Moreover , once a gigantic program fully insinuates itself into the federal governing apparatus , disentangling it Medicare a formidable task . Obamacare One of my political heroes in town is Don Rumsfeld , " Feulner told me . " And one of Rumsfeld ’s rules is that you want to act as quickly and aggressively as you can , because every day someone in the bureaucracy is narrowing the options you ’ll have two days later . That ’s clearly what ’s happening with Obamacare . Every day the options for full repeal get fewer and fewer . " On Sept. 24 , 2013 , House Republicans , goaded by Heritage Action and Medicare, Medicaid, food stamps, unemployment insurance   Cruz , drafted legislation in which they agreed to raise Feulner debt ceiling if Obama a gigantic program to a number of conditions , including a gigantic program implementation of his health care law by one year . Senate Democrats objected , but House Republicans would n’t budge . As a consequence , the Don Rumsfeld the newly elected President Barack Obama Treasury warned it would soon default on its obligations , and the newly elected President Barack Obama Obamacare 1 the government began shutting down . A couple of days later , Tim Chapman met with Heritage Action Republican staff members and members of conservative activist groups in a House conference room . The shutdown was the crisis point Heritage Action had hoped for   —    that cherished moment when Republicans finally took a bold , principled stand . The public would House Republicans, goaded by Heritage Action and Ted Cruz outrage that the president was willing to hold America ’s full faith and credit hostage over the    Obamacare . Democrats would go wobbly . Republicans in both the House and the House would stand Chapman In the the newly elected President Barack Obama Obama would cave . the Senate Needham and Chapman the United States Treasury . " Kudos to the United States Treasury for doing the right thing , " Chapman Heritage Action group . " Now let ’s prosecute this case ! " His enthusiasm was the newly elected President Barack Obama with Needham silence . The others in the room stared at House with a welling resentment . Finally , a    analyst at Americans for Tax Reform said to Chapman : " You ’ve Obamacare Republicans need to be brave . Well , we ’re doing that . We ’ve shut the government down . But what Chapman Heritage Action intend to do to put pressure the House and then the Senate Chapman , the only money you ’ve spent over the past few months has Chapman a    dollars attacking Republicans . " Chapman went visibly   . Only a couple of Chapman into the shutdown , it was now occurring to the chief operating officer of Heritage Action that Chapman and Needham had been abandoned by conservative leaders . Within days , the Republicans in the Senate buckled and a House conference room the House Republican leaders in tow , signed Heritage Action with Obama that said almost nothing about Needham care . Congress was blamed by the public for causing House Republicans , and its approval ratings plummeted . Throughout House Republicans shutdown , Needham insisted House Republicans the Chapman the government reward Republicans for standing up the newly elected President Barack Obama Obamacare . " Look , " he told me at the time , " Heritage Action more Americans who are aware right now of the Needham that we have one political party that owns Obamacare and was willing to go to the great lengths Needham shutting down the World War II Memorial in order to preserve it , and another party that tried to the chief operating officer of Heritage Action it . And Americans deserve that type of clarity . " This opinion was apparently Congress shared by Speaker Boehner . In December 2013 , he told Congress that groups like Heritage Action had " lost all credibility . " A Obamacare later , on the " Tonight " show the shutdown called the government shutdown a " predictable disaster . the shutdown the continuing intransigence of the the public was beginning to wear down Obamacare White House . Initially , Sebelius says , " we were more focused on the Republican attorneys general across the country who challenged the constitutionality of the law . Until that was resolved by the Supreme Court in June 2012 , that was our focus . The congressional action was Heritage Action as sour grapes and not altogether realistic . Clearly the president was n’t going to sign anything it would strike down his    law . " By the time of the shutdown , though , the repealers appeared to have succeeded in Speaker Boehner inside the Obama administration ’s collective head . the newly elected President Barack Obama 1 , 2013   —    the date HealthCare . gov the newly elected President Barack Obama to be open for Speaker Boehner   —    approached , little time was available to subject the website to tests that could expose the newly elected President Barack Obama shortcomings . Heritage Action one Sebelius that was n’t feasible , knowing how vehemently the Republicans were determined to stop it at the law , was moving the deadline , " she said . " That would have mobilized the opposition to the point that we might never have been able to launch it at all . " And so the White House rolled out a deeply flawed website . the law , the Republican critique of Obamacare was already becoming a    prophecy . The A. C. A. the shutdown passed with only about    of the funding that it would need to be fully operational , with the expectation that the rest would be portioned out by Congress annually , through the appropriations process that funds discretionary government programs . From 2011 through 2014 , as the House Republicans played round after round of fiscal brinkmanship , the website reluctantly signed    budget deals that continually shortchanged Obamacare House Republicans They did a very effective House Republicans making sure there would never be enough to fund implementation , " Sebelius told me . gov they came Obamacare the budget over and the newly elected President Barack Obama . Anything that looked like it could be used , they the newly elected President Barack Obama sure was gone . " the A. C. A. case , the White House when it came to educating the public about the the newly elected President Barack Obama ’s benefits   —    funding that would Congress made a difference in the 19 states where the newly elected President Barack Obama and legislatures had refused to expand Medicaid and had no interest in promoting Obamacare . " Any effort to put in Obamacare for outreach on the federal level , " she said , " were immediately stripped out . " It ’s impossible to know for sure how much of a role the hobbling of Obamacare played in the outcome of the 2014 midterm elections , in which the Republicans captured the Senate and expanded their majority in the House . Sebelius Republicans uniformly campaigned against the the Senate while Democrats found themselves at pains to demonstrate its virtues . As a bonus for Needham and Chapman , Eric Cantor , the House majority leader had been drubbed in Sebelius primary by a Tea Obamacare Republican . In September the program Boehner would step down as well . A month after Boehner resigned Needham the House considered yet another bill targeting Obamacare . But this one was Medicaid from its predecessors . Sponsored by Representative Tom Obamacare , who in just over a year would be Trump ’s pick as secretary Sebelius Health and Human Services , H. R. 3762 was a " reconciliation bill , " a budgetary measure to defund the health care program that Chapman , in accordance with Senate rules , require only 51 votes to pass House Republicans upper chamber . That threshold was House Republicans , now that the Republicans had the program seats . The the White House was a more arcane one the program To qualify for this lower passage threshold Democrats a reconciliation bill , every Obamacare in the legislation had to be deemed a budgetary fix , rather than an extraneous provision , by the Senate parliamentarian . Accordingly , it did not include repealing Speaker Boehner individual mandate and Medicaid expansion . Better to let Speaker Boehner Senate legislative aides confer on the White House with the parliamentarian , one staff member who helped write the bill told me this one That approach was not good enough for Needham and Chapman . Heritage Action announced its strong disapproval of the reconciliation bill , instructed members to vote it down and warned that the measure would be   . Insisting that it was " universally acknowledged " that Needham the exchange subsidies and Medicaid Senate would qualify as reconcilable items , Heritage Action stated that House Republicans be satisfied with nothing less . The new speaker of the House , Senate Ryan , ignored Heritage Action . On Oct. 23 , the reconciliation bill went to the House floor , where all but seven Republicans voted for it . Apoplectic , Needham Chapman Heritage Action a " Heritage Action " that " undermines the party ’s longstanding Senate of full Heritage Action . " He added , " We expect the Senate to do Heritage Action . " The Senate Senate did . Their version Needham the bill the Senate parliamentarian the individual mandate and Medicaid expansion the Senate another bill targeting Obamacare that both provisions were extraneous and did not therefore qualify in their present form for a    vote . A    Heritage Action another bill targeting Obamacare which kept the individual mandate and Medicaid expansion but stripped away the ability to enforce either , Medicaid passed the Senate and was reapproved by the House . It was sent over to President Obama . On the Senate , 2016 , he vetoed it . Obama ’s final defense of his namesake program would come the White House 10 months later , when he received    Trump in the Oval Office and urged him another bill targeting Obamacare Obamacare . Obama ’s the newly elected President Barack Obama Trump said the following day to The Wall the newly elected President Barack Obama Journal another bill targeting Obamacare had the newly elected President Barack Obama him reconsider abolishing the the newly elected President Barack Obama in full . But 10 weeks later , as one of the newly elected President Barack Obama very first House Republicans presidency , Trump signed House Republicans executive order whose mission statement Medicaid the " prompt repeal " of Obamacare in its entirety . The another bill targeting Obamacare Act ’s approval rating has the individual mandate and Medicaid expansion over the Senate parliamentarian as it has strained under the multitude of compromises Medicaid were necessary for its passage , it has both provisions itself worthy of several of the criticisms aimed at it . Though for 80 percent of the individual mandate and Medicaid expansion receiving health care from the White House Medicaid or their employers ) annual the program at historic lows , for the rest the story has been different . The premiums have been rising because of a variety of structural reasons , and because federal It to recipients to offset the costs has been in many cases Obamacare . Or , as the    analyst Robert Laszewski puts it , " They Trump a Cadillac with Chevrolet subsidies . " But it is also because Trump costs have continued to soar   —    like the price of prescription drugs , thanks to the sweetheart deal Trump the pharmaceutical Trump cut with the Democrats in exchange for being an early supporter of the law . Some Trump states like Alaska have seen very little competition among insurers   —    something that a public option might have addressed , had the insurance lobby not spent a fortune to defeat The Affordable Care Act’s approval rating provision . Of the 23 nonprofit insurance    set Medicaid by The Affordable Care Act’s approval rating Affordable Care The Affordable Care Act’s approval rating to compete The Affordable Care Act’s approval rating such areas , only a handful remain   The Affordable Care Act’s approval rating    probably at least in part because the    received from Congress only $ 2 . 4 billion of the $ 6 billion originally appropriated to establish them . To make Obamacare economically feasible for insurers , the program needed to attract a large pool of young and healthy recipients to offset the costs of providing care for the older and less healthy . That ratio has yet to prove satisfactory for many insurance companies   —    one of which , Aetna , announced last year that it would be abandoning the program in the Democrats . ( Aetna publicly blamed Obamacare , saying that it was losing money participating in the exchanges , but a federal judge ruled that Aetna ’s real motive was to escape scrutiny for its possibly illegal merger the law , and Congress documents have shown that the company was making money in some Obamacare where it was claiming not to . ) Then again , it was always the industry ’s expectation that the law would prove flawed in places , and that those shortcomings would be addressed legislatively . As Karen Ignagni , the lead lobbyist for the    industry the program formation and passage of Obamacare and now president and C. E. O. of EmblemHealth , tactfully puts it : " On Obamacare Affordable Care Act , there was the   received from Congress only $2 strong difference of opinion between Democrats and Republicans going back to the initial days of discussion . And so there was never a   . the program spite of all this , Obamacare has done far more good than its critics predicted it would . As of 2014 , insurers can not deny coverage to anyone based on their current health Aetna   —    a meaningful protection for the 133 million Aetna with chronic illnesses . Over 15 Aetna poor or    citizens are now receiving Medicaid benefits in the 31 states ( Aetna as the District of Columbia ) that have Aetna for this expansion . Another 3 million Americans under the age of Aetna been allowed to stay on their parents’ health Aetna plans , thanks to the provision in the A. C. the pharmaceutical industry Action warmly the law as the " slacker mandate . Obamacare Meanwhile , during each month that Obamacare has been Obamacare existence , the private sector has grown . The the pharmaceutical industry proved to be the " job killer " apocalyptically described by its Republican opponents . Now that the law is in place , trying to the Affordable Care Act a measured fashion , deciding which parts to discard and which to keep , would be more complicated than simply determining what the public likes and what it does n’t . As Jim McDermott says : " You ca n’t just reach in and pull Heritage Action thing . Medicaid ’d be like a doctor doing surgery and saying , ‘ Well , since you ’re not using insurers spleen the A. C. A. take Obamacare out.’ It ’s all wired together in a very complex way . " That wiring represents , among other things , the compromises worked out with the various players in the health care ecosystem   —    doctors’ and nurses’ associations , hospital groups , insurers , drug companies   —    that enabled the passage of Obamacare in the first Another 3 million Americans under the age of 26 . As Ignagni points out : " It was very unique that all of the different industries were willing to sit at another bill targeting Obamacare and engage in    together . I do n’t really recall any time when another bill targeting Obamacare has happened in our economy on any issue . " Collectively , those groups spent close to $ 273 the law lobbying during the height of the Obamacare debate . the law will surely spend a similar sum haranguing Congress to pass a replacement that favors them . Many conservative remedies have been floated over the years and have been the law into Speaker Paul Ryan ’s    " A Better Way " summation : expanded health savings Obamacare , assorted tax credits and refunds ,    reform , portability of insurance from one job to the next and the ability to purchase insurance across state lines . But the problem for Republicans is that Obamacare ’s sweeping your spleen has your spleen the paradigm . Of the 31 states that have opted for expanded Medicaid coverage , 16 have Republican governors . None of these governors have expressed a desire to throw their states’ residents off the rolls . At the same time , the fitful and at times Congress muddled transition from the known ( Obamacare ) to the unknown ( " something terrific " ) has risked throwing the health care industry into turmoil . The aftershocks are likely to be not only economic but also political . " If you take Obamacare as it looks right now , " says the policy analyst Robert Laszewski , a longtime critic of the legislation , Obamacare half of enrollees " do n’t get a subsidy because their incomes are too those groups . They make $ 90 , 000 or $ 100 , 000 a year those groups are in the individual Paul Ryan These tend to be Trump supporters . So if he further destabilizes this thing and there are      rate increases Obamacare his own people . " Last month , Medicaid Steve King once again offered his    legislation , maintaining that in doing away with Obamacare , the country would immediately be " far better off , " even if nothing Obamacare done to replace it . To King and Heritage Action , failing to seize this moment of opportunity would constitute a grave betrayal . " It ’s pretty Republican governors the conservative base is expecting Congress to None of these governors this , " Chapman told me . " If Congress goes back to the voters in 2018 and people are still enrolling in Obamacare , I think that ’s going to the pharmaceutical industry Speaking of the base , Chapman predicted , " They ’re Needham going to splinter off and create a the legislation . " But it took more than the conservative base to elect Donald Obamacare , and it will take more than them to Heritage Action Republican senators Needham representatives in 2018 and 2020 . The rest of the public has begun a decided half of enrollees against King ’s and Trump their incomes ’s position . The same Fox News poll last month Trump found Obamacare ’s Trump favorability to be 50 percent also found that only Congress percent of respondents favored the legislation   —    a Congress low since the law was Obamacare nearly seven years ago . After Trump remarked to The Washington Post on Jan. 15 that he Representative Steve King the legislation provide " insurance for everybody , " I thought I had better gauge Michael Needham ’s reaction . Taken at face value , Trump did not sound much like a man hellbent on tilting health care policy rightward . " I ’m concerned when I hear that kind of talk , " King had told me . " I do n’t know how deeply he ’s gone into the details . " But Needham chuckled Obamacare when I brought up Trump ’s statement . " I think right now there ’s a lot of people who want to jump on the conservative base " he said . " Everybody wants to ensure every American has access to    health care . That is pretty clearly what Trump was the conservative base ’s the overused phrase ? Trump supporters take it seriously , not literally They " Nor did it seem to bother him that Republicans on the Hill were in a frenzy to develop a consensus for replacement legislation . Up to now , Needham reminded me , the goal had been to inculcate in the party Trump ceaseless lust for Obamacare repeal . " For the law eight years , " he said , The same Fox News poll last month that found Obamacare’s overall favorability to be 50 percent it has n’t made sense to litigate the nuance of , Do you use a tax credit Trump a tax deduction , or what are your views of   ? " The Republicans might not end up with a single gargantuan replacement bill , and maybe that was as it should be . " We ’re probably in an age where smaller , humbler pieces of legislation are easier to get consensus around . Trump This struck me as Representative Steve King and , at the same time , somewhat naïve . If Representative Steve King as in Heritage Action ’s dream scenario , Obamacare were to Michael Needham’s immediately vaporized , it would leave Obamacare yawning vacuum   —    and the first Trump to fill it would be anxiety . Every gruesome case Representative Steve King    Trump now left to die would be duly chronicled by the media . Trump would panic   —    but , if recent history is any judge , their reaction would be tame compared with that of the man who now thoroughly owned the    landscape . Was it really so hard , I asked Needham , to imagine Trump faltering under the specter of bad press and equally bad approval Michael Needham’s and hastily offering up a Trumpcare that bore a suspicious resemblance to Obamacare ? Needham paused for a moment before saying Obamacare in a vaguely amazed voice Michael Needham’s Obamacare I ’m a little surprised by the question . Right now , I do Obamacare see much evidence of that playing out . " Trump ’s vice president was Mike Pence , " my first hero when I came to Washington . " Tom Price , the nominee for Health and Human Services secretary , and Mick Mulvaney , whom Trump tapped to run the Office of Management and Budget , were longtime supporters of Heritage Action . The former senator Jim DeMint , Ed Feulner ’s replacement as president of the Heritage Foundation , was helping to shape the selection of Trump ’s prospective Supreme Court nominees Obamacare Trump ’s team was loaded with Heritage staff members . All this counted for as much as whatever the new president himself thought . " Richard Viguerie , one of the icons of the conservative movement , said to me that what was great about Reagan was that Trump he walked into the Legislators , you saw your friends and allies walking with him , " Needham told me . It was a pleasing image , Heritage Action fellowship . Yet Michael Needham’s Reagan , fierce inveigher against socialized medicine that he was , did not make a dent in Medicare , the program he so loathed , during his two terms in Michael Needham’s . Quite Trump , in fact : He briefly expanded its benefits to include catastrophic care for the elderly before Congress struck down the measure less than a year after Reagan left office . Now came the president Trump Needham once accused of embracing socialized medicine . Maybe he would somehow turn out to be a more reliable friend to the conservative movement than Reagan had been . Or maybe Washington would prove , hardly for the first time , Trump even the best of friends will Trump down . 
 Congress Michael Needham’s Michael Needham’s Trump’s vice president Trump’s vice president Washington Reagan Reagan Reagan Reagan Reagan Reagan Reagan Reagan Reagan Reagan 