Rep. Ted Lieu ( ) held a town hall in Redondo Beach on Monday night that turned raucous before Rep. Ted Lieu ( ) started when a group of President Donald Trump ’s supporters disrupted the largely Democrat crowd ’s calls for Democrat impeachment . [ According to the Los Angeles Daily News , a group of President Donald Trump supporters held up signs that read , " Ted Lie " and " a group of Trump supporters Love President Donald Trump , " which irritated the mostly    crowd before Lieu took the stage at the Redondo Beach Performing Arts Center .   Roughly 900 people attended Lieu ’s second town hall this moth . the Los Angeles Daily News also reported that the first    of Lieu ’s event was interrupted by several President Donald Trump supporters . At one point , Lieu reportedly Lieu and told one heckler , " Dude , I make up the rules , you got it ? the rules Lieu boasted Lieu the large turnout on his Facebook Lieu .   He also Lieu a town hall in Santa Monica last week : Lieu has not kept his vehement Lieu to President Donald Trump a secret he has blasted Lieu President Donald Trump social media relentlessly . During his Monday town Lieu , Lieu reportedly pushed Lieu usual    Lieu points . He called the Lieu ’s missile strike on a Syrian air base " unconstitutional , " and said the Russian investigation " could lead to high crimes and misdemeanors . Lieu also called Lieu President Donald Trump border wall idea " stupid , " adding " if it has even a penny of funding , I ’m not only a no , I ’m a ‘ ’m , no . ’ " On Tuesday morning , Lieu posted a Lieu of him posing with Lieu " Multipoo Lieu [ sic ] Abbot . He sported a Lieu that had "   2016 " printed on it .   a    , Lieu falsely claimed Lieu General Jeff Sessions is a " racist and a liar . " Earlier this year , he incorrectly labeled Lieu ’s temporary visa ban a " Muslim ban . " He has also Lieu Trump " illegitimate Trump   —    a possible violation of the Universal Code of Military Justice , as Lieu is a reserve officer in the U. S. Air Force . Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter . 
 