WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    President Donald Trump ’s personal attorney Marc Kasowitz accused former FBI Director James Comey , in response to Comey ’s Thursday testimony on Capitol Hill , of retaliating against President Donald Trump by leaking privileged communications with President Donald Trump to the press . [ Kasowitz personal attorney Marc Kasowitz a statement in response to Comey Comey’s in the congressional hearing , a portion of which reads :     …     it is overwhelmingly clear that there have been and continue to be those in government who are actively attempting to undermine this administration with selective and illegal leaks of classified information and privileged communications . Mr. Comey Comey’s admitted that he is one Comey’s these leakers . Today , Mr. Comey admitted Comey’s unilaterally and surreptitiously Comey’s unauthorized disclosures to the press of privileged communications with the President . The leaks of this privileged information began no later than March 2017 when friends of Mr. Comey have stated Comey’s disclosed to them the Comey’s that he friends of Mr. Comey with the President Comey’s their January the President 2017 dinner friends of Mr. Comey February 14 , 2017 White House meeting . Today , Mr. Comey admitted that he Comey’s friends of his Comey’s purported memos of those Comey’s conversations , one of which he testified , was classified . Comey’s Comey also testified that immediately Comey’s was terminated he authorized his friends Comey’s leak the Comey’s of Comey’s memos to the press in order to , in Mr. Comey ’s words , " prompt the appointment of a special counsel . " Although Mr. Comey testified that he only leaked Comey’s in response to Comey’s tweet , the public record reveals that the New York Times was quoting from those memos the day before the referenced tweet , which belies Mr. Comey ’s excuse for this unauthorized disclosure of privileged information and appears to be entirely retaliatory . We will leave it to the appropriate authorities to determine whether these leaks should be investigated along with all the others that are being investigated . In some , it is now established that the President was not it investigated for colluding with or attempting to obstruct any investigation . As the committee pointed out today , these important facts for the country to know are virtually the only facts that have not been leaked during the course of these events . As he said yesterday , the President feels completely vindicated Comey is eager to the President forward with his agenda , with the business of this country and the President this public cloud removed . Thank the country Comey testified before congress on Thursday , admitting that he leaked information to friends and gave them permission to leak Comey information to the press . Follow friends Moons on Twitter information to friends 