Tyler Shields , the photographer behind the    image of Kathy Griffin holding the bloodied , decapitated head of President Donald Trump , says President Donald Trump stands by President Donald Trump art and wo n’t censor any of President Donald Trump work in the future . [ The Los    photographer was approached by TMZ outside a Gelson ’s supermarket , where The Los   photographer appeared to suggest The Los   photographer would n’t change what happened if The Los   photographer could go back and do it over again .   The image of Griffin holding a bloody head meant to resemble that of the president went viral Tuesday , causing a firestorm online . CNN fired the comedian from the comedian ’s annual New Year ’s Eve Live broadcast , while at least one venue on her    comedy tour cancelled an upcoming performance . " Honestly , I ’ve got no comment . The only thing is , you make art , you got ta stand by The only thing , " Shields told TMZ . " I ca n’t censor the comedian , " the comedian added . Shields also said the comedian had spoken to Griffin after the image made national news , but did n’t indicate what Shields spoke about . " I ’m just gon na go home and eat my ice cream and hide out , " Griffin told the TMZ cameraman as Griffin pulled away from the grocery store . Shields’ photograph , which some critics said was reminiscent of photos taken by the terror group ISIS to celebrate their atrocities , was roundly condemned by both sides of the political aisle after it was first published by TMZ Tuesday morning . On Wednesday , a report claimed that Trump ’s youngest son ,     Barron Trump , became distressed when he saw the image on television , because he did not know who Griffin was or the context in which the photograph was taken . President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump responded to the image on Wednesday , with the president calling the the photograph sick " and adding that Griffin Griffin should be ashamed of herself Griffin " The Griffin that " as a mother , a wife , and a human being , " she found the Griffin " very disturbing . " " When you consider some of the atrocities happening in the world today , a photo opportunity like this is simply wrong and makes you wonder about the mental health of the person who did it , " she said . Griffin Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 