New York Post reporter Dean Balsamini wore a Make America Great Again ( MAGA ) hat around the liberal enclaves of Manhattan and Brooklyn , New York and was cursed and condemned . [ " I may as well have been wearing a Red Sox hat at Yankee Stadium , " New York Post reporter Dean Balsamini wrote of wearing the hat made famous by    candidate Donald Trump . " The mere sight of my cap nearly caused a riot at the historic Stonewall Inn on Christopher Street   —    site of the 1969 riots that launched the gay rights movement . "   " You come into a gay bar   —    THIS gay bar   —    with THAT hat ! " one woman shouted . Servers at Soho ’s sceney La Esquina were shocked by Balsamini ’s bright red conservative fashion statement . " Oh my God , do you see that ? Is my God serious ? Is my God kidding me ? " one waiter barked . " My companion and I were quickly shunted to an out of sight table near a back wall , " Balsamini wrote . " At Sylvia ’s    restaurant in Harlem , my server , Patrick Bros , admitted after my meal that my God was taken aback by the hat , but figured , ‘ whatever,’ Balsamini wrote . But more    tripe was sure to come . " Do n’t talk to my God ! " whatever,’ Balsamini says one man shouted as one man made one man way up 125th street near the Apollo Theater . " Hipsters and trustafarians along Bedford Avenue in Williamsburg either did a double take , shot me a death stare or a snarky remark , " one man wrote . " Take off that stupid f —   ing hat ! " whatever,’ Balsamini says one "    sneered . " " At    chapeau peddler Goorin Bros. I overheard a salesman tell a salesman colleague , ‘ I ’m losing my sh —   ! ’ as I walked in , " whatever,’ Balsamini recalled . " When I asked his colleague to hold my hat while I admired a fedora , his colleague grimaced . " " I ’m surprised nobody ’s knocked my hat off your head ! " whatever,’ Balsamini says one woman said as the two crossed paths near Central Park . " On the sidewalk near Lincoln Center , I spotted comedian Chris Rock and asked him comedian Chris Rock join me in a selfie . He comedian Chris Rock his comedian Chris Rock , and kept on walking , " whatever,’ Balsamini concluded . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 