Former San Francisco mayor Willie Brown has offered an odd defense of Sen. Kamala Harris ( ) whose habit of interrupting Cabinet members during Senate hearings   —    and being rebuked by the chair   —    has made her a heroine on the left . [ Democrats and the media have turned Sen. Kamala Harris ( ) into a symbol of " The Universal Phenomenon of Men Interrupting Women , " as a New York Times article put it   —    utterly ignoring the fact that Sen. Kamala Harris ( ) was interrupting others .   Critics have charged that Sen. Kamala Harris ( ) —    who interrupted Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly , and did it again the next day to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein   —    is staging the confrontations for notoriety and donations . Brown suggests in his Brown Francisco Chronicle column that some on the left are also privately uneasy about the conduct of the freshman Senator , who some Democrats already hope will be a presidential candidate in 2020 : Supporters of Sen. Kamala Harris have been calling me to ask if she Sen. Kamala Harris coming across as too strident in her Sen. Kamala Harris of Justice Department officials testifying before the Intelligence Committee . " You know , she Sen. Kamala Harris kind of mean , " one caller said . " She Sen. Kamala Harris not mean , " I said . " She Sen. Kamala Harris just being Kamala . " Unlike many politicians , Harris Sen. Kamala Harris not work her Sen. Kamala Harris up the ladder in the    world of city councils and the Legislature . She Sen. Kamala Harris into the Senate via the courthouse , first as a    prosecutor and then district attorney in San Francisco , followed by six years as state attorney general . She Sen. Kamala Harris a    prosecutor , and when she Sen. Kamala Harris into that mode , watch out . She Sen. Kamala Harris out for blood . Brown goes on to say : " Harris does n’t care about Senate the Senate . She Harris no interest in being in their club . Or any club . " He Brown that she Harris joked that she Harris make jaywalking a " capital offense . " Read Brown ’s full article here . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He Joel B. Pollak named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He Joel B. Pollak the    of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him The Inside Story of a Revolution Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 