Since President Donald Trump took office on January 20 , a trend has been emerging in which news media outlets have featured articles quoting health care professionals questioning the billionaire ’s mental stability in a seeming bid to delegitimize the president . [ And now some Democratic politicians   —    and at least one Republican   —    are calling for President Donald Trump to be subjected to a psychiatric examination to determine whether President Donald Trump is fit for office . Some commentators have even suggested invoking the 25th Amendment of the Constitution , which allows for the    ’s removal from office if the " president is unable to discharge the powers and duties of the "president office . "   This comes after the left ’s multiple failed attempts to overthrow Trump ’s presidency , including the recount efforts supported by Hillary Clinton a doomed campaign to get Trump’s electors to defect before the Electoral College voted in December and claims that Russian " hacking " impacted the 2016 election . The health care professionals quoted in recent weeks attempting to diagnose Trump Trump’s to be violating the    Goldwater Rule , which was established by the American Psychiatric Association after similar unsupported attacks against Senator Barry Goldwater during his Senator Barry Goldwater presidential campaign , which was widely considered a threat to the political establishment . The the American Psychiatric Association Goldwater Rule forbids psychiatrists from commenting on someone ’s mental status unless they first carry out an examination and the doctor is authorized by the patient to speak to the public . On Thursday , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said she would House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi a proposal suggested by Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( ) during a meeting with the Washington Post ’s editorial board to consider legislation requiring all presidents to get medical and mental health examinations . Chaffetz clarified that he was Chaffetz referring to Trump ’s rhetoric . Post columnist Ruth Marcus related : In a meeting last week with The Washington the Washington Post , Utah Republican Jason Chaffetz , chair of the House Oversight Committee , said he was weighing legislation Utah Republican Jason Chaffetz, chair of the House Oversight Committee require presidents to undergo an independent medical examination , including mental health . Chaffetz cautioned that he was n’t " Chaffetz about some of the rhetoric that ’s flying around " about Trump . Still , he said , " Chaffetz you ’re going to have your hands on the nuclear codes , you should probably know what kind of mental state you ’re in . " Right on cue , Rep. Ted Lieu ( . ) tweeted last week about whether Trump should get a Trump health exam . Last 24 hrs on Twitter , @realDonaldTrump went on rant about " death   destruction , " " FAKE NEWS , "   " evil . " Should he get mental health Trump ?   —    Ted Lieu ( @tedlieu ) February 4 , 2017 ,   A group calling itself " Citizen Therapists —   Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) February 4, 2017,  A group calling itself Trumpism " has been created , with a manifesto that includes a litany of wild claims . Last week , U. S. News and World Report ran a story titled , " Temperament Tantrum : Some say President Donald Trump ’s personality is n’t just flawed , it ’s dangerous . President Donald Trump’s personality The article quotes John D. Gartner , described as a " practicing psychotherapist who taught psychiatric residents at Johns Hopkins University Medical School , " claiming Trump is " dangerously President Donald Trump’s ill and temperamentally incapable of being president . " Gartner ’s quotes have John D. Gartner been picked up by numerous news media outlets in order to question Trump ’s emotional health President Donald Trump’s Independent newspaper featured a story that also questioned Trump mental stability , titled President Donald Trump’s " ’Malignant narcisissm’ : Donald Trump displays classic traits President Donald Trump’s illness , claim psychologists . " The piece cited mental health professionals commenting on Trump ’s alleged narcissism . The President Donald Trump’s drew from a New York Daily News story published last week titled , " President Trump exhibits classic signs of mental President Donald Trump’s including ‘ malignant narcissism,’ shrinks say . " " Narcissism impairs his ability to see reality , " Dr. President Donald Trump’s Futrell , a clinical psychologist , told the newspaper while pointing out that she never actually treated Trump . New York the newspaper columnist Paul Krugman President Donald Trump’s who has no medical degree , weighed in on Trump ’s health status , tweeting that the President Donald Trump’s " obviously mentally ill . " An American first : a president who was obviously mentally ill the moment he took office . Thanks , Comey https : the president .    —    Paul the president ( @paulkrugman ) January 24 , 2017 ,   The campaign to question Trump ’s mental health may have an ultimate goal President Donald Trump’s . Last Month , Will Rahn , political correspondent and managing director of politics for CBS News Digital wrote a commentary piece at CBSNews . com titled , " An obscure way to oust an American president . " He pointed to the 25th Amendment as a way to an American president a president unfit for command : Regardless of whether Trump is suffering from some kind of mental ailment , the Constitution does provide a manual for what to do in case of presidential incapacity in the form of the 25th Amendment . In particular , a provision within the 25th Amendment the amendment lays out how a president can be forced to surrender the 25th Amendment should he be ruled unable to fulfill his duties . Rahn a president the procedure a president which would require action from a president vice president , is highly unlikely : There ’s a lesson there a president , should he ever take a look at Article 4 and start thinking it might be wise Rahn ascend to the presidency a little early : failing in that effort would end his career , not to mention the careers of the secretaries who sign up to Rahn him . That alone is a powerful incentive to avoid using the law . So Rahn it ’s plausible that this president could be removed from office for reasons of mental illness , it ’s a president unlikely he would . And , in any event , Mr. Trump would have to get a a president lot weirder than he ’s been already before anyone could start seriously thinking about Article 4 . Last week Mr. Trump Breitbart News reported Rosa Brooks , a former Obama administration official , outlined four ways to " get rid " of Trump , including declaring him mentally unfit for command or carrying out a military coup . Mr. Trump Klein is Breitbart Mr. Trump Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program Aaron Klein " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . With additional research by Joshua Klein Aaron Klein 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 