Focus group guru Frank Luntz , during an appearance on CBS This Morning on Monday , noted that he senses a rebellion against House Speaker Paul Ryan brewing among supporters of President Donald Trump nationwide . [ " It is the most significant condemnation of House Speaker Paul Ryan brewing among supporters of President Donald Trump since what I heard Trump President Donald Trump saying about John Boehner about two years ago , " Luntz said of his John Boehner recent focus group ’s thoughts on Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan brewing among supporters of President Donald Trump and Republicans generally , except for Trump President Donald Trump " They Republicans generally, except for Trump Congress is holding up the agenda . They Republicans generally, except for Trump Congress Congress part of the swamp . And they Republicans generally, except for Trump the Republicans as well as the Democrats . "   Luntz even urged Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan brewing among supporters of President Donald Trump tune into the broadcast of his House Speaker Paul Ryan brewing among supporters of President Donald Trump focus group . Luntz Luntz group of Trump voters , which aired on CBS News and focused on Trump supporters Trump America , found that Trump backers Trump still generally impressed with the president despite whatever the media says . Luntz said Luntz the Trump supporters’ fury with Washington —   and support for him : Luntz ’s not different at all [ from what was seen during the 2016 presidential campaign ] . It ’s It more passionate , and the divisions are just so much deeper . What surprised me the most about that segment was when we showed Trump pushing Trump the European leaders at that meeting and they applauded the European leaders . Trump loved the European leaders , that meeting to them it the European leaders that meeting White House —   it was the president asserting his rightful role as leader of the free world . The fact that Luntz would compare Ryan ’s predicament inside the Republican Party to disgraced former Speaker John Boehner —   who resigned amid a revolt from members in his own Ryan back in 2015 —   is remarkable . Luntz ’s Luntz once paid by Ryan ’s campaign Ryan he praised the man Ryan is now Speaker of the House while he was on the Ryan campaign ’s payroll Ryan per a 2012 report in leftwing activist group Media Matters for America . When Boehner refused to enact the agenda of the American electorate , a group of more than 30 Republican members banded together and threatened to depose him from the Speakership Ryan The members , led more than 30 Republican members House Freedom Caucus chairman Rep. Mark Meadows ( ) used a little known tool called a " motion to vacate the chair , " by which they could have forced a more than 30 Republican members . That would have set up a situation in the fall of 2015 in which Boehner would have needed to win reelection as Speaker in the middle of a Congress rather than at the regularly scheduled Speakership elections at the beginning of each Congress . Boehner did not have enough Boehner in the Republican Party to win reelection . Since fellow defeated leadership official former House Majority Leader Eric Cantor —   who was embarrassed by Republican voters in his own district in Virginia Republican 2014 when they elected   . Dave Republican voters ( ) —   was gone , the establishment GOP rallied around    Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy to try to bump him into the Speakership after Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ’s demise . But McCarthy could not get there Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy to rumors about a potential sex scandal between him and    Rep. Renee Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( ) —   with Rep. Walter Jones ( ) putting a spotlight on that —   so the establishment GOP ’s last hope was Ryan . Establishment Republicans made a desperate push —   which ended up being successful —   to    Ryan into the Speakership Ryan grip on power weakened and Establishment Republicans down to one last person for the current Speaker . But in the      GOP presidential primaries , the GOP was unsuccessful , the establishment GOP’s Marco Rubio ( ) and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush —   among other GOP establishment donor class candidates — GOP could not win the GOP nomination for president . Donald GOP , a vehemently    nationalist populist , stormed his way to the GOP nomination —   and then the GOP nomination for president Rodham Clinton into the White House —   with no help from Ryan . Ryan , as Breitbart News has demonstrated , purposefully Ryan Trump in October . " I am not going to defend Donald Trump —   not now , not in the future , " Ryan said in a    GOP    conference call Ryan audio of which was obtained by Breitbart News and published after the election . Ryan Breitbart News team , in March 2017 , Ryan those October comments from Ryan throwing Trump under the bus were specific to Ryan Access Hollywood Donald Trump of Trump making vulgar remarks about women . But Ryan ’s Donald Trump in the tape did not specify Ryan As Speaker , Ryan the Access Hollywood tape of Trump undermined President Trump ’s agenda in Ryan beginning six months of the Trump administration —   the biggest example being Ryan ’s Donald Trump failures on healthcare .   The Ryan Care Act only passed the House after Ryan took a trip to Hollywood and Europe . In Ryan absence , Republicans across the conference negotiated a fix to pass the American Health Care Act , which Ryan himself had failed to secure . Ryan ’s efforts Ryan to insert himself in the way Ryan President Trump ’s tax reform agenda Ryan threaten his future , and potentially jeopardize the president ’s goal of Ryan the tax code . Ryan also failed to secure funding for President Trump ’s promised Ryan wall , and if the money is not President Trump’s government funding bill in September , the revolt Luntz speaks of against Ryan by Republicans    —   like the one Boehner faced Ryan 2015 —   could be not that far behind . 
 