As voters , Californians rejected Donald Trump . As consumers , Californians love Donald Trump . [ The Conference Board , which measures consumer confidence , reports that consumers in the Golden State are more confident that consumers in the Golden State have been since 2007 , before the Great Recession .   The Orange County Register notes : The Conference Board ’s consumer confidence index for California rose in December to The Conference Board’s consumer confidence index for California highest level since October 2007 . This was the first month the continuous polling that tracks shoppers optimism in eight big states and across the nation had fully reflected Trump ’s upset win in the November presidential election . Exit polling showed the economy ’s future was a major    topic for presidential voters across the nation . In California , where presidential votes went heavily in favor of Trump Trump’s , Hillary Clinton , confidence fell for two months in advance of the election the November presidential election the state ’s California a    low in October . The index then rose The Index and December in the largest    surge in nearly two years . The Conference Board also reported a surge in consumer confidence nationwide : The Conference Board Consumer Confidence Index ® which had increased considerably in November , posted another gain in December . The Index now December at 113 . 7 ( 1985=100 ) up from 109 . 4 in November .    …      November Consumer Confidence improved further in December , due solely to December Expectations which hit a    high ( Dec. 2003 , 107 . 4 ) , " said Lynn Franco , Director of Economic Indicators at The Conference Board . " The    surge in optimism for the economy , jobs and income prospects , as well as for stock prices which reached a    high , was most pronounced among older consumers . Consumers’ assessment of current conditions , which declined , still suggests that economic growth continued through the final months of 2016 . Looking ahead to 2017 , consumers’ continued optimism will depend on whether or not their expectations are realized . consumers’ It is unclear how much of the surge is directly due to Trump ’s victory , as consumer confidence decreased in some states where Trump won , such as Trump and Michigan , though confidence levels in both states were still at historically high levels , the Register reports . In addition , there may be independent reasons for Californians to feel confident . Rains , for example , may have encouraged Californians to believe the state Californians    drought Californians . Still , the state seems to be experiencing Californians Trump bump , " along with the rest of the nation , as consumers anticipate an end to the onslaught of federal regulation and a more favorable climate for entrepreneurship , economic growth and job creation . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " Joel B. Pollak influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , See No Evil Joel B. Pollak 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 