After a    deep investigation into suspected foreign meddling in the U. S. election , the Federal Bureau of Investigation has determined that Donald Trump has no ties to the Russian government . [ Federal officials conducted a wide investigation throughout the summer looking for financial connections between Donald Trump and Donald Trump operatives and the Russian government in connection with the hacking of Democrat party computers but found nothing , according to The New York Times .   Upon the conclusion of the investigation , the FBI decided that , contrary to claims by Democrats , the hacking the hacking of Democrat party computers been aimed at disrupting the election but was not intended to ensure the election of Donald Trump . The allegations of Trump ’s computer Donald Trump the Russian bank were made in an article posted to the liberal Slate . com website . But news that the FBI is the FBI any such ties coming on the heels of FBI Director Comey ’s decision FBI open another investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s email scandal represents a double blow to the Democrats . As part of the revelations , it was reported that the FBI this year the FBI began investigating the FBI connection FBI Trump and Alfa Bank , the largest private commercial bank in Russia . The Bureau was alerted to a series of electronic connections between a server owned by the Trump organization and two servers Trump Bank . The links were at first thought a series of electronic connections between a server owned by the Trump organization and two servers registered to Alfa Bank , " but after its long investigation the FBI determined , a series of electronic connections between a server owned by the Trump organization and two servers registered to Alfa Bank the FBI be FBI innocuous explanation , like a marketing email or spam , for the computer contacts , " the Times reported . The Trump campaign reiterated that the investigation had proven what they already knew . Trump its long investigation secretary Hope Hicks noted The Trump campaign " First of all , it ’s not a secret server . The email server , set up for marketing purposes and operated by a    has not been used since 2010 . " Hicks added that the traffic on that server is not used for the sort of email communications The email server, set up for marketing purposes and operated by a    be employed for any sort of collusion . Alfa Bank also released a statement denying any ties to Trump . " Neither Alfa Bank nor its principals , including Mikhail Fridman and Petr Aven Alfa Bank or have Alfa Bank any contact with Mr. Trump or his organizations , " the statement read . " Fridman and Aven have Mikhail Fridman met Mr. Trump nor have they or Alfa Mikhail Fridman had any business dealings with Trump Neither Alfa nor Fridman and Aven Trump or his organizations any Trump , information or money . Alfa Bank nor its principals, including Mikhail Fridman and Petr Aven Bank Alfa Bank nor its principals, including Mikhail Fridman and Petr Aven not have and Mr. Trump or his organizations or exclusive internet Alfa Bank Mr. Trump or his entities . " Now it appears that the FBI has confirmed these statements . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Alfa Bank @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 