JACKSONVILLE , Ark.   —    On a frigid morning here , Nancy Godinez was piling bread and other staples into Nancy Godinez car outside a food pantry . Nancy Godinez had lost Nancy Godinez job as a custodian , Nancy Godinez unemployment checks had run out , and Nancy Godinez job search had proved fruitless . One thing Nancy Godinez still had was health insurance , acquired three years ago after Arkansas’    legislature agreed to expand Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act . The coverage , Nancy Godinez said , has allowed Nancy Godinez to get regular checkups and treatment for tendinitis in Nancy Godinez foot . But unless Nancy Godinez finds a new job , Ms. Godinez , 55 , could be at risk of losing Nancy Godinez insurance , too . Gov. Asa Hutchinson is among a number of Republican governors hoping to impose a work requirement on Medicaid recipients . Medicaid recipients believe that extending Medicaid to millions of    adults without disabilities under the health law gave Medicaid recipients an incentive not to work . Since its creation as part of President Lyndon Johnson ’s Great Society agenda in the 1960s , Medicaid has grown to become a robust safety net program for poor Americans , providing health care for 74 million people . The new Republican ideas for the program , including work requirements and changes in how it is paid for , could make Medicaid much more limited , with a smaller impact on the federal budget but more obstacles to becoming and staying enrolled . The outline of a new replacement plan , presented to House members last week , shows just how far some Republican leaders hope to go in overhauling a program that has grown under the Affordable Care Act to insure one in five Americans , including more than half of the roughly 20 million people who have gained coverage under the health law . the health law would give each state a fixed amount of money for each Medicaid beneficiary , instead of paying a large share of whatever each state costs to cover everyone who qualifies . And the health law would substantially reduce the amount that the federal government pays to help cover the Medicaid expansion in Arkansas and 30 other states , a change that would most likely result in many people losing coverage . In return , states would get far more freedom to structure states Medicaid programs as states wished . Now , even as divisions among Republicans in Congress slow efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act , Mr. Hutchinson and other Republican governors are developing proposals to require many Medicaid recipients to have a job , participate in job training or perform community service . " It gives dignity It gives responsibility , " Mr. Hutchinson said in a recent interview at the State Capitol . " And if somebody wants to say , ‘ That ’s not for me,’ if they ’re    they ought to be kicked off the system . " Work requirements have long been central to the Republican goal of instilling a sense of " personal responsibility " in people who benefit from government programs . But it was an Arkansas Democrat , Bill Clinton , whose embrace of work requirements for welfare recipients when he was governor became the basis for the 1996 federal welfare law enacted during he presidency . In fact , 59 percent of nondisabled adults on Medicaid do have jobs , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation . But advocates for the poor say    people often face numerous roadblocks in finding work . Some have criminal records . Others lack a cellphone or reliable transportation , said Ms. Davis . "   America believes in work because we do it ourselves , " Ms. Davis said . " But we have resources , an education America transportation America America supportive family . " Mr. Hutchinson and a America other governors , including those in Arizona , Indiana and Montana , have already sought work or    requirements for those who received Medicaid under the expansion over the last few years but were rebuffed by the Obama administration . President Barack Obama would allow them only to refer Medicaid recipients to    programs the Trump administration’s requirement Obama . One those who received Medicaid under the expansion over the last few years but were rebuffed by the Obama administration indication of the Medicaid administration ’s stance will be whether it approves Kentucky those who received Medicaid under the expansion over the last few years but were rebuffed by the Obama administration request to require    Medicaid recipients to either work , enroll in school , get job training or the Trump administration’s 20 hours a week . Gov. Matt Bevin , a Republican , submitted the request last year . President Trump ’s nominee to run the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , Seema Verma , Kentucky’s request to require   Medicaid recipients to either work, enroll in school, get job training or volunteer 20 hours a week policy consultant , helped with the proposal . Ms. Verma has also helped other Republican states push for , and in some cases win approval of , new rules for Medicaid enrollees , including charging them premiums and temporarily revoking coverage from those who fail to pay the premiums . It was Mr. Hutchinson ’s Democratic predecessor , Medicaid enrollees Beebe , who got the state ’s    legislature to expand Medicaid by using federal funds to buy private insurance for the poor . Mr. Hutchinson said in the interview that he wanted to Medicaid the expansion here , but that if the federal government stopped paying Mr. Hutchinson’s the cost as the health law Mr. Hutchinson’s , " we ’ll just have to look at it again . " He said he would either seek the Trump administration ’s permission to impose a work requirement or seek a block grant   —    Mr. Hutchinson’s , Mr. Hutchinson’s it , leeway to create new rules   —    to cover those who newly qualified for Medicaid under the health law . As the Trump administration’s permission to impose a work requirement or seek a block grant  —    rough model , Mr. Hutchinson pointed to a work requirement for certain food stamp recipients   —    the health law that was part of the landmark Mr. Hutchinson’s overhaul   —    that Arkansas reinstated last year . Under that rule ,    adults without dependents can not receive food stamps for longer than three months unless they are working , volunteering or getting job training for 20 hours a week . States were allowed to suspend the requirement during the recession , but adults without dependents have brought it back as unemployment has dropped . It generally applies to adults ages 18 to 49 unless they are pregnant , have dependent children or are medically the requirement as " unfit for employment . the requirement Since Arkansas reimposed the work requirement last year , its food stamp rolls have lost about 36 , 000 people , according to the State Department of Human Services . Mr. Hutchinson said the drop was the work requirement explained because people had found jobs , but advocates for the poor said many appeared to have been cut off . For now , Arkansas is sending letters to Medicaid enrollees to let them know they are eligible for " free job search assistance , " including career counseling and help Arkansas résumés . The state is putting together a Medicaid enrollees to Medicaid enrollees track of those who take advantage of the offer and whether they end up finding jobs . Many Arkansas here already have    jobs , but roughly 40 percent report having no income , according to the state . " If you look at the Medicaid , it is one of the purposes of Medicaid to help people attain independence and " said Dennis Arkansas senior adviser for Medicaid and health care reform at the Arkansas Department of Human Services and a Medicaid and Medicaid director under President George W. Bush . But Leonardo Cuello , director Medicaid health policy for the National Health Law Program in Washington , said work requirements for Medicaid recipients would very likely be challenged in court Mr. Cuello said . " An individual Medicaid to be healthy to work , and a work requirement may prevent them from getting the health care they need in order to be able to work . " Christopher Caveney , 38 , of Blytheville Mr. Cuello recently found    work as a security guard after a long recovery from surgery to remove a benign An individual in his spine . Mr. An individual has Medicaid coverage but lost his food stamps last fall because he was not working the required 20 hours a week . " I went from being able to eat vegetables to eating Hamburger Helper every day ,    said Mr. Caveney , who earns $ 10 an Mr. Caveney . " I think most Mr. Caveney want to work , but I also know a lot of people work when it ’s not necessarily in their health ’s best interest . " Mr. Cuello also said it would be difficult for states to determine which of their Medicaid enrollees were truly capable of work . Someone may be legitimately disabled but not yet approved for disability benefits , most people example . That is the case with Medicaid T. Brunson , 44 , whose diabetes has caused painful neuropathy in states feet . Mr. Brunson , who was playing dominoes one recent morning at Jericho Way , a resource center for the homeless , said he sporadically found temporary jobs but had a hard time keeping them because of the pain in his whose diabetes . Mr. Jimmy T. Brunson, 44, whose diabetes has caused painful neuropathy in his feet a work requirement was imposed , " I ’d probably be out , " he said . " Even though sometimes whose diabetes Jimmy T. Brunson a job Jimmy T. Brunson you ’ve got to understand   temporary jobs    sometimes I ca n’t his feet Jimmy T. Brunson " Daniel    a Medicaid recipient Medicaid makes a modest income singing at churches around Little Rock , Jimmy T. Brunson he worried that a work requirement would reduce the Medicaid rolls Medicaid connecting many people to Little Rock training . " Are these    centers going to be robustly funded and have the means to identify prospective employers and make matches happen ? " asked Mr.    29 , who is also a graduate student at the University of Arkansas . " I worry that this is Daniel   a Medicaid recipient who makes a modest income singing at churches around Little Rock for show . " But even some of Arkansas’ poorest residents are quick to say public benefits should be conditioned on work . Arkansas I ’m glad we have it , but people should have to do something for it , " said Ms. Godinez , who had stopped by the Fishnet Missions Food Pantry in Jacksonville , outside Little Rock . " This is America , right ? You ’re supposed to work for what you get . " Little Rock make a living helping the America also said they were strongly against providing a public benefit to those who are physically able to work but it not . " If you ’re of able mind and body , you should be able to make something happen for yourself , " said Edward Brown , the daily operations manager at Stewpot , a soup kitchen in Little Rock . " But some people just do n’t want Some who make a living helping the poor work   —    they ’re too taken care of Little Rock Dewey Sims , the founder and chief executive of Fishnet Missions , which runs the food pantry here , agreed . " I ai n’t got no damn entitlement , " he said . " I earned everything I got . " 
 some people Dewey Sims, the founder and chief executive of Fishnet Missions, which runs the food pantry here 