Hillary Clinton ’s aides are denying reports that the Democratic presidential nominee was wearing an earpiece during the NBC presidential forum on Wednesday with Matt Lauer . [ After a story questioning the appearance of what looked to be small device in Hillary Clinton’s ’s ear was featured on the Drudge Report , Hillary Clinton’s staffers responded to campaign reporters currently on the trail with the candidate .    a story questioning the appearance of what looked to be small device in Clinton’s was also a trending topic on Twitter , as social media users buzzed about they social media users device in her ear . " Hillary Clinton’s spokesman Nick Merrill says Hillary Clinton’s was not wearing an earpiece last night , " ABC reporter Liz Kreutz informed her Hillary Clinton’s on Twitter after Twitter Hillary Clinton’s a press conference on the airport tarmac in New York . Clinton Hillary Clinton’s @NickMerrill says HRC was not wearing an earpiece last night last night —    Liz Kreutz ( @ABCLiz ) September 8 , 2016 ,   The report was confirmed by CNN ’s Dan Merica who cited a " Clinton Hillary Clinton’s spokesman . " Earlier on Thursday , Donald Trump ’s son Donald Trump Jr. tweeted out a link to a story that cited NYPD sources confirming that Clinton Hillary Clinton’s in fact wearing an earpiece . Was Hillary Wearing an Earpiece During Last Night ’s Presidential Forum ? https :   .   via @realalexjones ,   —    Donald Trump Jr. ( @DonaldJTrumpJr ) September 8 , 2016 ,   Two Clinton Hillary Clinton’s also denied the story in a story that cited NYPD sources confirming that Clinton was in fact wearing an earpiece questions from Fox News . Merrill later taunted Trump ’s son by tweeting out a picture of an airplane behind Clinton Hillary Clinton’s suggesting it was in her Hillary Clinton’s . . @DonaldJTrumpJr , @RealAlexJones : Guys , wanted to call your attention to the Boeing 737 in HRC ’s ear . # MSM ignoring . pic . twitter .    —    Nick Merrill ( @NickMerrill ) September 8 , 2016 ,   Matt Drudge also followed up with the story , revealing that a Senior NBC executive emailed him to dismiss rumors Matt Drudge an ear piece . Top NBCNEWS exec emails : Hillary ’earpiece’ is just unfortunate light effect , reflection .   https :   .    —    MATT DRUDGE ( @DRUDGE ) September 8 , 2016 , 
 