Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton is leading presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump by only two points in the latest nationwide Quinnipiac University poll . [   percent of voters favor Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton , while 40 percent prefer presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump .   Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton leads with women 50 percent to 33 percent , but presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump with men 47 percent to 34 percent . presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is also leading with white voters , while Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton leads with African Americans and Hispanics . Independent voters are slightly favoring presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump , with 36 percent liking the billionaire and 34 percent preferring Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton . According to the poll results , voters think Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton is better prepared than presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is to be president by 58 percent to 33 percent .    percent of voters to 33 percent says percent of voters to 33 percent is more intelligent while 46 percent to 43 percent say Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton holds higher moral standards . However , 45 percent to 37 percent of voters say presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is more trustworthy and honest .    percent , compared with Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton ’s 43 percent , believe presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump would be a stronger leader . Voters believes Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton would be better for immigration and foreign affairs , but that presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump is better at creating jobs and handling ISIS . The poll results found :    percent of those surveyed said percent of those surveyed think the 2016 election caused an increased level of prejudice and hatred in America , according to the poll , which found 61 percent blamed presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump and 16 percent blamed Clinton . " It would be difficult to imagine a less flattering     reaction to presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton " Quinnipiac University Poll assistant director Tim Malloy stated . " This is where we are . Voters find themselves in Voters middle of a    scorched earth campaign between two candidates they do Voters like . And they do Voters think either candidate would be a good president . " According to CNN , the Quinnipiac poll shows a closer race than a recent Washington    News and a NBC News   News Journal poll , which were both released on Sunday and found Clinton held a larger lead . CNN notes CNN The difference is primarily in the polls’ estimate of Clinton ’s standing Clinton the race : All three found Trump within the margin of error of the other estimates ( at 40 % in the Quinnipiac poll , 39 % in the Washington    News poll and 41 % in NBC News    Street Journal poll , no statistically significant differences there ) . But each of the three polls pegged Clinton ’s support as significantly different from the other two polls , with the low at 42 % in the Quinnipiac poll , 46 % in the NBC News    NBC News poll and the high of 51 % in Washington    News poll . The Quinnipiac University poll surveyed 1 , 610 voters from June 21st to June 27th via telephone interviews . The margin of error is plus or minus 2 . 4 percent . 
 