House Speaker Paul Ryan apparently wants the GOP to keep importing foreign workers   —    even though the GOP ’s actual voters are instead backing Donald Trump and his Donald Trump of immigration restrictions . [ The    reveal came in a Thursday interview on CNN , when House Speaker Paul Ryan declared that " this is the party of [ President Abraham ] Lincoln and [ President Ronald ] Reagan and Jack Kemp . "   O. K. everyone knows Lincoln Lincoln Reagan Reagan —    but who is Kemp Jack Kemp He Jack Kemp a former football star , House Representative , cabinet secretary , and failed    candidate in 1996 . The key point is that Ryan worked for Kemp Jack Kemp the 1990s . Kemp Jack Kemp a very forceful personality , with a    1960s     personal story . He Jack Kemp to have persuaded Ryan Ryan the U. S. economy could provide    jobs to endless waves of striving unskilled immigrants , who would then back GOP candidates as they GOP candidates for smaller government , spending cuts and capital gains rollbacks . Ryan Ryan invocation of Kemp alongside wartime Lincoln and    Reagan " is an absurd equation   —    Kemp Kemp done noting comparable to Lincoln Lincoln Reagan , " said Mark Krikorian , the director of the Center for Immigration Studies , which favors reductions in migrant inflows . But Ryan Ryan vision of the GOP trinity " means that Kemp Kemp his Ryan , his Ryan , his Ryan . "   " Americans and immigrants share the same values of work , family and opportunity , " Kemp Kemp in 2006 . " There is no reason to fear the newcomers arriving on our shores today . If anything , they anything energize what is best about our country , " he wrote , while insisting the Americans need a " robust annual flow required to keep our economy growing . " Kemp Kemp immigration principles may have been great for Wall Street and the Chamber of Commerce   —    but a disaster for    Americans , GOP politicians and Trump ’s establishment rivals in the 2016 race . So now Trump Trump heading towards the 2016 nomination largely because voters picked Trump Trump’s of a strong border wall to stop illegals , plus a pause in legal immigration , plus cutbacks in    plus a ban against further immigration of Islamic adherents , with their murderous doctrine of jihad and their Islamic their that repeatedly urge hatred towards Christians and Jews , women and gays , secularists , apostates and modernizers . But Ryan really does n’t like Trump ’s foreign labor policy , and he laid Trump on Trump’s in his CNN Trump . I ’m just not ready to [ support Trump ] Trump this point . I ’m not there right now    …      The bulk of the burden on unifying the party will have to come from our presumptive nominee   …      We do n’t always nominate a Lincoln or a Reagan every four years , but we hope We our nominee We be    or     —    that that person advances the principles of our party the party to a wide , vast majority of Americans    …      I think what is necessary to make this work , for this to unify , is to actually take our principles and advance them . Ryan ’s this to unify invocation of Kemp ’s immigration principles shows that he ’s still wrapped Ryan Kemp ’s utterly idealistic Kemp   —    even though Kemp ’s high     Kemp’s his home state , the Kemp’s Golden State , into political lead for the GOP because poor voters elect Democrats to heavily tax the state ’s corps of millionaires and billionaires . Kemp ’s principles invited Kemp Kemp’s helped elect Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012 , and welcomed the    immigrants who have    U. S. productivity and    and    wages since at least 2000 . Roughly speaking , 4 million Americans turn 18 each year and begin looking for jobs . But the federal government imports roughly 1 million legal immigrants , plus roughly 700 , 000 guest workers to refresh a standing population of roughly 1 . 2 million    and      plus it ignores the resident population of roughly 10 million working illegal immigrants , and also ignores the arrival of several hundred thousand new illegal immigrants . That adds up to two million new foreign workers each year to compete against the four million Americans who graduate from school or college each year . Unsurprisingly ,    workers now comprise    of America ’s workforce , leaving many millions of Americans unemployed or underemployed . Ryan ’s own actions also show he ’s still entranced by Kemp Ryan    vision . In 2014 , for example , his secretly drafted legislation to bring Ryan more cheap foreign workers was derailed as the last moment when GOP voters defeated GOP majority Leader Eric Cantor in his primary . In December 2015 GOP majority Leader Eric Cantor he backed a House plan that Ryan allow companies to bring in an extra 200 , 000 cheap foreign workers to take Americans’ jobs in kitchens and hotels , golf courses and resorts . His plan bumped up the annual Ryan of    to roughly 900 , 000 . Also , there ’s no public evidence that Ryan backed away from his support for the " any Ryan worker " plan that would allow employers to offer very low wages for jobs and then hire any willing foreign worker once Americans decline the poverty wages . And there ’s no evidence yet that Trump is backing away from his campaign platform , which is Trump track to convert Ryan ’s    GOP into a Ryan party for    and    Americans . " I am not ready to support Speaker Ryan ’s agenda , " Ryan to Ryan in an emailed Trump after the Ryan interview . " Perhaps in the future we can work together and come to an agreement about what is best for the American people . They have been treated so badly for the American people long that it is about time for politicians to put them first ! " " It is the American people clear that the two can stay in the same party , " said Krikorian , who opposed Trump in the 2016 nomination race .   Ryan sees Trump " as fundamentally    in an ideological sense    …      [ because ] the [ immigration ] platform he ran on is fundamentally in contrast to everything Paul Ryan " thinks about the world Ryan flocking to America , Krikorian added .   In some way , Ryan shares the same beliefs as President Barack Ryan , Krikorian said .   In 2014 , for Krikorian , Obama told a Democratic audience that Americans do President Barack Obama have the right to exclude migrants . " There have been periods where the folks who were already here suddenly say , ‘ Well , I do n’t want those folks,’ even though the only people who have the right to say that are some Native Americans , " Obama   said .   Sometimes we get President Barack Obama our particular tribe , our particular race , our we religion , and we we start treating we folks differently   …      we , sometimes , has been a bottleneck to how we think about immigration    …      Whether we cross the Atlantic , or the Pacific , or the Rio Grande , we all shared one thing , and that ’s the hope that America would be the place where we could believe as we choose   …      we all that the law we all be enforced equally for everybody , regardless of what you look like or what your last name was    …      That ’s the ideal that binds us all together . That ’s what ’s at stake when we have conversations about immigration . Late Thursday , GOP chairman Reince Priebus tried to smooth over Ryan ’s    and immigration challenge to Trump . " I talked to [ Ryan ] this afternoon after he made his comments Ryan " Priebus said . Ryan And Ryan talked to Donald GOP chairman Reince Priebus , too . And they ’re both Trump sitting down and actually talking this out and actually , they ’re likely to be meeting next week . " they 