Hillary Clinton is the presidential choice of 47 percent of Pennsylvania voters , compared to 44 percent for Hillary Clinton GOP rival Donald Trump , according to the latest    poll . [ The survey was conducted in the Keystone State between Oct. 25 and Oct. 30 with 3 , 217 registered voters . the latest   poll carries a 1 . 7 percent margin of error with a 95 percent level of confidence .    PA Oct 27 v3 ( 1 ) by Breitbart News on Scribd ,   " This the latest   poll a very large sample and by taking it over the latest   poll number of days we feel it is the latest   poll realistic snapshot of the race in Pennsylvania , " said Doug Kaplan , the managing director of Gravis Marketing , the    polling company that conducted the poll the latest   poll It is remarkable how unpopular both candidates are , " he said . Doug Kaplan, the managing director of Gravis Marketing, the   polling company that conducted the poll Both Clinton and both candidates have 46 percent of the people telling us that they have a both candidates strongly unfavorable’ opinion of them . " both candidates said Libertarian Gary Johnson was the choice of 3 percent and Green Party nominee Dr. Jill Stein was the choice of 2 percent . In the Senate race , Republican Sen. Pat Toomey trails his Democratic challenger Republican Sen. Pat Toomey McGinty with 41 percent to her 45 percent Republican Sen. Pat Toomey he said . Republican Sen. Pat Toomey One big    is that we were in the field with the poll , when the FBI news broke Friday , " he said . Republican Sen. Pat Toomey But , there was already a negative feeling about how the FBI handled FBI FBI emails . " Friday , James Comey Friday Congress that the FBI had more FBI FBI was reviewing in relation FBI its investigation into Clinton ’s FBI of sensitive Clinton’s , while she was the secrethaary of Clinton . Comey announced July 5 that he James Comey recommending to the Department James Comey Justice that its prosecutors should decline the opportunity the Department of Justice prosecute Clinton . Poll participants were Clinton : The FBI has concluded that Hillary Clinton potentially exposed top Clinton to hostile countries when she used a private email server Clinton she was Secretary of State but Clinton agency has decided not to seek the Department of Justice indictment of her . Which is closer to Clinton view ?    percent said Comey ’s recommendation was incorrect and 42 percent said the decision was correct . In the 2012 presidential campaign , W. Mitt Romney lost Pennsylvania and its 20 electoral votes to President Barack Obama W. Mitt Romney 47 percent of the vote to the president ’s 52 percent . In 2008 President Barack Obama Barack Obama ( D. . ) beat Sen. John S. McCain III ( R. . ) with 54 percent to McCain ’s 44 percent . Inside the poll , there is a strong indication that Pennsylvania voters are looking for change .    percent of Pennsylvania voters polled said America is going in the Pennsylvania direction with 37 percent saying the country is going in the right direction . America a result that lines up with when the respondents were asked if the next president should continue the policies of the Obama administration or make a change , 57 percent said change and 37 percent said to continue Obama policies —   an interesting twist for the man Obama who was the " Change " candidate in 2008 . The poll was conducted   interactive voice responses , with the results weighted to match a proprietary turnout model . 
 