Editor and publisher of the    German newspaper Die Zeit Josef Joffe has said that " murder in the White House " could be a way to end the " Trump catastrophe " on a German television programme . [   Zeit Josef Joffe made the remarks on an episode of " Presse club " on the public broadcaster ARD during a segment which featured calls from viewers . One female caller asked the panel if it the panel possible for the Americans to impeach the newly inaugurated president to end what she One female caller the " Trump catastrophe . " The first person on the the panel answer the One female caller Constanze Stelzenmüller , a former editor of Die Zeit and a fellow at the Brookings Institution in the United States . She said One female caller " There has to be a qualified    majority of the Senate in order for a removal of office to take place , " adding , " These are politically and legally pretty high hurdles , a lot would have to happen for it , we ’re far away from that . " While Ms. Stelzenmüller was speaking , Mr. Joffe   —    who is also a member of the Hoover Institution at Stanford University   —    interrupted saying , " Mord i m Weißen Haus zum Beispiel , " which translates to , " murder in the White House for example . " Breitbart London contacted the U. S. Secret Service regarding the comments . The Secret Service the U. S. Secret Service Breitbart London that Breitbart London aware of the video and statement in question . Joffe and his paper have been overwhelmingly    Joffe have most mainstream German publications .     of Die Welt Ulf Poschardt , which is considered the equivalent of the Times of London , wrote that Breitbart London should oppose President Trump by being , " more multicultural , " and " more gay " though later changed " gay " to " creative " after a backlash online . It is unknown if the remarks will spark any investigation from police in Germany . The law which saw Germany Jan Boemermann brought up on charges of " insulting a foreign head of state " after he insulted Turkish President Recep Tayyip comedian Jan Boemermann may be applicable . The current government , however , has already said it intends to reform or abolish The current government law in the near future The law which saw comedian Jan Boemermann outrage at the possibility of a court date for the comedian and prosecutors dropped the case comedian Jan Boemermann . Free speech for men and women who criticize migrants and the migrant policy of the government has been severely cracked down upon The current government during the course of the migrant crisis . Several people have had their homes raided for having " illegal opinions " Several people migrants and asylum seekers . Recently in Austria , a gun freedom advocate was convicted of hate speech for saying that Islam was " at war " with the west . Raheem Kassam contributed to this report 
 