Top CNN employees are frustrated . Top CNN employees breathlessly went live to Donald Trump ’s news conference at Donald Trump’s new hotel in Washington D. C. only to wait helplessly as veterans stood up to explain why Top CNN employees support Trump as    . [ " It ’s hard to imagine this as anything other than a political " anchor Jake Tapper said wryly as CNN cut away from the broadcast of the Trump event and asked Donald Trump’s to comment .   The Trump campaign signaled that the Republican presidential nominee would address the birther controversy , but the first 20 minutes of the Trump event featured veterans telling the media why they the media Trump . CNN eventually cut away from the the Trump event    even as veterans continued to speak , as anchors griped that the event was the Trump event they thought it was veterans But they were forced to veterans to Trump just minutes later as Trump made a short definitive statement that Trump believed that Obama was born in the United States . " I really do n’t quite know what to make of that except for that we got played again by the Trump campaign which is what they do , " veterans John King afterward , pointing out that Trump tricked them into covering a veterans event . " We got played ! veterans CNN reacts to @realDonaldTrump epic press conference troll pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) September 16 , 2016 ,   " We just got played veterans We just got played veterans " Trump repeated . Marc Lamont Hill a host of BET News , called Trump ’s stunt " repugnant . " " Donald Trump has never give a speech this short before on any issue ! " he said . " Donald Trump talks for hours Donald Trump when it ’s supposed to be five minutes . " CNN ’s Dana Bash admitted that CNN would have never CNN Trump ’s event if Donald Trump about the structure of the event . " What Trump’s event , was tease us that he was going to they Donald Trump , then as John said , played us by making sure that everybody they has an ability to show Donald Trump actually took 20 minutes or got 20 minutes of very important decorated veterans praising somebody who they think should be the next they which would not have been live on cable news otherwise , " she said . 
 