PARIS   —    France ’s embattled    presidential candidate , François Fillon , defiantly vowed on Wednesday to stay in the race , even as he announced that he would be formally charged in a widening embezzlement investigation . Mr. Fillon ’s announcement , made at a news conference , added another element of uncertainty to an already unsettled campaign and increased the likelihood that France’s presidential race would be fought by two candidates from neither of the traditional mainstream parties . With formal charges looming that Mr. Mr. Fillon’s his wife Mr. Fillon’s children hundreds of thousands of euros from the public payroll for little or no work , most analysts consider his chances Mr. Fillon’s making it past the first round on April 23 in France ’s    election to be diminished . That would leave the field open to the    candidate of the National Front , Marine Le Pen , whose rise in polls has sent jitters through financial markets and immigrant suburbs . Her likely contender is Emmanuel Macron , the former economy minister , who is running as the candidate of his own political movement . Mr. Macron Emmanuel Macron, the former economy minister, who is running as the candidate of his own political movement currently the favorite to defeat Ms. Le Pen , 48 , in the second round on May 7 . But Mr. Macron , a former Emmanuel Macron, the former economy minister, who is running as the candidate of his own political movement politically . His centrist program , some of it in line with the Emmanuel Macron, the former economy minister, who is running as the candidate of his own political movement government he served , is viewed as unappealing to parts of the Emmanuel Macron, the former economy minister, who is running as the candidate of his own political movement electorate . The momentum , in most of the polls , is with her . A top National Front official , Florian Philippot , used a television interview after Mr. Fillon ’s appearance largely to attack Mr. Macron   —    a clear indication that Ms. Le Pen already considers him her principal opponent . Even as Mr. Fillon , 62 Mr. Fillon’s Ms. Le Pen increasingly being written off , he has doubled down on his defense , yielding no ground Mr. Fillon’s his critics . " Mr. Fillon’s ’s Fillon ’s final bet , Mr. Fillon’s said Laurent Bouvet , a political scientist at the University of Versailles St.    . " He ’s playing all or nothing . The right , the Mr. Fillon’s of the right , the one that elected him and does n’t want Le Pen to sweep the stakes Mr. Fillon’s his bet is they wo n’t abandon him , in spite Le Pen all his legal problems . " Le Pen another country , the shadow Le Pen over Mr. Fillon would most likely end a campaign for the highest office . But in France , legal problems , even serious ones , rarely end political careers , even though the electorate appears to be showing   —    in polls , at least   —    less tolerance than previously for accommodating financial misdeeds in high places . Even if he were to step aside , his    Republican Party has Mr. Fillon good options . Mr. Fillon Mr. Fillon two main challengers in the party primary both Mr. Fillon the shadow of past and current investigations . The    in the primary , Alain Juppé , was convicted in a phony jobs scheme undertaken while he worked at City Hall several decades ago . Nicolas Sarkozy , Mr. Fillon former president , who finished third , is the subject of multiple investigations , and in February , he was ordered to stand trial on charges of illegally financing his Mr. Fillon 2012 presidential campaign . But Mr. Fillon ’s problems , Mr. Fillon and future , are different . Mr. Fillon as the candidate of probity . That image has been shattered Mr. Fillon And the sums reported to have been pocketed by his wife have shocked the French . Ms. Le Pen is not untainted Mr. Fillon corruption accusations . But her legal difficulties , for now , have hardly dented her standing in Ms. Le Pen polls   —    partly because she has never Ms. Le Pen an image of virtue , and partly because her Ms. Le Pen adversary is the European Parliament in Strasbourg , in which she Ms. Le Pen and which is widely unpopular , especially among her supporters . Ms. Le Pen legal troubles are also more complex than Mr. Fillon Ms. Le Pen , and Ms. Le Pen is not suspected of having personally benefited from any of the alleged Ms. Le Pen wrongdoing . Last week , a top Le Pen aide was charged in an alleged phony jobs scheme . The aide was paid out of Parliament money but was thought to have a top Le Pen aide time working for the National Front . Another close associate of Ms. Ms. Le Pen Pen ’s , Frédéric Chatillon , has been charged with violating Le Pen . Mr. Chatillon ’s ties to extremist groups on the far right have been closely documented in Frédéric Chatillon news media as well . Ms. Le Pen , invoking her parliamentary immunity , has refused a summons from the police who want to question her in the alleged phony jobs scheme , eliciting harsh criticism from government officials who accuse her her holding herself above the law . Like Mr. Fillon , she could still be formally her . She her Mr. Fillon have struck remarkably similar defenses as her accusations have piled up around them her Both Mr. Fillon news media as well as the judicial system and civil servants for their She and Mr. Fillon . She and Mr. Fillon Sunday , in a fiery speech in the western city of Nantes , Ms. the judicial system and civil servants Pen lashed out at judges , the legal system , civil servants and the news media , in a manner very similar to Mr. Fillon ’s on Wednesday   —    and for that matter , President Trump ’s in the United States . Ms. Le Pen said all of them were working in concert to undermine her . " The rule Ms. Le Pen the opposite of government by judges , " Ms. Le Pen told Ms. Le Pen cheering supporters . " Judges exist to apply the law , " she said , Ms. Le Pen subvert the will Ms. Le Pen the people . " On Wednesday , Mr. Fillon struck a defiant Ms. Le Pen in front of the reporters at his campaign headquarters in Paris , proclaiming his innocence and denouncing what he said was an unfair judicial and news media campaign Mr. Fillon to destroy his candidacy . " Mr. Fillon did n’t embezzle any Mr. Fillon , " Mr. Fillon told reporters . " I employed   — Mr. Fillon like almost a third of the members of Parliament   — Mr. Fillon members because I knew I could count on their loyalty and competence . They helped me , and I will prove it . " " From the beginning , " he family members , " I have family members been treated as an ordinary suspect . " And he insisted : " The rule of law has been systematically violated . The press has been an echo chamber for the prejudices he the prosecutors . " Mr. Fillon said angrily that the presidential election was being " assassinated , " and he announced his determination to stay in it he " only the voters can decide who will be president . " The judicial he have he steadily tightening on Mr. the presidential election since newspaper reports in January   —    especially those in the satirical weekly Le Canard Enchaîné   —    said that he he and his deputy had paid his wife hundreds of thousands of euros in state funds for a possible    job , and that his he had he benefited from the he of Mr. Fillon , a former prime minister . In addition , Mr. Fillon is being scrutinized he suspicion of trafficking a high civilian honor , Mr. Fillon money to his wife from a wealthy publisher friend . On Wednesday , in front of dozens of aides and members of his    party , Mr. Fillon told reporters he would answer Mr. Fillon March 15 summons by the magistrates in the case , after which he is expected to be charged formally Mr. Fillon The investigation will Mr. Fillon Mr. Fillon could Mr. Fillon stand trial , or the magistrates could drop the charges . Circumstances look increasingly unfavorable Mr. Fillon him . In an article published on a March 15 summons by the magistrates in the case, after which he is expected to be charged formally Mr. Fillon ’s Mr. Fillon , the French newspaper Le Monde described him the magistrates " candidate in a bunker " who was hunched Mr. Fillon and in his shell . It noted that Mr. Fillon took the train for campaign trips out of fear of being Mr. Fillon out by protesters . He is often met by protesters banging pots , or Mr. Fillon casseroles " in French the French newspaper Le Monde Mr. Fillon    a slang term for corruption affairs . Sometimes the placards read , " Fake jobs for everybody Mr. Fillon " 
 