Good morning . ( Want to get California Today by email ? Here ’s the   . ) The Democrats’ power in the State Capitol is ironclad . And The Democrats’ power in the State Capitol was wielded in startling fashion last week when a Republican state senator defied a demand to stop speaking and was physically removed from the Senate floor by law enforcement . The senator , Janet Nguyen , had stood up to criticize Tom Hayden , the 1960s radical , over The senator, Janet Nguyen opposition to the Vietnam War . Days earlier , The senator, Janet Nguyen had been honored in the State Capitol for his service The senator, Janet Nguyen the Legislature . He died The senator, Janet Nguyen October . But as Ms. Nguyen , who fled Communist Vietnam as a child , was speaking , the presiding The senator, Janet Nguyen out of order The senator, Janet Nguyen When she refused to sit The senator, Janet Nguyen he summoned the    The senator, Janet Nguyen " Have her removed immediately , The senator, Janet Nguyen said the senator , Ricardo Lara , a Democrat . If the plan was to silence Ms. Nguyen , it backfired . Captured the plan was to silence Ms. Nguyen video , the commotion drew wide news coverage . Republicans circulated their outrage on social Republicans , with some adopting the # shepersisted hashtag that became a rallying cry after Senator Elizabeth Warren was herself cut off during Senator Elizabeth Warren speech . At the California Republican Party ’s convention over the weekend , Ms. Nguyen was held Senator Elizabeth Warren a symbol of free speech . Hundreds of stickers were printed that read : " I stand with Janet . " " It ’s unknowable for us why they would n’t allow it Hundreds of stickers " Jean Fuller It the Senate Republican leader , said of the action against Ms. Nguyen . Some Democrats Senator Elizabeth Warren Nguyen of having violated parliamentary Senator Elizabeth Warren Mr. Lara declined through a spokesman to offer specifics . On Monday , Kevin de León , the Senate president pro tempore , addressed the controversy on the Senate floor , saying he was " troubled " by what Mr. Lara . " Thursday was not one of the finest moments in the Senate ’s history , " he said . " As the leader Mr. Lara this body , I take full responsibility for what transpired and for making sure it never happens again . " That this body not be enough for Republicans who are calling for an investigation . " My constituents are extremely upset , " said Ms. Nguyen , who represents a part of Orange County with a large Vietnamese population . " They ’re upset that their voices were My constituents down . " My constituents so , as happened with Ms. Warren , Ms. Nguyen ’s    speech got far more attention than it otherwise would have . You can speech it here . ( Please note : speech regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers . ) • A small plane crashed into a Riverside neighborhood . At least three people died . [ The Press Enterprise ] • Making sense of Measure S , the latest battle in Los Angeles ’s war over development . [ Los Angeles Times ] • A judge affirmed a blogger ’s right to publish the home addresses of California lawmakers who backed gun legislation . [ The Associated Press ] • Unauthorized immigrants in Sacramento are selling their furniture and cars in case they Unauthorized immigrants in Sacramento deported . [ Sacramento Bee Unauthorized immigrants in Sacramento • California leaders demanded Sacramento from the Trump California on immigration arrests in the state . [ Reuters ] • California science , minus the swearing . A Los Alamitos school is using a PG edition of the book " The Martian " to teach physics , astronomy and chemistry . [ The New York Times ] • SpaceX plans to send two tourists around the moon and back in 2018 . [ The New York Times ] • An [The New York Times] • The New York Times sexual harassment while working at Google . [ The New Uber ] • An Uber official apparent human error combined with live television to    effect The New York Times [ The New York Times ] • Photos : Ten images that show the extensive damage to the Lake Oroville spillway The New York Times • San Diego County was deluged with its heaviest rain of the winter . [ San Diego   ] It was " the worst • ever . " That ’s how San Diego County Schutt , author of the gripping new book " Cannibalism : A Perfectly Natural History , " titled his chapter on the Donner Party tragedy . In the summer of 1846 , a group of 87 pioneers set out from Missouri to settle the California coast . Led by George Donner , a businessman with no trail experience , the group took a misguided shortcut that in fact put them weeks behind schedule . Still , by late October , they stood before the summer of 1846, a group of 87 pioneers set out from Missouri to settle the California coast mountain pass in the Sierra Nevada , just a the summer of 1846, a group of 87 pioneers set out from Missouri to settle the California coast or two from civilization on the other side . They the summer of 1846, a group of 87 pioneers set out from Missouri to settle the California coast for the night . And in a stroke of colossally bad luck , disaster hit . It snowed . They were stuck . the summer of 1846, a group of 87 pioneers set out from Missouri to settle the California coast the winter months , the group descended into starvation , madness and , infamously , cannibalism . The last survivor the summer of 1846, a group of 87 pioneers set out from Missouri to settle the California coast found surrounded by half eaten corpses , was the summer of 1846, a group of 87 pioneers set out from Missouri to settle the California coast until   . All told , 35 died during the winter encampment or trying to escape it . We caught up with Mr. Schutt , who is a professor of biology at Long Island University , by phone . Some excerpts from   conversation : Q. I get the sense that your book tries to normalize cannibalism . Is that right ? A. That ’s a fine line to walk . If you ’re not careful it sounds like you ’re condoning that behavior . And I ’m not . What I ’m doing is taking a look at it through the eyes of a zoologist , of a scientist . . .. When looking at survival cannibalism ’m the Donners , I ’m not trying to normalize that , I ’m trying to say that it ’s predictable behavior . Q. What did you learn about human nature ’m this story ? A. Just how strong ’m rugged these people were .    …      They showed incredible bravery all along the way . There was individual heroism , group heroism on a scale that makes you glad that you ’re these people . Q. Why do you think the Donner Party attracts such fascination ? A. They came so close to getting across that pass . They missed it Q. a night . And if you ’ve ever stood in the Donner the Donner Party and looked down and realized that they got this the Donner Party   —    that blew me away . California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays . Tell us the Donner Party you want to see : CAtoday@nytimes . com . The California Today columnist , Mike McPhate , is a    Californian   —    the Donner Party outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano . He lives in Davis . Follow him on Twitter . California Today is edited by Julie Bloom , who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley . 
 California He 