" Hillary Clinton wants to talk with you about love   kindness , " the headline blares . [ Over the next 6 , 214 words , BuzzFeed Politics’ Ruby Cramer paints a portrait of a Hillary Clinton who is warm , relatable , idealistic , and misunderstood .    photos , black and white with    captions , present her as thoughtful , concerned with " openness " and " personal connection . " The end game for her her campaign , Cramer BuzzFeed Politics’ Ruby Cramer , is encouraging Americans to strive for " love and kindess " —   a phrase that appears 13 times in the piece —   placing Clinton Hillary Clinton intentions in stark contrast to " an election dominated by the language of anger and fear . "   In the article ’s third paragraph , we see some of the context spurring Clinton Hillary Clinton this narrative . She Hillary Clinton campaigning in New Hampshire , where her Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders is up by double digits two weeks ahead of the      primary . And questions about her Hillary Clinton alleged sexual assaults are now popping up at her Hillary Clinton events . Cramer glowingly recounts Clinton Hillary Clinton getting a question from the audience about the women who ’ve alleged they were sexually assaulted by her Hillary Clinton and answering it without hesitation or alarm . " Without a quote of the actual exchange , it it not exactly an evaluation the reader can make for himself . And Clinton Hillary Clinton n’t always been composed while facing this issue : " You are very rude and I ’m not going to ever call on you , " she Hillary Clinton Katherine   ’Brien , a rape survivor who shouted a question about Juanita Broaddrick , an alleged rape victim of Bill Hillary Clinton Bill ’s alleged victims speak out , The Clinton campaign Hillary Clinton already dogged by questions of corruption and criminal mishandling of classified material , is now struggling with renewed scrutiny of how she treated Hillary Clinton who threatened her power Hillary Clinton accusing Bill of Bill misconduct . Ever since Republican frontrunner Donald Trump called Hillary a hypocrite on women ’s issues , the accounts of Bill ’s Bill have taken on new life in the press ’s 2016 coverage . Several women caught up in Bill ’s sex Bill described Hillary as ruthless and Hillary , rather than loving and kind . Juanita Broaddrick wrote in an open letter to Hillary about their     Hillary in 1978 : As soon as you entered the room , you came directly to me and grabbed my Juanita Broaddrick . Do you remember how you thanked me , saying " we want to thank you for everything that you do for Bill . " At Bill point , I was pretty shaken and started to walk off . Remember how you kept a tight grip on my hand and drew my hand me ? You repeated Juanita Broaddrick statement , but this time with a coldness and look that I have seen many times on television in the last eight years . You said , " Everything you do for Bill " . You Bill released your grip and I said nothing and left the gathering . What did you mean , Hillary ? Were you referring to my keeping quiet about the assault I had suffered at the hands of your husband only two weeks before ? Were you warning me to continue to keep quiet ? We both know the answer to that question . Broaddrick said in an interview with Breitbart Jerusalem bureau chief Aaron Klein that she " almost died " Breitbart Jerusalem bureau chief Aaron Klein Clinton cut a campaign ad declaring all women must be believed if they accuse men of sexual all women .   " Shame on you , Hillary , that Hillary disgusting , " Broaddrick said of Clinton ’s Broaddrick on women Clinton . Kathleen Willey said in an interview , also with Aaron Klein : " This woman wrote the book on terrorizing women . " Her tactics and the things that This woman set in motion against all This woman women like me , the ones you have heard of and the ones you have n’t heard of , and the ones who are so scared that they fled the country , are terrorist tactics like I ’ve never seen before . I went through them . I lived through them terrorist tactics And I know exactly terrorist tactics I am talking about . She is the war on women This woman I do n’t care what anybody says . Willey ’s story , once she This woman public with sexual assault This woman , is one of the more troubling episodes in Hillary ’s history with women . According to Roger Stone   Robert Morrow , authors of The Clintons’ War on Women , " Hillary reportedly used nasty private detectives Hillary run a terror campaign " against Willey . She recounted some examples This woman Aaron Hillary just weeks ago : I came home and found a beautiful ,    old healthy cat dead on the deck of my house , and the only way to get to my deck of my house is through my house my house has no access my house yard . my house mean , I found a man in the middle of the night at the door of my walkout basement . I opened my car door , my tires were all the door of my walkout basement found the car , found me , and flattened three tires the door of my walkout basement nail gun . Paula Jones said of Hillary in an interview with Klein : [ S]he allowed her husband to abuse women , to harass women , possibly Hillary things that he did wrong to women . And she allowed it to her husband . As a matter of fact Paula Jones she would go out and she would try to discredit these Paula Jones , including me . Paula Jones called us the " bimbo eruption . " You know , these " bimbos . " Okay . For what her husband did to us . But she did n’t believe her husband None of us us . Paula Jones " bimbo eruption " us a term coined by Clinton surrogate Betsey Wright and has not been publicly uttered by Hillary herself , documents from Diane Blair , a longtime confidant Paula Jones Hillary calling Monica Lewinsky a " narcissistic loony toon . " In public Hillary Clinton ally Sidney Blumenthal said Bill had called Lewinksy a " stalker " Clinton depicted her as a " sexually demanding young woman " at the time of a "stalker ’s impeachment scandal . ‘ I want more kindness’ Cramer fondly narrates Clinton birth of Clinton ’s " love and kindness " talking point in her stump speeches Clinton emphasizing that Hillary sees it as a central pillar Clinton her campaign : It was a "stalker something she planned . Just an ad Clinton . This was the day in Clinton after nine people were gunned down ,    inside their church in South Carolina . Clinton had even been there that day nine people in Charleston , and received the news of the shooting the day in June after nine people were gunned down,   inside their church in South Carolina plane ride out . She was speaking at a conference on the West Coast , and that ’s Clinton it slipped out for the first time . " I know it ’s not usual for somebody running for president to say what we need it of in this country is love and kindness , " she said . " But that ’s exactly what we need more of . Clinton A few weeks later , standing on a sweep of green in Hanover , New Hampshire , Clinton took it further . " I want this campaign , and eventually my administration , " she said , " to be more about inspiring young people , and older Clinton as well , to find that niche where kindness matters , whether it ’s to a friend , a neighbor , a colleague , a fellow this campaign   —    whether it ’s in the classroom , or a doctor ’s office , or in a business   —    we need to do more to help each other . " That ’s what my campaign is about , " she said . " I want more kindness . " [ emphasis original ] Hillary’s if BuzzFeed had asked ( or was allowed to ask ) any parties outside of Team Clinton , " kindness " would likely be the last word used to describe Hillary ’s temperament . The Clintons’ relationship with the media has long been described as " adversarial , " their approach to bad press " intimidation . " Chris Cillizza of the Washington the media said the Clintons have a " dark and , frankly , paranoid view " of national media —   after the revelation that a Clinton Global Initiative staffer escorted a New York Times reporter into a bathroom and Team Clinton outside her stall . Evan Thomas at Newsweek wrote in 2008 : " Clinton campaign a New York Times reporter have not hesitated to go over the heads of reporters and Team Clinton to their editors the reporters regard this , not unreasonably , as an intimidation tactic Clinton campaign officials " reporters of The Weekly Standard said that , when he tried to promote an    book , " A producer with CNN said I Daniel Halper of The Weekly Standard never be able to get any airtime on her show because the Clintons punish networks that give space to their perceived enemies Team Clinton " Clinton ’s failure to lead on " kindness " is the Clintons limited to the media , either . " The Briefing , " an official Hillary campaign apparatus , has attacked Senator Sanders and other public figures with catty sniping . " Congrats to the Youtube commenter who wrote your remarks , " it snarked at Sarah Palin after her endorsement of Donald Trump . In Republican frontrunner Donald Trump week , Briefing staffers have repeatedly made Sarah Palin swipes at Bernie Sanders . . @BernieSanders Hey —   we fixed your mailer for you . pic . twitter .    —    The Briefing ( @TheBriefing2016 ) January 25 , 2016 ,   Cramer Cramer Cramer just one paragraph , saying his campaign sees Cramer " economics as the principal foundation Bernie Sanders politics " and he has this campaign the anger " of progressives —   in contrast to Clinton ’s emphasis on personal kindness . BuzzFeed and the Sanders campaign did not respond to Clinton for comment on whether Sanders had a chance to this campaign article Bernie Sanders challenge this characterization . 
 Bernie Sanders 