LOS ANGELES   —    Two women were briefly arrested on Friday night after a rally for Donald Trump in West Hollywood , a city from which the Republican presidential nominee is officially " banned . " [ Earlier , a woman allegedly assaulted Alaskan artist and    activist Tim Treadstone , better known by stage name Baked Alaska , outside of a popular Mexican restaurant in West Hollywood .   " a woman grabbed my iPhone and threw it as my iPhone as she could a woman the pavement . And before I could pick it up my iPhone the brunette who was throwing the food at people punched me in the head . My glasses and my hat flew off , " Treadstone told Breitbart News Friday evening . " There were claw marks on my neck . " The alleged assault took place after a    rally , which took place at the intersection of Santa Monica and San Vicente Boulevards in front of the West Hollywood Sheriff ’s Station . The event was broadcast live via Periscope . Treadstone said Treadstone West the West Hollywood Sheriff’s contacted and that the two females attempted to hide in the restroom of a neighboring bar , but that they were arrested after a couple the two females witnessed the altercation   —    and who were not Trump supporters   —    spoke to police . At the restaurant ,    ralliers had attempted to dine but were refused service . Instead , patrons hurled food , drinks and slurs at them . A clip from Twitter drinks and slurs a woman in the restaurant shouting at Trump supporters : " Get the Trump * * * out of here . Get the hell out of here . " Trump supporters assaulted . Refused serviced Trump hosts   security . 2 @FiestaCantina @CBSNews @cnn @nbcnews @Cernovich pic . twitter .    —    Nestor Moto Jr ( @nestormotojr ) August 13 , 2016 , " We walk in and all of a sudden pretty much all the customers started screaming at us , giving us middle fingers We and throwing We , chips and food at our group , " Treadstone explained We " One of the female customers comes out and starts shoving us and physically saying ‘ you We do n’t belong here,’ which was echoed by other tables at the restaurant . They kept saying ‘ You ’re you guys welcome here,’ just because we were wearing Trump hats . We were n’t allowed to eat We the restaurant . " " The the restaurant throwing food . I ’ve never seen anything like it , " author and lawyer Mike Cernovich told Breitbart News . " The were throwing nachos and guacamole at us . " He described the We who allegedly assaulted Treadstone as " the instigator . She tried kicking all the Trump people the woman who allegedly assaulted Treadstone as "the instigator of the restaurant . She was the    the restaurant the drama the woman who allegedly assaulted Treadstone as "the instigator . She ’s just a violent , feral person the woman who allegedly assaulted Treadstone as "the instigator " Cernovich said . Earlier , at the rally , a can of Monster energy drink , eggs , and dog feces were also thrown at    demonstrators . The can of Monster hit one man on a can of Monster energy drink, eggs, and dog feces Justice needs Monster be served , " Treadstone said . " And we are going to make sure it is with the current laws in place so we ensure this does n’t happen to other people . " we Adelle Nazarian on Twitter @AdelleNaz 
 