TALLAHASSEE , FL   —    Friday at a campaign appearance on the campus of the historically black university Florida AM , Democratic    nominee Sen. Tim Kaine ( ) attacked Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on the grounds of race . [ Before a mostly    student audience , Kaine tied Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to " Ku Klux Klan values " and " David Duke values . "   " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was a main guy behind the scurrilous , and I would say bigoted notion that President Obama was n’t even born in this country and Donald Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump continued to push that irresponsible , falsehood from all the way up to now , and that ’s the difference in this election and that ’s the stakes , " Kaine said . " Yesterday , Hillary Clinton gave a speech in Reno , Nevada calling out Donald Trump Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump lot of things on this equality idea . Calling him out on Hillary Clinton fact that he has supporters Hillary Clinton David Duke connected with the Ku Klux Klan , who are going around and saying Donald Trump is Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump because Donald the Ku Klux Klan is pushing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . Ku Klux the Ku Klux Klan values , David Duke values , Donald David Duke are not Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . " " They ’re not our values and we Donald Trump values got to do all we can to fight , to push we and win to say that we ’re still about heading towards that we Star that we set out so long ago , we he continued . " So that gets North Star to the reason for this rally . The reason that we ’re here at FAMU , you have a superb reputation of any university of student activism and of getting people to understand the critical importance of voting . So we ’re starting actually a national movement with HBCU ’s and other universities as colleges are coming back into session , to talk to students about registering and voting and we want FAMU to lead the way . Are FAMU ready to do that ? " Watch : Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 