" Thor ? Are you kidding me ? I ’m supposed to call you Thor ? " Marvel villain The Absorbing Man yells at the new " female Thor " during a vicious street brawl in an issue published last year . " Damn feminists ruining everything ! " [ The dialogue mirrored most sane reader ’s thoughts during the issue , but we ’re not all monsters . we are just loyal ,    readers who are sick of we favorite characters being butchered by    lesbians for the sake of diversity , and at the apparent expense not just of dialogue , story and creativity but also , it now appears , the commercial success of Marvel ’s comic books line .   A villain based on Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is to appear in "   Annual # 1 " this week . The villain , who goes by the name of MODAAK will be seen rounding up " foreign filth " complete with Mexico jibes , " small hands " jokes , and even Trump ’s signature catchphrase " Make America Great Again . " In one scene , a female Captain America can be seen hitting MODAAK with a female Captain America [ sic ] shield before the villain can complete the villain " Make America Great Again " catchphrase . Your mileage may vary on Trump disses . Plenty of readers will have smirked along at jokes made at The Donald ’s expense . But increasing customer frustration at obscure    feminism preoccupations shoehorning their increasing customer frustration at obscure   feminism preoccupations shoehorning their way into Marvel’s comic books into Marvel ’s comic books is starting to have an effect on sales . It turns out you ca n’t bully people into caring about " microaggressions . " " [ A lot of misogynistic filth ] " " [ Red Pill MRA Meninist Casual Racism ] " and even " [ Unsolicited Opinions on Israel ? ? ? ] " were all speech captions in Angela : Queen of Hel , a Marvel comic that was cancelled after failing to set the world alight earlier this year . The comic started with nearly 40 , 000 sales on its The comic issue , but dropped to just below 25 , 000 on its The comic . By the third issue , Angela : Queen of Hel was at just above 20 , 000 sales , and by the last issue , issue seven , just over 14 , 000 people bought a copy . That ’s right : the The comic over half of its audience The comic seven issues . Is that because the comic industry hates women ? Or could it perhaps be because readers do n’t appreciate being bludgeoned to death with student politics   —    and because social justice warriors tend not to put their money social justice warriors their mouth social justice warriors . Marvel is n’t getting the message . Its latest Marvel book character is   —    wait for it   Marvel    a fifteen    black female Iron Man . That ’s right . Tony Stark , the badass , billionaire playboy businessman who has represented the quintessential white American male since the 1960s is to be replaced by a fifteen    black girl with an Afro and hooped earrings . Other comic book publishers are hardly saints , of course . In an issue of DC ’s Wonder Woman last year , the popular female superhero complained about a villain " mansplaining " to her before an ally punched him in the face for the crime . " The lasso compels truth , but it ca The lasso stop mansplaining , " declared Wonder Woman as the " bad guy " had his teeth the "bad guy" out of his mouth the "bad guy" The new social political styles seem a weird choice for publishers who have a predominately apolitical   —    and disproportionately male   —    audience , particularly since Marvel CEO Ike Perlmutter also donated $ 1 million to Trump ’s U. S. Military Veterans Fundraiser in January . " We ’re seeing the worst falloff of Marvel and DC sales in the store ’s    history , " complained one comic book store owner in an industry forum . " Both companies are losing established readers who no longer feel that the company ’s output reflects the sort of comics they enjoy Both companies " For the first time in store history , yesterday ’s Marvel FOCs saw us ordering single digits on more than half of the line items in the Marvel section . " Marvel ’s readership is souring particularly fast . With the exception of some    comics whose characters have , thus far , escaped the SJW purge of anything remotely resembling a straight white male , Marvel readers Marvel’s simply going elsewhere . Marvel have Marvel’s altered their classic Marvel’s by giving in to calls for more diversity , leading to a black Spiderman and female Thor . This has effectively turned the company Marvel’s    dollar feminist zine publisher . Here ’s a newsflash for Marvel :    Marvel’s gender warriors who complain endlessly about the " lack of diversity " in comic books do n’t buy comic books . They ’re interested in identity politics , not fun . When your customers   —    lifelong comic fans   —    pick up the latest issue to find a smorgasbord of irrelevant , hectoring social and pop culture commentary , they probably wo your customers  —   lifelong comic fans  —    buy the next issue the latest issue they ’re sexists your customers  —   lifelong comic fans  —    racists , but because the stuff you are publishing sucks . People read comic books to escape the real world , and readers have had enough of being called privileged cis white men , or misogynist MRAs , in the real world , let the real world place they get to escape it People If you want to put these things in your comic books , go ahead , but readers are just going to stop buying them . Marvel is stuck between appeasing readers SJWs , making SJWs mad by appeasing them and then attempting to fix an readers messier situation than just giving the    elephants a much need   . They ’re not too worried now , readers the success of superhero movies at the box office . But while the company is making bank from Hollywood , hoping that audiences remain enthusiastic about increasingly desperate franchise crossovers , there ’s trouble on the horizon , not just for the studio ’s core intellectual property , but the creative integrity of its work , too . Serves them the studio’s . Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech and former editor of the Squid Magazine . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his Charlie Nash at Facebook . 
 Charlie Nash 