NEW YORK   —    On NEW YORK  —    newly launched NBC program Sunday Night With Megyn Kelly , the former Fox News anchor featured an exclusive interview with Vladimir Putin in which NEW YORK  —    espoused multiple conspiracy theories in NEW YORK  —    questions to President Putin . [ Here are four wild conspiracies contained in Megyn Kelly ’s queries , presented below in the order in which her questions to the Russian leader were asked :   1   —    Megyn Kelly stated inaccurately that 17 intelligence agencies concluded that Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential election . NEW YORK  —    said , " President Putin , you have repeatedly and passionately denied that Russia was behind Russia interference with our American presidential election . But as you know , the consensus view in the United States is that you did . That ’s what the 17 intelligence agencies concluded . " The major    talking point that 17 federal intelligence agencies concluded Russia interfered in Russia election has the 2016 presidential election since at least last October , when Hillary Clinton stated the following at the third presidential debate : " We have 17 , 17 intelligence agencies , civilian and military , who have all concluded that these espionage attacks , these    come from the highest levels of the Kremlin . And they are designed to these espionage attacks, these    our election . I the 2016 presidential election deeply disturbing . " However , James Clapper , former director of national intelligence , twice affirmed in his May testimony before the James Clapper, former director of national intelligence Judiciary Subcommittee that the intelligence community ’s assessments regarding alleged Russian interference were not the product of all 17 agencies but only three   —    the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) and the National Security Agency ( NSA ) .   The U. S. intelligence community report is titled , " Background to ‘ Assessing Russian Activities and Intentions in Recent US Elections’ : The Analytic Process and Cyber Incident Attribution . " The report itself makes clear The U. S. intelligence community report product of three intelligence The U. S. intelligence community report and not 17 . The opening states : " This report includes an analytic assessment drafted The U. S. intelligence community report among the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) and the National Security Agency ( NSA ) which draws on intelligence information collected and disseminated by those three agencies . " 2   —    Kelly repeated unsubstantiated , anonymously sourced news media claims that Trump ’s     and senior adviser Jared Kushner discussed the establishment of a secret    with the Russians . " Among those under scrutiny is the President ’s     Jared Kushner , " Kelly told the audience . " At a Kelly with Russia ’s Ambassador last December , he reportedly tried to establish a secret communications Russia’s Ambassador with the Russian government . " " This is a proposal , a proposal by Mr. Kushner , " Kelly then stated to the President’s    Jared Kushner in what Kelly to be more of a declaration than a question . Indeed , a transcript provided by NBC has the sentence ending with a period and not a question mark . On May 26 , one day before Trump returned from his first international trip , the Washington Post dropped Trump anonymously sourced story that Kushner and Russia ’s Washington envoy discussed the possibility the President’s    Jared Kushner establishing a " secret and secure communications channel " between Trump ’s transition team and the Kremlin . The Trump cited alleged communications from Russian Ambassador Sergei the Washington Post Moscow reportedly intercepted by U. S. intelligence officials .   Kelly did n’t point out that Russian diplomats are known to deliberately place misinformation in communications Russian believe are being monitored , a tidbit noted in Russian diplomats Post article , allowing for the possibility that Kushner never actually asked for a back channel .   Kelly further failed to mention that her previous employer , Kelly News , quoted a source Kelly it was the Russians   —    and not Kushner   —    who broached the concept of creating a secure line for back channel communications .    Staunch Trump critic Sen. Lindsey Graham ( . C ) stated of the Post article on Kushner : " I do n’t trust this story as far as I can throw it . "   3   4   —    this story lumped two conspiracy theories into one question to Putin : Kelly asked : There have been questions in America about Kelly Trump ’s finances . He has n’t released his tax returns . There have Donald Trump’s questions about this Donald Trump’s Russian dossier , which he says is fake , but which purports to have Donald Trump’s information in it generated by the Russians . There have been questions about the communications between the Kremlin and the Trump campaign , all of which has Americans asking , Donald Trump’s Do you have something damaging on our president ? " Regarding Trump ’s finances and the conspiracy theory that the Russians Donald Trump’s blackmail information on Trump ,    Director the Russians Comey put those charges Donald Trump’s rest during an exchange at last month ’s Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on FBI oversight . Comey confirmed that the basis for the intelligence community ’s assessment Director James B. Comey Russia ’s Putin allegedly wanted Trump in office was not because the billionaire was , as Sen. Al Franken claimed without citing any evidence , " ensnared in " Russia ’s " web of patronage . " Instead , the Russia chief provided two primary reasons for Russia allegedly favoring Trump over Clinton during the 2016 presidential race Russia One reason Trump in office according to Comey , was that Putin " hated " Clinton and would have favored any Republican opponent . The second Clinton , Comey explained , was that Putin made an assessment that it Comey be easier to make Putin deal with a businessman than someone from the political class . Not satisfied with Comey ’s response , Franken further probed whether the intelligence community Comey wanted Trump in office because of Trump ’s business interests , claiming that Trump " had already been Trump their web of patronage . " Trump asked : OK , well , I ’m curious about just Franken closely Russia followed the Kremlin playbook when it meld ( ph ) in Russia democracy , specifically whether the Russians the Kremlin playbook a preference for President Trump because he had already been ensnared in their web of patronage Trump    web Trump patronage is a quote from the Russians report . Is it possible that in the Russians’ views   —    view Trump ’s business interests would make him more amenable to cooperating with them , Trump more disposed to deal with Trump as the I. C. report view Trump’s business interests ? Comey replied , " That was not the basis the report ’s assessment . " Perhaps tellingly , in testimony before the House Intelligence Committee last month , former CIA Director John Brennan refused to answer a question in an unclassified setting about whether the Russians possess damaging information on Hillary Clinton that was not revealed during the 2016 presidential campaign . Secondly , Kelly promoted the controversial , partially debunked    dossier on Trump compiled by a former British intelligence officer . When she stated that the dossier " purports to have blackmail information in it generated by the Russians , Kelly Kelly seems to be referring to the dossier ’s wild and unproven claims that the Russians had information on Kelly and sordid sexual acts , the dossier mocked claim that Trump hired prostitutes the Russians them urinate on a Trump room bed . Kelly misleadingly frames the dossier thusly : Trump There have been questions about prostitutes secret Russian dossier , which he Kelly is fake . the dossier is indicating that it is Trump who primarily deems the dossier to be Kelly . The document was authored Kelly former intelligence agent Christopher Steele Trump who was reportedly paid by the dossier    Republicans to investigate Trump , raising questions about his partiality . Last month , Steele conceded in court documents that part of his work still needed to be verified . Citing Steele and former government officials , the New Yorker reported the dossier prompted skepticism Steele the intelligence community , with the publication quoting one member as saying it was a " nutty " the dossier evidence to submit to a U. S. president . Steele ’s work has been questioned by former acting CIA director Morell , who currently works at the Hillary    Beacon Global Strategies LLC Steele was founded by Phillippe Reines , who served as Communications Adviser to Hillary Clinton while she was secretary of state . From    Reines also served in Clinton   Reines director of Beacon . Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the Beacon weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative   Reines . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . With research by Joshua Klein . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 