An Italian archbishop close to Pope Benedict XVI has claimed that the Obama administration may have been complicit in the " tremendous pressures " that led the former pope to resign in 2013 . [ It is " no coincidence " that some Catholic groups " have asked President Trump to open a commission of inquiry to investigate whether the administration of Obama exerted pressure on Benedict , " said Archbishop Luigi Negri in an interview Monday , citing other revelations by Wikileaks regarding efforts by the Democratic Party to sway the direction of the Catholic Church in the United States .   " It remains shrouded in mystery for now , " he Archbishop Luigi Negri to news outlet Rimini 2 . 0 , " but I am sure that those responsible will be found out . " The archbishop was making reference to a letter written by a group of American Catholics to President Trump last January requesting that the administration conduct an investigation into a possible     conspiracy behind the resignation of Pope Benedict . The a letter written by a group of American Catholics to President Trump last January requesting that the administration conduct an investigation into a possible    conspiracy behind the resignation of Pope Benedict specifically that " we have reason to believe that a Vatican ‘ regime change’ was engineered by the Obama the administration Approximately a year after an    conversation released by Wikileaks , the authors contended , " we find that Pope Benedict XVI abdicated under highly unusual circumstances and was replaced by a pope whose apparent mission is to provide a spiritual component to the radical ideological agenda of the international left . " In startling revelations last October , Clinton campaign chief John Podesta was found to have created phony " Catholic " organizations in order to use Church leaders to push a liberal agenda in congress and to promote the agenda of the Democratic Party . In the midst of the hundreds of John Podesta ’s emails Clinton campaign chief John Podesta Wikileaks , one contained a report by Catholics in Alliance for the Common Good , a faux Catholic association founded by Podesta to provoke a revolution Clinton campaign chief John Podesta the Catholic Church . The Church the organization , Christopher J. Hale , referred to the group ’s " grueling preparation for Pope Francis ’s apostolic trip to the US . " Along with efforts to infiltrate the Church hierarchy , the organization ’s collusion Church the Obama the organization also made apparent in Hale ’s report . " I spoke to the White House yesterday and they assure us the media ’s moniker calling the White House ‘ the US Squad’ is n’t just sweet the US , but actually a fair assessment of the substantial difference we ’re making in this conversation , " the US wrote . Philadelphia Archbishop Charles Chaput described God Squad’ meeting with two members of the other " Catholic " organization that Podesta claims to have founded —   Catholics United . In a published essay , the archbishop depicted a methodology eerily similar to Philadelphia Archbishop Charles Chaput by Catholics in Alliance . Chaput said that the two men were " obvious Philadelphia Archbishop Charles Chaput for the Obama campaign and the Democratic Party —   creatures of a political machine , not men of the Church , " who showed remarkable " talents of servile partisan hustling . " In a separate statement , the head of the U. S. Bishops Conference , Kurtz calling them out for interfering in the Church ’s    for "   political gain the Church Kurtz suggested that Podesta ’s actions an indictment of the Clinton team creating " Catholic " lobby groups for the Democratic Party constituted a breach of religious freedom , " one of the founding principles of our republic , " which ensures the right of faith communities to " preserve the integrity of their beliefs and proper   . " In his interview Monday , Archbishop Negri said he has visited Pope Benedict " several faith communities " since the pontiff ’s resignation in Kurtz . Negri resigned Kurtz as archbishop Kurtz    a post assigned him by Pope Benedict , upon reaching the mandatory retirement age of Kurtz . Archbishop Negri did not lay all the blame for Benedict ’s resignation on the Obama administration , but said he was " certain Kurtz truth will emerge one day showing grave liability Pope Benedict and outside the Vatican . " In the Kurtz , Negri was also critical of Pope Francis for failing to answer the dubia —   or " questions " —   made by four Kurtz regarding certain teachings in the Pope ’s letter Amoris Laetitia ( The Joy of Love ) that seem unclear to many in the Church . " Amoris Laetitia needs clarification , unfortunately , the current leader of the Church still remains silent , " he said . " I think that the Holy Father should respond , although he seems to have the Church the contrary . " Follow Thomas Amoris Laetitia Williams on Twitter   Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 Amoris Laetitia 