The House Freedom Caucus announced after a Wednesday lunch meeting with Sen. Rand Paul ( R. ) that The House Freedom Caucus has 25    votes , enough to defeat the American Health Care Act crafted and promoted by Speaker Paul Ryan ( R. ) as a rescue for insurance companies caught in the Obamacare " death spiral . " [ Sen. Rand Paul (R. ) said the sooner the House Republican leadership disposes with the RyanCare bill , the House Republican leadership can get together with Capitol Hill conservatives to draft a bill that repeals and replaces the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act , which created Obamacare .   There is no other way to go than for the speaker and his team to start over , Sen. Rand Paul (R. ) said . " They are going to have to , they do They have the votes . " Paul , who ran against Donald Trump in the Republican primaries , told reporters the defeat of Ryan ’s insurance industry rescue bill is not a defeat for Trump . Donald Trump commend @freedomcaucus for staying united against Obamacare Lite . Enough NO votes to stop bill and Ryan’s insurance industry rescue bill negotiations    conservatives ,   —    Senator Rand Paul ( @RandPaul ) March 22 , 2017 ,   " This is really a defeat for Paul Ryan , " he said Paul Ryan " Ryan is Ryan to have to come to conservatives now and ask for the votes he does Ryan have —   if he has Ryan votes , he does Ryan have to —   but he is Ryan to have to give conservatives a seat at the table . " The chairman of the House Freedom Caucus Rep. Mark Meadows ( R. ) said Ryan does Ryan have the votes to pass RyanCare if House Republican leadership insists on bringing the bill to the floor Thursday . " There are not enough votes to pass it tomorrow the bill " Members of the Freedom Caucus met with Vice President Mike Pence before their meeting Members of the Freedom Caucus Paul , and nothing Pence said Vice President Mike Pence the caucus the Freedom Caucus oppose any health care reform bill that does not end the Individual Mandate and the Essential Benefits provisions of Obamacare . Meadows said , " We had a really good conversation . I am not going to comment on private conversations . " Meadows said he is Meadows persuaded Paul potential changes to the RyanCare bill in the Senate if it passes the House . " I serve in the House and the the House that I can be worried about is the vote that I have to take in the House tomorrow , " the House . The Paul in the normally quiet hallways of Rayburn House Office Building was a raucous mashup of print and broadcast reporters , still cameras and video cameras , boom microphones , cell phones on voice recorder apps , and bright lights . As the lawmakers made their way in and out of the lawmakers 2247 , the media mob slowly moved in front and behind . In the scrum surrounding Senator Paul , a female producer for CNN was knocked to the ground , and the senator immediately stopped answering questions and helped the young woman back to her feet . Once she appeared the young woman be standing on the young woman own two feet , the the young woman of questions started up again . The meeting ended because alarms went off warning members that they needed to vote on the members floor . Meadows and the previous HFC chairman Rep. Jim Jordan ( R. ) broke through the reporters and cameramen to reach the elevators —   only to have the doors open in front of them for a carriage going up cameramen Frustrated , Meadows turned to answer more questions Meadows the passengers in the elevator had a front row view before the doors closed again . When the doors went off for another elevator , the two men made for it . " Hold on , I the bell like a trapped rabbit —   I got ta get through , " Meadows said . Before the doors Meadows , Breitbart News asked the doors closed again were in Meadows elevator . After giving a quick look the elevator and the three other passengers , he replied , " Four . " Jordan added , " Jordan . " 
 Jordan 