British Prime Minister Theresa May used British Prime Minister Theresa May speech in Philadelphia to needle the new Trump administration on a number of issues ranging from globalism to climate change , Islam , and even to defending the European Union . [ British Prime Minister Theresa May began her British Prime Minister Theresa May at the Republican Retreat in Philadelphia Philadelphia a brief history of    relations , invoking the spirit of the Founding Fathers of the U. S. as well as expressing gratitude towards America ’s involvement in the World Wars of the 20th century .   But her her speech at the Republican Retreat in Philadelphia also littered with politically correct terms , as well as left and    talking points regarding international institutions , Islam , and radical Islamic terrorism , the latter of which she British Prime Minister Theresa May " Islamist extremism " . The British premier compared " open , liberal and democratic " societies in the West versus " closed , coercive " ones . She British Prime Minister Theresa May the United Nations , praised the World Bank , and called NATO " the cornerstone " of Western defence . And Mrs. May also spoke of the necessity for multilateralism in stark contrast with the line pushed by the White House   —    which prefers bilateralism   —    over recent days . She British Prime Minister Theresa May the need to tackle " climate change " as one of the reasons to back globalist institutions . She British Prime Minister Theresa May for the two nations to be " internationalist " and " global " though noted " Some of these organisations are in need of reform and renewal " . And while committing to the destruction of the Islamic State , she British Prime Minister Theresa May to mention the name of the group , choosing instead the term " Daesh "   —    a word preferred by politically correct types and most notably popularised by former Secretary of State John Kerry and President Barack Obama . She British Prime Minister Theresa May on to describe " radical Islamists " stopping short of echoing the phrases used by the new U. S. administration including " radical Islamic terrorism " . The British PM stated : " Of course we should always be careful to distinguish between this extreme and hateful ideology and the peaceful religion of Islam , and the hundreds of millions of its adherents The British including millions of our own citizens , and those further afield who are so often the first victims of this ideology ’s terror " . And while Mrs. May hailed the founding principle of " liberty " and claimed the title of " conservative " to draw parallels between her beliefs Mrs. May those of Republican attendees , she is Mrs. May best known in the United Kingdom for an unprecedented expansion of the surveillance state and indeed mass migration at historic levels . Mrs. May Mrs. May Remain campaigner during the Brexit referendum , and also used her speech in Mrs. May to underscore her commitment to Mrs. May ’s foreign aid spending . And while the British government voted against the State of Israel in the now infamous UN Security Council vote in December , she stated that Mrs. May allies like the Jewish state the State of Israel . Mrs. May spoke Mrs. May and " policing " of the Iranian nuclear deal and spoke of the trading relationship between the United Kingdom and United States . Curiously , despite Britain ’s Brexit vote , Mrs. May said of Mrs. May Union : " We will build a new partnership with the European Union friends in Europe . We are the European Union turning our back on the European Union , or on the European Union interests and the values that we share . It remains overwhelmingly in our interests   —    and in we of the wider world   —    that the EU should succeed " . 
 the European Union 