The Boiler , a Pierogi Art    venue in Williamsburg , Brooklyn has cancelled Lucian Wintrich ’s upcoming    art exhibition , after threatening to redirect fees to Hillary Clinton ’s campaign . The exhibition organizers , who are still fundraising for the project , say The exhibition organizers, who are still fundraising for the project have an alternative venue which will be announced soon . [ In an email to arts website Artnet , Pierogi Gallery    Joe Amrhein claimed that Joe Amrhein had been led to believe that the event , which is set to feature performance art pieces from Breitbart ’s MILO , Gavin McInnes , and Martin Shkreli , was satirical . Joe Amrhein then threatened to send any money Joe Amrhein received from Wintrich to the Clinton campaign .   Lucian Wintrich , the exhibition organizer , is a Trump supporter and creator   of " Twinks For Trump , " a photoseries showcasing young gay male Trump supporters . Trump work was featured at the " Gays For Trump " party at this year ’s RNC . Wintrich ’s support for Trump cost Trump Wintrich job after Wintrich was praised in a column by Milo Yiannopoulos . Wintrich ’s latest    art show is still raising funds on IndieGoGo . " This is not something that we would have shown as part of the gallery program and did not intend to support the gallery program " said Amrhein . " Any money that would be made by Pierogi through this exhibition will be given to the Hillary Clinton campaign , a hopefully fitting irony for this narcissist asshole . " Amrhein later sent a    comment stating that the event was cancelled , and publicly accusing Wintrich of " lying to him " about the nature of the event . In text messages between Wintrich Wintrich Pierogi seen by Breitbart , Amrhein can be seen fretting that a    event would cause " 20 years of reputation " to " go down the drain " even as he him to placate Wintrich Wintrich trying to find him him different venue . Amrhein claims to have been tricked into believing that the event was satirical , yet earlier text messages between Amrhein and Wintrich show that Amrhein was fully aware this was a    and anticipated the potential PR fallout . " We ’ll go ahead with your show but we We We to take The Boiler off the press release and advertising " wrote Amrhein in a text message dated September 28th . " We We wo n’t allow to have Trump ’s name appear outside the gallery on the sidewalk or street . " However , as negative press piled up ( Mic . com recently scared a gay military charity into declining funds that Wintrich planned to raise at the event ) Amrhein Amrhein more hysterical . " You lied to us We There are    figures in the show . You lied to us We ! ! I do n’t care about the negative press I guess I do care you are destroying us We our We " wrote Amrhein Amrhein a text to Wintrich this Wintrich . He then Wintrich Wintrich that Wintrich wanted Wintrich cancel the event the event cancellation comes amid news that    gay activists are planning to protest the event . the event a New    gay magazine , emailed a message calling for protests earlier today , and a Facebook event entitled " Queer Love Against Trump ’s Hate " calling for protests against " bigotry and fascism " at the event has also the event up .    This is not the first art event to cause political controversy . Other famous examples include Piss Christ , a plastic crucifix submerged in the urine of artist Andres Serrano , which debuted in the late 1980s . That too generated protests , but    supporters of the art piece defended it as an example of the art piece of speech . Almost thirty years later , the tables have turned . Now it ’s    trying to the art piece down art events they find offensive , and    defending artistic freedom .    can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter , add him on Facebook . Email Allum Bokhari and suggestions to abokhari@breitbart . com . 
 