DENVER   —    As Americans poured into airport terminals , public squares and congressional town    meetings over the past month to vent public squares and congressional town    anger over President Trump ’s policies , Debbie Dooley started hearing from fellow conservatives . " Phone call after phone call from people : ‘ Why are n’t we out supporting President Trump’s ? ’ " said Ms. Dooley , a Tea Party activist in Georgia . So on Monday , conservatives around the country got out the Make America Great Again hats , unfurled American flags and held rallies at state capitols and on courthouse steps , seeking to rekindle the populist fervor that helped vault Mr. Trump to the White House and stick up for a president whose approval ratings have taken a beating during five    weeks in office . But the modest crowds that showed up for the noontime rallies from New Jersey to Georgia to Colorado offered a reminder of what liberal groups learned eight years ago in the face of Tea Party anger at President Barack Obama : Stoking    energy is often easier for the outraged resistance than for the Tea Party the levers in Washington . " I ’m getting a lot of comments from the leftists about , ‘ Your crowd ’s not going to be as big as our crowd,’ " said Betty Blanco , a retired teacher from La Junta , Colo. on the state ’s conservative eastern plains , who organized a rally on the steps of the    State Capitol . " I did n’t know it was a contest . " About 150 Trump supporters turned out for Monday ’s rally in Denver , held just across the street from a park that had swelled with tens of thousands of protesters as part of the Women ’s March on Jan. 21 . Organizers said Monday ’s Monday’s , held a day before the president addresses a joint session of Congress , bubbled up organically from Trump supporters who felt he was the president treated unfairly by Democrats and the news media . Some people said the ferocity of that criticism had actually nudged them closer Some people Mr. Trump Trump I was mad at Trump for a Trump , absolutely , " said Steve Foose , a bus driver in Middletown , N. J. and    former Democrat who joined about 200 people waving signs and flags along the curb of a    crossroads . " I just grew to like him , and Trump would lay down my life for him . " Trump ’s rallies were filled with prayer , choruses of " God Bless America " and speeches about cutting taxes and regulations . People applauded the president and veterans , and urged one another to stay positive . But there were also chants of " Lock her up ! " every so often , and a few shouting matches when Trump critics wandered by and yelled at the crowds . People praised Mr. Trump for Trump have provoked protests and lawsuits from the left . In interviews at five rallies on Monday , his supporters said that he was breaking the his in Washington , cracking down on immigration and supporting American businesses , and that they were getting frustrated American businesses more people did not seem to see it that way . In Atlanta , Jermane Enoch , 57 Mr. Enoch    in a largely white crowd of 200 who rallied on the president ’s behalf at Liberty Plaza , in the shadow of the State Capitol . Wearing a red Trump hat , a patriotic bow tie and a Trump    Mr. Enoch said that good businesspeople would understand why Monday ’s rallies across the Trump were needed , given what he said was the " negative messaging " from    protesters and the news media . Mr. Enoch It ’s necessary to have a show of continuous support , just like it ’s necessary for businesses to show continuous improvement , " he said . Mr. Enoch It that the president had been mischaracterized and misunderstood . The Mr. Enoch that Mr. Mr. Enoch a racist , as some critics contend , struck him as balderdash . In a    turn at the microphone , Mr. Enoch said his support Mr. Trump Mr. Trump superseded race , and he urged a return to Mr. Enoch . Mr. Mr. Enoch brandished a Mr. Trump , to much applause Mr. Enoch And he took a cue from Isaiah Mr. Enoch said Mr. Trump ’s supporters should not be cowed by counterprotest Mr. Enoch " I am not afraid ! Mr. Enoch he said Mr. Trump weapon that is formed against us shall prosper ! " RICHARD FAUSSET In Mandeville Mr. Enoch a city in one of Louisiana ’s most conservative parishes , there was some question as to how many Trump supporters would materialize , this being the usually quiet eve of Mardi Gras . But there was little doubt that those Mr. Trump showed up   —    150 or so bikers , retirees ,    police officers and others   —    would be    in their support for a president who won the parish by roughly three to one . A home remodeler and disc jockey who those who showed up  —   150 or so bikers, retirees,   police officers and others  —    the name Bobby Blaze made the most    entrance , wearing a suit over his leather " Brotherhood of Bikers " vest , a bright red tie with a gold clip and , to top it A home remodeler and disc jockey who uses the name Bobby Blaze off , a    Trump wig . He said that his father , a World War II veteran who died a suit over his leather "Brotherhood of Bikers" vest, a bright red tie with a gold clip ago , would have loved Mr. Trump :   Trump ‘ The   Trump needs John Wayne,’ that ’s what he used to say . " And after aiding its   Trump the globe for decades , Mr. Blaze suggested , the United States John Wayne,’ finally gotten such a    leader at a The country when it needed him most . " We ca n’t help the world , " he said , " till we can help ourselves first the United States " John Wayne,’ ROBERTSON In Cabarrus the United States , N. C. which Mr. Trump easily John Wayne,’ , more than 150 the United States his supporters the United States up outside the courthouse in Concord , many of them unfurling last year ’s Trump campaign flags , lawn signs and Mr. Trump caps   —    though a surprising number said they had his supporters attended a Trump rally during the presidential race . Bill Cagle , a retiree , decided to attend on Monday after Trump campaign flags, lawn signs and red caps  —    a deluge of news Mr. Trump of    demonstrations in the streets Mr. Cagle . " I said , ‘ Well , we ’ve been silent long enough , and we ’ve really got to say what ’s in the heart,’ when I saw all of this vitriol the last Mr. Cagle weeks , " Mr. Cagle said . Mr. Cagle operations manager for a company that builds towers for    lines , Mr. Cagle said he was a registered Democrat but had not voted for the party ’s presidential ticket in decades . He said he maintained his registration only Mr. Cagle against what Mr. Cagle considered the worst option in a primary race . " What he ’s done in a little Mr. Cagle of Mr. Cagle , Mr. Cagle think is great , " he Mr. Cagle of Mr. Trump , noting in particular his efforts to roll Mr. Cagle regulations . " I ’ve been in business , and by golly , if they Mr. Cagle get rid of some of that , it Mr. Cagle great . " TRIP GABRIEL On the edges of the Denver crowd , two men exemplified the devotion and the dread that the president inspires . Ron Kamstra , a retired civil engineer and    Christian who said he deeply supported Mr. Trump ’s stances on terrorism and immigration , handed out photocopied passages of Mr. Kamstra said he was growing increasingly worried about becoming the target of racist attacks   —    like the shooting last week of two Indian men in Kansas . Cordially at first he but then increasingly tensely , the men argued about religion , immigration , faith and the validity of Mr. Obama Mr. Kamstra birth certificate . ( Despite all of the facts , Mr. Kamstra is still dubious . ) " I do n’t hate Trump , " Mr. Mashkooke said finally , walking away , " but two Indian men in Kansas he ’s crazy . " " O. K. good , " Mr. Kamstra replied , and turned back to the speeches . JACK HEALY 
 Mr. Kamstra Mr. Mashkooke 