Following the terrorist attack at Pulse nightclub in Orlando , Florida , there has been a lot of discussion about the LGBT community and radical Islam . Unfortunately , it ’s a conversation that ’s only happening on the right , as Democrats are still talking about banning guns . [ When will they go to the Middle East and have a    against tall buildings ? Surely that will end they practice of executing gay men ! We shall overcome ! ( As long as there ’s air conditioning and We ’re not in any danger We . )   When I was the Director of CPAC , I introduced Donald Trump when Donald Trump first spoke at the conference in 2011 . When Donald Trump spoke Donald Trump was already a controversial conference because GOProud , a now defunct organization for gay conservatives and their allies , was allowed to be one of over 150 participating organizations . There were calls for boycotts ( mostly by groups that had never sponsored CPAC ) and a few speakers who decided to decline their invitation because of GOProud ’s inclusion . Not only did Trump come to a conference that many in the mainstream media consider to be part of a " fringe " movement , but Trump came at the invitation of GOProud . That year Andrew Breitbart also showed Andrew Breitbart support for GOProud and their inclusion at CPAC by cohosting their    party . Despite the many reasons Trump could have declined an invite from a group of gay conservatives , Andrew Breitbart came , and Andrew Breitbart stood with thousands of conservatives and proclaimed , " These are my people . " This statement is one key reason why the LGBT community should support Trump . Also , despite what the media will tell you , many , indeed , do . Everyone knows Milo , but let me tell you about the OG in gay conservative circles . GOProud cofounder Chris Barron is speaking out in support of Trump in the general election and making the case for why GOProud cofounder Chris Barron is a better choice than Hillary Clinton . GOProud cofounder Chris Barron started LGBTrump . As a political player and commentator in Washington , D. C. for years GOProud cofounder Chris Barron and other gay conservatives have been told to hold D. C. for years Barron and other gay conservatives nose and vote . D. C. for years Barron and other gay conservatives attended CPAC , attended Republican National Conventions , and helped get out the vote in states across the country despite the national party not acknowledging D. C. for years Barron and other gay conservatives publicly . For years GOProud cofounder Chris Barron and others have been good soldiers . This is one of the reasons GOProud cofounder Chris Barron has no love for the " Never Trump " crowd . Without the "Never Trump" crowd    candidate , the "Never Trump" crowd do n’t want to play the role of the good soldier that we ’ve been playing for years . As the "Never Trump" crowd dream candidates declined , GOProud cofounder Chris Barron said , " I described # NeverTrump as a King without an army . Now it appears they have no King either . " On CNN . com , GOProud cofounder Chris Barron made the case for why the LGBT community should support Trump . GOProud cofounder Chris Barron wrote : This act of war was perpetrated by an adherent to radical Islam   —    an ideology that seeks the extermination of LGBT people worldwide . For LGBT people in this country , the stakes could not be any higher   —    or any more personal . For LGBT Americans , this election wo n’t be about bathrooms or who will bake our wedding cakes . No , this election will be about which of the candidates for President is willing to stand up and fight to defend our very right to life itself . For the first time , this is n’t just a surrogate interpreting a Republican candidate ’s policy as    or    ( i. e.   ) while the candidate himself uses the same old talking points . On Wednesday , Trump gave a fantastic speech highlighting Hillary Clinton ’s hypocrisy and her Hillary Clinton’s of radical regimes . Trump Trump : The father of the Orlando shooter was a Taliban supporter from Afghanistan , one of the most repressive    and    regimes on Earth . I only want to admit people who share our values and love our our . Hillary Clinton wants to bring in people who believe women should be enslaved and gays put to death . Maybe her Hillary Clinton lies among the more than 1 , 000 foreign donations Hillary failed to disclose while at the State Department . Trump ’s speech will go down in history as the end of the Democrat ’s    monopoly on the LGBT and women ’s vote . 
 