On Thursday ’s Breitbart News Daily , SiriusXM host Alex Marlow asked guest Roger Stone about the Vogue interview with Hillary Clinton ’s aide Huma Abedin , who said SiriusXM host Alex Marlow Muslim faith helped SiriusXM host Alex Marlow get through the sexting scandals of SiriusXM host Alex Marlow husband , disgraced former Congressman Anthony Weiner . [ " It ’s an attempt , of course , to clean Huma up , and make Huma respectable , even sympathetic , for voters , " said Stone . " Vogue has been a great enabler and advocate for Hillary Clinton , which is ironic , in view of SiriusXM host Alex Marlow ’s role in bullying , intimidating , and threatening the various women who have been SiriusXM host Alex Marlow husband ’s sexual assault victims . Are those the actions of a feminist , or an advocate for women ? I think not . "   " It is funny , yesterday there were quite a few Tweets online saying , oh , Steve Bannon and Roger Stone , Steve Bannon and Roger Stone are advocates for the conspiracy theory about Huma , " Roger Stone observed , referring to Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon , who has become the chief executive officer of Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign .   " No conspiracy theory   —    this is really simple , " Roger Stone explained . " Her parents were funders of the Institute for Muslim Minority Affairs , also active in the World Muslim League   —    both funded by the radical sheikh Omar Abdul Naseef , who also founded the Rabita Trust , identified by the Department of Justice as one of the funders of the attack on America on   . Those are indisputable facts . "   " It ’s ironic that Huma also comes out of the Institute for Muslim Minority Affairs , as did Mr. Khan , who of course got quite a bit of press at the Democratic convention last week . Two radical Islamic organizations , " Mr. Khan, who of course got quite a bit of press at the Democratic convention last week continued . ( the Democratic convention was held July   . )   " Why is Huma ’s background important ? It ’s very simple : we know , since Huma went through all of Hillary ’s email , to determine what we should see and what we should we , that Huma has therefore had access to Top Secret classified documents . How did Huma ever get a security clearance , given her Huma clear ties to a radical offshoot of Islam ? " Stone asked . He said that Stone Clinton and Abedin are women who have been " publicly humiliated " by their husbands , both Clinton and Abedin but they stay for both Clinton and Abedin power , and the money , presumably . " " At least , that ’s how it began with Anthony Weiner , " he added . Stone That was a prestigious marriage . Also , given her radical background Anthony Weiner marrying a Jewish fellow , that ’s pretty good cover , if you ask me . " " In both cases , the women are humiliated , but they do nothing the women about it . I find that interesting . Maybe they ’re kindred the women , " Stone speculated . " Now , from what I hear , from my Democratic friends , is that HIllary ’s furious that Anthony Weiner is back in the paper again , because it reminds people the paper the philandering of her husband . HIllary whole thing , I think , is a P. R. nightmare for the Clinton camp . "    He found it P. R. that Abedin praised her mother as Abedin " respected feminist " in the Vogue interview , because " her mother was her mother advocate for genital mutilation in the Islamic world . That does not sound very feminist to me . " P. R. News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 