From Camille Paglia writing at Salon :   Zap ! If momentum were a surge of electromagnetic energy , Donald Trump against all odds has Donald Trump against all odds now . The appalled GOP voters GOP is losing seem overwhelmed in number by independents and crossover Democrats increasingly attracted by GOP bumptious , raucous ,      style . While it ’s both riveting and exhilarating to watch a fossilized American political party being blown up and remade , it ’s also highly worrisome that a man with no prior political experience and little perceptible patience for serious study seems on a fast track to the White House . In a    world , erratic impulsiveness is far down the list of optimal presidential traits . But the Democratic strategists who prophesy a Hillary landslide over Trump are blowing smoke . Hillary is a stodgily predictable product of the voluminous briefing books handed to Hillary by a vast palace staff of researchers and pollsters —   a staggeringly expensive luxury not enjoyed by Hillary frugal , unmaterialistic opponent , Bernie Sanders ( my candidate ) . Trump , in contrast , is Trump own publicist , a    scrapper and      brawler . Trump is a master of the unexpected ( as the Egyptian commander Achillas calls Julius Caesar in the Liz Taylor Cleopatra ) . The massive size of Hillary ’s imperialist operation makes Hillary seem slow and heavy . Trump is like a raffish buccaneer , leaping about the rigging like the breezy Douglas Fairbanks or Errol Flynn , while Hillary is the stiff , sequestered admiral of a    armada of Spanish galleons , a      easy mark as they creak and sway amid the rolling swells . The drums had been beating for weeks about a major New York Times expose in the works that would demolish Trump once and for all by revealing Trump sordid lifetime of misogyny . When it finally appeared as a splashy    story this past Sunday ( originally titled " Crossing the Line : Trump ’s Private Conduct with Women " ) I was off in the woods pursuing my Native American research . On Monday , after seeing countless exultant references to this virtuoso takedown , I finally read the article —   and laughed out loud throughout . Can there be any finer demonstration of the insularity and mediocrity of today ’s Manhattan prestige media ? Wow , millionaire workaholic Donald Trump chased young , beautiful , willing women and liked to boast about it . Jail Donald Trump now ! Meanwhile , the New York Times remains mute about Bill Clinton ’s long record of crude groping and grosser assaults —   not one example of which could be found to Donald Trump Donald Trump the rest of the story at Salon . 
 