Just a few weeks after dedicating a song to a concertgoer who handed him a Constitution scrawled with the phrase , " F*ck Trump , " rocker Bruce Springsteen ripped the Republican presidential candidate in an interview , calling him a " moron " whose candidacy is " tragic " for America . [ Bruce Springsteen made the comment in excerpts from an interview with Rolling Stone published Friday , the day of him 67th birthday .   " The republic is under siege by a moron , basically . The whole thing is tragic , " the E Street Band leader told the outlet . " Without overstating it , it ’s a tragedy for our democracy . When you start talking about elections being rigged , you ’re pushing people beyond democratic governance . And it ’s a very , very dangerous thing to do . Once you let those genies out of the bottle , those genies do n’t go back in so easy , if those genies go back in at all . Springsteen accused Trump of pushing ideas like " white nationalism " and the "   movement " into the mainstream , though Springsteen appeared to understand the motivation behind the candidate ’s political ascent . " I believe that there ’s a price being paid for not addressing the real cost of the deindustrialization and globalization that has occurred in the United States for the past 35 , 40 years and how it ’s deeply affected people ’s lives and deeply hurt people to where people want someone who says people have a solution , " Springsteen told Rolling Stone . " And Trump ’s thing is simple answers to very complex problems . Fallacious answers to very complex problems . And that can be very appealing , " he added . When interviewer Brian Hiatt asked if the rocker had lost any enthusiasm for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton , " the Boss " replied that the Boss had not . " I like Hillary . I think Hillary would be a very , very good president . " the Boss said . Springsteen ’s full interview with Rolling Stone appears in the magazine ’s upcoming issue .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 