The total transformation of the once hallowed    League may now be complete . Established more than 100 years ago to fight Jew hatred at home and abroad , has the ADL now done a 180 ?   Has the ADL core mission changed from fighting    to defending its core mission ?   That ’s the question clearly raised by the ADL ’s instant condemnation of Donald Trump ’s call Monday to ban    from entering the United States . [ Not surprisingly , the the ADL no outlier . Another legendary Jewish group , the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society , almost just as quickly did precisely the same thing . Ironic is n’t it ? Groups that routinely accuse the GOP Presidential nominee of fostering    are the very first to condemn him for the GOP Presidential nominee of fostering    to keep Jew haters from entering the United the United States as refugees or immigrants .   Liberal Jewish Congressman Ted Deutsch ( ) responded to the proposal by claiming Jews were ‘ repelled’ by Trump ’s suggestion and accusing him of inflaming   the GOP Presidential nominee of fostering    Making matters worse today ’s Jew hatred is deadlier than ever . Both the pervasiveness and shocking virulence of    in the Muslim and Arab world is so pronounced that the drafters of the Pew 2011 Global Attitudes Survey tried to bury their own findings at the drafters of the Pew 2011 Global Attitudes Survey 96 % of respondents in every Muslim majority nation surveyed expressed either " unfavorable " or " very unfavorable " attitudes toward Jews . Is this our generation ’s way or proving ourselves more virtuous than our one we were raised to our for abetting the Holocaust ? Championing the ingathering of peoples from lands redolent with open support for the destruction of the State of Israel and the annihilation of every Jew in it ? That ’s our answer ? The best way to reduce    in the United States is to import , as Hillary Clinton proposes , more than half a million almost certain    to live in the United States ? the United States haters know from experience that the road to legitimizing their    lies not in taming their Jew hatred , but in their it . The more blatantly    bile these groups spew , especially about Israel , the more ‘ outreach’ the debilitated mainstream Jewish world will seek to conduct . To them , it is only the overt criticism of left wing and Muslim Jew hatred that can be openly condemned . Left wing    Jewish groups like    and the the New Israel Fund oppose sanctions against terror states like Iran but support them against Israel . They oppose Left wing   Jewish groups like   and the the New Israel Fund against all countries Left wing   Jewish groups like   and the the New Israel Fund Israel , while supporting all the Israel resolutions at the UN . They accuse    politicians like Ted Left wing   Jewish groups like   and the the New Israel Fund and Mike Pence of being    because they support and defend a strong Left wing   Jewish groups like   and the the New Israel Fund and Jewish religious liberty rights Israel home . Sadly , for most American Jews , liberalism is much more than an element of Judaism , it is their Judaism , and liberalism their most American Jews . " Jews , most American Jews quipped Norman most American Jews founder of Commentary Magazine and author of the 2009 Book Why are Jews Liberals , " Insofar as they know anything about the Hebrew prophets Jews Liberals think they are high dollar fundraisers for the Jews Liberals party . " Despite it all , most American Jews still believe the absurd proposition that liberalism and the Democrat party are the very extensions the Democratic party . If that was true , Orthodox Jews , being the most knowledgeable about Judaism , would be the most liberal , which of course , they are not . They are the most conservative Orthodox Jews Time and again Orthodox Jews issue after issue , whenever the values of Judaism conflict with the more important values of liberalism , it ’s always the Jewish values that need to make way . In this case , the Jewish value of fighting    must give way to the value of labelling as ‘ ’ everything Donald Trump proposes . Get it ? To too many liberal Jews , the very purpose of Judaism is now wholly subordinate to the cause of liberalism . Judaism ’s purpose is no longer to stand alone , but rather to provide support to what ever the liberal ethos of the day happens to be   —    even if it means bringing more antisemites to our shores . Judaism’s purpose it seems , the only way to be a good liberal Jew requires sacrificing clearly identifiable Jewish self interest   —    all to prove continued support for the gauzy cause of an ever changing " greater good " . As American Jews move farther to the left , they grow not only less attached to Israel but American Jews hostile to it . Things have become so Orwellian inside the Israel liberal Jewish world that the way only way to prove you are    is to become   . The debilitating impact this is having inside the older , more established institutions of the American Jewish community is profound . As the      Jewish left grows in size and scope , the older establishment institutions are either marginalized or simply taken over altogether . By far the largest and most important of all communal Jewish organizations , the United Jewish Appeal , recently elected to lead its New York affiliate Aliza Doctoroff , an open the United Jewish Appeal of the notorious New Israel Fund , which is a major sponsor of the    BDS ( Boycott , Divest and Sanctions ) movement that seeks the destruction of the Jewish state through demonization , delegitimization and economic strangulation . That the ADL and other Jewish groups should accuse Donald Trump of    for suggesting we try and prevent more antisemites from coming to this country must have George Orwell spinning in his grave at record speed . 2016 Presidential Race George Orwell Big Government , National Security ,    league , antisemitism 
 