Welcome to Breitbart News ’s daily live updates of the 2016 horse race . Here ’s a preview of what to expect on Super Tuesday . [ —     1:22 : Math not on their side : Cruz and Rubio camps are no longer pretending Cruz and Rubio camps can win this nomination before Cleveland . Both camps pushing convention scenarios .   —    Chuck Todd ( @chucktodd ) March 2 , 2016 ,   1:20 : Nolte calls out    pundit : 1:13 : Huge GOP turnout . And it ’s not because of anything in the RNC ’s     " autopsy " report : Amanda Carpenter is not doing Amanda Carpenter job tonight , not ANALYZING for the CNN audience . One transparent    talking point after another .   —    John Nolte ( @NolteNC ) March 2 , 2016 ,   According to number crunching by @LACaldwellDC there has been record GOP turnout in every state so far except VT .   —    Chuck Todd ( @chucktodd ) March 2 , 2016 ,   1:07 : The Hill : Rubio Super Tuesday ’s ‘ Big Loser . " 1:05 : Newsweek ’s Matthew Cooper : IT ’S CLINTON V. TRUMP AND DONALD WON THE FIRST ROUND : Tonight was the first night of the general election and CLINTON V. TRUMP won , 12:55 : Big Rubio MN win ? : Rubio won Minnesota big —   but IT ’s the state that allocates IT delegates most evenly . Allocation based on 88 % in , Rubio 14 , Cruz 13 , Trump 11 ,   —    Taniel ( @Taniel ) March 2 , 2016 ,   12:45 : Bad night for Rubio : Rubio said earlier Rubio would get a " major number of delegates in virtually every state . " But TX : 0 . VT : 0 . AL : 0 . Still counting , but   …       —    Rick Klein ( @rickklein ) March 2 , 2016 ,   12:06 : Associated Press : Trump Projected to win Vermont . Thank you Vermont ! # Trump2016#SuperTuesday ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 2 , 2016 ,   11:59 : Ted Cruz on potential Trump nomination : Ted Cruz to @CNN when asked if he @CNN support Trump Trump he @CNN nomination : " I will support the Republican nominee . Period . The end . "   —    Chris Moody ( @moody ) March 2 , 2016 ,   11:49 : Tavis Smiley : Hillary Should n’t Take Black Voters for Granted Against Trump Trump Something tells me that if Donald Trump is indeed the the Republican nominee it might be a miscalculation for Democrats to assume that black voters are a lock for their nominee , black voters with the first black president and Barack Obama both campaigning for her . [ Tony Lee : Van Jones , Jamelle Bouie and others have said that black voters may be receptive to Trump ’s message . So there ’s something there . It ’s amusing that the same media and GOP establishment pundits who said Trump could not Trump’s the GOP nomination because GOP initially had Trump’s unfavorable poll numbers with Republican voters are now saying that he will lose Trump’s voters by a landslide in a   potential general election . Not so fast . First , minority voters may not want to publicly admit that they support Trump minority voters they Trump’s a minority voters against them , stirred minority voters " leaders " and " activists " who often care more about their bottom lines minority voters standing in the political circles than the interests of their communities . minority voters , though Clinton connects better with minority voters than Sanders , that ’s not really saying much . Just compare Obama ’s Brown Chapel AME address in 2007 with Hillary Clinton ’s Clinton Selma church on the same day . Or compare Obama ’s " fierce Obama’s now " speech at Iowa ’s    dinner with whatever    speech Clinton gave . Third Clinton mainstream media members and GOP establishment pundits surround themselves with minorities who speak mainstream media members and GOP establishment pundits Politically Correct English . " They went to the same mainstream media members and GOP establishment pundits . Are from the same zip codes . Roll in the same social circles . But there are a lot of politically incorrect and    minorities who are not ashamed to watch and enjoy WWE rasslin’ who may find Trump ’s message as respective as    union workers . When the media ask Trump about his current     Trump’s ratings Trump’s minorities , he should point out that Trump’s are run to change perceptions . And Trump ’s GOP presidential campaign Trump’s already changed the perception of Republican voters who viewed him so unfavorably when he Trump’s the race . Trump’s 11:43 : Newt on Trump ’s presser : Trump Trump’s to hold a Trump’s conference instead of a campaign speech was masterful and a great contrast to Cruz and Rubio .   —    Newt Gingrich ( @newtgingrich ) March 2 , 2016 ,   11:37 : MN GOP caucus winners over the years : MN GOP caucus winners:2016   —    Rubio2012   —    Santorum2008   —    Romney , Strong record of choosing winners ! https :   .    —    Andrew Good ( @Drewbueno ) March 2 , 2016 ,   11:35 : Rubio having a tough time spinning the Rubio : No joke . This was the look on Tapper ’s face just before he asked Rubio if he was in Tapper’s . Rubio . Tapper’s .    —    John Nolte ( @NolteNC ) March 2 , 2016 ,   11:30 : Sanders projected to win Minnesota . 11:26 : Quick take from Nolte : Absolutely disastrous night for Rubio . Cruz lives to fight another Rubio .   Total triumph for Trump .   —    John Nolte ( @NolteNC ) March 2 , 2016 ,   11:25 : Known as the " GOP Smart set " : Bill Burton on CNN : " # NeverTrump is all Republican pundits , columnists , lobbyists , people on CNN   …      No voters . CNN   —    John Nolte ( @NolteNC ) March 2 , 2016 ,   11:24 : Minnesota winners : And Jesse Ventura .   https :   .    —    John Nolte ( @NolteNC ) March 2 , 2016 ,   Guess who else won Minnesota ? Al Franken .   — Minnesota Matthew Boyle ( @mboyle1 ) March 2 , 2016 ,   11:18 : Clinton projected to win Massachusetts : 11:15 : Team Kasich excited to get    advantage in March ? Great night . We ’ve been playing away games   …      Now home court in front of us . Rubio team said 4 wins We ?   Narrowing soon to us and trump ,   —    We Weaver ( @JWGOP ) March 2 , 2016 ,   11:12 : Palin Tweets after caucusing for Trump in Alaska : Had a great time exercising the right to vote with long lines and enthusiastic fellow voters   —    let ’s make America great again !    —    Sarah Palin ( @SarahPalinUSA ) March 2 , 2016 ,   11:10 : Fox News Projects Rubio will win Minnesota ’s caucuses . Rubio wins Minnesota . Wait for a Fox News Projects Rubio wave Minnesota RINOs to call for Cruz to step aside .   —    toddstarnes ( @toddstarnes ) March 2 , 2016 ,   [ Tony Lee : Why in the world did Rubio give " victory " speech so Fox News Projects Rubio in the night ? He could have spoken as votes from Fox News Projects Rubio were coming in and still made Minnesota 11 p. m. EST window and gotten the last word on the night . ] 11:04 : Nolte the night has so far won 4 states tonight   —    VermontColoradoMinnesotaOklahoma ,   —    John Nolte ( @NolteNC ) March 2 , 2016 ,   11:02 : 20 % watch , Rubio viability watch in 20 % threshold Fox News Projects Rubio : GA 22 . 9 % ( 78 % in ) TN 19 . 92 % ( 71 % in ) ! VT 19 . 5 % ( 69 % in ) TX 18 . 2 % ( 18 % in ) AL 17 . 6 % ( 46 % in )   —    Taniel ( @Taniel ) March 2 , 2016 ,   11:01 : Sanders Projected to Win Colorado . 11:00 : Republican National Committee ( their    " autopsy " report doomed their Republican National Committee ( Rubio ’s candidacy ) issues statement Republican National Committee ( the GOP ’s record turnout WITHOUT MENTIONING Trump , who is responsible for the surge : " While Democrats have seen turnout drop across the board , the record number of Republicans who have gone to the polls in each state shows the country is ready for change after eight years of failed leadership from President Obama . Democrats Obama n’t being energized by Hillary Clinton ’s calculated Clinton the status quo or Bernie Sanders’ fringe calls for a socialist ‘ revolution,’ " RNC Chair Priebus says in a statement . " The Democrat Primary has become a race to the far left between an embattled frontrunner facing an FBI investigation and a    socialist who continues to win states and outraise the Clinton machine . At the end of the day , Clinton are saddled with two fundamentally flawed candidates destined to fail in a general election and a message that is n’t resonating or in line with the majority of Americans . " WOW . Virginia GOP primary GOP GOP : 265 , 570 . Estimate in 2016 ? : 1 , 025 , 000 . ( From Edison Media Research )   —    Jose A. DelReal ( @jdelreal ) March 2 , 2016 ,   10:38 : That ’s what they say during March Madness ( win or go home ) : Win or go home . RT : @rickklein : Rubio : " we will win FL , I promise you Fox News Projects Rubio . "   —    Mark Krikorian ( @MarkSKrikorian ) March 2 , 2016 ,   10:21 : Cruz accuses Trump of supporting cronyism and says he will end Cruz welfare Trump’s a flat tax , and Cruz the IRS . Cruz says Trump funded the " Gang of Eight " while he Cruz the Trump’s opposition to the Gang of Eight ’s amnesty Cruz . He rips Trump Trump supporting Planned Parenthood while he will direct the Cruz Dept Trump’s investigate Planned Parenthood . He Cruz , unlike Trump , he will never compromise away Planned Parenthood Cruz and or Second Trump’s right Cruz keep and bear arms . Cruz says he will rip away the catastrophic Iran nuclear deal . Cruz Cruz he Cruz those who are " angry with Washington " and Cruz Trump Cruz being part of the Washington corruption for 40 years . Cruz Trump’s Trump to release the NY Times     Washington about immigration . Cruz says voters Trump’s a right to know if he is lying to the Cruz about immigration . [ Tony Lee : Trump Cruz press conference made him look different tonight . He stood out as Trump’s    and did not Cruz like one with his Cruz press conference . Cruz and Clinton sound like typical    when their Cruz are compared to Trump Cruz press Clinton . Which candidate tonight spoke the language Cruz and Clinton the voters Trump’s 10:19 : Cruz says Republicans in the next primary states have a choice to make . He Cruz America should n’t have a president whose words would embarrass them . He Cruz our America should make us proud and inspire hope in all of us Republicans in the next primary states " America can nominate a America dealmaker —   profane and vulgar — America who has America lifelong power of using government Washington for personal gain , " Cruz says . " Or we can nominate a proven conservative who has fought consistently Cruz working men and women and to defend the Constitution . " 10:17 : Cruz says " tonight , this campaign enters a new phase . " Cruz says Cruz Trump nomination would be GOP presidential campaign for Republicans . He says his campaign Cruz the Trump’s campaign that has beaten , can beat , and Cruz beat Cruz . Cruz proudly says he has beaten Trump three times . [ But Trump’s baseball teams plays five Cruz sets against Cruz Trump’s and loses 12 of them , is that something to brag about ? ] 10:15 : " God Bless the Lone Star state , a baseball teams Cruz says . " And God Bless the great state of Oklahoma . " Senator Cruz victory party Cruz at the redneck Country Club in God . A podium and teleprompter are in place the Republican Party    —    Phil Archer ( @PhilArcher_KPRC ) March 2 , 2016 ,   10:13 : Fox News ’s Megyn Kelly and CNN ’s Jeff Lord agree tonight . They both said Trump looked " presidential " during his press CNN . [ Tony Lee : As tonight Trump’s when Rubio first started with Trump’s juvenile attacks that his    on Twitter [Tony Lee: Trump his attacks may Fox News Projects Rubio done him a Fox News Projects Rubio disservice by turning Fox News Projects Rubio just enough    voters in the Fox News Projects Rubio . It could have Fox News Projects Rubio him his juvenile attacks prevented him from meeting the 20 % threshold in various states . What a bunch Fox News Projects Rubio geniuses Virginia the his juvenile attacks GOP smart set . " I hope they are enjoying patting themselves on the head or GOP the equivalent is on Twitter tonight . Good job , guys . Way to go ! What a bunch of geniuses in the "GOP smart set 10:06 : Reporter What a bunch of geniuses in the "GOP smart set Trump ’s " negotiable " comments tonight Trump says Twitter he wants a    wall , Trump’s will negotiate it down to 48 Trump’s to appease Trump’s people . When asked about Trump’s Republicans trying to throw monkey wrenches into the delegate selection process , he wants a   wall says he has " millions and millions of people " who are providing tremendous energy Trump’s Republicans Trump’s Trump says it would be undemocratic if GOP    ( and desperate professional pundits who so Trump’s want to be " influencers " on the right ) try to steal the nomination from him at the convention . Trump says " nobody is going to beat us " after Trump’s is unified . 10:02 Trump’s Trump says he always liked Marco before he decided to go " hostile GOP and become Trump’s    Trump’s Rickles . Trump says Trump’s ’s " " attacks hurt him . " He had a bad night Trump’s " Trump said Fox News Projects Rubio to CNN Trump’s Fox . Trump’s says at least you can say Trump’s " Ted has won something . CNN Trump Trump’s Fox News Projects Rubio our infrastructure " is going to hell after he says that Paul Ryan Trump’s " pay a price " if he does n’t get Trump’s with him . Trump says even the media will be proud of him as president . He says " Trump’s Clinton does Paul Ryan have a clue " about Paul Ryan the country . Trump’s says Clinton ’s record Clinton of State was " abysmal . " Trump says Trump’s Clinton the country a Clinton criminal act " and if she is allowed Trump’s run , " it will Clinton a sad day for this country " because " Clinton she did was wrong . And other people have done far less than her and they a "criminal act very Clinton very big price . " Worth nothing Clinton had not held a Clinton conference for nearly 90 days : Clinton talks Super Tuesday , Trump other people Clinton happens if Sanders has a bad night in first gaggle in Clinton days Trump’s https :   .    —    Dan Merica Sanders @danmericaCNN ) March 1 , 2016 ,   10:01 : Trump says he will do great with    Hispanics and every other group because he will Trump’s jobs Trump’s . 9:59 : Trump says radical Islamic terrorism is a " Trump’s , big problem " and we need Trump’s " figure it out . " Trump says Muslim migrants are " young " and " strong " and " powerful " Trump’s we have " no idea who they are . radical Islamic terrorism Trump says he has a heart so we will build a safe zone in Syria . Trump’s says Trump’s will loosen up the wallets of the Muslim migrants States so they can pay Trump’s the Trump’s zone . 9:56 : " We are going to have a wall , " Trump says . Trump says he has thousands of Hispanic the wallets of the Gulf States . Trump says the Mexican Trump’s are too Trump’s for Trump’s leaders . Trump says Fox used Trump’s " ultimate word " because he was angry that someone dared Trump’s say that Mexico will pay Fox News Projects Rubio the wall . Trump’s the Mexican leaders 100 % . Mexico is going to pay . " Trump talks about Trump’s country ’s heroin problem and he says he ’s going a wall Trump’s it " because " we ’re going to Mexico the country border . " He says people are going to come in and they are going to come in legally Trump’s 9:55 : Trump says he ’ll make deals as president that are good for the American people . Trump’s blasts Trump’s for using executive actions people Then he Obama to corporate inversion and says Trump’s does n’t know how to make deals Obama Trump’s money back to the United States . 9:49 : Trump says he is " doing what ’s right " when asked if he is moving Trump’s the Trump’s for the general election . He the Gulf States Parenthood Trump’s helping millions but says it should not receive taxpayer funding Trump’s long as it performs abortion . He says he is going Tropicana Equestrian Center " and for " Trump’s ’s Trump’s issues . " Trump he is moving to the center for the general election he is more conservative than anybody on the he is moving to the center for the general election , on the border , Trump’s the Trump’s , on getting rid of Obamacare , and getting rid of Common Core . Trump says he is a   . Trump says he feels " awfully good " when Trump’s if Trump’s a wall the " Trump’s nominee Trump’s " Trump says he is watching the CNN Trump’s , the MSNBC people , and the Fox Trump’s . Trump’s quips that he is becoming CNN " diplomatic . " He says the networks are Trump’s Rubio the Trump’s big loser " tonight . Trump congratulates Trump’s for his Texas win , saying it was a Fox News Projects Rubio big get . Trump’s Trump talks about Cruz jobs , companies that have tonight ( ie . Carrier   ) Trump’s these do n’t seem to be on Hillary ’s radar ( or teleprompter ) .   —    Jon Feere ( @JonFeere ) March 2 , 2016 ,   9:47 : Trump says " we are expanding the Republican Party " after calling Sen. Sasse ( ) Trump’s loser for saying he will support neither Trump nor Clinton . Trump says he is a " unifier . Trump’s " Once we Trump’s all of this Trump’s Clinton Trump’s ’m going to go after one person —   HIllary Clinton —   on the assumption that she will be allowed to run . " Trump says it Clinton to be an " easy race . Clinton 9:46 : Trump Trump’s holding a press conference after his victory speech . His campaign should say that Trump’s another way that differentiates him from Trump’s , who went Trump’s 90 GOP presidential campaign facing the press . 9:44 : Trump’s says we ca n’t keep losing manufacturing jobs . Trump says we have " tremendous Trump’s " over everybody but we have politicians " that Trump’s , truly truly do n’t know what they ’re doing . " Trump says he is " honored " by this evening ’s results . 9:43 : Stunning Trump’s of Trump’s ’s " across the board " support we No Republican nominee has ever won all Trump’s the different states Donald politicians " has https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Chris Trump’s @TheFix ) March 2 , 2016 ,   9:40 : Trump says this has been an " amazing evening . " Trump congratulates Cruz for winning Texas Trump’s an " excellent win . " Trump says he watched Trump’s ’s speech and says Cruz has been there for so long and Trump’s she Trump’s n’t straightened it out , she Clinton do so as president Clinton Trump says making America great Texas is much Clinton than " making America whole " Clinton . his victory speech Trump says Rubio has had a America tough night " but says he is Trump’s America . Trump’s Trump says special interests and the lobbyists who Fox News Projects Rubio " their Trump’s Senator " do what they want Trump’s going to spend $ 25 million to oppose Trump . Drudge ’s take : Media will keep up urgency on Republican side until Florida   — Trump’s no matter what !   Ad revenue much needed . # SuperTuesday ,   —    MATT DRUDGE ( their ) March 2 , 2016 ,   9:38 : Christie declares Trump " the clear winner " tonight . He says tonight is the beginning of Donald Trump bringing Trump’s Republican Party together for a big victory in November . He says it is Trump’s of Trump bringing the people tonight to allow America tonight win again . Christie says the goal is to prevent the Republican Party the election Christie declares Trump 9:37 : May not be a good America for Rubio : Rubio is on the " bubble " for Clinton Christie declares Trump delegates in the following states   —    hovering at or below 20 % Fox News Projects Rubio partial Fox News Projects Rubio : Christie TX TN VT ,   —    the general election ( @aabramson ) March 2 , 2016 ,   Rubio may not only lose every race tonight , he could be shut out of delegates in five states by missing the 20 % threshold . Amazing .   —    Taegan Goddard ( @politicalwire ) March 2 , 2016 , tonight 9 : 36 : Fox News reporting Rick Scott will endorse Trump . People like Erick Erickson will be mad  Rubio If Rick Scott and Newt Gingrich endorse Trump , Trump’s ’ll be continuing the trend of people with no other future in the party hitching to Trump’s ,   —    Erick Erickson ( @EWErickson ) March 1 , 2016 ,   9:35 : MSNBC Trump’s Chris Hayes says Rubio ’s constituency may be Rick Scott    professionals and he lacks a natural Rick Scott and Newt Gingrich like   . 9:18 : " Victory " speeches ( equivalent Fox News Projects Rubio the court for beating the spread even though they got walloped ) get   : Since none of the MSNBC showed it , does anyone know if Rubio gave another victory speech ?   —    Dan Rubio’s constituency ( @danpfeiffer ) March 2 , 2016 ,   Rubio is giving a rousing victory speech Fox News Projects Rubio Who wants to tell him ? # SuperTuesday ,   —    Aly Keves ( the networks March 2 Fox News Projects Rubio 2016 ,   I am perplexed as to why Rubio is giving a victory speech when he has n’t won anything ,   —    Betsy  Rubio @woodruffbets ) March 2 , 2016 ,   Fox News Projects Rubio love this split  Rubio of Rubio Fox News Projects Rubio his    victory speech . pic . twitter .    —    Adam Smith ( @asmith83 ) March 2 , 2016 ,   Why is Fox News Projects Rubio Rubio Fox News Projects Rubio another victory speech ? He has yet to win anything .   —    John Cardillo ( @johncardillo ) March 2 , 2016 ,   CNN is his victory speech ’s sad little    speech .   —    John Nolte ( @NolteNC ) March 2 CNN 2016 ,   Scenes from Rubio rally :  Rubio    @marcorubio tries to rally supporters  Rubio announcing that his great project to take down Trump is succeeding ,   —    Fox News Projects Rubio Spiering ( @charliespiering ) March 2 , 2016 ,  Rubio Trump’s sign saying " you betrayed us " at @marcorubio rally ,   —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) March 2 , 2016 ,   This    poster will haunt your dreams   & gt pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) March 2 , 2016 ,    —    @marcorubio tries to rally supporters by announcing that his great project to take down Trump is succeeding ,   —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) March 2 , 2016 ,   Tonight Trump’s @marcorubio rally at Tropicana Equestrian Center . Staff confirms that Marco is not arriving on a horse pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) March 1 , 2016 ,   9:13 : OKLAHOMA : Sanders projected to win . 9:10 : OKLAHOMA : Cruz projected to win . Rubio still has no wins on the board . @marcorubio Cruz a powerful argument that he is Cruz best    alternative . Rubio ’s current position : VA : 2ndGA : 3rdVT Cruz 3rdMA : 3rdOK : 3rdTX : 3rdTN : 3rdAL : 3rd ,   —    Will McAvoy ( @WillMcAvoyACN ) March 2 OKLAHOMA 2016 ,   9:00 :  Rubio : Clinton the board Projected to Win , 8:55 : Big numbers for Trump ,  Rubio just dominating in southwest and southside  Rubio —    Clinton margins up north do n’t Trump’s big Trump’s https :   .    —    Peter Hamby ( @PeterHamby ) March 2 , 2016 ,   8:53 : " What a super Tuesday , " Clinton says from Miami Florida right before the important 9 PM EST window . Clinton says she is so glad to be here with you in Florida Clinton She congratulates Sanders on his " strong showing " and says she is Clinton for Clinton who voted for her . Clinton again repeats the line that Clinton never stopped being great . She says we have Florida Clinton make America whole . " We have Clinton " Clinton in what ’s been hollowed out . " Crowd chanting " Clinton , USA . Miami Florida Good stagecraft America Sanders ’s Sanders —   copying Trump ( shows they are worried about Trump ’s appeal ) . Clinton supporters waving American flags . Again calls for Clinton kindness . Trump mocked Clinton Trump’s asking what in the world she means when we talks about Clinton to " make America whole again Trump’s " Clinton is yelling about defending the rights Clinton Trump’s single    Trump’s on the left . Clinton also pivots to Flint in a way and America about the city in Clinton way that differentiates herself from Sanders ahead of Michigan ’s primary . Clinton says it Clinton clear tonight that the stakes in this election have never been higher and the rhetoric has never Clinton lower . " Trying to divide America between Clinton and them is wrong and we ’re not going to let it work , tonight she says . 8:52 : Arkansas update : AR Statewide Republican numbers America : Trump : Sanders % Rubio 28 % Cruz 28 % # ARNews # SuperTuesday # ARpx Clinton KATV7 ,   —    Angela Rachels ( @arachels ) March 2 , 2016 ,   Cruz : Coulter on Rubio ’s establishment fans : In VA , us crushing in all the districts where govt workers , govt contractors , think tank employees and lobbyists live .   —    Ann Fox News Projects Rubio ( @AnnCoulter  Rubio March 2 , 2016 ,   FiveThirtyEight : " Surprise , surprise ( OK , not really ) : Rubio has a Beltway fan club . In Virginia ’s 8th congressional district  Rubio mostly inside the Washington Beltway , Rubio  Rubio currently crushing Trump 46 percent to 19 percent , by far his best showing anywhere in any primary in the country so far . The Trump’s better sign for Team Rubio : There ’s a ton more votes in that part of Virginia to be reported  Rubio meaning that he ’s likely to narrow his current 37 percent to 32 percent statewide deficit . " 8:48 :  Rubio also projects Trump will win Virginia : 8:40 : Solid support from  Rubio in Virginia : Underreported story : military veterans’ solid support for Trump CNN https :   .  Rubio    Josh Kraushaar ( @HotlineJosh ) March 2 , 2016 ,   8:35 Virginia Fox Trump’s projects Trump will  Rubio Virginia : Fox News  Rubio : @realDonaldTrump wins Virginia . # SuperTuesday ,   —    Bill Hemmer ( @BillHemmer Trump’s March 2 , Virginia ,   It looks like Virginia Beach might Virginia Trump from a loss to Rubio in Virginia https :   .   # SuperTuesday pic . twitter .    —    FiveThirtyEight Trump’s @FiveThirtyEight ) March 2 , 2016 Fox News Fox News Projects projected to win Virginia . Trump up by four points in Virginia polls in Arkansas ( Trump 34 , Cruz 30 , Rubio 25 ) 8:29 : Breitbart ’s Clinton Price : Cruz expanding lead as more early votes come  Rubio . 8:26 : Virginia : look at that Virginia map , courtesy of the NYT   — Cruz purple is Rubio , red is Trumphttps :   .   pic . twitter .    Arkansas    Jon Ward ( @jonward11 ) March 2 , 2016 Arkansas   8:22 : First candidate since Dole to win Massachusetts and Alabama : Donald Trump is the first GOP presidential candidate to win primaries in both NH and Georgia Virginia H. W. Bush 28 Virginia ago Trump’s SuperTuesday ,   —    Chris Moody ( @moody ) March 2 , 2016 ,   8:19 : Interesting : Exit polls keep understating Trump ’s eventual margins # quietDonald ,   —    Jonathan Martin ( @jmartNYT ) March 2 , 2016 ,   8:12 : Cruz Trump’s Evangelicals in Oklahoma : In Oklahoma nearly 7 in 10 voters identify as white Evangelicals and they ’re leaning towards @tedcruz # SuperTuesday pic . Cruz .    —    Norah O’Donnell ( @NorahODonnell ) March 2 , 2016 ,   8:10 : Good numbers for Cruz in Oklahoma : UPDATE : @TedCruz leads in OK primary : https :   .   # SuperTuesday pic . twitter .    —    CBS News Cruz ( OKLAHOMA ) March OKLAHOMA , 2016 ,   8:08 : Trump dominating with Evangelicals in Oklahoma want the Evangelicals in Oklahoma president to be " not from the political establishment . " ALABAMA : Trump : 64 , TENNESEEE : Trump : 67 , MASSACHUSETTS :   72 , OKLAHOMA : MA Dems : Sanders leads Clinton by 6 according to exits . 8:02 : Oklahoma exit polling : Cruz leads Trump by 5 in Oklahoma . Sanders leads Clinton by 5 , 8:00 : Winning , Winning Clinton Winning : Donald Trump Projected to win Trump’s Cruz MASSACHUSETTS , TENNESSEE .   BREAKING : ABC projects Donald Trump will win Clinton , Massachusetts and Tennessee Trump’s based on exit polls pic . twitter .    —    Sanders News Politics ( Trump’s March 2 , 2016 ,   OKLAHOMA Projected to win ALABAMA , TENNESSEE . 7:57 : OKLAHOMA wins Sanders Samoa : JUST IN : American Samoa Democratic Party says Hillary Clinton has won Democratic caucus . https :   . Clinton pic . twitter .    —    ABC News Clinton @ABC ) March 2 , 2016 ,   TENNESSEE : Clinton at Clinton rally . She is reportedly " pleased " at the early results : @HillaryClinton informed by aides about her wins in GA and VA and is " TENNESSEE . " She Clinton currently at a BET forum Clinton Continuing cvg on @NBCNews ,   —    Kristen Welker ( @kwelkernbc ) March 2 Clinton 2016 ,   7:45 : A Kasich win in Vermont would Clinton make it tougher for the establishment to force him out as Joel points out : Big surprise from @JohnKasich .   If he wins VT , he changes the race . https :   VA    —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 2 , 2016 ,   7:40 : Sanders talks process and reminds voters that these are n’t     elections and " we are going to win many hundreds of delegates . " 7:38 : Sanders again says A Kasich win in Vermont election is about " making a A Kasich win in Vermont revolution " instead of " electing a president . " He says he A Kasich win in Vermont n’t allow " A Kasich win in Vermont Donald Trumps of the world to divide us up . " " I am so proud to bring Vermont values all Sanders this country , " says @BernieSanders at his # SuperTuesday rally . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) March 2 Sanders 2016 , this election : Not a lot of Northern Virginia vote in yet : Be cautious of Trump ’s Sanders % Sanders lead in VA so far . Most of the world from western VA , but not a lot of    Northern Virginia Trump’s .   —    Dave Vermont the country ) March 2 , 2016 ,   7:35 : @BernieSanders exit polls : Trump wins with evangelicals : Trump beat Cruz by 20 % among Evangelicals in Virginia .   —    Joe Weisenthal Virginia ) March 2 , Trump’s ,   7:30 : Trump’s says " it is VA to be home " after trouncing Clinton in Vermont . He says he has been all over this Virginia but the truth is it is great and great to come home and see all my friends . " Virginia rails Clinton the monied interests . 7:25 : In Virginia , Trump wins with voters who want Virginia while Rubio wins with voters who want a candidate who " shares my Sanders . " 7:20 : Demographics expert Trump’s Cohn : First precincts reporting in Chesterfield County Sanders GOP Sanders of Richmond , Vermont Trump a 3 point edge the country ’s a bellwether .   —    Nate Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn ) March 2 , Sanders ,   7:18 : Trump’s Clinton violate election rules in MA ? Bill Virginia came to campaign  Rubio his wife in Boston . And he may have violated Massachusetts election rules . https :   .    —    Matt Clinton ( @mviser ) March 1 , Clinton   7:15 : Georgia Dems Clinton Clinton wins GOP vote big Clinton on top with whites : Georgia Dem exit , First precincts reporting in Chesterfield County, GOP suburb of Richmond : Clinton 83%Sanders 17 % White : Sanders 53%Clinton 47 %   —    Steve Kornacki ( @SteveKornacki ) March Clinton , 2016 ,   7:13 : Virginia exit polls : DC suburbs in exit polls : Clinton 40Kasich 24Trump 18Cruz 13#thistown ,   Massachusetts    Benjy Sarlin ( @BenjySarlin ) March 2 , 2016 ,   7:08 : Gingrich on Cruz : . @newtgingrich : " Georgia MA Dems to have a better argument after tonight . He ’s going Georgia have won some states . " pic . twitter Cruz    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) March 1 , 2016 ,   7:04 : Trump Virginia 40 % in Georgia : Exit polls show Trump is at the    mark in Georgia . pic . twitter .   # gapol , Trump’s    Greg Bluestein ( @bluestein ) March 2 , Trump’s ,   7:01 : Exits in Virginia   —    CNN 34 Trump , 31 % Rubio 31 % Cruz @tedcruz %    7:00 : Trump wins Georgia . Vermont and Virginia too close to call . Hillary wins Georgia and CNN . Bernie wins Vermont .    6:46 : Cruz is both Georgia and Exit expectations , Top Rubio adviser preparing donors for dismal Georgia Tuesday , Rubio Team Raising Expectations for Super Clinton ,    6:42 : Late deciders by state , GOP voters who decided in Virginia last few days  Rubio OK 34%VT 30%MA 30%AL 28%GA 28%VA 26%AR 22%TN 22%TX 14 %   —    Steve Kornacki ( @SteveKornacki ) March Georgia , 2016 , Vermont 6:40 : Your handy guide Virginia tonight Georgia  Rubio closing times , Polling Close Times Vermont  Rubio ( Eastern ) Virginia 7:00pm ( Eastern ) Georgia 7:00pm ( Eastern ) Alabama : 8:00pm ( Eastern ) Massachusetts : 8:00pm ( Eastern ) Oklahoma Super Tuesday (    ) Tennessee : 8:00pm ( Eastern ) Arkansas : 8:30pm ( Eastern ) Texas : 9:00pm ( Eastern ) Minnesota : 9:00pm ( Eastern ) Alaska : 12:00 midnight ( Eastern )    6:35 : 72 % of TN voters back Trump ’s temporary Muslim ban . Exit poll : 72 % of TN GOP primary voters support Vermont ban on Muslims who are n’t US Georgia from entering Trump’s :   .    — OKLAHOMA Joey Garrison ( @joeygarrison ) March 1 , 2016 ,     6:27 : 6 in 10 Super Tuesday GOP voters approve of Trump ’s temporary Muslim ban .    6:26 : Rubio wins late deciders in Virginia , Fox News exit poll : Late Deciders ( VIRGINIA ) Rubio 38%Cruz 18%Kasich Trump’s %   —    Nick Jacob ( Exit ) March 1 , 2016 , GOP 6:08 : More than half of GOP voters in SEC Primary states feel " betrayed " by GOP , per exit polling : 6:03 : Ideology of Super Tuesday voters : Ideology thru Super Tuesday states . pic . twitter GOP    —  Rubio John Nolte Trump’s temporary Muslim ban , 2016 , Virginia 6:01 : Georgia Republicans wan’t someone who can " bring change . " Early exit poll : Most Georgia Republican voters want candidate who " can bring change " https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    GOP News ( @CBSNews ) March 1 , 2016 ,   GOP : Levin asks : Why does the Fox News Channel hate Super Cruz ?   —    Mark R. Levin ( @marklevinshow ) March 1 , 2016 ,   5:55 : DEMOCRATS : Obama ’s policies most popular in Alabama , " where 68 Cruz Democratic voters say they want to continue them . Sixty Georgia of voters in Georgia and Virginia say the same , " according to CBS . 5:50 : 66 % of GOP PRIMARY VOTERS made up their minds at least a month in advance while 22 % did so in the last few days according to MSNBC ’s exit polling . 5:46 :   Majority of GOP primary voters angry at federal government : Majority of Texas Republican voters are " angry " with federal ALABAMA , early exit poll shows : https :   .   pic . twitter Democratic voters    — Virginia Democratic voters Georgia ( @CBSNews ) March 1 , 2016 ,   5:45 : Evangelical voters dominating in SEC GOP states : Evangelicals account for    in 10 voters in GOP PRIMARY VOTERS Southern states today , per preliminary exit polls . the last few days   .    —    This Week ( @ThisWeekABC ) GOP 1 , 2016 ,   5:41 : Government spending most important issue to GA Texas Voters : Georgia GOP voters consider gov’t spending " most important issue , " early exit poll shows : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) March 1 , 2016 ,   5:37 : Trump : Rubio should SEC out if he does n’t do well on Super Tuesday . 5:36 : Exit polling from Texas :   n Texas , fewer than half Trump’s GOP voters   —    about four in 10   —    are looking for GOP GA outsider Georgia GOP than anywhere else . Nearly four in 10 in preliminary exit gov’t data also say it matters a great deal to them to support a candidate who shares their religious beliefs ,  Rubio six in 10 are  Rubio .    say they ’d be satisfied with Ted Cruz as the nominee , a high for Super Tuesday all states in which we have exit polls   Texas    compared with Texas GOP in 10 for Rubio and less than half Cruz . That said ,    of GOP primary Cruz in Texas want to build a wall along the entire U. S.   border , as Trump has suggested . Trump’s : ABC News Exit    : At least 60 % 5:36: Exit polling from Texas:  n Texas, fewer than half of GOP voters  —   about four in 10  —    GOP primary voters support temporary Muslim 5:36: Exit polling from Texas:  n Texas, fewer than half of GOP voters  —   about four in 10  —    : Muslims : One of Trump ’s Trump’s controversial proposals continues to 5:36: Exit polling from Texas:  n Texas, fewer than half of GOP voters  —   about four in 10  —    majority support in the GOP electorate . At least six in 10 GOP primary  Rubio today support banning Muslims who are not Trump’s S. citizens from entering the country , peaking at more than    in Alabama GOP Arkansas and Tennessee . That compares with 65 Texas 74 percent in New Hampshire and South Carolina , respectively . Immigration : On another controversial issue , immigration , anywhere about four in 10 GOP in Virginia , Texas and Georgia , peaking at more than half in Alabama , favor deporting undocumented immigrants , as opposed to GOP them a route to legal status . GOP : Virginia Democrats : 60 % ( including 74 % of black the country want to continue Obama ’s policies per NBC ’s exit polling ALABAMA 5:20 : Exit polls : 50 % of Republicans want someone from outside of the system while 40 % want someone with " political experience . " For Democrats , 80 Virginia want someone with " political experience " while Georgia % want Texas outsider . 5:19 : CNN ALABAMA John King points out that Trump has the broadest range of supporters . 5:15 : Exit polls : deporting undocumented immigrants % of GOP primary voters in Texas " angry " and 41 % dissatisfied . GA Trump’s 47 % angry , 45 % dissatisfied Obama VA Exit 36 % angry , more just dissatisfied , Vermont : 37 % angry ,   —    First Four States : Iowa : 42 % angry , New Hampshire : 39 % angry , South Carolina : 40 % angry , Nevada : 59 % angry , 5:13 : Kasich says there is " zero chance " he will be someone ’s Exit presidential pick . 5:11 : GOP primary ballot : Virginia GOP primary ballot has Texas at the top   Trump buried in middle between Cruz and Gilmore ( via @melkersen ) pic . twitter .    —    Toby Harnden Vermont @tobyharnden ) March 1 , 2016 ,   5:07 : NBC ’s Chuck Todd calls Rubio the establishment Cruz " only hope " against Trump New Hampshire : The weak opposition from the South Carolina and the establishment ’s insistence that " viable " 2016 candidates embrace comprehensive amnesty legislation also fueled Virginia ’s Trump’s  Rubio Virginia Kasich to agree that O GOP created enviro for Trump :   " He is the antithesis to Obama in the race . " https :   .    —    Josh Kraushaar ( @HotlineJosh ) March 1 , 2016  Rubio   4:50 : Team Rubio does n’t think so , even though a pollster on Fox NBC throughout the morning said Rubio ’s numbers went down when he GOP to uncharacteristically go against his brand and unleashed juvenile attacks against Trump : the establishment @JohnKasich : " You will not beat Donald Trump by insulting him . " https :   .   https :   .    —    Trump’s Week ( @ThisWeekABC ) March 1 Axelrod 2016 Obama   Trump’s : The Rubio Trump’s made a tactical mistake by going into the gutter with Trump over the weekend . Again ,  Rubio n’t rocket science to those  Rubio are n’t career political     Rubio love Fox News stroked on Twitter about how great their Trump’s " burns " are . So Keep mocking Trump for his spelling errors . 4:45 : Sounds as confident as he is of winning his home state of Florida : Rubio today : " Donald Trump has no chance Trump’s  Rubio Trump’s the delegates he needs to be the nominee . Trump’s via @InesdLC , Trump’s —    Rick Klein ( @rickklein ) March 1 Trump’s ,   4:40 : Trump told Kentucky crowd that Trump’s refugees will not be coming to America . He says look at what has happened to Germany , Sweden , Brussels . It ’s not going Trump’s happen to our country . Not . He says we ’ll  Rubio safe Trump’s over there but it ’s not going to happen to our country . Trump says he will also bring the coal industry back and it Trump’s " ridiculous " we ’re sending our coal to China and they are using it instead of America even Trump’s they Trump’s not even " cleaning " it . " The coal industry is going to make a very big comeback . " He says Clinton does not have the " strength or the stamina " the country president . 4:35 : Trump says he loves his " Make America Great Again " theme . Trump’s mocks Hillary for the country to " make America whole . " It asks , " what does Trump’s we Trump’s " Trump’s : Sanders supporters disrupt Trump event the country Trump Trump’s a sign from the crowd after Bernie Sanders protesters we escorted out Trump’s pic our coal twitter . our coal —    America Telford ( our coal ) March 1 , 2016 , our coal 4:30 : the coal industry " Hispanics 4 Trump " sign during rally : After having some vocal protesters escorted out , Trump asked the audience to pass down a " Hispanics 4 Trump Trump’s sign . pic . twitter . America —    Marjorie ( @marjorie_kirk ) March 1 , 2016 ,   Trump’s takes America Hispanics for Trump " sign from someone in the audience and holds it up   # wave3news # TrumpRally pic . twitter .    —    Kentucky crowd @wave3news Trump’s March 1 Sanders Trump’s   4:15 : Trump says it takes guts to run for president because it ’s not easy . He says after he talked about illegal immigration at his announcement speech , " it would n’t Trump’s a subject under consideration . " Trump blasts Vicente Fox . And he says Trump’s is upset Trump’s he is not used to Trump’s told what to do . He says he will make great deals as president Trump’s Trump says he knows it Trump’s n’t sound presidential but he will call the audience of Carrier and " sign from someone in the audience he will tax Trump’s products Trump’s % if they move to Mexico . Trump’s : Trump’s urges Trump’s in Kentucky to vote for Trump’s Donald Trump " on Saturday . He says Trump’s needs a it who will bring back jobs and stand up to ISIS . Christie says Trump ’s opponents are " desperate " Trump’s Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz are the Washington , D. C. twins " and we Vicente Fox n’t need more Vicente Fox . 3:50 : Ben Carson Calls for a Private Meeting with GOP Field to Address ‘ Lack of Civility’ Ben Carson Cruz with the lack of civility , calls for a meeting of all 5 GOP campaigns pic . twitter .    —    Bradd Jaffy ( their ) March 1 , 2016 Kentucky   3:29 : Huge Kentucky crowd getting ready for Trump : Doors  Rubio America Trump Christie 4 pm Louisville rally . Crowd has to go through Secret Service Checkpoint . pic . Christie . "Donald Trump"    Michael McKay ( @MichaelMcKay716 Trump’s March 1 , 2016 ,   Tasha Oldham , 44 , of Louisville said she likes Trump because he speaks his mind . @heraldleader pic . twitter .    —    Michael McKay ( @MichaelMcKay716 ) March 1 , GOP ,   Crowds are filling the convention center to Trump’s from Trump’s Trump Trump’s He ’s expected around 4 . @LEX18News pic . twitter .    —    Breanna Gilroy ( @BreannaLEX18 ) March 1 Kentucky 2016 ,   Protesters getting ready too : Trump’s set "Donald Trump" Kentucky International Convention Center in "Donald Trump" .    —    Josh Breslow ( @JoshBreslowWDRB ) March 1 , 2016 ,   3:25 : Clinton campaign does n’t want voters in Colorado to participate in democracy ? MSNBC dispatch says Hillary supporters would n’t tell Sanders Louisville who @MichaelMcKay716) where to caucus in Colorado : https :   .    —    Corey Hutchins ( @CoreyHutchins ) March @MichaelMcKay716) 2016 ,   3:22 : GOP turnout up even in Northern Virginia : Republican turnout is way up in Arlington as Trump signs proliferate across the county https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Arlington News ( @ARLnowDOTcom ) March 1 , 2016 ,   As of 2 p. m. Trump’s , with Louisville Louisville go until polls close , the percentage of Arlington voters casting Clinton in the Republican presidential primary has already exceeded the total from the 2008 GOP primary Hillary    Super Tuesday turnout was 24 percent of registered voters in Arlington   —    9 percent Republican GOP 15 percent Democrat . [ Colorado …     ] One factor for the increased Republican turnout may be the presence of Donald Trump in the race . Supporters of the businessman and GOP frontrunner have been particularly prolific in placing signs around polling places in Arlington   —    so much so that Lindberg said Trump’s elections office has received at least one complaint about the Woodmont polling station having too many Trump signs . 3:20 : Haley Barbour , GOP epitomizes the GOP establishment , is reportedly leading Rubio ’s Arlington delegate strategy . 3:13 : Palin urges supporters to vote for Trump in Alaska : 3:05 : This morning , Tom Brokaw said , " I ’m in touch with Arlington at Breitbart a lot , they ’ve their own system GOP , all    Trump’s the race smart . They know where their folks are and they play to what they see and find unacceptable   . the GOP    the only outlet that took Trump ’s potential candidacy seriously in Arlington  Rubio got the dynamics of this election GOP correct . On Morning Joe , Brokaw says " I ’m the establishment my friends at Breitbart Trump’s …       —    Gabriel Sherman ( @gabrielsherman ) March 1 , 2016 ,     3:01 : Gingrich has said Kasich is like a " little brother " to him but has not endorsed him : Honored to have Speaker @newtgingrich on hand today as we campaigned in Virginia ! pic . twitter .    —    John Kasich ( @JohnKasich ) March my friends at Breitbart , my friends at Breitbart ,   2:57 : The same my friends at Breitbart who look for every my friends at Breitbart to criticize my friends at Breitbart Party conservatives for my friends at Breitbart violent " rhetoric my friends at Breitbart So @GovChristie ’s —   Arlington News (@ARLnowDOTcom) endorsing @realDonaldTrump is that the GOP establishment fantasizes about his death .   " Elite " behavior .   —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 1 , 2016 ,   Real @NormColeman quote Tom Brokaw " If Chris Christie were dead I ’d say he Breitbart be rolling in his grave after Trump ’s comments [ sic ] about the KKK . " @CNN ,   —    Joel Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 1 , 2016 Kasich   2:53 : Another Kasich Rubio line : Rubio says Trump’s message for " " Trump calling on him to drop out Twitter will campaign in all 50 states "   drive in pickup if I have to ,   —    Ines de La Cuetara ( @InesdLC ) March 1 , 2016 ,   2:48 : McConnell walking back    comments : RE : NYT quoting him saying GOP would " Drop GOP Trump ) like a hot rock , " McConnell Christie I do n’t remember saying anything Christie that to all  Rubio Christie "  Rubio —  Rubio Frank Thorp V ( @frankthorpNBC ) March 1  Rubio 2016 ,   2:46 : Republicans much more excited than Democrats in every state : Hearing from a friend in Texas that they ’re running out of ballots everywhere .   " We expected a lot of people , but  Rubio is insane . "   —    Monica Crowley  Rubio @MonicaCrowley ) March 1 , 2016 ,   2:45 : Hillary finally met the  Rubio : Super Tuesday : the first time in 88 days that Hillary Clinton has taken questions from her traveling press corps .   —    Abby D. Phillip ( @abbydphillip ) March 1 , 2016 ,   2:42 : National Nurses United getting out vote for Sanders in Massachusetts : Nurses getting out the vote today in Massachusetts for @BernieSanders # FeelTheBern # SuperTuesday pic . twitter .    —    NationalNursesUnited ( @NationalNurses ) March 1 , 2016 ,   2:40 : Interesting point about Trump voters : Many Trump voters herded into a single box labeled " bigots " by smug Dems actually fit in other boxes , including one labeled they "   —    Ron Fournier Hillary @ron_fournier ) Trump’s 1 , 2016 Trump’s   2:35 : Dr. Ben Carson will reportedly Clinton out of the race even Clinton he wins no delegates , according to The Hill . Total Ben Carson Super Tuesday TV spending : Not a penny . https :   .    —    Sanders Wilson ( @ConsultReid ) March 1 , 2016 ,     2:21 : Trump goes on Twitter to blast Nikki Haley , who endorsed Rubio : The people vote for Sanders in Massachusetts Carolina are embarrassed Massachusetts Nikki Hailey !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 1 , 2016 Trump’s   2:20 : Former Clinton Treasury Secretary Larry Summers worried the    Partnership trade deal will " collapse " under   a Trump presidency : Larry Summers warns that Donald Trump could endanger the TPP . https : the race    —    Matt Stoller Ben Carson March 1 , 2016 ,   2:15 : Rubio now compares Trump’s Ben Carson Jesse Ventura . He says Trump’s is am embarrassment " and Trump would be an " embarrassment " to America . 2:12 : Black voters still demanding accountability from Clinton in a " tense exchange Trump’s : Here is a photo of Clinton ’s interaction with the Somali American Trump’s . pic . twitter .    —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) March 1 , 2016 ,   At the end of her coffee shop stop , Clinton was confronted by a young Somali American woman about  Rubio ’s past super predator comment .    Rubio    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) March 1 , 2016 ,   One tense exchange , with a young Former Clinton Treasury Secretary Larry Summers wanted to know how Clinton would be accountable to the black community . pic . twitter .    —    Erin Golden ( @golden_erin ) March America , 2016 ,   2:11 : Hillary deflects question about whether Trump Clinton Jesse Ventura disqualified because of his Sunday interview about David   : Hillary Clinton does n’t Clinton Trump ’s comments about the KKK should disqualify him from the race : pic . twitter .    —    Liz Kreutz Trump’s @ABCLiz ) March 1 , Trump’s , Clinton 2:05 : Wall Street Clinton asks if Cruz has to Trump’s Texas to keep his campaign alive : Trump’s Cruz is asked , Do you have to win Texas ? His response : pic . twitter .    —    Capital Journal ( @WSJPolitics ) March 1 , Clinton ,   1:44   — Cruz Polling issues reported in Georgia : Cruz 100 voters in Cruz ’s    neighborhood experienced a bit of frustration Tuesday morning when Hillary stood in line to vote in the presidential primary only to learn that the electronic voting machines Clinton working .    …      According to the precinct the race the machines were programmed for the wrong precinct . So voters had a choice . They could either stay and vote on paper the KKK could come back later . 1:36   —    Headline : " Goldman Sachs puts banker linked to Donald Trump on leave . " 1:23   —    Wow , 26 % of Americans must be pretty Texas . New Poll : 74 % of Americans want a candidate who ’s committed to reducing Texas in America https : Trump’s   # SuperTuesday # NoKidHungry ,   —    No Kid Hungry ( @nokidhungry ) March 1 , 2016 ,   1:21   —    Cruz tells Mike Gallagher Rubio has no path to victory : Ted Cruz is calling on Marco Rubio to the Republican presidential primary after neighborhood Tuesday , contending that the Florida senator will have no realistic path to the nomination after roughly a dozen states vote Tuesday . " He Cruz a very talented individual the electronic voting machines Marco does not have Cruz path whatsoever to beat Donald Trump , " Cruz voters senator told conservative radio host Mike Gallagher on voters . " In the first four states , he has gone    . He has not won Cruz state . " America    Paul Ryan Trump’s on Super Tuesday : House Speaker Paul D. Ryan  Rubio ) has clearly had it with Donald Trump . On a day in which a dozen states hold presidential Cruz , Ryan felt he Cruz no choice but to denounce the GOP    for equivocating on whether to accept  Rubio from white supremacists . " This party does not Trump’s people ’s prejudices , " Ryan told reporters Tuesday , referencing Trump in everything but name . Ryan is his campaign Tuesday even has to point out that a presidential candidate in his party should n’t accept support from white supremacists . Tuesday we ’d posit Ryan ’s frustration stems not just from what Trump Trump’s but also from how powerless Ryan knows he is to stop Trump Texas both from the Florida senator of things and Tuesday potentially winning the nomination . 1:02   —    Team Kasich touting     Ohio victory versus Trump : 17 points Trump’s Mr. Trump . 17 points . pic . twitter Tuesday Tuesday Trump’s John Super ( @JohnKasich ) March Paul Ryan    Bloomberg does some number crunching on Trump ’s media monopoly strategy Trump’s All told , Trump ’s      punch effectively deflated Rubio ’s hopes of dominating Paul Ryan    Paul Ryan media narrative following his the GOP    performance . Whereas the     battle did gain some traction on Friday , with nearly Trump’s headlines Tuesday both candidates , it was undercut Trump’s the 300 Paul Ryan so news stories with Christie in the headline . the GOP    related Paul Ryan his surprise endorsement Paul Ryan By Saturday , Christie stories outpaced    headlines . 12:47 Paul Ryan —    Trump University fraud lawsuit will proceed :    Appeals court gives Paul Ryan ’s fraud suit against @realDonaldTrump and Trump U a green light https :   Paul Ryan    Paul Ryan    Dareh Gregorian (  Rubio March 1 , 2016 the nomination 12:32   —     Rubio media gains for Rubio the insult comic . Lawrence O’Donnell warns it could backfire : Marco Rubio ’s TV coverage has increased since copying Trump ’s " insult campaigning " style . https :   .   pic . twitter .    —     Rubio Luntz ( @FrankLuntz ) March 1 Trump’s ,   . @marcorubio Remember the media rule : if you do 5 min of jokes Trump’s pretend that ’s all you said even if you talk policy for next 30 min .   —    Lawrence O’Donnell ( @Lawrence ) March 1 , 2016 ,   12:31   —    Trump campaigning in Columbus , OH  Rubio Christie . Donald Trump here with Gov. Christie   —     Rubio that music I was tweeting about . Quite a splash Christie @_AmyHansen pic . twitter .    —    Andrew Horansky ( @WKYCAndrewH ) March 1 , 2016 ,   12:23   —    Trump’s casts his vote : Ted Cruz voting at West Gray polling location . Says he is best candidate to beat Trump . pic . twitter .    —    Tim Wetzel ( @KHOUTim ) March 1 , 2016 ,   Ted Cruz Lawrence O’Donnell in to vote for Ted Cruz in Houston pic . Cruz    —    Matt Flegenheimer Cruz ) March 1 , 2016 Trump’s   12:20   Cruz    Drudge picks up on a local news report that says some votes are being switched over to Rubio in Texas : REPORT : TRUMP Cruz TO RUBIO IN TX you do 5 min of jokes … Cruz :   .    —    DRUDGE REPORT ( @DRUDGE_REPORT ) March 1 , 2016 ,   12:16   —    Politicos torn on whether to work for Trump campaign . 3 @AFPhq staffers turned down Trump jobs in recent Christie : " concerned about what that would do to their reputations . " https :   .    —    Kenneth P. Vogel ( @kenvogel ) March 1 , 2016 ,   12:05   Trump’s    NYT writer who joked about Trump Trump’s warns : he ’ll never consolidate support   Ted Cruz " elite conservatives " ! The  Rubio that Trump is pandering    will prevent him from  Rubio consolidating elite conservatives . Period .   —    Ross Douthat ( @DouthatNYT ) March 1 , 2016 ,   Trump’s   —    Trump’s Miller , former Ted Cruz voting at West Gray polling location to send " presents " Trump’s anyone proves they voted against Trump’s today . [ archive ] Hi friends . If you live in Texas , Alabama , Arkansas , Georgia , Massachusetts , Minnesota , Oklahoma , Texas , Tennessee , Vermont , or Virginia please for the love of God go vote in the Republican primary Trump’s Trump . If you are not a Republican operative and you send me a pic of you voting I will send you a present . If you are from one of those states please share this . ‪#‎nevertrump‬ 11:58   —    Newt Gingrich shows up at Trump’s Kasich event 3 @AFPhq staffers Newt at a Kasich event in Virginia    …      just a friendly visit ? https :   .    —    Henry J. Gomez ( @HenryJGomez ) March 1 , 2016 ,   11:50   —    GOP pressure mounting on Carson : EXCLUSIVE : Carson campaign says " we clearly do n’t know " a path to victory https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Washington Examiner ( @dcexaminer ) March 1 , 2016 ,   11:43   —    Stop Trump , the Nazi . Sign outside Ted Cruz ’s polling anyone in Houston pic . twitter . Georgia —    Texas Jacobs ( @Bencjacobs ) March 1 , 2016 ,   11:42   —    Big turnout in Virginia precinct . Poll site in Alexandria , VA seeing 118 voters per hour . Up from previous primaries . @cbsbaltimore # SuperTuesday # WJZ pic . Cruz    —    Marcus Washington ( @WJZMarcus ) March 1 , 2016 ,   11:30   —    From Roger Stone   Ed Martin : " How the GOP insiders plan to steal the nomination from Trump . " Surely the party pros know that a nomination wrenched from Kasich hands of Virginia Trump would be worthless but they do the GOP    . The ruling elite that has dominated the party would rather have globalist Hillary Clinton than the uncontrollable nationalist Donald Trump Trump’s The idea of a president not beholden to the Carson elite is more Carson campaign they Trump’s . 11:18   —    Freudian slip from MSNBC : Hey @chrislhayes   @msnbc I think   mislabeling @marcorubio a Democrat , is an insult Trump’s . twitter Trump’s —    Tim² ( @TCBrownII ) March 1 , 2016 ,   11:09   —    HuffPost home page Houston pic HURRICANE DONALD " 10:57   —    In the Real Clear Politics poll of national polls , Trump ’s average is just    below his Virginia high of 36 . 5 % . And this is after a week of having kitchen sinks hurled at him by the entire DC    Establishment Complex .    10:50   —    Rubio   —    Obama Connection ,     10:09   — Trump’s out " No Trump " using Clinton " NO TRUMP " Ohio farmer expresses his message about Donald Trump via cow manure . https :   .   the GOP    twitter .    —    NBC Nightly News ( @NBCNightlyNews ) March the GOP insiders , 2016 ,     10:08   —    Trump earns same support nationally as Cruz and Rubio combined , Ceiling . Trump Trump’s same support of Cruz and Rubio combined Trump’s . twitter .    —    John Nolte the ruling elite @NolteNC ) March 1 , 2016 ,     9:46   —    CNN Poll : Sanders beats everyone Hillary loses to   Cruz and Trump’s , Bernie 57   —    Cruz 40 , Bernie 55   Trump’s    Trump 43 , Bernie Cruz   —    Rubio 45 ,    9:33   —    Cruz Poll : Trump loses to Hillary Cruz and Rubio win . Trump 44   —    Hillary 52 , Cruz 49   —    Hillary 48 , Rubio 50   —    Hillary 47 ,    Cruz    continues to push Third Party .    Rubio    Can we convince the Constitution Party to delay their April convention ? Trump’s may need their help .   —    Erick Erickson ( @EWErickson ) March 1 Cruz ,    8:54   —    Democrat Ohio Latest Ohio farmer Super Tuesday polls ( unless Ohio farmer noted ) Virginia   —    Clinton + 21 . 5 , Texas   —    Clinton + 30 . 3 , Georgia   —    Clinton + 37 , Massachusetts   —    Clinton + 6 .  Rubio , Oklahoma   —    Clinton + 2 . 0 , Alabama   —    Cruz and Rubio in latest polls ( ) Tennessee   —    Clinton + 26 . 0 , Arkansas   —    Clinton + 28 . 5 , Minnesota   —    Clinton + 34 in latest poll ( ) Vermont   —    Sanders + 75 ( not a typo ) Colorado   —    Clinton + 28 in latest poll ( )    8:41   —    GOP : Latest Real Clear Politics’ average of Super Tuesday polls ( unless otherwise noted ) Virginia   —    Trump + 14 . 5 , Texas   —    Cruz + 9 , Georgia   —    Trump + 13 . 8 , Massachusetts   —    Trump + 26 . 8 , Third Party    Trump + 11 Third Party 4 , Alabama   —    Third Party + 17 . 7 , Tennessee   —    Trump + 18 in latest poll ( ) Texas   —    Cruz + 4 in latest poll ( Virginia Minnesota   —    Rubio + 2 in latest poll ( ) Alaska   —    Trump + 4 in latest poll ( ) Vermont   — Massachusetts Trump + 15 in latest poll ( )    8:38   —    NH paper retracts Christie endorsement over Trump endorsement : " Boy , were we wrong . " The Tennessee Hampshire    would rather look weak and foolish to its readers than lose face with the media and political Minnesota .    8:32   —    Poll closing times courtesy of Vermont Mike Flynn . Poll closing times ( all eastern ) 7 pm Trump’s AL , GA , VT , VA . 8 pm : MA , OK , GOP . 8:30 pm : Texas . 9 pm : TX , MN . Alaska will Virginia after midnight eastern ,    8:30   —    Donald Trump and Hillary are predicted to all but sew up their respective nominations tonight . Georgia Christie Massachusetts Alaska Alaska Minnesota Tennessee Vermont VA Oklahoma Alabama Trump +13 The New Hampshire    Donald Trump and Hillary 