Fox News host Megyn Kelly defended Sen. Marco Rubio after Chris Christie accused the freshman senator of being too scripted and avoiding tough questions on the campaign trail . [ " Do you take offense at him calling you a boy , a boy in a bubble ? " Megyn Kelly asked Sen. Marco Rubio during an interview with him on the campaign trail in New Hampshire .   " As far as answering questions , Megyn , I ’ve been with him at least once a week , " Sen. Marco Rubio responded . " We did a debate , you ’ve asked me tough questions    …      others have asked me tough questions . " " Lots of others , " Megyn Kelly agreed . " I answer tough questions all the time , " Sen. Marco Rubio said . " Sen. Marco Rubio says you ’re too scripted . You are very smooth . " Megyn Kelly agreed , describing Sen. Marco Rubio speech after the Iowa caucuses as " amazing . " " You were so articulate , there was no teleprompter , " Megyn Kelly added . " To those who say ‘ Oh , Sen. Marco Rubio ’s scripted’   —    Is that scripted or is that just how you talk ? " " That ’s what I believe , " Sen. Marco Rubio replied . " And obviously when you ’re running a campaign you ’re driving a message , but why would I tell people anything other than what I believe passionately ? " " Well I will vouch for you   —    that you have come on the Kelly File regularly and you always sit for the tough questions . " Kelly replied . " And I ’ll note for the record , you never complain , never once   —    even if we ask really tough questions , which I appreciate . " Kelly then asked Sen. Marco Rubio how Kelly would handle Donald Trump if Kelly found Kelly in the " crosshairs " of Kelly attacks . " We ’ll deal with it , " Sen. Marco Rubio added . " If someone says something that ’s not true or I think it ’s below the dignity of the presidency , We ’ll address it . But I ’m not going to get off the topic of why I ’m running to begin with . Again , I did n’t get in this race to fight with other Republicans . " Kelly followed up by asking Sen. Marco Rubio if Kelly felt that former Florida governor Jeb Bush should get out of this race . Sen. Marco Rubio replied that everybody running should have their everybody running . " I respect these people that are running . This is hard . They these people that are running working just as hard as I am , " he Kelly . " They these people that are running right to see it through . " 
 