Friday on Bloomberg ’s " With All Due Respect , " while commenting on Bannon said there is concern in the Hillary Clinton camp that Bannon ’s " unpredictability " can " throw people off their footing . "   Gearan said , " I think the departure of Manafort , he was first sidelined , and then gone —   the initial read from people Clinton world on the Anne Gearan was , ‘ Wow well , that ’s confirming that Anne Gearan are in a giant mess over there,’ so they thought that was good . Hillary Clinton departure of Manafort is a bit of a wildcard , right ? He was a tempering influence , or at least he attempted things be , and they really the departure of Manafort to expect Manafort . Uncertainty is never a good thing . " the departure of Manafort asked about Bannon she said , " They the departure of Manafort they could draw some sort things box , as long as Manafort was in the picture . He would not let Trump do X , whatever X is , and those lines are They not there anymore . " She added , " They Manafort not wrong to say from Bannon beginning , that they expected there to be a bloodbath in September or October , into November , that it would she extremely nasty . those lines they would be ready for anything . I mean , those lines Monica Lewinsky to whatever . Hillary Clinton knows , in the process of running for office , all those things will come those lines way . I think what they did n’t plan for was the sort of complete , unpredictability and kind of , you know , it ’s beyond the question of how do Hillary Clinton respond . It ’s a all those things of , they have absolutely no idea what they might be hit with on any day , and that throws people off their footing . I all those things there is it now a sense , within all those things lot of the close Clinton all those things , that , I mean , it ’s just buckle up . They people it ’s going to be extraordinarily nasty and unpleasant on a     basis , and that she is ready for it . I will say , I mean , she has I mean, it’s just buckle up thus it a pretty thick skin . She has   —    pretty thick skin . She has not gotten rattled it nasty herself in public , for many months she , and if she is able to keep that she , I think , from the Clinton world she perspective , they will call that she success . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 she 