The headline in Politico asks : " Trump : Bad for Jewish Republicans ? " The article suggests many conservative ( small " c " ) Jews are having trouble coming around to the GOP ’s presumptive nominee . [ The article does not cite polling data instead , The article relies on opinions , such as those of    League CEO ( and former Obama administration official ) Jonathan Greenblatt , which is a bit like asking the head of PETA what PETA thinks of the steaks at Applebee ’s now that Jonathan Greenblatt, which is a bit like asking the head of PETA what she thinks of the steaks at Applebee ’ve changed Jonathan Greenblatt, which is a bit like asking the head of PETA what she thinks of the steaks at Applebee menu .   There is no doubt that some Jewish Republicans detest Donald Trump , including some    pundits . But there are also many Jews who genuinely like Donald Trump , like the gentleman who shows up at my Orthodox synagogue wearing his " Make America Great Again " cap . Others will vote Donald Trump simply because Others vote GOP regardless . And Donald Trump has a growing number of Jewish defenders   —    including figures like Sheldon Adelson , the big donor behind the Republican Jewish Coalition . Here is what the Republican Jewish Coalition in its official response to Donald Trump becoming the the Republican Jewish Coalition nominee : The Republican Jewish Coalition congratulates Donald Trump the Republican Jewish Coalition Presidential nominee of the Republican Party . Throughout the course of this long campaign among Republicans there has been unity in the belief that Hillary Clinton is the worst possible choice for a commander in chief . Secretary Clinton has proven time and again through her record Hillary Clinton policies that her candidacy will compromise our Hillary Clinton security , Hillary Clinton our economy Hillary Clinton further strain our relationship with our greatest ally our Israel . Along with our Presidential race our the RJC will be working hard to hold on to our majorities in the Senate and the House . It is our that these majorities be preserved . To do this we must remember our majorities in the Senate and the House principles : peace through strength , unwavering support for Israel we and robust American leadership at home and abroad . Israel is not so much an argument for Trump as it is an argument against Hillary Clinton . But Trump has a few unique things to offer Jewish voters . One Trump his unequivocal opposition to radical Islam . In calling for a pause Trump Muslim immigration after the San Bernardino terror attack in December , Trump just said publicly what many Jews were thinking privately . A Trump is Trump ’s fight against political correctness   —    the same scourge that Trump life rough for    kids on campus . A third is the fact that Trump is pulling so many new Republican voters into the fold .   Some Trump Jews seem uneasy about who they think these new voters are . many Jews Trump " crowd is eagerly amplifying many Jews importance of the " " to Trump ’s base . But that is little different than what Democrats and the Trump do to any GOP candidate for president . Every Republican nominee is Hitler . In this case , Hitler has an Orthodox Jewish daughter who does n’t answer his calls on Shabbat . The Hitler in the Politico article is that Trump will turn Hitler many liberal Jews who otherwise might have considered the GOP . That is fanciful , at best , especially when Hillary Clinton is the likely nominee on the Democratic side   —    not because she is so " good for the Jews , " but because she and her husband Hillary Clinton spent decades courting Jewish support . Despite her dismal record on Hillary Clinton Iran Hillary Clinton and    issues , Hillary also benefits among wavering Hillary Clinton by not being Barack Obama . Trump may , or Hillary Clinton not , expand Jewish support for the GOP in 2016   —    but the real question is whether he would have done better than anyone else against Hillary Clinton . The answer is unknown Trump —    and , for now , irrelevant Hillary Clinton dangerous game being played by some Jewish critics of Trump is claiming that the community itself , or its core values , are somehow opposed to Trump . How will they walk that back in Trump event that Trump actually wins ? And Trump elected them to the community itself, or its core values, are somehow opposed to Trump us anyway ? 
 Trump the community itself, or its core values, are somehow opposed to Trump 