After a week of addressing speculation that he might challenge Donald Trump for the presidency in 2020 , actor Dwayne Johnson went ahead and made it official in actor Dwayne Johnson monologue during the 42nd season finale of Saturday Night Live . [ Well , sort of .   The Baywatch star and former wrestler welcomed fellow    SNL host Tom Hanks to the stage during actor Dwayne Johnson monologue , where the two jokingly revealed The Baywatch star and former wrestler plans to share a ticket in 2020 , with Johnson quipping that actor Dwayne Johnson was perhaps " too qualified " for the job . " Together , we would get 100 percent of the vote . I would get the senior vote , because I fought in World War II   …      in like ten different movies , " Hanks joked . " And I of course would get the minority vote , " added Johnson . " Because everyone just assumes , I ’m , well , whatever they are . " Hanks and Johnson then practiced looking directly into the camera to reassure Americans during times of crisis , with Johnson promising Johnson would remain poised if an earthquake threatened to separate California from the rest of the country , a reference to Johnson role in the 2015 disaster film San Andreas . " Dammit , if I do n’t get down to that fault line and detonate the warhead the entire state is going to sink , " Johnson deadpanned . " Fuel up the submarine and tell the Secret Service to pack my trunks . Johnson ’s going for a swim . " Johnson Johnson revealed that the pair ’s White House ambitions were a joke , before adding in a shot at Trump without mentioning his Johnson . " When it comes to politics , we need more poise and less noise . Americans deserve strong capable leaders , leaders who care about this country and care about its this country , " he Johnson . Johnson Johnson his Johnson aspirations in an interview with GQ this month , telling the GQ Johnson a run for the presidency as a " real possibility . " " A year ago , it started GQ up more and more , " the actor   —    known as The Rock in his Johnson days   —    told the outlet .   " There was a real sense of earnestness , which made me go home and think ‘ Let me really rethink my answer and make sure I am giving an answer that is truthful and also respectful . ’ " Johnson Johnson speculation about his Johnson plans in subsequent appearances on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon and on Good Morning America this week . The Johnson he believes Johnson president is within his " Johnson set . " Saturday night ’s show capped the The Tonight Show season of Saturday Night Live and marked the final show for departing longtime cast members Bobby Moynihan and Vanessa Bayer . Watch Johnson ’s monologue above .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 