TEL AVIV   —    While Hillary Clinton ’s team is currently pushing the narrative that Russia interfered in the presidential election in favor of Donald Trump , it was Hillary Clinton’s ’s campaign team who were actually caught     —    with a paper trail to prove it   —    strategizing how to interfere in the GOP presidential primaries with the goal of ensuring that Donald Trump was the Republican nominee . [ Last month , Wikileaks published an email containing a document sent to the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) from Clinton’s ’s campaign detailing a strategy to help ensure that Clinton’s opponent would be a " Pied Piper " candidate and not a    mainstream Republican , like Jeb Bush or Marco Rubio .   The " Pied Piper " candidates , according to the Clinton’s campaign document , were Trump , Ted Cruz and Ben Carson . The concept , which clearly failed miserably for Clinton’s , was to aid in the rise of one of these The "Pied Piper" candidates believing each of them to The "Pied Piper" candidates " unpalatable to a majority of the electorate " and the weakest candidates against Clinton’s . The underhanded scheme was outlined in a    document , dated April 7 , 2015 and titled , " 2016 GOP presidential candidates . " The document , intended for the DNC , was contained in an email from Marissa Astor , Clinton Clinton’s manager Robby Mook ’s assistant , and sent to several Clinton Clinton’s , including campaign chairman John Podesta .   The correspondence was posted by Wikileaks , which published the contents of Podesta ’s private campaign chairman John Podesta . " This memo is intended to outline the strategy and goals a potential Hillary Clinton’s campaign would have regarding the 2016 Republican presidential field . Clearly most of what is contained in this memo is work the This memo already doing .   This exercise is intended to put those ideas to paper , " the document states . " We need to be elevating the Pied Piper candidates so that they are leaders of the pack the Pied Piper candidates tell the press to them seriously , " the memo the Pied Piper candidates . " Our This memo that the goal of the Pied Piper candidates potential HRC campaign and the DNC would be     : to make whomever the Republicans nominate unpalatable to a majority of the electorate , " stated the memo . The subject line of This memo email was " Friday Strategy Call at 8:00 AM ET , " indicating the paper was to be used for a strategy phone call . The Observer last month reported on the memo , noting that the plan seemed This memo been put into action : All the Clinton campaign had to do was push the mainstream media in the general direction of covering and attacking Trump as though he was the star of the Republican presidential primaries Trump As the presumed Democratic nominee , whomever she decided to dignify by responding to —   the presumed Democratic nominee the comments were directed at her or not —   would be presumed to the presumed Democratic nominee the spokesperson , or nominee , of the Republican Party . " Clinton , Trump trade insults as rhetoric heats up between " Trump the headline from a CNN article in September 2015 . " Hillary Clinton Seizes On Donald Trump ’s Remarks to Galvanize Women , " Trump New York Times headline from December . Several media outlets criticized the mainstream media obsession with Trump , but despite a few concerns that the media Trump propping up his legitimacy as a candidate with their constant news coverage Trump it continued unabatedly . The Several media outlets media was more than the media to do the the media DNC ’s work for them by creating a narrative that the 2016 presidential elections was about the Clinton campaign and DNC Clinton vs. Donald Trump . The liberal Salon . com covered Clinton in an article titled , " How the Hillary Clinton campaign deliberately ‘ elevated’ Donald Trump with its ‘ pied piper’ Clinton "   " What was not often acknowledged The liberal Salon Trump ’s heated race against Democrat Hillary Clinton , however , was how her deliberately ‘elevated’ Donald Trump his rise to Clinton reported Salon . Aaron Klein is Breitbart Clinton Jerusalem bureau Clinton and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . With research by Joshua Klein .  
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 