Friday on his radio show , conservative talker Sean Hannity responded in detail to The Wall Street Journal ’s deputy editorial page editor Bret Stephens , who had referred to conservative talker Sean Hannity as Fox News Channel ’s " dumbest anchor " in a tweet that included a link to a story that detailed conservative talker Sean Hannity expressing his frustration with some Republicans that had been critical of Republicans party ’s presidential nominee Donald Trump .   Fox News’ dumbest anchor had a message for y’ all : https :   .   via @Yahoo ,   —    Bret Stephens ( @StephensWSJ ) August 5 , 2016 ,   Hannity had rattled off a number of Hannity own tweets in response to Stephens , referring to Hannity as a " dumbass " and an " asshole . " Wsj genius . Where were u when Boehner punted on the power of the purse a added nearly 5 trillion in new debt ? https :   .    —    Sean Hannity ( @seanhannity ) August 5 , 2016 ,   Where were you when R party refused to use the power of the purse to defund the purse   https :   .    —    Sean Hannity ( @seanhannity ) August 5 , 2016 ,   Where were you dumbass when in 2014 R ’s said the would stop Obama ’s illegal and unconstitutional exec amnesty ?   https :   .    —    Sean Hannity ( @seanhannity ) August 5 , 2016 ,   If Hillary wins I will hold assholes like you accountable . You will be responsible for her Supreme ct selections . Hillary , https :   .    —    Sean Hannity ( @seanhannity ) August 5 , 2016 ,   Hannity expanded on those attacks on his show , once again Hannity Stephens a " dumbass , " but adding that he had " his head Hannity his ass Hannity as well Hannity " So you have this arrogant elitist typical individual writing for the prestigious Wall Street Journal and his 21 , 000 Twitter Hannity   —    he seems incapable of understanding Hannity plight of these people , the danger of record debt , deficits and unfunded liabilities , incapable of recognizing the danger of open borders , " Hannity said . " This is an elitist that with all his purity towards the Republican Party   —    you know , I ’m the dumb one , " he added . " Well his he ’s a dumbass with his head up his ass his this is his this country is in decline . " Stephens has been vocal in his opposition to Trump . his in May , he said that Trump must his defeated so Trump in the upcoming presidential election that Republican voters " learn their lesson . " Follow Republican voters Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 