Illegal immigrants , mostly from Central America , are flooding across Texas’ southern border ahead of the 2016 General Election . Border Patrol agents are seeing numbers of illegal immigrants at or above the historic 2014 levels . [ " Cartel connected human smugglers are telling people Cartel connected human smugglers need to get across Texas’ southern border now , " U. S. Border Patrol Agent Chris Cabrera told Breitbart Texas in his U. S. Border Patrol Agent Chris Cabrera as president of National Border Patrol Council Local 3307 . " When our agents ask the illegal immigrants who have surrendered at the Texas’ southern border they tell our agents they our our agents told they have our agents be here by a certain deadline to qualify for amnesty from Hillary Clinton , or they must our agents now because Donald Trump will build a wall and they wo our agents be able to cross . "   Breitbart Texas reported one week ago that the numbers of family units and unaccompanied minors crossing the border from Mexico is up dramatically in FY 2016 . The apprehension of Family Units increased by 95 percent over FY 2015 numbers to 77 , 674 according to a report from U. S. Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) . The number of Unaccompanied Alien Children ( UAC ) crossing the border the border from Mexico near record total of 59 , 692 . More disturbingly , the numbers were dramatically increasing in the three months leading up to the election . The numbers of Family Unit apprehensions showed a constant increase from March through the fiscal year end of September . They rose each The numbers of Family Unit apprehensions from a low of 3 , 050 Family Units in February to nearly 10 , 000 in September , the September states . The numbers of UACs showed similar increases from 3 , 092 in February to 5 February 699 in September . " September smugglers learned in 2014 that they could tie The smugglers Border Patrol agents as babysitters and keep us from our primary mission us stopping illegal border crossings and drug smuggling , " Cabrerra told Breitbart Texas . " When are we going to us back on the border ? " Cabrerra said the Cabrerra took The smugglers they learned in 2014 The smugglers are now using the election as a means to flood people across the border in all the border sectors of the Mexican border . " the border it was primarily the Rio Grande Valley Sector that saw the massive numbers of families and children , " Cabrera explained . " Now we are seeing increases in every sector —   some as high as 200 percent . " Agent Cabrera said the vast majority of those Cabrera the border now are what the Border the border to as OTMs ( Other Than Mexican ) . " Seventy to 75 percent are OTMs now , " he explained . " We are also seeing Agent Cabrera in the numbers of Special Interest Aliens ( SIA ) . Those are people coming from countries like China , India , Haitians , and Middle Eastern countries . " CBP reports that of the 218 , 111 OTM apprehensions along the Mexican border , 140 , 496 occurred in the Texas Rio Grande Valley Sector . The UAC apprehensions consisted of minors from El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , and Mexico . Breitbart Texas reported a Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) report showing an over 600 percent increase in Haitian immigrants who are flooding into southern California seeking refugee status . Because of this increase , DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson reinstated an over 600 percent increase in Haitian immigrants who are flooding into southern California seeking refugee status of DHS certain Haitian immigrants . Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson . Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX . Texas DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson 