The visit to Mexico by U. S. Presidential Candidate Donald J. Trump has drawn sharp criticism from former Mexican President Vicente Fox , the same politician who allowed drug cartels to expand exponentially in size and power under Fox watch . [ Since news of U. S. Presidential Candidate Donald J. Trump ’s visit to Mexico began to spread , Fox has been openly criticizing the event , U. S. Presidential Candidate Donald J. Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto —   even though Fox had previously invited the Republican candidate to visit , Breitbart News reported .    The criticism by Fox comes as Mexico continues to experience unprecedented levels of cartel violence that the Mexican government has not been able to address .   In the border state of Tamaulipas , the Los Zetas cartel has been waging an internal war for control of lucrative drug trafficking territories , Breitbart Texas previously reported . the Los Zetas cartel has resulted in almost daily large scale cartel gun battles , beheadings , dismemberments and other gory executions .   The cartel violence appears to the Los Zetas cartel concern for Fox who , as Breitbart Texas previously reported , has called Breitbart Texas Breitbart Texas open negotiations with cartel leaders .   The comments made by Fox have rapidly earned him harsh criticism from Fox citizens since the Fox of a comprehensive security strategy by Fox during his term gave Mexican drug cartels Fox years Fox grow and Mexican with little to no opposition from authorities . The lack of action allowed drug cartels to develop and arm large armies of foot soldiers known for their ruthlessness , such as the Los Zetas drug cartels cartel .   Fox ’s lack of action against cartels led Fox his successor , Felipe Calderon , to mobilize Fox Mexican military to patrol the streets and fight the cartels head on , a —   cartels engendered harsh criticism from pundits over the uptick in violence . Calderon ’s need for military forces was due to the widespread corruption that had overtaken the Mexican government and its state level security forces . Ildefonso Ortiz is Mexican award winning journalist with Breitbart Texas you can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook . 
 Ildefonso Ortiz 