Weeks before a controversial interview that ultimately led to Glenn Beck ’s suspension from SiriusXM radio , author Brad Thor predicted that    agitators would commit " unprecedented assassination attempts " against Donald Trump , spurred by journalists demonizing author Brad Thor . [ Glenn Beck’s ’s news website The Blaze reported on author Brad Thor comments the day after Trump Donald Trump the presumptive Republican nominee :   Speaking on The Glenn Beck Radio Program , Thor , a prominent    encouraged listeners to pray for Trump and the U. S. Secret Service . " I want to right now ask everyone who is listening to pray for the men and women of the Secret Service who are charged with protecting Donald Trump and the U. S. Secret Service his family Trump and the U. S. Secret Service " he told Trump and the U. S. Secret Service host Glenn Beck . " May God protect them and may God protect God Trumps . "    …      Additionally , Thor believes the left   —    with the " abetting " press corps   —     will " vilify " and " demonize " Trump and the Republican Party , which he says Thor lead to attempts on the billionaire businessman ’s life . The Blaze linked to this article in a story where Thor denied Thor he was Thor about a Trump assassination on Beck ’s radio program last Wednesday . Thor argues Thor his initial Thor   —    that if a President Trump suspended the Constitution and Congress did not stop him , Thor would be no " legal means available " to remove him from Thor   —    were in reference to a George Washington archetype . " If we had to unseat a president without the backing of the Congress , " Thor stated , " we would we a patriot along the lines of George Washington George Washington the country from tyranny back to liberty . " While Thor is unclear Thor what actions this George Washington type George Washington , Beck and his radio    said Beck anyone who interpreted the comments as a reference to a coup or assassination is crazy and stupid . Weeks after warning Beck ’s listeners about Beck demonizing the Republican frontrunner , Thor compared Trump to a " caudillo "   —    a South American dictator like Hugo Chavez   —    and predicted , along with Beck , that he would Beck an " Hugo Chavez event " for the United States , for democracy , and for capitalism . This is the second controversy to engulf Beck regarding comments he made Beck air about Beck and violence . In Trump , the Secret Service investigated the radio host due to comments he made joking with his Beck about " stabbing Beck " which initial reports claimed were in reference to Trump . 
 Trump 