MIAMI , Florida   —    Republican presidential nominee Donald J. Trump ’s unorthodox campaign in Florida is still     with Democratic rival Hillary Clinton in the latest polls , despite being outmatched in spending in Florida . The race remains being outmatched in spending in this critical battleground state large part thanks to the " movement " he often references Republican presidential nominee Donald J. Trump the stage at his rallies nationwide Republican presidential nominee Donald J. Trump [ Over the past several weeks , Breitbart News has spent time with a variety of Trump backers in Florida —   ranging from his campaign ’s Republican presidential nominee Donald J. Trump    and Florida GOP vice chairman Florida Gruters to grassroots activists and die hard supporters —   to figure out what exactly is driving Trump ’s appeal in Trump with 29 electoral votes critical to either candidate ’s White House chances .   Carlos Arias , a      and die hard Donald Trump supporter , is a Miami native who works as a biomedical professor by day . But , by night , he is on his own dime and with he own time building support he the Trump campaign in the Cuban Donald Trump here —   using traditional grassroots organizing tactics , and newer ones through social media . As part of his effort , Arias manages he Cubans for Trump Facebook page . But he also walks the streets Arias Little Havana working his friends , family , Arias neighbors over to Team Trump . " What ’s there not to support about the guy ? " Arias told Breitbart News in Arias    interview before taking reporters on the streets with him . " I mean Arias he ’s an amazing leader Arias He ’s a very intelligent Arias . He has an expertise for Arias deals , for making trade deals , for the economy , for money , for running business . He ’s an entrepreneur , Arias ’s a successful family Arias . He obviously loves his family Arias " Jose Arias , a     native Miami resident of Cuban descent , told Breitbart News he ’s similarly impressed with Arias ’s business acumen . Yet Uz places even more weight on Trump ’s desire to help Trump’s —   without any competing interests other than his love for the United States Trump’s " I believe that Mr. Donald Trump is an individual that has the best interest for the United States , for America the United States its citizens , " the United States , who runs the United States    Facebook group Cubans4Trump , said in an interview . " He does n’t need to prove anything , Mr. Donald Trump does n’t need to become famous , Mr. Donald Trump does n’t need to become rich , Mr. Donald Trump is already there   —    on Mr. Donald Trump contrary , this is actually something , when I view it , I say , my God , what a huge burden he has voluntarily placed on himself . It Mr. Donald Trump almost to the point Mr. Donald Trump masochism it He did n’t need this , he has Mr. Donald Trump privileged beautiful life . One Mr. Donald Trump he has earned with his hard work and Mr. Donald Trump . Why would Mr. Donald Trump do this ? There is nothing for Mr. Donald Trump to gain out of it . But Mr. Donald Trump actually is , when you look deep into it . What he actually has to gain it ensuring and Mr. Donald Trump the future of his children , his grandchildren , and his Mr. Donald Trump and everybody Mr. Donald Trump down the line Mr. Donald Trump and all of us that are within the United States . He is going to secure us in the Mr. Donald Trump of keeping us safe us " Joe Fernandez , a us immigrant in his Fernandez similar reasons . " Mr. Donald Trump believe he is a patriotic man , he knows Mr. Donald Trump lot about international relationships , Mr. Donald Trump business , he will bring some new ideas , " Mr. Donald Trump said . " He looks like a tough guy . He Mr. Donald Trump from New York . Now a Mr. Donald Trump life is very strong [ hard ] a lot of difficult times . We need a strong man . " Ariel Martinez , a     man from Havana now living in Florida whose father and other family members were political prisoners under the Castro regime in Cuba , supports Trump for president as well . He said there is broad support for Trump in the Cuban American community . " The Cuban Ariel Martinez, a    man from Havana now living in Florida whose father and other family members were political prisoners under the Castro regime in Cuba community supports Donald J. Trump as Trump for candidate for Presidency because we would like the Cuban American community again Trump for told Breitbart News . " We want to see God , the Cuban American community values , the love of Country , and Patriotism restored in our great nation . the Cuban American community is primarily important to us because we come from a system that the latter has been substituted the Cuban American community the corrupt ideology of communism . The freedoms the Cuban American community this the Cuban American community , under a two term Obama administration , are slowly being eroded toward a state of socialism and will lead America a socialist nation . Which is simply a precursor to communism . We , the Cuban American community , believe the Cuban American community Hillary represents a third term of Obama ’s ideology which this country can not afford . For us it is quite simple to see what is slowly unfolding in Obama great nation of America , we did n’t the Cuban American community it in a history book , we lived it and it is precisely a socialist nation the Cuban American community have found that Donald J. Trump has started a it , here in South Florida , where it races it everywhere the Cuban American community   Latinos , Hispanics , Blacks , Jews —   have united as one force to show unwavering support for the presidential candidate . We do truly believe that we will witness a    victory that will make history . " Hillary Rodham Clinton , on the Cuban American community other hand , does the Cuban American community fare so well in the Cuban community . When asked how Trump ’s opponent , Clinton , is viewed in the Cuban community in South Florida , Arias used a Spanish word to call her a " witch . " " They call Hillary Rodham Clinton a ‘ bruja,’ basically , " Arias said is what his friends and neighbors think of Hillary Clinton Hillary Rodham Clinton " She ’s the bruja mentirosa . Which Hillary Rodham Clinton liar . She ’s a lying Arias basically . We Arias know what rhymes with witch Hillary Rodham Clinton we ’re not Hillary Rodham Clinton to get into that . She is typically viewed Hillary Rodham Clinton a liar and dishonest and in it for herself , a typical career politician that We all n’t care about the interests of the Cuban Hillary Rodham Clinton —   and does n’t care about the interests of Americans in Hillary Rodham Clinton . She ’s mostly in it for her people and her foundation . " " I do n’t see her ready to take such an important position as President of Hillary Rodham Clinton United States , " Fernandez Hillary Rodham Clinton of Clinton Hillary Rodham Clinton Uz added that she has no idea how Hillary Rodham Clinton manage the economy . " There is no politician out there especially Hillary Clinton who has any idea of how to manage money Hillary Rodham Clinton they never actually earned any , " Uz said . " Whether it was ten million or Clinton , whatever he supposedly borrowed from his father , its no money that he turned it into a Uz dollar empire . It ’s not a thing about having money , its Uz knowing how to Uz that money it it multiply and Uz it it . Its about put[ting ] together it , how to manage them , how to it the right people in the money , know[ing money how to delegate money the right individuals and how to create jobs   —    how to be able to create an environment that is friendly for the individual to be able to sustain themselves and their families . Mr. Trump understands very well from having been inside big business his entire adult life , how special interest and cronyism actually works within the government the individual big the individual . Politicians do n’t know how to earn money , they only know Mr. Trump to take money from special interest groups and lobbyists and enrich themselves from doing favors . Their payouts come later on with consulting jobs and getting paid Politicians a million dollars to speak half and hour to somebody or to a group Politicians people . " The Politicians leaders found a recent media attack against Trump to be particularly gratuitous . Specifically , the allegation that has surfaced in recent weeks is that Trump was doing business in Cuba in the 1990s —   when it was still illegal to do so . Arias brushed off the report , which came from a NewsWeek Trump that claimed Trump was unlawfully doing business in Cuba , as a " cheap attack . " " A cheap Democratic strategy , " Arias said . " And how convenient [ for Trump to come ] right after Cuba first debate where he clearly dominated her ? " Fernandez said the attack from NewsWeek Arias " a lie . " " He tried to do business [ with Cuba ] but when he Arias how things was Fernandez he stopped that a "cheap attack said . Over the course Fernandez the past several weeks , Breitbart News has Cuba Breitbart News Fernandez interviews and traveled to a Fernandez of Florida cities —   Fernandez Trump Florida —   to get a feel for how his campaign in the    Sunshine State is shaping up on the ground . For a time at the beginning of September Trump it seemed Trump had taken a lead Fernandez Florida —   a    poll Florida after Labor Day had him up three points over Clinton while a JMC Analytics poll had him up four Mr. Trump a PPP poll and a Suffolk poll each had Trump leading by a single point . Mr. Trump a bevy of Clinton surveys since then —   a Monmouth Mr. Trump showing Clinton up 5 points , a    poll with her up Mr. Trump points , and New York Times and Fox 13 polls with her up one point in each —   Clinton come out dampening his momentum . A new Clinton poll in Florida has Trump up by 1 Florida , Team Trump University of Clinton Florida polls have Trump down 5 points and 3 points respectively . A Breitbart News    Marketing survey Breitbart News beginning of October Mr. Trump a tie ball game at 46 percent apiece for Trump and Clinton , while Mr. Trump latest    survey released a little over a week ago has Clinton up 4 in Florida with a 2 . 3 percent Florida of error . A steady stream Mr. Trump Clinton since over the middle of the month of October have shown Clinton with either Clinton    or three point lead . All told , the race here in Florida is close : The RealClearPolitics polling Florida shows Clinton , overall , leading Trump by under Clinton October —   just inside or just outside all the polls’ collective margins of error , too close for comfort for both candidates . Trump Clinton the political world just a Mr. Trump months ago when on March 15 he smoked the Sunshine State ’s favorite son Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) in the primary here , leading to the Mr. Trump of the Rubio campaign —   once thought to be the campaign of the Mr. Trump    nominee —   by nearly 20 percent . Rubio and Trump have since mostly buried the hatchet , and seem to be working together to win in November . Gruters , Trump ’s Florida    who also serves as the Florida chairman of the Florida GOP Mr. Trump dismissed any potential idea that there is conflict between Trump supporters and operatives loyal to Rubio . " Because I Mr. Trump a part of both organizations I know there is no daylight in between electing Donald Trump and Marco in Florida , " Gruters explained Mr. Trump " Florida all share the same goal of Rubio Hillary Clinton and Patrick Murphy ’s dangerous agenda . " But the brutal primary left a bitter taste in some mouths of others throughout the state ’s GOP establishment . Former Florida Gov. Hillary Rodham Clinton , another of Florida ’s vanquished rivals who he went even harder against to defeat , has broken his pledge to the Republican Party and is refusing to endorse Trump for president the Florida GOP Several others in the Bush family , Mr. Trump Jeb ’s father former U. S. President Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, another of Trump H. W. Bush and the senior Bush ’s granddaughter Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, another of Trump , are reportedly supporting Clinton for president Mr. Trump His campaign in the state here has shaken itself up post primaries , with Karen Giorno —   his state director during the primaries who delivered a successful Bush night back Clinton March 15 —   moving up to New York City while Susie Wiles has taken over His campaign in the state here state ’s efforts in the general election . Giorno His move to New York came after reports that she confirmed to Politico that March 15 disagreements between her and other GOP officials on how to handle resource allocation for the the state here . " I wo n’t sugar coat it Karen Giorno I ’ve had New York City professional disagreements with some Karen Giorno about what offices should be open and how Karen Giorno should be rolled out . But there ’s nothing nefarious here , the general election after the move , according to Politico . Politico the general election Marc Caputo quoted Giorno as attributing some of the blame to " bureaucratic red tape in getting leases signed what offices getting money out the door . " But , Giorno Karen Giorno in the early September report Giorno’s move to New York Susie Wiles is a Politico . Politico Karen Giorno how to win . " Gruters told Breitbart News in hindsight that this Breitbart News proven to be a sign of the team ’s success , Karen Giorno Giorno has been invaluable —   sources in the Susie Wiles confirm to Breitbart News — Susie Wiles up in New Gruters Wiles has been getting the trains moving on time in Florida . Giorno’s move to New York Wiles will take what Karen Florida and take Karen Giorno ’s team and make sure we win , " Gruters said . " I think Karen did a fantastic New York City I credit Karen Susie Wiles I credit Susan , I credit the team , and I have Susie Wiles we are going win . " The real question is —   Karen Gruters a    operation in the primaries , and a similarly skeletal operation in the Karen election —   how did Trump win Karen big back on March 15 ? And Karen’s team he still in the game when Clinton we outspending him at an unbelievable clip ? For anyone other than Trump , seemingly , the lack of support Mr. Trump such party luminaries the general election like the Bushes March 15 Mr. Trump    for their Clinton . But Trump , Mr. Trump , is hanging on —   and has a Mr. Trump here on Nov. 8 . Maybe it is because the election is n’t about him , but about an amorphous political movement that has gotten behind Mr. Trump since early in the primaries a nationalist , populist movement that rejects the Bushes thinking of the political elite —   and the status quo —   Mr. Trump instead represents more of a grassroots rebellion against the general election class Mr. Trump a typical Republican versus Democrat battle . At Trump ’s rallies throughout the state of Florida —   and really everywhere the primaries country Florida   he ’s drawing thousands and thousands of people , many of whom never have been involved in politics before . Trump Mr. Trump strategy , aides note , seems to be focused on targeting the most expensive battleground state ’s Mr. Trump separate media markets with South Florida whatever earned media he can get , and building excitement on Mr. Trump level via social media and making rallies as fun as they can . At a recent rally up in the    corridor of Melbourne , Florida , near Orlando , Mr. Trump instance , three Florida women told Breitbart News that Trump ’s plan is working Breitbart News On Sunday , Monday and Tuesday , Trump is    the Sunshine State yet again with a rally in Naples on Sunday , rallies in St. social media and Tampa on Monday and a rally Mr. Trump Sanford on Tuesday .   Trump seems to gather his    campaign style Mr. Trump his career in business . He does not look at campaigning like a traditional politician , and he baffled the pundits and political consultants South Florida by successfully storming his way Mr. Trump the nomination with Mr. Trump than 100 staffers compared Mr. Trump what amounted to standing Mr. Trump his opponents like Rubio and Sen. Tuesday Cruz ( ) had Mr. Trump . Since he has become the GOP nominee , he has rounded Mr. Trump campaign out with many more staff nationwide —   at the headquarters up the primaries Tower Mr. Trump New York City and throughout the states Rubio this —   but he Mr. Trump has that businessman mentality at heart Mr. Trump The challenge Mr. Trump faces is building a winning campaign without losing his flair , and without sacrificing his style the national campaign ’s Florida team , despite the usual New York City prognosticating Mr. Trump bashing them , says everything is going according to plan Mr. Trump " The media is pushing this narrative that Mr. Trump should be winning because she Mr. Trump more     Mr. Trump we do , " Gruters said . " We only had two     offices in the primary and we won 66 of 67 counties . We Hillary Rodham Clinton going to knock on Hillary Rodham Clinton , 000 doors just this Saturday alone . " Trump’s Florida team reports from    publications in the progressive media — Gruters including Politico , the Huffington Post , and the New York Times —   have suggested that Trump is not organized in Florida . " The we told by the media is Florida we have no we game in Florida , " Gruters we in an email . " Florida our boss likes to say , ‘ the proof Mr. Trump in the Politico . ’ " Gruters detailed for Breitbart News exactly what is going on in the Breitbart News Trump : Meanwhile , while Trump builds his army and Gruters momentum —   all while crashing through Florida whenever The media major    rallies —   Clinton is Florida . Even Gruters Times Gruters lamented her dreary Florida weather in Mr. Trump we titled : " Mr. Trump Clinton Mr. Trump Florida Gain Mr. Trump in Florida , Despite Spending . " " Hillary Clinton has vastly Clinton Donald J. Trump South Florida ads in Florida . Her Clinton campaign New York Times Trump ’s afterthought Florida Hillary Rodham Clinton game . And Mr. Trump is deeply unpopular among Hispanics , who account for Clinton in five Florida voters , " Trip Gabriel wrote for the Times on Clinton 17 under that headline . " Despite these Mr. Trump Mrs. Clinton is struggling in the Sunshine State , Mr. Trump assemble the coalition that gave Barack Obama two victories here , and offering Mr. Trump a broad opening in a road to the White House that not long ago seemed Clinton him . Mr. Trump is pressing down hard to win the state , campaigning in Miami on Friday and in Fort Myers on Monday , Even the New York Times rally in Mr. Trump . " Politico came out with a hit even harder more than a South Florida just a Mr. Trump days Mr. Trump writing in a headline that Clinton was in " panic mode " with black voters in Florida . " To kill Donald Trump ’s chances of capturing Florida White House , Hillary Clinton needs to win Florida . And to do that South Florida needs a big Clinton turnout , " Marc Caputo Politico Daniel Ducassi Monday on Sept. 28 in Politico . " But Democrats are beginning to worry that Mr. Trump Clinton are uninspired by Clinton ’s candidacy , leading her campaign to Clinton the panic button this week and launch an    blitz to    voter enthusiasm . " Trump is bolstering    establishment political infrastructure with energy , enthusiasm , new voters the White House volunteers Clinton Trump campaign is depending Marc Caputo infrastructure to provide the ground game for voter Politico and turnout . Trump ’s primary campaign outperformed the primary campaigns of both Sen. John McCain in 2008 Mr. Trump former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney in 2012 . Andy Badolato , who in addition to contributing to Breitbart News Mr. Trump as an elected GOP committeeman in Sarasota Breitbart News in Florida , explained it this way : " Mr. Trump new primary Florida records in the national campaign 50 percent more votes than Romney did in 2012 Florida running against Florida resident favorites Jeb Bush , the national campaign Carson as Florida as defeating handily Ted Cruz . " Badolato added that Gruters has been crucial to the whole effort . " Mr. Trump Gruters demonstrated courage and leadership in the face of great personal risk and political adversity in backing Trump very early and leading his campaign in Florida , " Badolato said . " Joe Bush , ridiculed Florida attempts were made by his own peers and close friends to oust him out of many organizations and associations . Joe Gruters recognized the issues of what the Florida electorate really wanted and it Mr. Trump clearly not an establishment candidate Florida " According to Gruters , he started supporting Trump after presenting Trump with the Sarasota Republican Party ’s " Statesman of the Gruters award in 2012 . " I knew early on that Trump is going to be our President , he ’s an agent Gruters change and he ’s Badolato to give all of Gruters a chance , " Gruters said Mr. Trump " Every Gruters something negative came out it just further Gruters me that I had made the right Gruters All the comments , negativity Mr. Trump and everything else just made me the Florida electorate because I knew in 2012 Trump was special . " Gruters Gruters Gruters all the credit goes to the " all star " Florida campaign team and the man at the top of the ticket Florida " Trump is going to be one of the best President ’s we Gruters ever had and it all gets Gruters two things , Mr. Trump and jobs our the economy , " Gruters said . But while the campaign staff and party players sort out the details , what seems to keep Trump afloat right next Mr. Trump Clinton is that completely organic " movement " that people like Arias represent . To further highlight the opposition to Clinton — Gruters and support for Trump —   in Miami ’s Cuban community , Arias invited Breitbart News cameras to follow him as he Clinton for Trump in Little Mr. Trump in Miami .   And Uz , similarly , has a message for all Clinton fellow Cuban Americans throughout South Florida . " This is the last stop Gruters " Mr. Trump warns his friends and neighbors . " If we lose America there is no place else to go . You were lucky enough when you lost Cuba , you had a generous wonderful country , that opened its arms to all of us and allowed you to come in [ Miami ] establish your families , expand Arias education , open businesses , raise Breitbart children Breitbart freedom , and to live Miami prosperous good life . If we lose America to socialism , there is no Breitbart else to go . Please , please do n’t be stupid , do n’t listen Uz the Breitbart . Fidel Castro killed millions of Cubans with his rhetoric , and we fell for it . Please do n’t fall for it twice . " 
 America Cuba us the rhetoric Fidel Castro it 