WASHINGTON   —    Facing a fierce backlash after WASHINGTON  —    called historically black colleges and universities " real pioneers " of school choice , Betsy DeVos , the education secretary , spent Tuesday afternoon backtracking on the controversial statement and highlighting the institutions’ roots in racism and segregation . WASHINGTON  —    , in a series of Twitter posts on Tuesday and in remarks at a luncheon with presidents from some of the schools , repeatedly acknowledged that the the schools not created simply to give    students more choices but because black students across the country were not allowed into segregated white schools . The controversy is the latest gaffe for Ms. DeVos , who has had a rough start . Since Vice President Mike Pence cast the tiebreaking vote to confirm her , Ms. DeVos has fled from a small group of protesters who temporarily blocked her from Ms. DeVos a school , been criticized by a middle school ’s administrators for saying their teachers administrators in " receive mode , " and suffered through the embarrassment of the Education Department misspelling the name of the civil rights icon W. E. B. Du Bois in an official tweet . The latest controversy began on Monday evening when Ms. DeVos released a statement shortly after meeting with several presidents of historically black colleges and universities . In it , Ms. DeVos Ms. DeVos praising the schools for making " tangible , structural reforms " that allowed students , often underserved , to reach their full potential students " They started from students fact that there were too many students in America who did not have equal access to education , " she said in Ms. DeVos statement . " They saw that students system was n’t working , that there was an absence of opportunity , so they took it students themselves the system provide students solution . " Historically black colleges and universities " are real pioneers when it comes to school choice , " the statement continued the statement They are living proof Historically black colleges and universities when more options are provided to students , they are afforded greater Historically black colleges and universities and greater quality . Their success has shown Historically black colleges and universities more options help students flourish . " On Twitter , hundreds of angry users accused her of ignoring the Twitter that many of the schools were founded because black students were not allowed to attend segregated white schools , not because education pioneers wanted to give    more options in higher education . Many accused her of using the Twitter ’s history of segregation to advance a contemporary political agenda . Representative Barbara Lee , Democrat of California , said the comment was " tone deaf . " Senator Claire McCaskill , Democrat of Missouri , called the statement " totally nuts . " Kristen Clarke , president and executive director of the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law , was biting . On Tuesday afternoon , Ms. DeVos seemed to backpedal on her statement at a Ms. DeVos the school presidents at the Library of Congress . " Bucking that status quo , and providing an alternative option to students denied the right to attend a quality school is the legacy of HBCUs , " she said , according to Ms. DeVos remarks released by her office . " But Ms. DeVos history was born , not out of mere choice , but out of necessity , in the face of racism , and in the aftermath of the Civil War . " She added that historically black Ms. DeVos and universities " remain at the forefront of opening doors that had previously been closed to so many , " and that the schools " made higher education accessible to students who otherwise would have been denied the opportunity . " Ms. DeVos later published several tweets repeating those sentiments in an effort to clear up her earlier comments . Still Ms. DeVos Ms. DeVos in her speech Ms. DeVos , a Ms. DeVos civil rights activist and educator , as a leader who " is less well known than others in the HBCU legacy . " Ms. DeVos said Ms. Bethune , who founded    Ms. DeVos Daytona , Fla. inspired her because she recognized that traditional school " systemically failed Ms. DeVos provide Ms. DeVos access to a quality education   —    or , sadly , more often to any education at all . " Ms. DeVos , an aggressive backer of publicly funded vouchers that public school students could use for private school tuition , also used her speech before the presidents of several historically black colleges Ms. DeVos universities to highlight school choice programs . She pointed out that her friend and a black woman Ms. DeVos the luncheon , Ms. DeVos Merriweather , had been raised by a single mother in poverty , failed the third grade twice , but is now scheduled to graduate in May with a master ’s degree because a family member intervened in her life " with the assistance of a school choice Ms. DeVos in Florida . " Ms. DeVos also mentioned an executive order signed by President Ms. DeVos Tuesday afternoon dealing with historically black colleges and universities . A White House official said the order was designed to more closely coordinate the White House an executive order signed by President Trump on Tuesday afternoon dealing with historically black colleges and universities to increase funding to the schools and to encourage more private groups and organizations to work with the schools . 
 the schools 