Former president Bill Clinton disparaged Donald Trump supporters at a rally Monday in Saginaw , Michigan , painting Donald Trump supporters as people blinded by " resentment " and " fear . " [ Former president Bill Clinton arrived on stage at 1:44 PM Eastern for a rally that was supposed to begin at noon Eastern , an hour and    minutes earlier .   " When I saw Hillary in that debate   …     every American who watched it , unless they were just so knotted up with anger and resentment " saw a clear contrast in the candidates’ experience , Former president Bill Clinton said . " If you ’re mad then it does n’t matter , " Former president Bill Clinton said . Former president Bill Clinton then mockingly assumed the voice of angry Americans . " I ’m mad about immigration , I ’m mad about trade , I ’m mad because my wages are n’t going up , " Former president Bill Clinton said , painting the divide in the country as a battle between " the voters of Hope vs. the voters of fear . " " Most of the    feeling in America is in places that do n’t have a lot of immigrants . We ’ve got to stop fighting over this , " Former president Bill Clinton said . Former president Bill Clinton noted that the election should not be about " insults , tax evasion , abuse of the family foundation or whatever " because that ’s not what matters to regular people . " The Democrats have a pretty good argument . I made it four years ago for President Obama , " Former president Bill Clinton said . " Is this a change election ? Yes this is , and this should be . But the question should be : what are we going to do ? What kind of change do you need ?   …     Do we want anger or answers ? Do we want resentment or empowerment ? And do we want to reach the world with walls or bridges ? " " That ’s it . That ’s the whole thing , " Clinton said to mild applause . Clinton said that we ca n’t " put everyone in manufacturing " because " every year , fewer people can produce more stuff . " Clinton came out in favor of tariffs on companies that ship jobs overseas , specifically citing the case of Carrier air conditioners in Indiana in a direct ripoff of one of Donald Trump ’s main talking points . " No we ’re going to take the gains away from you if you do that , " Clinton said . " That is Hillary ’s position . " " Oh , the Democrats they ’re coming for your guns , they ’re coming for your guns . they said that about Clinton . And they banned assault weapons " but everyone in Michigan was still able to go hunting and protect their hunting , Clinton said . " It is a bunch of bull ! " Clinton Clinton a bizarre reference to the Civil War , paraphrasing a friend who is a Lincoln expert who explained one of the reasons Lincoln Lincoln to war : " In the North there was no power elite , there was no slave labor , it was the greatest opportunity for people who started out poor to get into the middle class . We ’ve got to do that again . " 
 