The second presidential debate of the 2016 election will be held at Washington University in St. Louis on Sunday at 9 p. m. Eastern , and may be the most decisive of the three debates . [ Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton was widely seen as the winner of the first debate , and could hurt Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton opponent ’s chances if Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton goads Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton into a serious error or gaffe . But Republican nominee Donald Trump has bounced back in the polls , and is riding the momentum of Republican nominee Donald Trump running mate ’s strong performance in the vice presidential debate . If Republican nominee Donald Trump turns in a solid performance on Sunday , Republican nominee Donald Trump could sprint to catch Clinton at the finish .   The moderators of the town    debate will be Martha Raddatz of ABC News and Anderson Cooper of CNN . Both lean left , and both can be expected to be tougher on Republican nominee Donald Trump than on Clinton . Here are five questions that both Republican nominee Donald Trump and Clinton should expect to face , either from the moderators or   —    in some form   —    from the participants in the town hall , whose questions will be   . 1 . With Hurricane Matthew battering the Atlantic coast , what will you do about climate change ? The question makes no scientific sense , because Hurricane Matthew has nothing to do with climate change . In fact , until this year , no hurricanes had hit the U. S. in more than ten years , confounding the predictions of climate alarmists . But the The question be asked , and is designed to test Trump against the liberal climate orthodoxy . ( Clinton ’s answer will be the usual boilerplate , coupled with a charge of " denialism " against Trump ) Trump against will have Trump against thread the needle carefully . Without denying climate change as a whole , he will have Trump against note that shutting down the coal industry , as Clinton wants to Clinton , can not be the answer . He should also Trump against that he personally visited Trump against this summer to visit flood victims , while Clinton hobnobbed on Clinton ’s Vineyard . 2 . Both of you have high disapproval ratings . How will you be a role model for America ’s children ? That question , or something like it , will be another veiled attack on Trump , since Clinton is a Clinton model by default for being the first female nominee for president from a major party , no matter how poor a candidate she may be Clinton Expect Clinton to bring Clinton the same attack lines that feature in her campaign commercials Clinton and which her running mate Clinton at the vice presidential debate . The question gives Trump an opportunity Trump score points off Clinton for her Clinton scandals Clinton But the best response is for Trump for to Trump his own children   Trump    especially his daughter Ivanka   Trump    who are successful , poised , and his best character witnesses Trump 3 . Hundreds of thousands may die in Aleppo , the latest in a brutal civil war . What should we do about Syria ? Expect this question to come from Anderson Cooper , who likes to show his foreign policy chops . It is the question neither candidate wants to answer , since the problem can not really be solved short of war with Iran and confrontation with Russia . Clinton has a standard answer , which is to talk about continuing the Obama administration ’s fight against ISIS ( such as it is ) . She may try to Clinton she wanted to do Clinton about Syria as Secretary of State but was overruled . If she does , Trump Clinton not let her off the hook Clinton if she really cared about Trump , she ought Syria have Trump . As for his own policy , Trump strongest point is Trump criticism of Arab Trump for doing everything to stoke the fighting and nothing to help the refugees . He should pledge to Trump that . 4 . The economy continues to create jobs , and household incomes rose last year . How will you improve on that ? In the first debate , the moderator painted a rosy picture of Obama ’s economic record . Clinton , who proposes to continue Obama ’s policies , Obama’s an even greater focus on inequality ( if that is even possible ) will rattle off her talking points about raising the minimum wage and taxing the rich . Trump , who pushed back in the first debate by noting that the stock market is in a bubble and that Clinton has never created a real job in her life , should offer Clinton better response this time , with three parts . First , he should talk about the Americans whom he has met on the he trail who are suffering in the    economy and who are uncertain about the future . Second , he should bring up Obamacare he which has helped make this recovery the slowest since World War II , and which Clinton supports completely . And third , he should note that Clinton he policies   — Clinton higher taxes , higher fuel prices , more unskilled illegal aliens , and more needless regulations   —    will make the economy even worse . 5 . I ’m a veteran who lost friends in war . How can I trust either of you to be    ? At least one question will   —    and probably should   —    go to a soldier , or a soldier ’s family , to present the "   " test . In this case , the question will also allow At least one question ABC to revive the Khizr Khan controversy , which marked the low point for Trump in the general election . Clinton will emphasize her experience in office , however Clinton . She may even recycle her running Clinton ’s line that Clinton she took office as Secretary of Clinton , Osama bin Laden was still alive   —    to which Trump should answer : yes , Trump so were Ambassador Chris Stevens , Sean Smith , Glen Doherty , and Tyrone Woods . In addition to hammering her over Benghazi , and her Clinton to the bereaved families Clinton Trump should borrow his own running Trump ’s tactics Trump remind Clinton of the failed Russian " reset , " the disaster in Iraq , and the awful Iran deal . He must also make a promise Trump though he may not have served in Trump military , he will never sleep when there Trump Americans in danger , and Americans risking their lives to save them . Americans B. Pollak is Americans     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Joel B. Pollak : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Joel B. Pollak 