Tuesday on CNN ’s " Wolf , " Republican presidential    Donald Trump campaign spokeswoman Katrina Pierson reacted to the news Corey Lewandowski , the campaign manager for Trump , would be charged with misdemeanor battery for an incident involving former Breitbart News report Michelle Fields at a March 8 campaign event at the Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter , FL .   " Republican presidential   Donald Trump campaign spokeswoman Katrina Pierson told host Wolf Blitzer the campaign had " total confidence " in Lewandowski and anticipates Lewandowski will be exonerated . " Yes , we have total confidence in we campaign manager , " " Republican presidential   Donald Trump campaign spokeswoman Katrina Pierson said . " And we feel Lewandowski is going to be exonerated . You know , Wolf , this is no different , for example , when I am in the middle of the scrum and get smacked around by television networks . I do n’t go and sue the television network because I have a cut on my arm from a camera . Everyone knows at these type of scrum events there is some jostling around and some pushing and the second you cross the Secret Service threshold you will be moved away from the candidate . This is not new . Lewandowski is going to beat this . He Lewandowski plead not guilty and we will have to let the process play out . " Pierson went on to say that Lewandowski Lewandowski remain with the Trump and that he Lewandowski n’t going anywhere . She Pierson on to add there were questions about the Fields’ story ’s evolution over time . " We keep forgetting the initial charges that she Pierson , that the reporter made in her Pierson words and they are out there , she Pierson said that he aggressively grabbed her Pierson nearly threw her Pierson the ground , " Pierson replied . " It is very obvious that is not what happened in this case . Mr. Lewandowski is going to fight it this case " " It this case actually the reporter at The Washington Post that created the narrative , " she Pierson . " I mean , what we have seen over time is the story did change a little bit . She Pierson n’t even go to the authorities for a couple of days after the attention started to rev up . I think we we see moving forward she Pierson n’t too concerned about the reaction initially . She Pierson n’t contact the campaign or the the authorities She Pierson n’t contact anyone other than Twitter when the alleged incident occurred . " Follow Breitbart . tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo Twitter 