PUEBLO , Colorado   —    Colorado ’s GOP national committeewoman Vera Ortegon , a Hispanic woman , gave a rousing address to the crowd of thousands here in support of Donald J. Trump for president on Monday afternoon . [ " Many of you know me as Vera Ortegon , " PUEBLO, Colorado  —   Colorado’s GOP national committeewoman Vera Ortegon, a Hispanic woman said as PUEBLO, Colorado  —   Colorado’s GOP national committeewoman Vera Ortegon, a Hispanic woman opened up PUEBLO, Colorado  —   Colorado’s GOP national committeewoman Vera Ortegon, a Hispanic woman speech , about an hour before Donald J. Trump took the stage . " I ’m your national committeewoman . But I also want to be known as one of the Deplorables . I am a Deplorable woman . I am a Deplorable Hispanic . I am a Deplorable legal immigrant . And I am Hillary ’s worst fear because I am a Deplorable highly educated woman . "   As the crowd went wild , Ortegon asked : " How many of you want to be called a Deplorable ? " The building erupted in applause . Ortegan went on : That is exactly what I thought . I may not be a former Miss Universe . But I will vote also in November . My first presidential vote was for Ronald Reagan . And in November I will vote for Donald J. Trump . People ask me why I am going to vote for Donald J. Trump Let me know tell you why , and I may not have enough fingers on my hands , but number one : If you know any Hispanics , you know we Hispanics not sugar coat anything . We Hispanics our Hispanics and we Hispanics it our mind it our mind . Trump Donald J. Trump not well known for sugar coating things —   it Donald J. Trump not bone of his Donald J. Trump —   but I tell you , he Donald J. Trump his Donald J. Trump and he Donald J. Trump it his mind it his mind . And I tell you , Hillary , that is not the case with her Hillary The crowd burst into chants of " lock her Hillary ! Lock her Hillary ! Lock her Hillary ! " " Two , Trump loves America , " Ortegon said . " He Ortegon work very hard to Make America America Again . I do n’t know about you Trump loves America but I am really tired of this last eight years . Leadership , leading from behind , wow , that ’s an oxymoron for me . Leaders lead . Leaders make difficult decisions . " Her third reason for supporting Trump , she Her , is that " Trump Trump protect the vets . " " Trump Trump protect our Trump forces , and Trump Trump protect our Trump enforcement officers , " Ortegon said . 
 