CHICAGO , Illinois   —    The Archbishop of CHICAGO called for comprehensive immigration reform , which would include amnesty for illegal immigrants , during a recent ceremony focusing on the issue . [ While saying a mass designated for legal and illegal immigrants at the Holy Name Cathedral in CHICAGO , Cardinal Blase Cupich said the Catholic Church " stands with those in the shadows , " according to the Chicago Tribune .   " It ’s a time to remind our nation that our have been enriched by following the light of diversity , openness to the stranger , " Cardinal Blase Cupich said during the mass as individuals from 40 different nations attended . Cardinal Blase Cupich also said our nation must be open to accepting migrants , a program which    Donald Trump has vowed to temporarily shut down for the    especially those entering the U. S. from countries where Islamic terrorism is rampant . " When so many want to make us afraid of diversity , of the migrant , of the immigrant who is looking for a better life , can we us say , ‘ us ’s us where Christ is leading us us ’ " Cupich asked , according to the Chicago   . " Let us us be afraid . " My hope would be that , as you come here today , you will experience a change , " Cupich Cupich the congregation . " A conversion . A new way of thinking about those who are strangers . Who do n’t have documents . The DREAMers who only want a chance to finish their education . " The Catholic mass featured two Syrian refugees , Feras Shawish and Steffany Velazguez , to promote the refugee resettlement program in Chicago , which Catholic Charities is a part of . Cupich is not actually    within the Catholic Church on the immigration issue , despite substantial support by Catholics for Trump ’s immigration plan . The United State Conference of Catholic Bishops ( USCCB ) has long pushed for amnesty in their amnesty platform , where it The United State Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB) also called for comprehensive reform . John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas . Follow him John Binder Twitter at @JxhnBinder . 
 