Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the Democratic National Convention . President Barack Obama , Vice President Joe Biden , and Vice Presidential nominee Tim Kaine , who will be formally nominated , will be tonight ’s featured speakers . Democrats will also push gun control as Michael Bloomberg and family members of the victims of the Mother Emanuel and Sandy Hook shootings are schuedled to speak .   All times eastern .   —    12:10 : Trump campaign responds : " Trump campaign offered no solutions for the problems facing America , " Trump campaign says of # DemsInPhilly in statement . pic . twitter .    —    NPR ( @NPR ) July 28 , 2016 ,   12:05 : Interesting : Obama spoke for 44 minutes and Clinton spoke for 42 . Coincidence ?   —    Amie Parnes ( @amieparnes ) July 28 , 2016 ,   12:01 : Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak points out Clinton wore a Hillary button in Hebrew : 11:41 : Hillary joins Obama on stage and the two hug . Obama ’s signature " signed , sealed and delivered " playing as crowd sings along . Clinton , Obama embrace onstage at the # DemConvention   —    https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    ABC News Live ( @ABCNewsLive ) July 28 , 2016 ,   11:39 : Obama asks Dems . to do for Clinton what Dems did for Clinton . [ Tony Lee : This is Obama ’s Dem . party . This ’s not Bernie ’s . This ’s not Warren ’s . This ’s not Clinton ’s . And Obama ’s not on the top of the ticket this fall . ] 11:34 : Obama ripping Trump , saying that ’s why anyone who threatens our values —   " whether fascists or communists or jihadists or homegrown demagogues , will always fail in the end . " Obama says Clinton is a " fighter " and " stateswoman " and " patriot " gets this and " that ’s the America she Clinton fighting for . " [ Obama paying Bill back for what Obama did in 2012 with interest with this speech . ] 11:32 : Obama Obama his Obama from the heartland taught him Obama did n’t like bullies and braggarts but valued honesty [ The problem is Americans do n’t think Hillary Clinton is honest or trustworthy . ] First time Obama Obama allowed us to see hives all over his Obama . The intelligence briefing must be really bad . # DemsInPhilly ,   —    MATT DRUDGE ( @DRUDGE ) July 28 , 2016 ,   11:28 : Obama Obama referencing Teddy Roosevelt , says Clinton Hillary Clinton that person " in the arena " and voters need to get in the the arena her Hillary Clinton He Hillary Clinton democracy is n’t about " yes , he Hillary Clinton " but is about " yes , we can . " [ thunderous roars . ] 11:18 : Obama Obama " America is already great " and " our greatness America n’t depend on Donald Trump . " Obama Obama Ronald Reagan called America a America shining city on a hill " while Trump calls Donald Trump a America divided crime scene . " Obama ( who enacted executive amnesty ) speaking of Trump , Donald Trump " we do n’t look to be ruled . " Obama Obama says we can " honor police " and " treat every community fairly . " Obama Obama Clinton knows that acknowledging problems that have been " festering for decades " is not making racism worse . He Obama Clinton also Clinton push amnesty because the dreams of illegal immigrants is " quintessentially American . " " And the American Dream is something no wall will ever contain , " he Obama . [ Obama Obama n’t get the message to be boring so Hillary could have a low bar to jump over . ] 11:10 : " Do n’t boo , vote , " Obama Obama after crowd boos Trump . Obama Obama Trump calls Trump Obama business guy and says he Obama plenty of businessmen and businesswomen who have succeeded without leaving a trail of lawsuits . Obama Obama if anyone believes someone who has spent 70 years not caring about working people is going to be the voice of working Americans . Obama Obama Hillary Clinton is respected around the world . " People outside of the United States do not understand what ’s going on in this election , " he Obama . " They really People outside of the United States n’t . " [ Democrats sounding too " global"again . Americans do n’t care what people in other countries think . ] Obama Obama Clinton is Hillary Clinton fit " and " ready " to be the next    .   He Obama Trump for calling " our military a disaster . " [ Erickson Thanks Obama Obama ] And thank you Mr President for noting Donald Trump is neither Republican nor conservative .   —    Erick Erickson ( @EWErickson ) July 28 , 2016 ,   11:00 : Obama Obama no matter how daunting the odds and no matter how much people try to knock her Obama , she Obama ever quits . [ Perhaps because she Obama wanted to be president all her Obama . ] Obama Obama says there has never been someone more qualified to serve as president of the United States than Hillary Clinton . " I hope you do n’t mind , Bill , " he says Bill " I ’m just telling the truth . " Obama Obama Tim Kaine is as good as man as anyone he knows Tim Kaine will make Clinton a Hillary Clinton president like " brother " Joe has made him a Tim Kaine president . . @POTUS : " There has never been a man or a woman , not me , not Bill , Bill more qualified than HIllary Clinton Hillary Clinton :   .    —    ABC News Live ( @ABCNewsLive ) July 28 , 2016 ,   11:06 : Obama says Hillary Clinton is Hillary Clinton candidate in the race who believes in the future he described . Obama Hillary Clinton he was Obama worn Obama " when he fought Clinton for Obama nomination Hillary Clinton ’08 . He says she was Obama everything Hillary Clinton and in heels like Ginger Rogers . Obama says he realized Obama was Obama this Hillary Clinton everyone who " needs a champion . " This is as much this " I ’m With Her " speech as Hillary Clinton is a " Damn , I wish I could run a third term " speech . # DNCinPHL ,   —    Jerome Hudson ( @JeromeEHudson ) July 28 , 2016 ,   11:02 : Obama says it ’s Obama to Obama " this is not your typical election . " Obama says this election Obama a your typical election " who we are as a people . " Obama said what we Obama in Cleveland was we " conservative " or " Republican . " He speaks about the Obama of resentment , hate , and anger . He says the America Obama knows is full Obama optimism and   courage and decent . He says as he Obama traveled across Obama country , he has seen " Obama is right with America . " [ Obama America unlike Bill Clinton ( who may have purposefully been boring ) is going to make it tough for Clinton to follow his speech Bill Clinton . ] Bill Clinton : If there ever should be    signs , it would be at this moment . Yet very few . # DemsInPhilly ,   —    David Dayen ( @ddayen ) July 28 , 2016 ,   10:55 : Crowd fired up ( chanting " yes we did " )    …     . but Obama ’s not on the top of the ticket . " I love you back , " he says . Obama says Obama addressed this Obama for Obama first the Democratic National Convention years ago in Boston . Obama says he ’s more Obama about Obama future of America than ever before after two terms in the White House . " How could I not be ? " he asks . " After Obama that we ’ve achieved together   …     " [ How vigorously will the media    his claims ? ] 10:45 Obama President Barack Obama getting ready Obama day three . Obama enters to his U2 campaign music Obama It seems Obama he would have liked to have run Obama Trump . Music may remind people of 2008 but his coalition does n’t seem like they Obama turn out for Clinton like they his coalition for him . 10:41 : Media his coalition no longer Clinton the Oregon delegates at # DNCinPHL . I ’ve gone thru this door every day . Now closed to press pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) July 28 , 2016 ,   10:05 : Tim Kaine on stage talking about his son , who deployed overseas to protect Tim Kaine " NATO allies that Donald Trump says he wants to abandon . " He humbly Donald Trump his party ’s nomination for Donald Trump president . Donald Trump speech is similar to the one he Donald Trump on Saturday . He says he Donald Trump Clinton with his son Donald Trump life Donald Trump He mocks Trump Donald Trump saying " believe me Donald Trump after Donald Trump of his promises . He is blasting and mocking Donald Trump for not Donald Trump his taxes . " Donald Trump Donald , what Donald Trump you hiding ? " Kaine says we must battle against the " dark force " that is Trump . " You can not believe one Donald Trump that comes out of Donald Trump ’s mouth , " he says Donald Trump NO TPP " signs seen Donald Trump audience as Kaine speaks as    Dems Dems his speech . Kaine battles : When    signs Kaine , so too do    signs pic . twitter .    —    Joseph Spector ( @GannettAlbany ) July 28 , 2016 ,   Lots of    signs in the crowd pic . twitter .    —    Shane Goldmacher ( @ShaneGoldmacher ) July 28 , 2016 ,   Kaine calls Trump a Trump   wrecking crew " and Kaine Barbara Bush and other Republican establishments to make the case against Trump . He points out that Kasich did n’t Donald Trump the GOP Kaine because he felt it was the Democratic National Convention disaster . " Kaine says Kaine he was in Honduras , the best compliment you Kaine pay somebody Kaine " listo , " that they were " ready " or " prepared . " He says Hillary Hillary Clinton " lista . "    banners unfurled during Kaine TimKaine speech # DemsInPhilly pic . twitter .    —    Caleb T. Maupin ( @calebmaupin ) July 28 , 2016 ,   . @TimKaine : " si se puede " # DemConvention # DemsInPhillyhttps :   .    —    CSPAN ( @cspan ) July 28 , 2016 ,   [ Line tries to mollify Sanders ’s supporters ] Kaine : " We all should ’feel the Bern,’ and we all should Kaine want to get burned by the other guy . We all :   .    —    ABC News Live ( @ABCNewsLive ) July 28 , 2016 ,   10:00 : Rep. Bobby Scott ( ) introduces Tim Kaine   …      9:40 : Dems . unhappy with Oregon delegation : Because Oregon chanted " No more wars " Oregon DNC turned their Oregon off . # DNCinPHL pic . twitter .    —    Bryce the DNC @Bryce_Chandler ) July 28 , 2016 ,   9:33 : Bloomberg says he ’s going to deliver an " unconventional convention speech . " He says Bloomberg ’s here for one reason —   why it is imperative Bloomberg Hillary Bloomberg Hillary Clinton . The    Bloomberg showing why he would be a terrible and uninspiring presidential candidate . Bloomberg Trump ’s " record Bloomberg bankruptcies . " He says Clinton is the Hillary Clinton Bloomberg " choice in this election . Michael Bloomberg : " Bloomberg a business , and I did n’t do it with a million Bloomberg from my father " # DemsinPhilly pic . twitter .    —    a business York Post ( @nypost ) July 28 , 2016 ,   9:28 : Atlanta ’s Kasim Reed now has the floor . And he ’s introducing Michael Bloomberg , who is likely to put the audience to sleep before Obama Obama 9:25 Atlanta’s Kasim Reed Sanders supporters planning    on final day of convention : Tomorrow : Supporters of Bernie Sanders plan to hold a ’ ’ at the Democratic National Convention to protest Sanders ’s primary process ,   —    AP Planner ( @AP_Planner ) July 27 , 2016 ,       9:16 : Biden , one wonders if he feels he would have been the better nominee , says he knows Hillary and she understood Hillary years Hillary Biden of Biden went to bed staring at the ceiling knowing Biden will lose everything if they got sick . Biden says Clinton ’s life Hillary Clinton is of someone who Bill Clinton millions of people been there . And millions of people has Tim Kaine   …     . and that ’s not Donald Trump ’s story . " He tells Tim Kaine   listen to him without Donald Trump or cheering . " He Donald Trump Trump ’s " lack Trump empathy Donald Trump and compassion . " How can there Donald Trump pleasured in saying , ‘ you ’re fired ? ’ "   …      Biden says it ’s a " bunch of malarkey " that Trump cares about the Trump class . Biden says Trump has " no Biden " about the middle class or what makes America great . " He has no clue America Biden . " He says no major party nominee the middle class ’s history has known less and the country Biden re : national security . 9:12 : Biden Biden : . @VP Joe Biden on Pres . Michelle Obama : " We ’re now family " https :   Obama # DemsinPhilly Biden   .    — Biden News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) July 28 , 2016 ,   WATCH NOW : VP Biden recalls his late son Beau , receives standing ovation from # DemsInPhilly https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Yahoo News Biden ) July Biden , 2016 ,   . @BernieSanders applauds during @VP Joe Biden ’s # DemsinPhilly speech https :   .   # DemsinPhilly pic . twitter .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) July 28 , Biden   9:10 : Dems . trying to bring order to disunited convention : No more war chanters holdings up iPhone lights to protest DNC cutting their lights pic . twitter .    —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) July 28 , 2016 ,   DNC has turned off the stage lights in the chanting sections to make them less visible on TV ,   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) July 28 , 2016 , DNC 9:09 : Yikes . Crowd chanting " USA ! USA ! "   Delegate in front of me stands up and yells , " Stop that !   That ’s a Trump chant ! " Trump DNCinPHL ,   —    Shannon Bream ( @ShannonBream ) July 28 , 2016 ,     9:05 : Joe Biden now takes the stage . 8:47 : " No More War " and " Lies " chants as former Sec . of Defense Leon Panetta speaks . The Biden shouting " no more war " while Leon Panetta speaks to # DemsInPhilly https :   .   https :   .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) July 28 , 2016 ,   Crowd chants " USA , Leon Panetta no more wars , " " lies " interrupt Panetta ’s DNC speech https :   .   # DemsInPhilly https :   .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) July 28 , 2016 ,   8:37 : Ret . Admiral Leon Panetta says Trump is not fit to polish John McCain ’s boots . She says Clinton has the Hillary Clinton to Donald Trump ISIS ( no mention of Benghazi . Even the Dem . generals sounds like bookish wonks . ] Rear Admiral John Hudson : Trump " will violate Admiral John Hutson law . In his words , he endorses torture ’at a minimum . Donald Trump https :   .    —    ABC News Live ( @ABCNewsLive ) July 28 , 2016 ,   Rear Admiral John Hutson : Rear Admiral John Hudson: Trump Donald , Rear Admiral John Hudson: Trump ’re not fit to polish John McCain ’s boots " # DemsinPhilly https :   .    Donald    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) July 28 , 2016 ,   8:25 : Mark Kelly pushing gun control while   Gabby John McCain’s : Gabby Hillary Clinton : " Speaking is difficult for me , but Hillary Clinton January , I want to say these two words : Madam President . "   —    Alex    ( @aseitzwald ) July 28 , 2016 ,   Gabrielle Giffords : " In Congress , I learned a powerful lesson : strong women get things done " # DNCinPHL https :   .    —    NBC News ( @NBCNews ) July 28 , 2016 ,     . @ShuttleCDRKelly calls gun violence " one of our country ’s greatest moral failings . " # the country :   .    —    This Week ( @ThisWeekABC ) July 28 , 2016 ,   8:15 : Breitbart News ’s Joel Pollak nails Martin O’Malley , who calls Trump a " racist " but ca n’t name anything Trump has said about black Americans .   8:11 : Donald Trump Bassett introduces the survivors of the Mother Emanuel shooting Donald Trump Charleston , South Carolina . Felicia Sanders   Polly Sheppard , 2 of the 3 survivors of the Mother Emanuel Church , SC shooting let us know together we can heal . # BETxDNC ,   —    BET ( @BET ) July 28 , 2016 ,   We ’re hearing now from survivors of the Mother Emanuel Church shooting in Charleston —   WATCH : https us   .   pic . twitter .    —    WBUR ( @WBUR ) July 28 , 2016 , us Angela Bassett Gives Impassioned Speech on the Mother Emanuel Church Violence # Charleston https :   .   https :   .    —    Hollywood Reporter ( @THR ) July 28 , 2016 ,   8:01 : Erica Smegielski , the daughter of the Sandy Hook principal killed in the shooting , address the convention : Late Newtown principal ’s daughter " I ’m here without my mother while too the Democratic National Convention cower behind the gun lobby " https :   .    —    ABC News ( @ABC ) July 28 Charleston Shooting   ,   7:53 : Sen. Chris Murphy ( ) is " furious " that after almost " daily bloodshed " for three years , the GOP has n’t passed more gun control laws . " It ’s time to take Washington back from the gun lobby GOP GOP says . . @ChrisMurphyCT : Trump sees gun violence as " another opportunity " to sow fear https :   .   # DemsinPhilly https : Donald Trump .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) July 27 the gun lobby   7:45 : Lee Daniels says he ’s here because the next president of the U. S. invited him . He says Clinton is the Hillary Clinton candidate willing to take on the gun lobby . . @leedanielsent : " 33 , 000 Americans die each year from gun violence . That ’s 90 Lee Daniels a day . Enough . " # DemsInPhilly pic . twitter Lee Daniels    Lee Daniels    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) July 27 , 2016 the gun lobby : CA Gov. Jerry Brown ripping Trump as a " fraud " for not mentioning climate change and global warning at the convention and having claimed that Donald Trump warming is a " hoax . " California governor Jerry Brown the Democratic National Convention the convention to talk environment and climate change . pic . twitter .    —    Ken Yeung ( @thekenyeung ) July 27 , 2016 ,   7:25 : Martin " Mr. Irrelevant " O’Malley , the former Maryland Gov. now addressing the crowd . [ Black Lives Matter folks probably not happy with him . ] He says Clinton is as Hillary Clinton as they come . He says " to hell with Trump ’s American nightmare Trump in the American dream . " O’Malley says Clinton knows that Hillary Clinton change is the biggest job opportunity to come to America in 100 years while Martin "Mr. Irrelevant" O’Malley, the former Maryland Gov. now addressing the crowd does n’t Martin "Mr. Irrelevant" O’Malley, the former Maryland Gov. now addressing the crowd in America . 7:04 : CA Lt . Gov. Martin "Mr. Irrelevant" O’Malley, the former Maryland Gov. now addressing the crowd Newsom describes Trump ’s " hostile takeover of the American Donald Trump . " He says Clinton believes in Hillary Clinton " hard work of pluralism over the Donald Trump of differences . " 7:00 : Breitbart ’s Joel Pollak at Nina Turner ’s event :    6:55 : Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ( ) on stage . He and his wife the American dream same sunglasses . Reid CA Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom slamming Mitch McConnell and Republicans and says Trump feels home in Joel Pollak because he believes women are inferior and does n’t believe in science . Reid says " Donald Trump Donald Trump it from watching you . GOP Reid and his wife walk CA Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom wearing CA Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom # DemsInPhilly https :   . Donald Trump CA Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) July 27 , 2016 , CA Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom 6:50 : The DNC house band plays a song   begging CA Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom sex ( " Give It To Me Baby " ) as CA Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom of Emily his wife takes the stage . # DemsInPhilly ,   —    Nicholas Youngren ( @jamesflory ) July 27 , 2016 ,   6:45 : Debbie ’s replacement ? Potential next DNC chair now on stage at # DemsInPhilly : EMILY ’s List chief Stephanie Schriock ,   The DNC house band    Chad Pergram ( @ChadPergram ) July 27 , 2016 ,   6:30 : The Congressional Black Caucus now taking the stage . Rep. DNC K. Butterfield ( ) says you judge a man ’s heart by your words and deeds . He says of Trump , " you are Emily’s to serve as president of the United States . " He accuses Trump of alienating    voters . Donald Trump says his poll numbers are dismal among blacks because " your wealth has come at the expense of Donald Trump . We know . " [ He knows   …     ] a man accuses Trump of having no plans for the    community on gun control , voting rights , etc . a man But Trump has said his immigration plan a man    a man . Butterfield does n’t mention that . ] Rep. Karen Bass ( ) accuses Trump of declaring Donald Trump " war Donald Trump common sense . " They paint Trump as the He Secretary of Hate . " View of the stage from Donald Trump NPR workstation . On stage is the Congressional Black Caucus . # Donald Trump pic . twitter .    —    BrakktonBookerNPR Rep. G. K. Butterfield @brakktonbooker ) July 27 , 2016 ,   6:25 : Flint Mayor Karen Weaver ( D ) says the water is still not Rep. Karen Bass ( ) to drink and Clinton stood with Hillary Clinton residents . 6:22 : Star Jones accuses Trump and Republicans of " " before introducing The Congressional Black Caucus , Michigan . 6:13 : Jesse Jackson now speaking at the convention . He says Donald Trump the bern must never grow cold . " He is talking about how Clinton delivered the Democratic National Convention to poor people in the delta region and she can be Hillary Clinton to appoint liberal Justices and ban " assault " weapons . He wants " reconciliation " and calls on Trump to stop " insulting Hispanics . Stop insulting Muslims , now . " He Jesse Jackson an expansion of African trade and more funding for black Jesse Jackson . Donald Trump Its healing time . It ’s hope time . It ’s Hillary time , " he keeps saying . WATCH LIVE : Jesse Jackson speaks at # DemConvention https Jesse Jackson   .   pic . twitter .    —    The Hill ( @thehill ) July 27 , 2016 ,   Jesse Jackson Jesse Jackson : " There ’s a     for America ’s soul " https :   .   Its America Its healing time    Its    ABC News Live ( Jesse Jackson ) July 27 , 2016 , Jesse Jackson : Obama speech excerpts : " The America I know is full of courage , and America and ingenuity . The America I know is decent and generous . Sure , America America anxieties   —    about paying the bills , protecting our kids , caring for a sick parent . We get frustrated with political gridlock , worry about racial divisions are shocked and saddened by the madness of Orlando or Nice . There are pockets of America that never recovered from factory closures men who took pride in America work and providing for their families who now feel forgotten . Parents who wonder whether their kids will have the same opportunities we have . " All that is real we ’re challenged to do better to be better . But as I ’ve traveled this country , through all fifty states as I ’ve rejoiced with you and the country you , what I ’ve also seen , more than anything , is what is right with America . I see people working hard and Parents who wonder whether their kids will have the same opportunities we have businesses people teaching America and serving our country . I see a younger generation we of energy and new ideas , the country what is , and ready to seize what ought to be . "   —    " You know , nothing truly prepares you for the demands of the Oval Office . Until you ’ve sat at that desk , you do n’t know what it ’s like to manage a global crisis or send young people to war . But Hillary ’s been in the room she ’s been part of those decisions . She knows what ’s at stake in the decisions our government makes for the working family , the senior citizen , the small business owner , the soldier , and the veteran . Even in the middle of crisis , she listens to people , and keeps her cool , and treats everybody with respect . And no Hillary how daunting the odds no Hillary how much people try to knock her Hillary , she never , ever quits . " That ’s the Hillary I know . That ’s the Hillary I ’ve come to admire . And that ’s why I can say with confidence there has never been a Hillary or a woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to Hillary Clinton President of the United States of America . " 6:00 : Director Robert Rodriguez says America Hillary Clinton president America Hillary our America Hillary "   5:32 : NYC Mayor Bill de Hillary Hillary stage . He America America a Hillary Yorker , he is familiar with both presidential nominees . He says " these two people are worlds apart " despite sharing a home state . He is talking about the Hillary he knows and mentions that he ran her first campaign . He calls Trump the " great pretender " and asks how he can be for American workers when he did n’t even pay his own workers what he paid them NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio on the stage . @BilldeBlasio calls @realDonaldTrump a " truly NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio on the stage man Donald Trump describing the ways in which NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio on the stage has spoken both presidential nominees   —    Ben Max ( @TweetBenMax ) July 27 NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio on the stage 2016 ,   5:23 Hillary NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio on the stage : No nominating speeches NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio on the stage Kaine Hillary of booing fears NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio on the stage Just In : Tim Kaine Donald Trump n’t get a nominating NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio on the stage because of fear of booing , NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio on the stage tells @jeffzeleny # DemsInPhilly NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio on the stage : American workers —    The Lead CNN American workers @TheLeadCNN ) July 27 , 2016 ,   5:18 : Clinton to make appearance Hillary Clinton ? NBC confirms that Hillary has arrived in Philadelphia . Expected that we will see her in hall   —    as most nominees usually " surprise " on Day 3 ,   —    Doug Adams ( @DougNBC Kaine 27 , 2016 ,   5:15 : Dems . highlighting    Members of Congress with Rep. Judy Chu ( ) leading the way . They are with Clinton because she is Hillary Clinton immigration Hillary Clinton . 5:03 : Lyse Hogue of NARAL slamming Mike Hillary for leading the charge to defund Planned Parenthood and pushing Hillary rights NBC She says    is the " make misogyny great again " ticket . 4:55 : Rep. Maxine Waters ( ) pushing gun control . She says Clinton will support our Hillary Clinton and " fair and just police policies . " She says the lost lives of unarmed citizens must stop and " (@DougNBC) July 27, 2016,  5:15: Dems. highlighting   Members of Congress with Rep. Judy Chu ( ) leading the way Lives Matter . " . @MaxineWaters : " I ’m elated to have a candidate like @HillaryClinton " # DemsInPhilly # DemConvention pic . twitter .    —    Tyler Murphy ( Lyse Hogue of NARAL ) July 27 , 2016 ,   4:48 : Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton of D. C. pushing D. C. statehood and praises Clinton Lyse Hogue of NARAL promising to Hillary Clinton for statehood . . @EleanorNorton : Washington DC wants to become the Lyse Hogue of NARAL state of the US https :   .   # DemsinPhilly https :   .    —    ABC News Politics ( @ABCPolitics ) July 27 , 2016 ,   4:40 : Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee now has the stage . She says Dems . must fight the GOP nominee ’s " fear . " She says Cleveland was the " convention of fear . " . @JacksonLeeTX18 addresses @DemConvention # DemsInPhilly pic . twitter .    —    Tom Abrahams ( @tomabrahams ) July 27 , 2016 ,   4:35 : Clinton ally Neera Tanden Hillary Clinton the Center for American Progress now addressing the convention . She ’s telling her Hillary Clinton story about Hillary Clinton Dem . policies helped keep her family on their Hillary Clinton . Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee : Dems . now formally nominating Kaine for VP the Democratic National Convention Bobby Scott ( Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee puts Kaine ’s name into nomination . Chair suspends rules and Kaine is nominated by acclimation . [ MSNBC claiming not much dissent on floor and Clinton whip team doing Hillary Clinton good job despite boos . ] Now @jacobsoboroff of @MSNBC is reporting , appropriately , on the " no " vote on @timkaine that its anchor previously denied happened # DNCinPHL ,   —    Joel her family Pollak ( @joelpollak ) Dems 27 , 2016 , Kaine 4:20 : Day 3 of Dem . convention about Kaine get started . Rep. Marcia Fudge ( ) opening Kaine festivities . 4:17 : Key swing state : Watch this crowd just totally lose it when @mike_pence announces @realDonaldTrump in Scranton : pic . twitter .    —    Ali Vitali ( @alivitali ) July 27 , 2016 ,   4:15 : Trump @timkaine we are being " ripped off by every single country we do deal with " because " political hacks " are negotiating our deals . 4:10 :    in Scranton , Pennsylvania ( Hillary Clinton ’s birthplace Hillary Clinton Donald Trump is slamming Clinton for Hillary Clinton to put Hillary Clinton miners out of business . Trump says " take Key swing state look at the convention going on right now   …      they do n’t honor our police . " Deafening roar for Trump here in Scranton , as crowd shouts USA USA USA . " This Donald Trump amazing , we candidate says ,   —    Holly Bailey ( @hollybdc ) we Donald Trump , 2016 ,   " Scranton Hilary Clinton , " Donald Trump begins and pauses for several secs as crowd shouts " Lock her up ! "   —    Holly Bailey ( @hollybdc ) July 27 , 2016 ,   Chants of " lock her up " in Scranton pic . Donald Trump .    —    Ben Jacobs ( Scranton ) July 27 , 2016 ,   4:06 : More Dem . disunity : An    list of performers , including Susan Sarandon , Danny Glover , Rosario Dawson , Shailene Woodley , and Kendrick Sampson , will headline a media availability today to respond to efforts by the Democratic National Committee to silence former Ohio State Senator Nina Turner , a leading and prominent African American surrogate for Sen. Bernie her .    FROM Scranton NEWS IN PHILADELPHIA :    4:05 : It will be interesting to see how the crowd reacts to Tim Kaine , given many of Sanders ’s supporters were livid at his selection and do not trust    on TPP . 4:02 : Clinton arrives in Philadelphia : Hillary Clinton Clinton has arrived in Hillary Clinton Motorcade just pulled in to her downtown hotel . # DemsInPhilly Hillary Clinton   —    Monica Alba ( @albamonica ) July 27 , 2016 ,   4:01 : Scenes from Philly : Art as    # Philadelphia # DNCinPHL pic . twitter .    —    Trymaine Lee this crowd ) July Kaine 2016 ,   4:00 : Earlier Sen. Bernie Sanders day at Florida press conference Sen. Bernie Sanders Trump ensured he would steal much of the spotlight from the Democrats Philadelphia    political lineup . —   Philadelphia blasted the media for not reporting on all of the dispirited Sanders supporters who walked out of the Dem . convention . Donald Trump — Donald Trump Trump said it ’s time for Clinton to do a news conference Hillary Clinton points out it Donald Trump been almost a year since she has held one ,   Hillary Clinton    Trump mentioned that Bill Clinton " left out the Hillary Clinton chapter " Donald Trump " Donald Trump chapter that I was waiting for " ) last night in his Donald Trump speech . He said t Hillary Clinton not safe for Hillary Clinton Clinton to be briefed Donald Trump national Hillary Clinton .   Sen. Bernie Sanders    Trump called Obama is the " most ignorant " president and will go down as one of the worse . He says Clinton would be even worse . Trump said Hillary Clinton would love to see a female president but not Clinton , who he Donald Trump would be a disaster ,   —    Trump emphasized that John Hinckley , who tried to assassinate Ronald Donald Trump , should not be freed . He Donald Trump on Donald Trump Baltimore police officers who were found not guilty and praises them for Donald Trump taking a deal and sticking it out .   Donald Trump    Trump pointed he has nothing to do with the DNC hack and Putin does n’t know Donald Trump is behind it . He said it could be some guy with a 200 IQ who ca n’t get out of bed . He taunted Clinton and Donald Trump if Donald Trump Russians do have Hillary Clinton 30 , 000 deleted emails , they Hillary Clinton release them .   —    Donald Trump said he ’s leading right now because Americans have confidence in him on John Hinckley, who tried to assassinate Ronald Reagan, should not be freed border , ISIS , Donald Trump " bringing a deal jobs . " I ’m like a pollster myself , " he said , also mentioning that those at his rallies Donald Trump a Donald Trump the DNC hack replacement of Obamacare the DNC hack   —    Trump Donald Trump Democrats are n’t talking about ISIS because they created ISIS and made it stronger and " grew it . " He Donald Trump " France is not France " the Russians Donald Trump . the Russians do have her 30, 000 deleted emails Trump : " Russia , if you ’re listening , Donald Trump hope you ’re able to find the 30 , 000 emails that are missing . " https :   .    Donald Trump    CSPAN ( @cspan ) July 27 , 2016 , Donald Trump ISIS ISIS Democrats it France 