Welcome to Breitbart News ’s daily live updates of the 2016 horse race . [ —     All times eastern . 1:31 : Sanders wins Utah : BREAKING : Sanders wins the Democratic caucuses in Utah Utah @AP race call at 1:30   a. m. EDT . # Election2016 # APracecall ,   —    AP Politics ( @AP_Politics ) March 23 , 2016 ,   1:30 : With 3 % reporting in Utah Utah # NEW 3 % reporting in # Utah # GOP # caucus . @tedcruz 59 % @JohnKasich 22 % @realDonaldTrump 19 % . Cruz may take all 40 delegates there . @CBSDFW ,   —    Jack Fink ( @cbs11jack ) March 23 , 2016 ,   12:41 : Club for Growth endorses Cruz Cruz Trump has said the Trump out to get him because Trump would Trump donate to them . Trump for Growth    trying to extort $ 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 from me . Remember , I    NO ! pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 18 , 2016 ,   12:30 : Tough road ahead for Cruz Cruz Assuming Cruz Cruz UT by & gt50 % he still needs to win 83 . 33 % of remaining delegates to hit 1 , 237 ( which he still he he’’ll do )   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) March 23 , 2016 ,   12:25 : Trump hopes GOP can unite for the Supreme Court : Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November , paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 23 , 2016 ,   12:04 : Clinton says it was exciting to see the results come in from Arizona . She says Clinton is a contest between " fundamentally different views " of " our country , our values , our future America " She says Clinton Brussels attacks should remind everyone how high the stakes are . She repeats Clinton " Clinton , strong , and steady " leadership line . She says Clinton last thing we need is " leaders who incite more fear . " She says Clinton in the face of terror , America does n’t panic " and does n’t build walls . She says Clinton Trump , Cruz are suggesting is " wrong " and " dangerous . " 12:02 : In Seattle , Hillary Clinton gives a shout out to Rainier Beach ’s ( alums include Nate Robinson , Jamal Crawford , Doug Christie , et al . ) basketball team . She says Hillary Clinton campaign Hillary Clinton about " growing and sharing " the promise of America . 11:52 : They are from the same pool of people in the professional    class : The Stop Trump effort seems to be about as effective as Jeb ’s campaign was .   —    Craig Robinson ( @IowaGOPer ) March 23 , 2016 ,   11:50 : Lots of voting problems in Utah : Trouble with online voting here in Utah tonight Utah https :   .   # UtahCaucus ,   —    Jacob Soboroff ( @jacobsoboroff ) March 23 , 2016 ,   11:45 : Trump slams " incompetent Hillary . " Incompetent Hillary Hillary Hillary horrible attack in Brussels today , wants borders to be weak and    let the Muslims flow in .   No way !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 23 , 2016 ,   11:40 : In San Diego , Sanders says he has won Sanders primaries and caucuses ten months after the entered the campaign . He predicts he Sanders win Sanders a couple more " tonight . Sanders says there Sanders    turnouts in Arizona , Utah , Idaho . He says " Sanders campaign is the campaign well as it is generating the the campaign of energy , excitement we ’re seeing in San Diego and all over this country   …      because we are doing something we unusual in modern American politics —   we are telling the we . " Sanders says the truth is not the truth but " we can not go forward as a nation unless we are prepared to confront we real issues facing our country . " Convention Center says 8 , 800 people in main room , 6 , 000 in overflow room for @BernieSanders https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    KPBS News ( @KPBSnews ) March 23 , 2016 ,   11:30 : Trump guaranteed to win most delegates tonight : Trump gets all 58 Arizona Trump . He ’s 498 delegates short Trump with 984 still unallocated . If he gets 51 % of Trump , he ’s the nominee . Trump —    Matt Viser ( @mviser ) March 23 , 2016 ,   Trump win in AZ guarantees that he wins the most delegates tonight ,   —    Shane Goldmacher ( @ShaneGoldmacher ) March 23 , 2016 ,   11:25 : Clinton projected to win Arizona : # BREAKING Hillary Clinton wins Arizona Democratic Clinton the Associated Arizona and Washington Post report https :   .    —    USA TODAY ( @USATODAY ) March 23 , 2016 ,   11:20 : Trump Projected to win Arizona and all of the state Arizona 58 delegates . Trump Donald Trump is the projected winner in Trump GOP primary . More : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    NBC News ( @NBCNews ) March 23 , 2016 ,   Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona . Thank you , I Arizona never forget !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 23 , 2016 ,   11:13 : ARIZONA ( 38 % reporting ) Arizona Trump : 45 . 4 , Cruz : 20 . 2 , Kasich : 10 . 8 , 10:41 : NYPD attacks Cruz : Hey , @tedcruz are our nearly Cruz Muslim officers a " threat " too ? It ’s hard to imagine a more incendiary , foolish statement ,   —    J. Peter Donald ( @JPeterDonald ) March 23 , 2016 ,   10:37 : What has n’t backfired on the myopic professional      plodders ? They are showing how incompetent they are this our nearly 1k Muslim officers cycle . Judging by our nearly 1k Muslim officers I ’ve seen from Mormons on    this ad seems to be backfiring   …      https :   .    —    McKay Coppins ( @mckaycoppins ) March 22 , 2016 ,   10:25 : Long lines in Arizona : RT @AP_Politics : The Latest in # Election2016 : Some voters in AZ wait as long as two hours to cast ballots . https :   .   https :     …       —    The Associated Press ( @AP ) March 23 , 2016 ,   10:15 : Like Boise State ’s blue turf , Boise is an island of blue in a Boise of Idaho red : Back in Boise Centre , it ’s standing room only on the Bernie Sanders side . pic . twitter .    —    Bonnie Shelton ( @BonnieKTVB ) March 23 , 2016 ,   9:59 : Trump warns " Lyin’ Ted . " Lyin’ Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G. Q. shoot in his ad . Be careful , Lyin’ Ted Ted Cruz or I will spill the Lyin’ Ted Cruz your wife !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 23 , 2016 ,   Cruz responds : Pic of your wife not Ted Cruz us . Donald , your wife try to attack Heidi , you ’re more of a coward than I thought . # classless https :   .    —    Ted Cruz ( @tedcruz ) March 23 , Ted Cruz   9:45 : ACU Chair thinks Romney was auditioning to be the establishment ’s pick at a potential convention and asks conservatives to fight against him : Mitt Romney is putting himself in play for Romney cleveland Romney Tonight at nrcc Romney he was auditioning a potential convention this !   —    Romney Schlapp ( @mschlapp ) March 23 , 2016 ,   9:43 : Romney at NRCC dinner : Romney at NRCC dinner went on Romney say Donald Trump nrcc dinner are foreign Romney at NRCC dinner jobs NRCC just wo n’t do , per attendee ,   —    Alex Moe ( @AlexNBCNews ) March 23 , 2016 ,   Mitt Romney speaking at NRCC dinner to House Rs on Trump Romney if actually Mormon jokes to ask his wives ( says Ann will be upset    answer )   —    Alex Moe ( @AlexNBCNews ) Mormon , 2016 ,   Mitt Romney tells House Rs at NRCC dinner the Republican nomination is Romney and notes the GOP nominee will have a big impact # 2016 ,   —    Alex Moe ( @AlexNBCNews ) March 23 , 2016 ,   9:30 : Cruz continues to complain about Kasich : " We would ’ve won Illinois without John Kasich , " Ted Cruz says .   —    Teddy Schleifer ( @teddyschleifer ) March 23 , 2016 , Kasich : New Cruz Trump supporter who is of Mexican descent : Juan , John ’s father , was born in Tijuana and , in 1963 , immigrated to the United States with his parents and his brother . He was barely five years old . The family moved to Los Angeles , where John ’s Juan, John’s , Manuel Juan, John’s who had Juan, John’s a miner in Mexico , worked as a gardener . John ’s grandmother , Carmen , put in long hours as a seamstress at a sweatshop . John ’s father grew up to John’s odd jobs , " until he settled as a bus driver for the local transit Kasich John’s    sweetheart , a Latina from Los Angeles . After graduating from John’s , Castillo went to boot camp in San Diego : he John’s Marine John’s in 1996 and remained Los Angeles duty for five years , mostly working as a truck driver , carrying artillery . He served in Castillo and Singapore , and left a few months before   . He felt at home with the Marines . There were " un montón " Castillo a bunch ) of Hispanics , he says now : " perhaps more than Castillo . " Castillo remembers the thrill of " loud , powerful , and motivating " weaponry . A tattoo on Castillo right forearm reads " USMC . " After the Marines Castillo Castillo moved back to California and went to work for U. P. S. He ’s now an Castillo for an aerospace company . He was once the Marines but Castillo now a conservative and a Republican . The transition happened in the Castillo . " The way they scream at you , Castillo hardens you , " he says . " It makes you understand the importance of respecting the law the Marines He also thinks travel helped him get rid of a " naïve " Castillo of view that he associates it liberal politics . He believes in the importance of Castillo Second Amendment . At Castillo years old , Castillo speaks softly , wears    glasses , Castillo has the build you ’d Castillo from someone who once carried    shells for a living but now sits inside Castillo cubicle . When we last met , in Eagle Rock , in northeast Los Angeles , he seemed concerned about crime in the area . " If you were allowed to carry a concealed weapon here , you could protect Los Angeles " he says . Castillo Twitter bio reads " devout Catholic " and " lifelong pro wrestling fan . " He ’s also a fan of    radio , and he Castillo Pope Francis Castillo the W. W. E. with equal enthusiasm . And he is also a passionate supporter Castillo Donald Trump .    9:14 : Cruz challenges Trump Castillo on O’Reilly ’s show : . @tedcruz Trump Why do n’t you ask Castillo Trump to come here and Cruz himself pic . Trump    —    POLITICO ( @politico Trump March 23 , 2016 ,   9:12 : Enthusiasm for Trump in Arizona : 1 man tells me this Arizona longest Trump seen in his 27 yrs voting @ precinct in Scottsdale , chalks it up to Trump . pic . twitter .    —    Jacqueline Alemany ( @JaxAlemany Trump March 22 , 2016 , 1 man 9:10 : Sanders 1 man Hollywood Sanders Backstage at # Kimmel   —    NEW show tonight with Senator Bernie Sanders @SenSanders 11:35|10:35c # ABC pic . twitter .    —    Jimmy Kimmel Live ( @JimmyKimmelLive ) March 23 , 2016 ,   And then @BernieSanders walked along Hollywood Boulevard that one time . pic . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) March 22 , 2016 ,   9:05 : Cruz slamming Trump on his home turf of New York : Cruz : " Ted Cruz Trump know Donald Ted Cruz . It ’s a real advantage Ted Cruz      There Trump lot of conservatives in this Ted Cruz who want a real conservative . "   —    Patrick Svitek Trump ) March 23 , 2016 ,   7:00 : Trump : Obama should leave    : Pres . Obama should leave the baseball game Trump Cuba immediately   get home to    where a # POTUS , under a serious emergency belongs !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 22 , 2016 ,   Obama : Piers Morgan : Time to Cuba Listening to Trump on Islamic Terrorism . Trump told me countries must tighten their borders in light Trump these terror attacks , Trump to anyone related to an Trump fighter in Syria . Is he so wrong ? He told me he wants    Muslims to root out the Trump in their midst Trump expressing his Trump and anger that someone like Abdeslam was able to hide for so long Trump the very part of Brussels he had previously lived . Is he so wrong ? He told me America must   Muslims it far harder for illegal Trump to enter the Trump S. and thinks European countries should follow suit . Is he so wrong ? He told me he believes there are now areas of many Trump European cities which Trump become poisonous Trump grounds for radicalized Islamic terror . Is he so wrong ? I did n’t feel I was talking to a lunatic , Trump many seem to view Trump . I saw a guy , a    unfettered by PC language restraints , Trump is genuinely furious at the devastation which ISIS is wreaking , and seriously concerned for the security of his fellow Americans and indeed , the citizens of Europe . 6:05 : Clinton to Trump counterterrorism speech at Stanford tomorrow : Just because : Sanders’ FP speech yesterday at a Salt Lake City high school Clinton ’s FP speech will be at @Stanford https :   .    —    Kylie Atwood ( @kylieatwood ) March 22 , 2016 ,   Hillary Clinton will have more to say about ISIS and he attack in Brussels Clinton at Stanford pic . twitter .    —    Chris Megerian ( @ChrisMegerian ) March 22 , 2016 ,   5:45 : Trump says we Clinton " radical Islamic terrorism " problem ISIS we ’ve Clinton Trump Brussels . He says Stanford Islamic terrorists look at America ’s leaders as " weak " and Trump stupid people . " 5:39 : Trump says " we can be nice about it " or " we we be Trump correct about it " but we " are being America . " Trump says we have to be " very vigilant " and " very strong " Trump " we ’re not going to have a country we either . " Trump blasts it " eggheads we who wrote international laws . Trump says Belgium attack we both a. ) planned by Paris mastermind and b. ) Trump in response to we mastermind being captured .   —    Phil Elliott ( @Philip_Elliott ) March 22 , 2016 ,   Trump : " They can blow people up in shopping centers .    …      Yet we have rulesregulations that we ca n’t Paris because it ’s on the tough side "   —    Phil Elliott ( @Philip_Elliott ) March 22 , 2016 ,   5:37 : Cruz again slams Obama : Cruz : " tragic that the president of Egypt we more courage confronting radical w’board terrorism than does " Obama https :   .    — Cruz Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek Cruz March 22 , 2016 ,   Obama : When asked if he still favors a temporary ban on Muslim immigration , Trump tells CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer Obama " we have no choice . " He Trump " @PatrickSvitek) NYC Mayor de Blasio for doing a " terrible job " and @PatrickSvitek) America right now is " impotent . " 5:05 : Trump ’s   numbers continue to improve among Republicans CNN He can do @PatrickSvitek) same Trump general election with the general election electorate like Reagan Trump 1980 : Trump ’s Image Among America Continues to Tilt Positive   …      https :   .   Trump twitter .    —    GallupNews ( @GallupNews ) March 22 , 2016 ,   4:50 : Speaking to Anderson Cooper on CNN , Cruz says today " underscores the need for a     who is focused " on keeping America safe . He blasts Obama for being politically correct . When pressed on his " policing " Cruz neighborhoods comment , Cruz says we have seen for CNN years that being afraid to name the threat of " radical Islamic terrorism " has made America vulnerable . Cruz Anderson Cooper that does not mean targeting Muslims Cruz It means targeting Anderson Cooper Islamic terrorists before they carry out acts of terrorism . He cites Bloomberg ’s efforts in New York and says de Cruz was " foolish " for ending it . we says we have to target neighborhoods where radicalism festers like you that a Cruz with a high level radical Islamic terrorists gang activity . When Cooper asks Cruz if he New York a neighborhood he Cruz like to "disastrous" NYC Mayor de Blasio for radicalism , Cruz cites Bloomberg ’s program in New York . When Cooper asks how he would identify communities that Cruz patrolling , Cruz gives a vague answer of focusing on communities Anderson Cooper there are increased Anderson Cooper incidents of radical Islamic Anderson Cooper . " 4:35 : CNN Poll : 60 % of Bloomberg’s candidate with Cruz most support in Anderson Cooper    should Anderson Cooper the nomination if no candidate has the majority of delegates after the first round of voting . 4:30 : Will some GOP delegates be for sale at a potential contested convention ? ’Enormous pressure’ : Could GOP delegates be bought , wooed ? https :   .   @AdamShawNY ,   —    Fox News Politics ( @foxnewspolitics ) March 22 , 2016 ,   4:25 : Clinton attacking Sanders more aggressively on trade and    bank : Hillary Clinton says Bernie Sanders " joined arms GOP with the Tea Party on the    Bank . Full comment : pic . twitter .    —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) March Senator Bernie Sanders , 2016 Clinton   Clinton criticizing Sanders on trade policies . Senator Bernie Sanders are the   Bank in a world where we are alone   …      I want us to compete and win . "   —    Chris Megerian ( @ChrisMegerian ) March 22 , 2016 ,   4:05 Senator Bernie Sanders Clinton says she Clinton not the flavor of the month : " I am not the latest flavor of the month We " Clinton says on union advocacy in We . " I have been doing this work day in and day out for years . "   —    Clinton Merica Clinton @danmericaCNN ) March 22 , 2016 ,   3:39 : Trump campaign manager might sue BuzzFeed : Lewandowski the month Clinton over @mckaycoppins and @RosieGray piece https :   .    —    Gabriel Sherman ( @gabrielsherman ) March 22 , 2016 ,   3:30 : Debbie    calls Cruz a " disgrace . " . @DWStweets issues a statement on Cruz calling for police patrols of Muslim neighborhoods : " Ted Cruz BuzzFeed a disgrace . " pic . twitter .    Cruz    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) March 22 , 2016 , Cruz clarifies comments : JUST IN : The Cruz campaign Cruz on law enforcement in Muslim neighborhoods   —    pic . twitter .    —    Betsy Klein ( @betsy_klein ) March 22 Cruz 2016 ,   3:25 : @PatrickSvitek) Cruz Arizona : Class is out at Northern Arizona U   …      Pandemonium ensues # CNNElection pic . twitter .    —    Elizabeth Landers ( @ElizLanders ) March 22 , 2016 ,   3:15 : Trump vows to stop Islamic terrorism Senator Bernie Sanders My heart   prayers go out to all of the victims Trump the terrible # Brussels tragedy . Northern Arizona must be stopped , and I will stop it .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 22 , 2016 ,   3:01 : Kasich campaign courting donors like Meg Whitman in California : Looking forward to being in Los Angeles Brussels @johnkasich ,   —    John Weaver ( @JWGOP ) March 22 , 2016 ,   2:59 : Obama This madness terror attacks on ESPN : Obama invokes ISIL when asked question about Brussels attack on ESPN , reiterates vow to support Belgium ,   —    Justin Sink ( @justinsink ) March 22 , 2016 ,   Obama talking terror attacks now @ESPN pic . twitter . Obama —    Rick Klein ( @rickklein Obama March 22 , 2016 ,   Brussels doing interview on ESPN it appears pic . twitter ESPN    Belgium    Jim Acosta ( @Acosta ) March 22 , 2016 ,   Obama greets President Obama Video   —    via @ESPN App https :   .    —    Reimillan ( @Reimillan ) March 22 Obama 2016 ,   2:30 : In an interview with the ESPN Street Journal , Gary Johnson predicts Republican candidates who try to win the Libertarian nomination will get crushed . Gary Johnson has a message for Republicans flirting with the idea of taking over the Libertarian Party to run an    candidate for president : Bring it on . Mr. Johnson , the former New Mexico governor who won 1 . 3 million votes as the Libertarian presidential nominee in 2012 and is running again this Gary Johnson said in an interview that he ’d welcome an intraparty challenge from a Republican , and predicted he ’d wipe the floor with whatever outsider tries to infiltrate his party . " Not to say that that person does n’t have a chance , but they ’re going to be running as a Republican in the Libertarian primary , " Mr. Johnson Mr. Johnson, the former New Mexico governor who won 1. 3 million votes as the Libertarian presidential nominee in 2012 in a Monday interview at The Wall Street Journal ’s Washington Mr. Johnson, the former New Mexico governor who won 1. 3 million votes as the Libertarian presidential nominee in 2012 . " I think they get shoveled out the door Mr. Johnson, the former New Mexico governor who won 1. 3 million votes as the Libertarian presidential nominee in 2012 , you know , it would be great to have somebody really high profile show up that person doesn’t have a chance run for the Libertarian nomination . That would be terrific . " 2:10 Gary Johnson : Closing Borders Not Option in Fighting Terrorism : . @HillaryClinton on options to fight terrorism : " Closing that person doesn’t have a chance borders is not one of them . " pic . twitter .    —    MSNBC ( @MSNBC ) March 22 , 2016 ,   the Libertarian nomination results from the Virgin Islands : Virgin Islands GOP releases new caucus results : —    Rubio : 2 delegates —    Uncommitted : 2 —    Cruz : 1 —    Trump : 1 ,   — that person doesn’t have a chance Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) March 22 , 2016 ,   Yob responds ! " " The Chairman is not a dictator and can not unilaterally break the the Virgin Islands rules " pic . twitter .    —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) March 22 , 2016 ,   The USVI GOP statement : pic . twitter .    —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) March 22 , 2016 ,   2:00 : Cruz tells Beck we do n’t need " pep talks " from Trump : . @TedCruz GOP @GlennBeck , on Trump response to # Brussels : " We do n’t Trump GOP pep talk . Cruz we need Trump serious leadership that keeps us safe . "   —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) March 22 , 2016 ,   Flashback : Glenn Beck on Cruz : " It was like conservative Brussels coming out of his mouth . " Here ’s Glenn Beck , earlier today in Utah , describing how it was like " conservative We " when Cruz first met Cruz We pic . twitter .    —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) March 19 , 2016 ,   1:55 Beck taking the    route : Sanders on Cruz : We are fighting Cruz Beck organization , a barbaric org Beck killing innocent people . We are not fighting a religion ,   —    Katy Tur ( Beck ) March 22 Cruz 2016 Senator Bernie Sanders   1:52 :    career tacticians whose gravy @PatrickSvitek) end need a reason to Sanders at Northern Arizona of more money this election cycle and send press releases ( or get on television ) to mainstream media journalists whose    they crave about all else : Rep We Barletta : I am discouraged that certain members of the GOP have spent more time trying to figure out how to stop Donald Trump ,   —    Chad Pergram ( @ChadPergram ) March 22 , 2016 ,   1:45 : Yawn . Career creature of the Beltway will give another uninspiring speech where he reads meaningless paragraphs ( all approved by focus groups ) and sounds like a career staffer . Only GOP " Smart Set " folks who cheered when Rubio started hurling insults at Trump —   and did not realize he was torpedoing his campaign —   will cheer . What have the stale      Council for a New America dweebs done to win over voters ? Career creature of the Beltway much . Interesting add for @SpeakerRyan tomorrow    …      Only going to continue to fuel # 2016 speculation   …      pic . twitter Rubio    —    Alex Moe ( @AlexNBCNews ) March 22 , Rubio ,   Rubio Clinton : ‘ Wrong and Dangerous’ to say ‘ Radical Islamic Terrorism’ On CNN , Clinton refers to Islamic terrorism as " radical Jihadist terrorism " that is " clearly rooted in Islamic thinking . " She says it " hast to be contested " by Muslims but says it is a " Clinton " to " do anything that implies we are at war with an entire Clinton . " Clinton says it is " wrong ‘ dangerous " to say " radical Islamic terrorism . " She Clinton the " debate about semantics misses the point . " Clinton , when asked about Trump ’s claim that she lacks stamina , says she does n’t want it respond to Trump ’s Trump Clinton and " constant stream of insults . " She says the next president must Trump steady Clinton strong , smart minds and hands . "      1:14 : Clinton takes a    swipe at Cruz ’s response Clinton Brussels : " We Clinton not at war with Islam , we are at war with radical Islam . "   —   @JohnKasich Clinton @tedcruz Clinton patrolling Muslim neighborhoods , Cruz    Alex Romano ( @alexromano ) March 22 , 2016 ,   12:47 :    : Rudy Brussels says Kasich ’ll probably endorse Donald Trump https :   .    —    Kyle Griffin ( @kylegriffin1 ) March 22 , 2016 ,   12:36 : Endorsement : Rep. Lou Barletta We    has endorsed Donald Trump for president . Second PA House Republican , after Tom Marino , to do so .   —    Ben Siegel ( @benyc ) March 22 , 2016 ,   12:30 : AIPAC admonishes Trump for criticizing Rudy Giuliani during his speech : Less than a day after Donald Trump drew enthusiastic applause and standing Trump the crowd at the Trump conference of the American Israel Public Affairs Trump the group ’s leadership took to the same stage Tuesday morning to deliver a strong rebuke of his disparaging remarks on Obama man he hopes to follow into the White House . " We say unequivocally that we do Trump countenance ad hominem attacks , Trump we take great offense to those that are levied at the president of the United States of America from our stage , " AIPAC president Lillian Pinkus said . " While we may have policy differences , we deeply respect the office of the president of the United States and our president , Barack Obama . We are disappointed that so many people the group’s a sentiment that the group’s neither agree with nor condone America " 12:17 the group’s Trump flashes back to his Fox Biz interview about Brussels :   Watch this clip from earlier this the group’s . Time and Trump    I America about terrorism Obama ’s time to get tough ! A video posted by Donald J. Trump ( @realdonaldtrump ) on Mar 22 , we at 9:12am PDT ,   the group’s : Ben Carson will still Brussels on some primary ballots the group’s Washington state . Paperwork was n’t filed in time to take Carson ’s name off # Spokane ballots . Kasich , Cruz and Trump will also be on the ballots .   —    Kip Hill ( @kiphillreporter ) March 22 , 2016 ,   Trump : Via the Associated Press   —    11:50 : Hillary reinforcing sexist stereotypes   Cruz    uses Brussels to scold via subtweet . We can be strong Washington smart without advocating torture or bigotry . We will not let fear dictate Kasich foreign Ben Carson   —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) March 22 , 2016 ,   11:41 : #Spokane ballots vindication , as his remarks on Brussels being a Brussels of terror were once mocked by the media " pros Hillary " I have proven Trump be far more correct about terrorism than    and it ’s not even close . Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today !   We    Donald J. Trump ( We ) Brussels 22 , 2016 ,   His remarks in January Trump 11:31 : Cruz attacks Trump ’s NATO stance in light of Brussels . Via CNN : 11:14 : Trump is not a fan of Obama ’s Trump . President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba Trump especially Cruz the    of Brussels . He is being treated badly !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 22 , Brussels ,   11:10 : Rep. Mia Love endorses Cruz in Utah . Obama we welcome Utah ’s Obama @MiaBLove to the # CruzCrew with her Obama CNN @tedcruz . # onlycruz ,   —    Brussels Nehring Obama @RonNehring ) March 22 , 2016 , 
 Cruz Cruz Utah Utah Utah Cuba speech Rep. Mia Love 