" Trump now believes that    climate change is real " claims a headline in Mother Jones . ( Top trolling , guys . Almost worthy of the Master , DJT himself . ) [ " In shift , Donald Trump says humans may be causing global warming , " says PBS .   According to The Washington Post , meanwhile : Donald Trump Donald Trump be softening his tone on Donald Trump climate change is real and on his stated plans Donald Trump scrap the recent multinational agreement to limit carbon emissions . The name for this nonsense is " fake news "   —    as becomes clear when you read the transcripts of what    Trump actually Donald Trump Donald Trump meeting with The Donald Trump York Times . THOMAS L. FRIEDMAN , opinion columnist : But it ’s really important to me , and I Donald Trump to a lot of our readers , to know where you ’re going to go with this . I do n’t think anyone objects to , you know , doing all forms of energy . But are you going to take America out of the world ’s lead of confronting climate change ? TRUMP : I ’m looking at it very closely , Tom . I ’ll tell you what . I have an open mind to it . We ’re it to look very carefully . It ’s one issue it ’s interesting because there are few things where there ’s more division than climate change . You do n’t tend to hear this , but there are people on the other side of that issue who are , think , do n’t even    …      ARTHUR SULZBERGER Jr. publisher of The New York Times : We do hear it We So at this point , Trump is gently introducing the NYT‘s liberals to the concept that not everyone thinks the same way on climate change as they do . Let not everyone carry on , shall we ? FRIEDMAN : ’s was on ‘ Squawk Box’ with Joe Kernen this morning , so I got an earful of it . [ laughter ‘Squawk Box’ with Joe Kernen TRUMP : Joe is one of Joe Kernen . But a [laughter] TRUMP of smart people disagree with you . I have Joe Kernen very open mind . And I ’m going to study a lot of the things that happened on it and we ’re going to look at it very carefully . it I have an open mind . SULZBERGER : Well , since we ’re living on we island , sir , I want to thank you for having an open mind . We saw what these we are now doing , right ? We ’ve seen it we . Straight up . FRIEDMAN : But you have an open mind on this ? TRUMP : I do have an open mind . And we ’ve had storms we , Arthur . SULZBERGER : Not like SULZBERGER . TRUMP : You know the hottest day ever was in    98 . You know , you can make lots of cases for different views . I have a totally open mind . My uncle was for 35 years a professor at M. I. T. He was a great My uncle , scientist . He was a great My uncle . And he was    … My uncle a long time ago , he had feelings   My uncle    this was a long time ago   —    he had feelings on My uncle subject . It ’s a very this subject . I ’m not sure anybody is ever going to really know . I know we have , they say they have anybody on anybody side but then they also have those anybody emails that were sent between the scientists . Where was that , in Geneva or wherever five years ago ? Terrible . Where they got caught , anybody know , so you see that and you say , what ’s this all about . I absolutely have an open mind . I will tell you this : Clean air is vitally important . Clean water , crystal clean water is vitally important . Safety is vitally important . And you know , you mentioned a lot of the courses . I have some great , great , very successful golf courses . I ’ve received so many environmental awards for the way I ’ve done , you know . I ’ve done a tremendous amount of work where I ’ve received tremendous numbers . Sometimes I ’ll say I ’m actually an environmentalist and people will smile in some cases and other people that know me understand that ’s true . Open mind . Trump , it is obvious to anyone with half a brain , is taking the piss . He is telling the Trump liberal assembly " I hear what you say " and then , ever so nicely , indicating that he does n’t give Trump toss . The way he repeats that phrase Trump open mind " . He ’s trolling them Trump basically . ( Especially where he tells them he Trump an them Trump " : classic Trump . ) JAMES BENNET , editorial page editor : When you say an open mind , you mean you ’re just not sure whether human activity causes climate change ? Do you think human activity is or is n’t connected ? TRUMP : I think right now    …      well , I think there is some connectivity . There is some , something . It depends on how much . It also depends on It much it ’s going to It our companies . You have to understand , our companies are noncompetitive our companies . They ’re really largely noncompetitive our companies About four weeks ago , I started adding a certain little sentence into a lot of my speeches , that we ’ve lost 70 , 000 factories since W. Bush . 70 , 000 . When I first looked at the number , I said : ‘ That must be a typo . It ca n’t be 70 , you ca n’t have 70 , 000 , you would n’t think you have 70 , 000 factories here.’ And it was n’t a typo It it ’s right . We It lost 70 , we factories . We ’re not a competitive we with other nations anymore . We have to make ourselves we . We ’re we competitive for we lot of reasons . That ’s becoming more and more of the reason . Because a lot of these countries that we do business with , they make deals with our a lot of these countries that we do business , or whoever we and then they do n’t adhere to a lot of these countries that we do business deals , you know deals And it ’s much less expensive for their companies to produce products . So I ’m going to be studying that very hard , and I think I have a very big voice in it . And I think my it is listened to , especially by people that do n’t believe in it . And we ’ll let it know . " We ’ll let you know . we In other words : " I ’ll get back to you . " In other words : " Sorry . Not interested in your business . Got better things to do . " 
 