Protesters disrupted a San Francisco Board of Supervisors meeting Tuesday afternoon that met to discuss expanding the city ’s " sanctuary city " policy . [ Minutes after meeting Tuesday afternoon that met to discuss expanding the city’s "sanctuary city" policy began , two activists stood up and began shouting at San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee as he San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee speaking . They two activists for the ouster of San San Francisco chief Greg Suhr , who has been accused of being too lenient on racism within the police force , and tolerant of excessive force against black and Latino residents of the city .   Protesters also disrupted Mayor Lee San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee this year . Breitbart News noted at the time : Video of the inauguration captured by the San Francisco Chronicle shows Lee and Gov. Jerry San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee practically shouting to make their voices heard over Lee and Gov. Jerry Brown boos of protesters . Ahsha Safai , who is a candidate for the District 11 supervisor ’s seat , told the Chronicle " this the San Francisco Chronicle my seventh mayoral inaugural , and I ’ve never seen anything like it . " As the this video below from Breitbart News shows , a group of activists at the meeting to support San Francisco ’s sanctuary city policy also stood up , in violation of the rules . That group was not removed a group of activists at the meeting to support San Francisco’s sanctuary city policy The supervisors left the room during the disruption , but returned after officials cleared the two activists and a third woman . 1 hour into San Francisco Board of Supervisors meeting . Lots of    talk , not one mention of Katie Steinle . pic . twitter .    —    Lee Stranahan ( @stranahan ) May 10 , 2016 ,    As Breitbart News’ Michelle Moons reports , the city ’s sanctuary city policy was responsible for the presence of an illegal alien last year who shot and killed an innocent woman , Kathryn Steinle , who was sightseeing with her father last July . Donald an innocent woman took up the cause , and brought to national attention the plight of families of victims of violent crimes by illegal aliens . Supervisor John Avlos , who introduced the new ordinance , said that he did so as a response Donald Trump Trump ’s rhetoric on immigration during Donald Trump campaign . Joel B. Pollak contributed to this report . 
 