   Donald Trump ’s transition team announced on Friday that former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani has withdrawn former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani name for consideration as part of   Donald Trump cabinet , specifically for secretary of state . Giuliani former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani the former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani has withdrawn his name for consideration as part of Trump’s cabinet, specifically for secretary of state made days earlier on Nov. 29 . [ " The whole thing was becoming very confusing and difficult for the    and my desire to be in the cabinet was great , but it was n’t that great , and he former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani a lot of terrific candidates , " Giuliani former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani during an interview with Fox News after the announcement , adding that he former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani he former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani play a better role from outside of the administration .   During the interview an interview with Fox News former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani expressed Fox News with former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee and former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich , both Trump loyalists , that 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney may not be the best pick for Trump ’s secretary of state . Romney is reportedly one of at least Mitt Romney people being considered for the position . " Rudy Giuliani is an extraordinarily talented and patriotic American , " Trump stated in the press release . Trump I will always be appreciative of his    dedication to our campaign after Rudy Giuliani won the primaries and for his extremely wise counsel . He is Rudy Giuliani continues to be a Rudy Giuliani personal friend , and as appropriate , I will call upon him for advice and can see an Rudy Giuliani place for him in the administration at a later Rudy Giuliani . " Giuliani is staying on as Vice Chairman Rudy Giuliani the Presidential Transition Team . " Rudy would have been an outstanding member Rudy Giuliani the Cabinet in several roles , but I fully respect and understand his reasons for remaining in the private Rudy Giuliani , " Trump added . In the press release about the withdrawal , Giuliani explained why he was removing his Rudy Giuliani : I Rudy Giuliani the campaign Rudy Giuliani I love my country and because having known Donald Trump as a friend for 28 years and observing what he has been able to accomplish , Rudy Giuliani had no doubt he would be a great President . Rudy Giuliani is not about me it is about what is best Rudy Giuliani the country and the new administration . Before I joined the campaign I was very involved and the campaign my work with my law firm and consulting firm , and I will continue that work with even more enthusiasm . From the vantage point of the private sector , I look forward to helping the    in any way he deems necessary and appropriate . Trump ’s incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus said Giuliani " was vetted by our team for any possible conflicts and passed with flying colors . " Priebus also added , " The team appreciates incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus ’s contributions to the our team considers him a close friend and advisor . " Giuliani Rudy Trump remains one of his close Giuliani and he will be attending Giuliani    football game Giuliani him on Saturday . 
 Giuliani 