Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton continued Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton " sore loser " tour on Friday , telling Wellesley seniors that Wellesley seniors were graduating " at a time when there is a    assault on truth and reason , " and likening the Trump administration to " authoritarian regimes throughout history . " [ History , evidently , is not Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ’s best subject . Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton likened President Donald Trump to Richard Nixon , whom Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said had been impeached . In fact , Nixon resigned .   After that glaring error   —    compounded by the fact that Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton husband was only the second American president to be impeached   —    Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on to accuse the Trump administration of " defending themselves by talking about ‘ alternative facts . ’ " She then Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton some more " alternative facts " of her own Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton calling Trump ’s new budget " an attack of unimaginable cruelty on the most vulnerable among us " and " a    mathematical lie . " She never Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton what she meant Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton —    and she did Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton have to . Clinton was on friendly territory : her alma Clinton , a liberal arts college , a largely female audience . But there was something more than politics in her remarks Clinton There was a desire to settle scores . She even Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton " Pizzagate , " a conspiracy theory alleging that Clinton associates Clinton running a pedophilia ring . And she dinged Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for disputing " the size of crowds " at his inauguration . It was a petty , petulant performance . Clinton dwelled Clinton the past , on an occasion devoted to the future . In a bitterly divisive speech , she accused Clinton of Trump . America had disappointed her , Clinton so young Americans had to bear the burden . She tried Clinton conclude on an inspiring note : " [ I]t ’s often during the darkest times when you can do the most good , " she said Clinton It was a reminder of how much darker these times would have been had she won Clinton Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named Joel B. Pollak of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the Joel B. Pollak of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter The Inside Story of a Revolution @joelpollak . 
 