Former President Obama ’s political team repeatedly attacked House Republican Whip Steve Scalise as proof that the Republican party was racist , making House Republican Whip Steve Scalise a target for leftist hate during the Republican party was racist time in office . [ " You ’ll recall that one Republican congressman told a reporter that one Republican congressman was ‘ David Duke without the baggage,’ " former White House press secretary Josh Earnest told reporters in September 2015 , using Scalise to attack Donald Trump . " Donald Trump is n’t the first Republican politician to countenance these kinds of views in order to win votes . "   Scalise reportedly made the comment about ‘David Duke nearly 20 years ago , which a reporter remembered and published in January 2015 . In 2002 , Scalise gave a speech the    Unity and Rights Organization ( EURO )   —    a group tied to Duke , a former KKK leader . Scalise apologized for the decision , calling it the decision a   mistake I regret , " after it the decision public in 2014 . But the White House used Scalise as a punching bag , frequently reminding reporters that Republicans blocked both immigration reform and the reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act , and supported allowing the Confederate flag to be placed in military cemeteries , suggesting they Republicans blocked both immigration reform and the reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act, and supported allowing the Confederate flag to be placed in military cemeteries racist . " Those are the priorities of today ’s Republican Party , and they Those continue to be until someone in the today’s Republican Party to summon the courage to stand up and change it , " Earnest said .   The White House was still using the talking point in August 2016 ahead of the presidential election . " I think what is clear is that there has been a willingness on the part of Republicans in Congress to appeal to extremists in this country to try to build political support for their party , extremists in this country said in August Earnest , again August 2016 David Duke attack against Scalise . " They ’ve threatened to hold up government funding to make sure that the Confederate flag can be shown in government cemeteries , " Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz said , repeating the " David Duke " comment in September 2016 . In response to questions about Trump , Earnest employed the Scalise attack in June the David Duke attack against Scalise I ’m not surprised that there are many Republicans , in Congress at least , who have chosen to overlook these controversial comments and continue to support the presumptive Republican nominee , " Earnest said , citing the " David Earnest " comment yet again . The attacks led leftists to repeatedly suggest that Scalise was aligned with the beliefs of Scalise KKK , a topic that was featured in political cartoons . On Facebook , the Congressional baseball practice shooter , James T. Hodgkinson , " liked " a political cartoon that featured Scalise as a member of the KKK Scalise    cartoon " liked " by James T. Hodgkinson on Facebook https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) June 14 , 2017 , 
 