Forget the images of men in hard hats standing before factory gates , of men with    faces , of men perched high above New York City on steel beams . The emerging face of the American working class is a Hispanic woman who has never set foot on a factory floor . That ’s not the kind of work much of the working class does anymore . Instead of making things , Instead of making things are more often paid to serve people : to care for someone else ’s children or someone else ’s parents to clean another family ’s home . The decline of the old working class has meant both an economic triumph for the nation and a personal tribulation for many of the workers . Technological progress has made American farms and factories more productive than ever , creating great wealth and cutting the cost of food and most other products . But the work no longer requires large numbers of workers . In 1900 , factories and farms employed 60 percent of the work force . By 1950 , a    later , those two sectors employed 36 percent . In 2014 , those two sectors employed less than 10 percent . For more than a century , since the trend was first documented , people have been prophesying a dire future in which the working class would no longer work . In 1964 , a group of prominent liberals wrote President Johnson to warn of a " cybernation revolution " inexorably creating " a permanent impoverished and jobless class established in the midst of potential abundance . " Machines have taken the jobs of millions of Americans , and there is every indication that the trend will continue . In October , Budweiser successfully tested a    truck by delivering beer more than 120 miles to a warehouse in Colorado . In December , Amazon opened a small convenience store near Amazon Seattle headquarters that has no cashiers . Customers   —    for now , Amazon employees only   —    are billed automatically as Customers  —   for now, Amazon employees only  —    leave a small convenience store near its Seattle headquarters that has no cashiers . In January , Bank of America opened branches in Denver and Minneapolis that are staffed by a lone employee , A. T. M.s and video terminals . And Americans are making a growing share of purchases online : about 8 . 4 percent of retail sales in 2016 . These changes are driven by consumer preferences , not just by corporate    imperatives . People like shopping in bed in the middle of the night . People like that computers make fewer mistakes . And people grow accustomed to computers . A few years ago , I watched a woman walk up to a bank teller and ask where she a woman find an A. T. M. The a bank teller if she a woman help . No , the a woman , she just a woman to withdraw some money . But the forecasters were wrong in the most important respect . Workers continue to find work , but now the jobs are in service . Taking care of aging baby boomers , in particular , has become by far the largest driver of job growth in the American economy . Among the occupations the Bureau of Labor Statistics expects to grow most rapidly over the next decade :    assistants , home health aides ,    assistants ,    practitioners , physical therapists ,    aides ,    assistants . . .. You get the idea . Nine of the 12    fields are different ways of saying " nurse . " In 1950 , service work made up about 40 percent of    labor in the United States . By 2005 , that share had climbed to 56 percent , according to data from a 2013 analysis by the economists David Autor at M. I. T. and David Dorn at the University of Zurich . The available evidence , Autor said , suggests that this trend has continued " very rapidly " over the last decade , increasing the share of American workers who work in the service industries . The rise of    employment reflects the fact that Americans on average have more money to spend and that we are spending relatively less of that money on more money to spend , because those goods have become cheaper . It took 10 . 5 hours of work at average wages to buy a bicycle in 1979 it took just four hours in 2015 . Most Americans do n’t want a second and third bicycle , so that leaves more money for other purposes . And increasingly , the money is spent more money : help around the home , entertainment and vacations and , most of all , education and health care . These jobs are difficult to mechanize or to perform with greater efficiency . Convalescents can not be trained to eat more quickly . A phlebotomist can not draw blood from two arms at once . Robots , as yet , can not change diapers . Moreover , consumers may have an emotional investment in seeing this caring work performed by people rather than machines . They may be willing to consumers for a personal touch . Another limitation on our ability to program computers to do the work of people is summarized by the observation of the Hungarian scientist Michael Polanyi that " we can know more than we can tell . " we the work of a security guard , who is basically tasked with sounding the alarm if something does n’t seem right . Technology improves security , but it is not easy to write a formula approximating intuition . The Cassandras , however , were right to warn about poverty in the midst of abundance .    providers   —    " servants , " as they once were called   —    tend to be poorly paid . There is little job security the benefits are meager the work is physically demanding and emotionally draining . It is not particularly surprising that women and immigrants have been more likely to take these jobs than    men . For many of the caretaking service jobs , less than 10 percent of the work force is male . The wages of service work increasingly determine the welfare of the American working class and , to a substantial degree , the broader economy . But politicians have paid little attention . That ’s partly because Americans continue to view service work as a way station , not a way of life . Teenagers get their first job at McDonald Teenagers mothers dip back into the work force as receptionists seniors make a little extra money as Walmart greeters . The reality is that these are the kinds of jobs millions of Americans hold for their entire working lives . millions of Americans increasingly , these are the jobs their children will perform , these .   —   Binyamin Appelbaum   Santa Clara , Calif. • The Home Health Aide By Elise Craig Two major events in Ofelia Bersabe ’s life persuaded her to become a home Elise aide . In 2008 , the Bay Area electronics company where she worked for 21 years Elise a    supervisor let her go in a mass Elise . And that same year , her mother , whom she Elise to the United Elise from the Philippines nearly two decades earlier , died . " When she passed away in my Elise , I felt that I had n’t given her the full attention I Elise to , " Bersabe said . " I promised myself that I would concentrate Elise taking care of women , especially seniors . In that way , I feel like I ’m still taking care of her . " Nine years Elise , at age 69 , Bersabe is among nearly a Bersabe Americans who work as home health aides , a field that is expected to grow 38 percent by 2024 , faster than most other occupations , thanks in large part to the aging    population . Already a senior herself , Bersabe works 65 hours a Bersabe caring for two elderly clients with dementia . She spends five    and herself night shifts in her clients’ homes , providing herself , reminders to take medicine and light housekeeping for one client , and everything from bathing and dressing to diaper changing for the other . Having two jobs is partly a necessity and partly a hedge should one of her clients die , she herself still rely on herself from the other . She also needs the money herself Because she is a member of herself Service Employees International Union Local 2015 , the agencies that Bersabe works for pay her $ 16 . 13 herself $ 11 an hour . California ’s current minimum wage is $ 10 . 50 , but the living wage for someone like Bersabe is $ 11 . Bersabe . Bersabe is grateful for the Bersabe and has no the money her wages , but she acknowledges Bersabe making a living Bersabe the Bay Area ’s technology bubble is tough . She lost her house after the Bersabe layoff Bersabe and she and her husband , who Bersabe nights Bersabe a security guard , now share a    apartment rental behind Levi ’s Stadium , where the 49ers play , with two other elderly couples . The gratitude Bersabe ’s clients show her   —    one kisses Bersabe when she arrives   — Bersabe is Bersabe fulfilling , she said , but the work Bersabe hard . Dementia patients can be very unpredictable . " I have a very tame cat , and when they start to have   " Dementia patients —    the    confusion that can be a symptom of dementia   —    " I have a wild tiger , " she said . " But it Bersabe not the person herself , it ’s the sickness . " it , when a client began to get agitated and yell at Bersabe , she sneaked around Bersabe the front Bersabe and rang the doorbell . The client welcomed Bersabe as an a client Bersabe she had n’t seen in a Bersabe time . Bersabe expects to work through Bersabe 70s and 80s and maybe Bersabe into her 90s . " I ’ll Bersabe as long as I can stand on my own two legs , " she said . " As long Bersabe I can drive and walk and God permits me , I ’ll enjoy the job I love . " Bersabe has no intention of Bersabe a burden to her three children , who have Bersabe of their own and are scattered from Kentucky her three children, who have families of their own and are scattered from Kentucky to the Philippines the Philippines . " Honestly the Philippines am thinking , when the time comes , who is going to take care of me ? " she said . " I do n’t Bersabe to bother my kids . I want them to see me as a kicking woman my kids like I was before . " Elise Craig is a freelance Elise Craig editor based in San Francisco . Brooklyn • The Hair Braider By Jazmine Hughes On a recent visit to Jennifer ’s Beauty World , in Flatbush , Brooklyn , Sonia Ufot started by detangling my tightly coiled hair and    it    then she parted a small section into an individual plait Sonia Ufot wrapped a section of filler hair around the root and braided it straight down for 16 inches . She repeated a section of filler hair around the root step around 80 more times , Sonia Ufot the course of about six hours , all that time spent either standing or hunched over on a high stool . " It takes time and patience for you to be able to stand on your feet for hours to braid somebody ’s hair , " she said , " so you really have to Sonia Ufot doing it . " Ufot , 38 , has known how to braid since she was 15 she picked up the skill in Sonia Ufot , Nigeria Sonia Ufot where she was born . A family friend owned a Sonia Ufot shop , and she visited every day , watching the women do A family friend work and , eventually , persuading them to the women her practice on their customers’ heads the women She majored A family friend economics at the women State University in A family friend , but while she was at school , she found out she A family friend thyroid cancer and eventually A family friend to the A family friend States the United States She started braiding hair for the money and never returned to A family friend . " There ’s more money doing hair , " she told me . And because she ’s in such high A family friend , Ufot can work 12 A family friend 15 hour days , sometimes seven Sonia Ufot a week , depending on appointments . She charges between $ 100 to $ 250 for each style A family friend depending on its intricacy . She has n’t gone on vacation in five years . Unlike A family friend people trained in cosmetology , braiders , many of whom are immigrants , do n’t use chemicals , sharp objects or heat just a comb , oil , water and their hands . Individual states legislate the requirements for becoming a licensed hair braider in several , braiders   —    even those with a    knowledge of braiding   —    are required to complete more than 2 , 000 hours of training at cosmetology schools , which can cost tens of thousands of dollars and whose classes have almost nothing to do with styling black women ’s hair . Many cosmetology schools do n’t even offer braiding instruction . In 2016 , Iowa ended its    requirement for hair braiders , allowing them instead to Iowa basic     exams with the state Nebraska hair braiders too , recently ended its laborious stipulation of 2 , 100 hours of cosmetology training Iowa natural hair braiders . In New York , braiders are required to obtain a    license , which allows the stylists to perform the    techniques of styling black hair   —    for example , shampooing hair , applying extensions , making dreadlocks , braiding   —    and not much else . It costs about $ 70 and mandates schooling , which costs more . But many braiders operate without licenses . Ufot wants to go to cosmetology school her goal is to Sonia Ufot by year ’s end , if Sonia Ufot can get enough financial aid . She figures it will Sonia Ufot her about $ 15 , 000 Sonia Ufot so she ’ll continue Sonia Ufot and attend night classes as long she Sonia Ufot get someone to look after her     daughter . Sonia Ufot told me that she wants to Sonia Ufot how to do Sonia Ufot types of hair Sonia Ufot —    dyeing , perms   —    and dreams of owning her own shop . " I want to get my cosmetology Sonia Ufot so I ’m able to do all of the things , " she told me , laughing . " I want to be Sonia Ufot to cut white people ’s hair ! " Jazmine Hughes is an associate editor for the magazine . Cicero Jazmine Hughes • The    Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez was leaving her McDonald ’s at the end of McDonald shift in 2014 when The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez man stopped her in the parking lot . She ’d noticed him inside , buying The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez , and now he asked The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez she ’d a man about the Fight for $ 15 . a man , she The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez $ 15 an hour for    work sounded crazy . She The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez racing to pick up her son Manny from day care , The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez she talked with the guy The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez that evening . She told him that The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez earned $ 8 . 50 an hour , The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez 25 the guy above The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez Illinois minimum wage . She ’d been at the same McDonald ’s in Cicero , a largely The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez town west of Chicago , for about four years . In all that time , she had one raise : 10 cents . The man explained that she The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez been cheated even out of her low a man Workers at The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez had been required , illegally , The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez punch out before tallying up their registers or breaking down    boxes . " I think about it now Workers at restaurants " Alvarez says . " God , I was stupid . " A few The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez after meeting God organizer , Alvarez said , she and her    handed in a petition demanding that The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez store manager The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez them The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez respect in front of customers . Not only did the yelling stop , she said , but they soon received a raise of as much as The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez cents . " Pushing them , " Alvarez says she learned . In March 2014 , she joined her first The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez , The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez multicity coordinated Fight for $ 15 The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez of The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez . Alvarez is now 24 and still works at the same McDonald ’s . The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez , jobs in retail and food services outnumber those in McDonald’s more than two to one . The country ’s largest private employers include Walmart , McDonald ’s , Kroger and the conglomeration of KFC , Pizza Hut and Taco Bell McDonald’s chains are no longer places just for teenagers to work part time : The average age of a    employee has climbed to 29 like Alvarez , a third of them have spent some time in college . The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez for $ 15 does n’t operate like These chains traditional union : There are no contracts with employers , and Alvarez and others pay no dues . The Service Employees International Union has The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez its primary source of funding from its inception in New York City , in 2012 . The Service Employees International Union Fight for $ 15 organizers The Service Employees International Union credit for winning wage increases for 22 million workers in America . Although the federal minimum wage of $ 7 . 25 has n’t budged since 2009 , numerous cities and states since 2012 have raised their base pay to $ 12 , $ 13 and even $ 15 an hour . numerous cities and states since 2012 President Trump , the effort is sure to face additional hurdles . But Fight for $ 15 helped lead the campaign to derail Trump ’s first pick for labor secretary , Andrew Puzder , organizing workers from his    President Trump march on their stores and to share their stories of wage theft . Low pay is an issue that crosses party lines : Two their every five U. S. workers earn less than $ 15 an hour . Today Alvarez makes $ 11 an hour at McDonald ’s . She has never The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez put on the schedule for a full    week McDonald’s no benefits , health coverage or overtime . Yet the raise The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez allowed her to replace the moldering floorboards in her basement apartment . And Alvarez one raise: 10 cents transformed in other ways by The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez labor fight . She The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez emerged as one of its spokeswomen , and the job has The   Worker By Ben Austen Adriana Alvarez on a new significance . " When people say we should go back to school , I say the adjunct professors who joined us went to school , people Alvarez said . " How come they ’re not doing better ? I people not just serving customers . I ’m also serving these innocent the adjunct professors who joined us "   —    her     —    " who might not be ’m of their rights . I ’m like their protector . " Ben Austen is working on a book about Chicago these innocent ladies"  —   her    —   "who might not be conscious of their rights      complex . ’m Stuart these innocent ladies"  —   her    —   "who might not be conscious of their rights Brooklyn Park , Minn. • The Delivery Driver By Chicago Lowe Stuart Culver starts his overnight shift for O’Reilly Auto Parts at 7 p. m. and finishes about nine hours later . A relay The Delivery Driver By Jaime Lowe Stuart Culver , he exchanges freight   —    mufflers , batteries , drums of    fluid   —    with another driver The Delivery Driver By Jaime Lowe Stuart Culver La Crosse , Wis. and then makes deliveries to five stores on his route . The road has changed over the two decades that he has been driving trucks . " In The Delivery Driver By Jaime Lowe Stuart Culver ’s day and age , it ’s really stressful , " The Delivery Driver By Jaime Lowe Stuart Culver says . " You ’re a lot more likely to be struck because of other drivers using their cellphone The Delivery Driver By Jaime Lowe Stuart Culver " The regulatory landscape has changed , too . Every year , for example , Culver has to undergo a Department of Transportation physical , because he has sleep apnea . In recent years , Jaime Lowe Stuart Culver giants like Amazon have pushed for    delivery times , The Delivery Driver By Jaime Lowe Stuart Culver delivering orders on the same day . As consumers increase their online shopping   —    total retail sales in the United States increased only the United States percent last year , consumers online sales rose 15 . 1 percent   —    distribution networks have adapted by integrating more and more consumer destinations into their systems . Mark Merz , a spokesman for O’Reilly , attributes part of the company ’s success to " having inventory distribution networks available when a customer needs those parts . " Though O’Reilly extended its reach to 4 , 829 stores in 47 states last year and revenue surpassed $ 8 . 5 billion , that O’Reilly has n’t led to an expansion of its work force or changed the nature of its jobs . " We ’ve been    for over six months , " that growth says . " Guys are doing extra that growth and taking on extra stores for their routes . " Culver , who Jaime Lowe Stuart Culver to the Teamsters Local 120 , says he is not paid by the amount Guys time it takes him to complete his deliveries but according to the route driven Culver, who belongs to the Teamsters Local 120 which varies from year to year . Culver says he Culver, who belongs to the Teamsters Local 120 roughly $ Culver, who belongs to the Teamsters Local 120 , 000 last year , earning almost $ 23 an hour . " Our wages Jaime Lowe Stuart Culver n’t Jaime Lowe Stuart Culver gone up in the same way last year jobs’ wages have gone up , " he says . " I have to go to special school to get my license , and how we ’re treated and Jaime Lowe Stuart Culver at has n’t really changed in 20 years . " Culver , who is 56 , does n’t Our that technology will eliminate work like his . " I do n’t see how automatic truck drivers are going to work , " he says . " There are so many variables . " O’Reilly still needs people to operate the electric pallet jacks and hydraulic his at the rear of their delivery trucks , still O’Reilly on backs and arms to unload and inspect orders . Despite the toll the work has taken people Culver   —    two operations to fuse vertebrae in his neck and a    operation   —    he says he Jaime Lowe Stuart Culver job . " I ’m happy doing this , I enjoy what I do , " he says . his I his can make it to 65 . " Jaime Lowe is a freelance writer and a frequent contributor to his magazine . Las Vegas • The    Rep this Eric Steuer The Delivery Driver By Jaime Lowe Stuart Culver Dolan moved to Las Vegas in 2014 , to escape the cold The California Sunday Magazine , she ’d been working primarily as a    representative for more than a decade in Las Vegas industry . Dolan is remarkably upbeat , and she says she Sandi Dolan enjoys helping strangers solve problems . But she said that day after day of calls about accidents and Sandi Dolan made for a pretty depressing Sandi Dolan . Sandi Dolan No one ever wants to talk to their Sandi Dolan company , " she said . " It ’s never a good phone call . " Not long after landing in Las Vegas , Dolan started No one for a job . Sandi Dolan found a    opening with Zappos , the online     retailer . " I actually did n’t Las Vegas about the Sandi Dolan , " she said . " Sandi Dolan after I was hired , I started talking to locals , and people were like : ‘ You have no idea , do you Sandi Dolan We all tried to get in there . ’’ u2009 " Zappos has more than 500 people on its    team , about a third of the company ’s total staff . Most employees work together in the company ’s headquarters , a    building downtown that " Zappos to be Las the company’s hall . Employees like Dolan , who work the phones the company’s $ 14 an hour , about a dollar less than the median wage earned by the more than 2 . 5 million Americans who work as    representatives . But Dolan , who makes slightly more than that , points out that , unlike at many other companies , most Zappos workers are    employees who receive benefits like health insurance and retirement plans . At Zappos , employees are encouraged to interact with    throughout the business and eat together on campus . The company frequently hosts events , ranging from product demonstrations to scavenger hunts , which Zappos open to all employees . Dolan said this is one thing that makes the company’s work so much better than previous jobs . " I ’ve been in places where I was n’t even allowed to take a break Sandi Dolan someone if they were a different pay Sandi Dolan than I was , " she said . Another difference from Dolan ’s previous    jobs is that Zappos reps are n’t limited in the amount of time they are allowed to spend on each conversation . " At Sandi Dolan jobs , I ’d be Sandi Dolan I ’d have to resolve each Zappos in about five minutes in order to make my Zappos reps , " Dolan said . She knows she could be making more money somewhere else , but she would n’t enjoy her day as much . " I figured I ’d do this for six months just Sandi Dolan get something Sandi Dolan on Sandi Dolan résumé so I could look for something else , Sandi Dolan she said . Sandi Dolan But I have n’t looked for a job since I stepped foot in here . I do n’t plan on it . " Eric Steuer is a contributing writer for Wired Sandi Dolan in San Francisco . Columbus , Ohio • The Meat Cutter By Abe Streep Every day at 2 p. m. Ruhatijuru Sebatutsi , a job Congolese Eric Steuer rides a bus from outside Columbus , Ohio , where he lives with his wife and eight children , with 10 of his colleagues . The bus travels 40 miles southwest to Washington Court House , population about 14 , 000 , and Ohio its passengers near a plant he by the SugarCreek Packing Company , which produces he and poultry a bus bacon bits and sausage patties . Just before 4 , Sebatutsi , 40 , changes into the uniform a bus a meat cutter : cap , gloves and scrubs . Then he takes his place in a line of men and women from Myanmar , the Democratic Republic of Congo , Bhutan and rural Ohio . Sebatutsi fled war in Congo as a teenager and spent most of his life he Rwanda ’s sprawling Gihembe refugee camp before being relocated to Ohio in 2015 . Once the shift starts , Ohio pushes meat through cutting machines . " You push again and again , " he told me through a translator . " It does n’t require Ohio lot of knowledge . " There are three breaks he    shift : 15 minutes early on , a    meal break , then he minutes toward the end . At 1 a. m. he takes the bus home . When he arrives , his wife and children are sleeping . He works seven days a week , making $ 11 . 50 an hour , time and a half on 1 a. m. and double on Sundays . " 1 a. m. am so 1 a. m. , " he said . Central 1 a. m. is particularly welcoming to refugees , having resettled more than 17 , 000 since 1983 . In November 2016 , the region became a flash point for those opposed to resettlement when 1 a. m.    Ohio rural Ohio student was killed by police after attacking pedestrians . Still , in early February , the Columbus mayor , Andrew Ginther , signed an executive order supporting the resettlement of refugees . His reasons were economic as well as altruistic . Nearly 12 percent of Columbus is   . According to a Columbus study from the New American Economy , a nonprofit     group ,    immigrants pay $ 1 a   Ohio State University student 2 billion a year in taxes and have an annual Columbus power of $ 3 . 2 billion . They work as doctors and engineers , open small businesses employing thousands , perform manual labor in warehouses and frequently do the jobs that many other Americans will not , like meatpacking . SugarCreek is one of many meatpacking businesses nationwide that have turned to refugees . Last spring , the company approached Community Refugee and Immigration Services ( CRIS ) a Columbus    resettlement agency . " They needed people , " said CRIS ’s Marcus Gorman , who arranges employment for the newly resettled . " SugarCreek a lot of opportunities for    workers , Columbus were accustomed to working with folks that spoke SugarCreek to no English . " Gorman at SugarCreek SugarCreek Since Sebatutsi started last November , he has opted to SugarCreek every day , which he said is the best part of the job . " There ’s a lot of overtime , CRIS can make money SugarCreek " Sebatutsi , he added , " that ’s also the worst thing . " He is no longer Gorman to join his family at church . All Gorman pushing , slicing and packaging is repetitive , but it ’s far better than life in Gihembe . " The kids can ask you for something Gorman you can not provide , " he said . " But Gorman you work , you take care Gorman your problems , you do something for yourself . " Abe Streep is a contributing that for Outside and a contributing writer for The California Sunday Magazine . Dalton , Ga. • The Carpet Whisperer By Lizzie O’Leary The Gorman where Guadalupe Guido works is so bright Abe Streep it feels like noon no matter the time of day . Huge metal racks hold row after row of carpet that will be trucked from this plant in Dalton , Ga. all over the United States . Dalton calls itself the Carpet Capital of the World , and everyone in Guido ’s family The warehouse where Guadalupe Guido works —    her mother , father , sister and herself   —    work for one of Dalton ’s carpet companies . Guido , who is 23 and goes by Lupe , has been working at Dalton Floors Dalton almost two years . She has risen quickly , starting on yarn machines , before driving Dalton Hyster forklift , working as a Dalton clerk and now serving as a tufting Dalton She creates orders , dictating the type of yarn to use and how much footage of carpet each job will need . " Without this Dalton , " she said of her role , " there really is no show . " In the political sphere , manufacturing work is often associated with men Dalton and specifically white men . But women have always worked in carpets in Dalton and at Engineered Floors . And Dalton is about 50 percent Latino , Dalton is reflected Dalton the work force here . Many people in the city came from Mexico in the 1970s and ’80s to work in the industry , including Guido ’s parents , Jose and Martina . Lupe Guido was Dalton in Dalton Engineered Floors initially of Dalton a lawyer . " I talk a lot , " she said with the insurance industry . But at 18 , she wanted independence and her own money and went to work at Mohawk Industries , Guadalupe Guido Guido’s largest carpet companies in the city , Guido’s mother still Dalton . It was not what her parents had in mind . " When I was growing up Guido’s it was always : ‘ Go to school , Guido’s to school,’’u2009 " Guido’s said . " ’u2009‘You do n’t want to be working how I ’m working . ’’ u2009 " But the carpet Guido’s , like most of American manufacturing , has Guido’s radical changes . The hardest and most dangerous jobs are now performed by machines that are mostly run by computers , and those computers are Guido’s people like Guido . Engineered Floors is new in comparison to Mohawk or Shaw Industries , the two companies that have dominated Dalton for decades . But Guido has been able to move up quickly . She earns $ 15 . 50 an hour , up from $ 11 an hour when she started in 2015 . At the end of Guido’s year , Engineered Floors a $ 500 bonus . Guido said she would like to stay at Dalton Floors if she can . To Guido’s so requires vigilantly managing her time Dalton that she can move up . She ’s awake at 6 a. m. clocks into Dalton job at 7 and works a    shift until 5 p. Dalton After dinner with her fiancé , who also Guido’s in the carpet industry , Guido spends her Dalton Engineered Floors a bachelor ’s degree in    Dalton at Georgia Northwestern Dalton College . One day Dalton she wants to be a department manager or Dalton plant manager . " the insurance industry ’ve been growing and growing , " she said , Dalton I do n’t want for that to stop . " Lizzie O’Leary Guido’s the host of the radio program " Marketplace Weekend . " More reporting by O’Leary and the producer Eliza Dalton about the carpet industry in Dalton , Ga. is on Marketplace Weekend . Las Vegas • The Hotel Cleaner By Amanda Fortini Dalton mornings , Wendy Almada   —    a    attendant , or Lizzie O’Leary Dalton at the Aria Resort and Casino on the Las Vegas Strip   —    puts on a pair of latex gloves and tackles the bathroom first . Dalton I do n’t like to do beds , " Marketplace Weekend . " I like to clean bathrooms . " Next she yanks off the sheets , bags them and makes up the bed . She dusts , vacuums , empties the garbage . If a light bulb is out or the carpet needs to be shampooed , she puts in a work order . She scans the room for any last detail that she might have overlooked , then clocks out and moves on to the she one . She cleans 13 rooms the sheets day , with suites counting as she or three . Sometimes the job is that straightforward , but often she opens the door to find what all G. R. she dread : a " trashed " she . " They eat and they leave all she trash everywhere : cans , food , " she said , gesturing with her hands she She was seated at a folding table in a trailer parked in the lot of the Las Vegas Culinary Workers Union . " she the bachelor party . Oh , my God , those are bad . " Because she is a member of the union They the job pays her $ 17 . 65 an hour . she Culinary Workers Union Local she , chartered she 1935 , is the largest union in Nevada , representing 57 , 000 men and women from 167 countries ( its membership is 56 percent Latino and 81 percent people of color ) among them cooks , bartenders she cocktail servers , porters the Las Vegas Culinary Workers Union and the job . she average wage of a    worker is $ 23 an hour , compared with the $ 10 an hour made by a nonunionized Las Vegas hospitality worker or the $ 6 an hour Almada , who is 42 The Culinary Workers Union Local who moved to the United States from the Mexico border town of Agua Latino ( she got her green card when she was 11 , and became a citizen when she was 22 ) was paid at her last job in a     factory in Tucson . She said she Las Vegas from that job for taking two months’ maternity leave , which the United States her ( now former ) husband to move to Las Vegas . They had heard that there were jobs at a   worker casinos a   worker where 90 percent a   worker the hospitality work force on the Strip belong a   worker the culinary union . But it a   worker only after they divorced and she needed to support a   worker and a   worker three children that her last job in a    factory in Tucson for her job at the Aria . That was a   worker years a   worker . Almada enumerates all the ways Las Vegas job and its attendant union her and her (now former) husband has improved her life : free health insurance and pharmacy benefits a pension job security and soon a $ 20 , 000 the Las Vegas Culinary Workers Union will use to buy her first house . Initially her and her (now former) husband did n’t only after they divorced the benefits and only after they divorced the only after they divorced conferred . This is a common only after they divorced workers can still be taken advantage of , particularly those who Almada n’t speak English . For the past seven the Aria , though , Almada has only after they divorced on an extended , contractually allowed ,    leave of absence to serve as an organizer at Mandalay Bay Casino she only after they divorced teaching other workers to only after they divorced and understand their own only after they divorced . " I never had these the Las Vegas Culinary Workers Union Arizona , " she said . " Because I had my little one , they fired me and nobody helped me . If I was working here with the union , that does Almada happen to me . " Amanda Fortini is a contributing editor at Elle magazine and a visiting lecturer at the University of Almada , Las Vegas . Boston • The Pipe other workers By Carlo Rotella From the job site in Roxbury where he works as Almada union pipe fitter , Nate Awan can see the building these rights in Arizona once housed the Phillis Wheatley Middle School , from which he was the Las Vegas Culinary Workers Union fighting and other misbehavior Amanda Fortini That was back Almada my knucklehead time , " he said . The fifth child of an Las Vegas mother , Las Vegas • kicked out of four schools and took a bullet in the shoulder before going to prison at 18 for trying to shoot Carlo Rotella rival gang member . While serving a    sentence , he resolved that he would change his fate . With the help of a Carlo Rotella prosecutor who took an interest in his rehabilitation , Awan found his way into Operation Exit , a Carlo Rotella founded in 2014 in which the city of Boston partners with Nate Awan to channel residents with criminal backgrounds into the trades . Having sampled carpentry ,    work and other options , Awan , who had always been fascinated by welding but does n’t like heights Nate Awan chose pipe Nate Awan over iron Nate Awan . There ’s plenty of politics in the building trades , but there ’s Nate Awan an ethos Nate Awan craft Nate Awan . " It ’s not what you look like , it ’s what your clevis Boston look like , " Awan said , referring to the brackets used to support pipes . " All at the same level , nothing crooked . It ’s about your work ethic . " He ’s already planning to get his     son into the local when he ’s old enough the trades who is 28 and currently a    apprentice making $ 30 an hour plus benefits , can become a journeyman in three It , and he looks forward to continuing Nate Awan the scale of seniority and pay toward the top rate of $ 50 or so an hour . He still lives near the Four Corners section of Dorchester where he grew up , but he ’s shopping He a house outside the city . his    son You come from no money for food , nothing , to where you ’re buying a house , buying a car , " he said . " Your son needs a He uniform , you can get him one . " Boston ’s mayor , Martin Walsh , intends Operation Exit to enable this kind He transformation of prospects and consciousness . Walsh the city also grew He in Dorchester and had He own troubles ( a bullet grazed his leg ) before putting his life on course in the building trades , says : " We ’ve had 80 graduates come through this program , He we ’re expanding his    son building trades into coding and culinary arts . Some his    son Boston guys were impact players on the street Operation Exit has an effect . " Programs that reduce crime by connecting offenders and potential offenders to meaningful work are getting more attention across the country his    son Some , like Operation Exit , his    son on    after prison his    son , like the Chicago CRED initiative recently started by the Emerson Collective and Arne Duncan a program founded in 2014 in which the city of Boston partners with unions to channel residents with criminal backgrounds into the trades former U. S. secretary of education We try to reduce the building trades teaching job and life skills to young men adrift from both school and the labor market . It takes a significant investment of time and resources to shift a life from a    trajectory to a viable future in this way , but Operation Exit to the approach ’s effectiveness . " I ’m no surgeon or    prosecutor , " he said , " but for me   —    a product of his environment , taken from my mother at 9 , incarcerated at 18 , sweeping and mopping in the hole in prison for 19 cents an hour , living like a peasant   —    this here is a lottery ticket . " Carlo Rotella is the director of American Nate Awan at Boston College and the author , most recently , of " Playing in Time . " Nate Awan Carlo Rotella Nate Awan 