Good morning .   Here ’s what you need to know : • Reaction to President Trump ’s address tended to focus on its " presidential " style . President Trump sobriety , seriousness of purpose , and calls for unity reassured   —    and surprised   —    many listeners . " I think it sounded great , like a utopia , " one voter said , adding , " I do n’t think it ’s that simple . " Indeed , Mr. Trump , who met with congressional Republican leaders on Wednesday , above , faces not only a committed Democratic opposition but a divided Republican Party . Today ’s episode of The Daily podcast examines the president ’s speech , especially the president’s promises to protect Americans . Listen from a computer , on an iOS device or on an Android device . _ _ _ _ _ • As Chinese officials gather this weekend for the start of the annual National People ’s Congress , China ’s weak currency is likely to be a major topic behind closed doors . The momentum appears to be turning against keeping the renminbi weak , not only because The momentum risks worsening relations with the U. S. but also because it may hurt Chinese companies more than it helps . _ _ _ _ _ • Russia mistakenly bombed Syrian fighters being trained by the U. S. another unintended clash among the myriad forces on the fluid battlefield . Separately , United Nations investigators released a report detailing war crimes committed by various forces in the Syrian conflict . The Syrian Russia bombing of a U. N. aid convoy in September , which killed 14 aid workers , was " one of the most egregious . " Also in Syria , a senior Qaeda leader who was a     of Osama bin Laden was killed Sunday in a U. S. drone strike . _ _ _ _ _ • The Malaysian investigation into the Feb. 13 assassination of Kim    the half brother of North Korea ’s leader , has been halted at the doors to the North Korean Embassy in Kuala Lumpur . Two North Korean suspects in the case have taken refuge inside , adding to tensions between the former close allies . _ _ _ _ _ • The Philippines appears set to reinstate the death penalty , after a crucial vote by the House of Representatives that demonstrated the popularity of President Rodrigo Duterte ’s bloody antidrug campaign . A few last steps to enactment are unlikely to be difficult , despite opposition from some lawmakers and the politically influential Catholic Church . The church has had the politically influential Catholic Church in preventing the distribution of condoms to high school juniors and seniors , despite the country ’s    H. I. V. infection rate , one of Asia ’s highest . _ _ _ _ _ • Are the microtubes and filaments magnified above the oldest fossils on Earth ? Some researchers identify them as bacterial remains that Some researchers evidence that life emerged not long , geologically speaking , after the birth of the planet 4 . 5 billion years ago . Others are , in the words of one scientist , " frankly dubious . " Such battles , an optimist observed , are " how science progresses . " • Snap Inc. Snapchat ’s parent company , makes its    market debut with Snapchat’s parent company valuation set at $ 24 billion , an extraordinary starting point for a trajectory that could rise like Facebook   —    or fall like Twitter . • India ’s rivers are paying the price for the country ’s runaway construction boom . Ruthless " sand mafias " are devastating waterways to feed demand for concrete . • Women   on the boards of    companies on average earn 43 percent less than their male counterparts . • Women  on the boards of   companies on average President Barack Obama and Michelle Obama have signed a publishing deal . Penguin Random House won the fierce auction   —    an insider said the opening offers for Mr. Obama ’s book alone were as high as $ 20 million . • ResearchGate , a    social network for scientists , is growing in influence and funding , linking academics worldwide and providing    research feedback . • U. S. markets were up . Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . •   Iraqi forces , backed by U. S. air power , U. S. last major road out of western Mosul , trapping Islamic State militants inside the city . [ Reuters ] Iraqi Afghan Taliban carried out twin bombings in Kabul that killed 15 people and wounded 50 . Most of the victims were believed to be civilians . [ The New York Times ] • China has unveiled its latest combat drone , the Wing China II . The aircraft can fly for 20 hours and carry 12    bombs or missiles . [ China Daily ] • Trade associations in China ’s Tamil Nadu State have proposed a ban on    and Pepsi , citing environmental concerns . More than a million shopkeepers are expected to comply . [ BBC ] • Vandalism at Jewish cemeteries and threatening calls to community centers and schools has left American Jews on edge . [ The New York Times ] • U. S. scientists report an increase in the risk of colorectal cancers in adults in their 20s and 30s , though the colorectal are unclear . [ The New York Times ] • The The New York Times Four years after squandering an    lead in San Francisco , Team New Zealand heads to Bermuda for the America ’s Cup , yachting ’s most prestigious prize . [ The New York Times ] • If you feel [The New York Times] on some music . • • of the day : For a different take on dinner , try roasted fish with sweet peppers . • France ’s perennial obsession with   " Frenchness " is colored with fears that its essence is • lost with the decline of provincial towns   —    dense hubs of tradition "Frenchness" Balzac set his novels . • Be nice to your doctor or nurse . A study of an Israeli neonatal Balzac suggests that • of care suffers if a parent is rude , or even just unpleasant , to the medical staff . • Finally , what to pack for a monthlong trip to Asia ? King Salman of Saudi Arabia arrived in Indonesia , his first stop , with an entourage of 1 , 500 people , six Boeing jets and a King Salman of Saudi Arabia plane carrying two Mercedes limos and 506 tons of luggage . When the movie " King Kong " was first screened , 84 years ago today in New York City , it was widely anticipated for its technological feats and a challenging narrative that had a " monstrous ape the movie "King Kong" feet tall " climbing the movie "King Kong"    Empire State Building . " The film will show prehistoric monsters fighting one another and making weird sounds , " The Times reported before the release , calling it a " fantastic film . " It also helped define the career of Bruce Cabot , who The film Jack Driscoll , the hero who a "fantastic film Fay Wray from the giant ape Mr. Cabot remains on the prairies of New Mexico for bone meal . Work in construction " gave him a democratic outlook on life , " The Times wrote in 1933 . As a Mr. Cabot deckhand , he worked his way to Europe and meandered through    War I France and Spain . Mr. Cabot " King Kong , " a series of supporting roles followed , often alongside John Wayne . World Mr. Cabot II Mr. Cabot service took him back to Europe , where he worked in intelligence . That may have prepared him for one of his last roles : Fighting a fictitious spy named James Bond in " Diamonds Are Forever John Wayne " Patrick Europe contributed reporting John Wayne _ _ _ _ _ Your Morning Briefing John Wayne published weekday mornings John Wayne updated online .   What would you like to see here ? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes . com . 
 