The New York Post reports on Hillary Clinton ’s elaborate victory celebration plans for an " Election Night explosion of fireworks over the Hudson River . " However , The New York Post notes that Clinton Hillary Clinton victory lap plans could " blow up in her Hillary Clinton " now that her Hillary Clinton in the polls has vanished after the FBI announced last Friday that it the FBI reopening the criminal investigation into her Hillary Clinton of classified emails . Donald Trump now leads Clinton Hillary Clinton the latest ABC    Post and Los Angeles Times tracking polls . [ From the New York Post :   Hillary Hillary Clinton have lit the fuse for her victory Hillary Clinton a little too soon   —    by planning an Election Night explosion of fireworks over the Hudson River , The Post the New York Post . Law enforcement officials and the FDNY have been told to prepare for a    pyrotechnic display off Manhattan ’s Javits Center , where Clinton and Hillary Clinton mate Tim Kaine will join their supporters for Clinton and running mate Tim Kaine Nov. 8 vote count , sources said . The aerial detonations would last for two minutes , with the triumphal celebration permitted to start as early as 9:30 p. m.   —    a mere    after the polls close in New York , sources said .    …      Cops and firefighters were blown away by Clinton ’s hubris in planning the fireworks display , which would eclipse the shower of blazing sparkles that preceded the balloon drop at July ’s Democratic National Convention . " It ’s a little presumptuous of her to plan Clinton winning . I guess she put in Clinton this before Friday , " one NYPD detective said . Others said the actual election results could put a damper on things , but one firefighter raised the specter of a    recount and added , " So what ’s she going to Clinton , put the fireworks on ice ? " Another source wondered : " If she loses , Clinton she take it Clinton to she loses East Side and sell it to Trump she loses   ? " A retired firefighter said the FDNY’ s " rank and file is outraged they are being the FDNY’ s "rank and file to do political work . " " This will make it seem like the firefighters endorsed Hillary , " the source said . Read the rest here . 
 