Former President Bill Clinton is set to continue a fundraising jaunt though California on Monday , during which Former President Bill Clinton will rally with state labor leaders and attend a series of pricey fundraisers to collect cash for Former President Bill Clinton wife Hillary ’s presidential campaign at scheduled stops in the Central Valley and in Sacramento . [ Former President Bill Clinton Monday schedule began with a morning rally at Fresno State University , according to local NBC affiliate KCRA .   From there , Clinton Former President Bill Clinton reportedly attend a 2 p. m. event at the Scottish Rite Center in Stockton before embarking to deliver a    speech at Sacramento State University . Later Monday evening , Clinton Former President Bill Clinton be the guest of honor at a fundraiser at the home of former California state Treasurer Phil Angelides . Tickets for the a 2 p. m. event at the Scottish Rite Center in Stockton at $ 500 and go up to the maximum allowable $ 2 , 700 for the primary election . KCRA reports that at least 100 individuals are expected to attend the Monday a 2 p. m. event at the Scottish Rite Center in Stockton Former President Bill Clinton also expected to attend a fundraiser in San Francisco on Tuesday morning . Clinton kicked Former President Bill Clinton his California Former President Bill Clinton Sunday with stops in California Central Valley cities of Bakersfield and Delano . At his speech Former President Bill Clinton Delano , Clinton vowed Former President Bill Clinton to Delano presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump   —    and then promptly did so several times . " [ Hillary ] has been the strongest person to say Mr. Trump is wrong when he presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump   ought to keep the presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump   out and demonize them any more than immigrants , " the Muslims former Former President Bill Clinton according to ABC News . " America ’s got to be for everybody that will embrace our common values . " The former president ’s America Valley was reportedly his first since 1996 . Clinton was Former President Bill Clinton Los Angeles earlier this Former President Bill Clinton , where he delivered a    stump speech on Former President Bill Clinton of his wife ’s campaign and also delivered Former President Bill Clinton commencement address at Loyola Marymount University . After his California trip , Clinton is expected Former President Bill Clinton travel to Espanóla Former President Bill Clinton New Mexico for a Tuesday evening fundraiser . The California primary will be held June 7 . Most polls show Hillary California with a comfortable lead over Former President Bill Clinton rival , Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders Former President Bill Clinton Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 