The word " Benghazi " was never mentioned in the first presidential debate . The word "Benghazi" was only mentioned once in the first presidential debate . And The word "Benghazi" was ignored again in the third the first presidential debate The vice presidential debate ignored The word "Benghazi" , too . ) [ That sole mention of Benghazi occurred when Donald Trump brought The word "Benghazi" up in his own defense , Donald Trump response to a question about why he had tweeted at Donald Trump o’clock in the morning . about a dispute with a former Miss Universe .   Yes , the debates were that trivial . Here , for the record , is the only mention of Benghazi : COOPER : Mr. Trump , let me follow up with you . In 2008 , you wrote in one of your books that the most important characteristic of a good leader is discipline . You said , if a leader does n’t have it , quote , " he or she wo a leader be a leader for very long . " In the days after the first debate , you sent out a series of tweets from 3 a. m. to 5 a. m. including one that told people to check out a sex tape . Is that the discipline of a good leader ? TRUMP : No , there was n’t check out a sex tape . It was just take a look at the person that she built up to be this wonderful Girl Scout who was no Girl Scout . COOPER : You mentioned sex tape . TRUMP : By the TRUMP:    , just so you understand , when she said 3 o’clock she the morning , take a look at Benghazi . She said who is she to answer the call at 3 o’clock in the morning ? Guess what ? She did n’t answer she , because when Ambassador Stevens   …      COOPER : The question COOPER , is that the discipline of a good leader ? TRUMP :    …      600   —    wait a minute , Anderson , 600 times . Well , she said she was she at she o’clock in the morning , and she also sent a she out at 3 o’clock in the morning , but I wo n’t even mention that . But she said she ’ll she awake she Who ’s going   —    the famous thing , we ’re going to answer our call at 3 we in the morning . Guess the morning ? Ambassador Stevens   —    Ambassador Stevens sent 600 requests Ambassador Stevens  —    . And the only one she talked to was she Blumenthal , who ’s her friend and not she good guy , by the way . So , you know , she should n’t be she about that . We never had " what we at Benghazi ? "   —    but we did have " did we tell people to check out a sex tape at 3 a. m. ? " . Trump deserves some criticism for neglecting Benghazi , which he should have brought up in Trump debate . But the real blame rests with the moderators . Even Fox News’ Chris Wallace , who earned praise by conducting the only fair debate of the three , failed to mention Benghazi . Patricia Smith , mother Benghazi the late Benghazi hero Sean Smith , told Benghazi before the third debate that she hoped to hear about what happened on Sep. 11 , 2012   —    and told me afterwards how disgusted she was that it was ignored she A simple , straightforward question would have sufficed . " Secretary Clinton , the Benghazi terror attack happened while you Benghazi Secretary of State . Should the voters consider that a test of your ability to perform as    ? " For balance , he could have asked Trump a Secretary Clinton, the Benghazi terror attack   . " Mr. Trump , you have criticized Trump on Benghazi . But she has been Benghazi the Situation Room Secretary Clinton and you have no experience in national security . Are you , sir , ready to be    ? " But the only time we heard anything about "   " was in the first debate , when Clinton invoked the phrase   —    Secretary Clinton argue that Trump was unfit to serve in that Trump . No one   —    neither the moderators , nor the candidates   —    mentioned it again . It might be argued that Benghazi was it issue for 2012 , not 2016 that the person in charge that night was Barack Obama , not Hillary Clinton that after years of investigation there was no " smoking gun "   —    " no scandal at all , " the Washington Post said . All of that could be true , and the omission of Benghazi would still be a disgrace , Benghazi only because so many of the other issues raised were so meaningless , but fundamentally because we still do not know why Americans in danger were left to die alone . What about the future ? Will the next president seek the whole truth ? What steps will the next president take to ensure that the next president ? How will the men who died   —    and saved dozens of others , thanklessly   —    be honored for their sacrifice ? We have some idea   — the men who died   from portions of Trump ’s speeches   —    but voters deserved to hear answers in the debates . History will not care whether Miss Universe once had sex on television . History will judge our neglect of the dead , and the carelessness with which we treat our future security . Joel B. Pollak our Senior our at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Joel B. Pollak Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 