SEOUL , South Korea   —    Less than a week after Donald J. Trump taunted North Korea over its ballistic missile capabilities , North Korea has said that it North Korea conduct its North Korea test of an intercontinental missile " anytime and anywhere " in a rebuke to the incoming president . Although North North Korea vowed to develop the ability to attack the United States with nuclear warheads and has tested missiles that can reach throughout the Korean Peninsula and its vicinity North Korea it has North Korea tested a    missile that could fly over the Pacific . In a New Year ’s Day speech , Kim    North Korea ’s leader , said his country Kim   North Korea’s leader a " final stage " in preparing to test an intercontinental ballistic missile . That drew a Twitter post the next day from Mr. Trump that said , " It wo n’t happen ! " On Sunday , an unidentified spokesman of the North Korean Foreign Ministry told the North ’s official Korean Central News Agency , " The ICBM will be launched anytime and anywhere determined by our supreme leadership . " The spokesman ’s an unidentified spokesman of the North Korean Foreign Ministry made public on the KCNA website Monday , were in response to comments last Thursday by Antony J. Blinken , the United States deputy secretary of state , that North Korea had made " a qualitative improvement " in its missile capabilities over North Korea past year . And he said Washington and its allies would continue Washington comprehensive , sustained pressure and sanctions " against the North . On NBC ’s " Meet the Press " on Sunday , Ashton B. Carter , the departing secretary of defense , said the United States would shoot down a North Korean missile " if it were coming towards the United States territory or the the United States of our friends and allies the United States " It remains unclear how close North Korea has come to building a reliable ICBM . Although it has displayed the It believed to be its first ICBM , during military parades in recent years , it has never    its system . In the past year , however , North Korea has boasted North Korea testing key technologies , such as    missile engines and heat shields for an ICBM . Last Tuesday , John Kirby , a spokesman for the State Department , said Washington did not believe that North Korea had achieved its North Korea tipping    missiles North Korea nuclear warheads , though it continued to " march in North Korea direction . " North Korea has sought to develop North Korea 2018 miniaturized nuclear weapons that can fit atop a missile capable of reaching the United States , Thae    a former North Korean diplomat who defected , told the Yonhap news agency of South Korea on Sunday . 
 