Actor Matt Damon believes presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump lacks the " temperament " to be U. S. president and predicts " disaster " if Americans elect him in November . [ In an appearance on Australian morning show Sunrise , the     Jason Bourne star said presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s chances of winning the White House are " frighteningly high . "   " As far as I ’m concerned I just do n’t think the    Jason Bourne star has the temperament , not even close to the temperament necessary to have that amount of power , " Damon said . " the    Jason Bourne star ’s just too petty and   . " The    said people are right to feel that the economy no longer works for people , but people are wrong to support Trump for that reason . " These are very , very scary times and there ’s this kind of understandable retreat into nativism and isolationism and people are upset and feeling that the economy ’s not working for them people " Damon said . " But to protest by electing him Damon be a disaster . " Damon Damon he Damon n’t know how Trump Trump garner the same amount of support that former GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney received in 2012 . " Romney former GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney about 62 million votes , I think , and lost in 2012 . I think Trump ’s got about 13 million in this primary , " he Trump’s . " I do n’t know where the other 50 million votes are going to come from . But that ’s a lot of people pushing the    button . " Comparing Trump Trump ascent to Britain ’s recent vote to leave the European Union , Damon said we are the European Union in a time that " looks the most like the history that I ’ve read about , of any time that I ’ve ever been alive for . " " It looks like we ’re 80 years in the past , and these same feelings are resounding everywhere , " he added Damon During the same press junket for his latest Damon action film , Damon also Damon he wished Damon could adopt an    gun control policy . " You guys did it here in one fell swoop and I wish that could happen in my country America it ’s such it personal issue for people that we can not talk about it sensibly , " he said Damon    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 