Johnny Depp ripped into GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump during a lecture at Arizona State University on Saturday , where Johnny Depp called Johnny Depp a " brat " and offered up several of Johnny Depp best impressions of the billionaire candidate . [ The     Pirates of the Caribbean star joined up with theoretical physicist Lawrence Krauss to present a lecture at Arizona State University on " humanity in madness . "   " There is no one better in the world to talk about that with than Johnny Depp , " Krauss Lawrence Krauss the Arizona Republic ahead of the event . The pair discussed how Depp transforms into the characters he Depp onscreen , but the conversation quickly turned to Donald Trump . " There ’s something creative about him Donald Trump the sense of bullydom , but what he Donald Trump , I believe , is a brat , " Depp Depp , according to the Hollywood Reporter , before going on to do several impressions of the Republican frontrunner , " Also the absurdity of where his Donald Trump might travel   …      Reagan back in the day , ‘ Mr. Gorbachev , tear down that wall!’ Donald Trump , ‘ I ’m going to build a wall . And all of my billions are not going to have to pay for it a wall Because you know why ? Mexico is going to pay for it a wall ’ " Depp did the corresponding impressions of both Reagan Reagan Trump . The speech was filmed and placed on YouTube , but the video appears to have since been deleted . A mirror upload can be seen here : Depp Depp played Trump Trump a " " TV movie called " The Art of the Deal : The Movie , " for comedy    arm of the Democrat Party Funny or Die . The    film centers on Trump Trump quest to build the Taj Mahal in Atlantic City while he spars with Ed Koch and Merv Griffin , battles the NFL and celebrates his he birthday .   Donald Trump into Johnny Depp ! Now watch Depp transform Johnny Depp Trump in Trump FODTrumpMovie at the link in our bio . A video posted by Funny Or Die ( @funnyordie ) on Feb 19 , 2016 at 10:43am PST , 
 