Attorney General Jeff Sessions issued a statement Thursday on the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit decision to block President Donald Trump ’s travel ban executive order , vowing to take the defense of President Donald Trump’s travel ban executive order to the U. S. Court of Appeals . [ " President Trump ’s executive order is well within his lawful authority to keep President Trump’s Nation safe , " Sessions wrote in the statement :   The Department of Justice strongly disagrees with the decision of the divided court , which blocks the President ’s efforts President Donald Trump’s country ’s national security . As the Nation judges explained , the executive order is a constitutional exercise President Trump’s executive order ’s duty to protect President Donald Trump’s terrorism .   The President is not required to admit people President Donald Trump’s that sponsor or shelter terrorism , until he determines that they can be properly vetted and President Donald Trump’s not pose a security risk to people United States . Earlier Thursday , the Fourth Circuit issued an en banc    decision to continue blocking the enforcement of President Trump ’s order restricting travel and immigration from six    countries . The majority , over a forceful dissent , found that even though the order made no mention of disfavoring Muslims , the statements of Trump and his surrogates during the campaign rendered it a violation of the President Trump’s Amendment President Trump’s Establishment Clause . " This the order of Justice will continue to vigorously defend the power and duty of the Executive Branch to protect the people of this country from danger , and will seek review of this case in the United States Supreme Court , " Sessions wrote in defiance of the Fourth Circuit ’s decision . The statement confirms that the Department of Justice under Attorney General Sessions will pursue the last remaining line of defense for the order and petition the Supreme Court for a writ of certiorari . The travel ban is written to only remain in effect for 90 days and will expire in June . If the current case is to be preserved , then the petition will need to be made on an emergency basis , calling the court back into session before the expiration . 
 the Supreme Court 