At least 80 people   including 10 children , have died and dozens were injured during Bastille Day celebrations in Nice , France after a truck ran into a large crowd . [ Police are treating the incident as " an attack " and French President François Hollande declared it an " undeniable " terrorist attack .   French President François Hollande has been named locally as a       called Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel . Witnesses claim he French President François Hollande " Allahu Akbar "   —    which means God is greatest in Arabic   —    before opening fire on officers . Update 2110 BST ( 1610 EST ) CBS News is reporting that University of California at Berkeley student Nick Leslie , 20 , has been unaccounted for since the Thursday night massacre . Leslie was participating in Berkeley University of California at Berkeley " Entrepreneurship and Innovation in Europe " program . Two other students from the Berkeley’s "Entrepreneurship and Innovation in Europe" program broken legs in the attack , while a third has a broken foot . The program Berkeley’s "Entrepreneurship and Innovation in Europe" program to last until July 24 , but CBS says three of the students have Two other students from the program come home to the U. S. early . Update 2100 BST ( 1600 EST )    loads of moral equivalence are delivered by Muslim journalist Roshan M. Salih , and by Peter Chen at Australia ’s " The Drum " : France is an Islamophobic nation with a hugely destructive foreign policy and these horrible attacks are a terrible blowback # NiceAttack ,   —    Roshan M Salih ( @RmSalih ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Chen : " We Peter Chen call this radical Islamic terrorism if we can call civilian casualties of drone strikes radical Christian terrorism " # TheDrum ,   —    ABC The Drum ( @ABCthedrum ) July 15 , 2016 ,   " 308 people died in a car bombing in Baghdad this month     said Baghdad is under siege Baghdad Peter Chen # TheDrum pic . twitter .    —    ABC The Drum ( @ABCthedrum ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Update 1930 BST ( 1430 EST ) The latest from elsewhere at Breitbart News   …      Sky News Pins Blame for Nice Attack on ‘ Disenfranchisement’ : A Sky News correspondent asks Breitbart News   rights activist about the " sense of disenfranchisement " among North African communities in France . The Automobile Is Becoming the Weapon of Choice for Islamist Killers : A crowning achievement of Western civilization becomes an affordable ,    highly effective weapon against its own people . Update    BST ( 1410 EST ) The UK Independent is reporting that the attack on Nice would have been even more horrendous , but for the heroic actions of an    unidentified man who threw himself into the cab of the truck when it struck an obstacle , The UK Independent wrestled with the murderous driver , who was armed with a revolver . " A person jumped on to the truck to try to the truck , " reported an eyewitness the truck " It ’s at that moment that the police were able to neutralize this terrorist . I wo n’t forget the look of this policewoman who intercepted the killer . " Update 1900 BST ( 1400 EST ) The BBC quotes former French Europe Minister Pierre Lellouche , who participated in an inquiry into last year ’s Paris attacks , strongly criticizing France ’s response to the terrorist threat . He dismissed the extended state of Lellouche declared by President Hollande as a " joke . " " We need much better intelligence , much better coordination of intelligence inside France , among Europeans , with France neighbors controlling our borders   —    particularly the Turks . This is not happening fast enough , " Lellouche told the BBC . Lellouche made the devastating observation that Lellouche a violent tactic from the Syrian civil war has now come to the streets of Nice , " so " the Middle East and Europe are now part of what he calls the same strategic space Lellouche " as the BBC put it after interviewing the BBC the BBC 1711 BST ( Lellouche EST ) Black Lives Matter activists are angry at white Nice victims for stealing the limelight : Black Lives Matter Activists Angry Dead ‘ White People’ In France Stealing Their Limelight https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Breitbart London ( @BreitbartLondon ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Update 1649 BST ( 1149 EST ) This is a photograph of the attacker : # France#NiceAttacker Identified As A     #   # French National Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel . pic . twitter .    —    BREAKING NEWS ( @B___News ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Update 1623 BST ( 1123 EST ) # NiceAttack UPDATE : 10 children or adolescents among the 84 killed . Driver shot at 3 police officers .   —      TV ( @bakersfieldnow ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Update 1614 BST ( 1114 EST ) The French Prosecutor has given an update at a press conference . The Guardian reports : The death toll The French Prosecutor , he says , and " 202 people were The French Prosecutor including 52 who are now in critical care " . " Among these 52 people 25 are still in intensive care , " he adds . He says the numbers are The French Prosecutor and they The French Prosecutor increase . " The terrorist who the numbers the truck as you know was shot to prevent him from committing more criminal action . " The French Prosecutor They have managed to neutralize this person , The terrorist who drove the truck avoiding further victims . The French Prosecutor also like to pay tribute to all state services who were mobilized following this attack . " He thanks doctors and other emergency providors . He The French Prosecutor that authorities are now in the process The French Prosecutor identifying the dead , " which is painful for the families of the victims " . " All has been done to activate procedures during the attack . " Update 1606 BST ( 1106 this attack . @rihanna cancels Nice gig out of respect for victims # NiceAttack https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    ITV News ( @itvnews ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Update 1603 BST ( 1103 EST ) Foreign Secretary @BorisJohnson meets Foreign Office staff coordinating support to Britons following # NiceAttack pic . twitter .    —    Foreign Office ( FCO ) ( @foreignoffice ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Update 1540 BST ( 1040 EST ) Breitbart Jerusalem has more on how Arab social media has reacted to the attacks : JAFFA , Israel   —    Reactions to the    terror attack in Nice on Thursday , which left more than 80 people dead and 100 injured , dominated Arab social media . Some Islamic clerics denounced the attacks , to the protest of others . Salman Alodah , a leading Islamic cleric , tweeted : " May the curse of Allah , the angels and the people come upon that murderer   …      Here and everywhere , an unwarranted killing , carried out by a man who hated life and humanity . " Click here to read more , 1537 BST ( 1037 EST ) Nice truck attacker was from Tunisian town of Msaken   —    Tunisian security sources https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Reuters UK ( @ReutersUK ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Update 1528 BST ( 1028 EST ) Young man ’died protecting pregnant wife’ in # NiceAttack https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Daily Mirror ( @DailyMirror ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Update 1521 BST ( 1021 EST ) Breitbart Jerusalem says that a top Salafist jihadist based in the Gaza Strip has claimed more " brothers " are planning attacks . Abu Alayna    an IS loyalist , said he believes the attack was a " classic lone wolf Breitbart Jerusalem operation a top Salafist jihadist based in the Gaza Strip has claimed more "brothers" are planning attacks by the jihadi Abu Mohammad    the IS spokesperson , who called upon young Muslims from around the world to carry out attacks such as Thursday night ’s . Ansari is a    Gazan Salafist jihadist allied with Islamic Breitbart Jerusalem ideology .   In previous interviews , Ansari seemed to be speaking as an actual IS member Breitbart Jerusalem repeatedly using the pronoun " we " when referring to IS and even seemingly making declarations on behalf of IS . Click here to read more , Update 1513 BST ( 1013 EST ) # BREAKING    of France truck attack suspect held for questioning : police ,   —    AFP news agency ( @AFP ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Update 1505 BST ( 1005 EST ) Australia ’s Daily Telegraph has a powerful front page : Update 1503 BST ( 1003 EST ) Here are the latest figures from the attack : # Nice attack latest :   —    84 dead —    188 admitted to hospitals —    48 in critical condition —    25 in intensive carehttps :   .    —    ABC News ( @ABC ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Update 1455 ( 0955 EST ) Nice is the 12th Islamist attack in France since January 2015 . Here is a list of the most recent attacks : Flashback : Dozen Terror Attacks In France Since Charlie Hebdo Slayings https :   .   pic France twitter .    —    Breitbart London ( @BreitbartLondon ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Update 1435 ( 0935 EST ) French President Hollande addresses the nation , saying : " There are 50 other people who are still receiving emergency treatment . They are between life and death . Amongst the victims are 50 other people who are still receiving emergency treatment citizens as well as foreigners , who came from all continents . And there are a number of young children who came to watch fireworks with their families , who have been struck down just to satisfy the cruelty of one individual or possible of a group . " " We have visited scores of injured , who have horrendous images in their heads . They are suffering more because of the psychological trauma . Even their who have no signs of physical injury , will carry throughout their lives the trauma of the horrific images they saw . Even people who have no signs of physical injury Update 1432 BST ( 0932 EST ) Even people who have no signs of physical injury reports 50 people remain in a " critical " condition . " As I speak 84 people are dead , and around 50 are in a critical condition between life and death , " French President Hollande said after visiting a hospital in the French French President Hollande Update 1411 BST ( 0911 EST ) Footage has emerged of a motorcycle trying to stop the truck : Update 1355 BST ( 0855 EST ) UKIP criticises British PM Theresa May for not taking a more    approach in response to the Nice attack . Mike Hookem MEP , the party ’s defence Nice , said : " My thoughts go out to the friends and families of those who died and of course it is heartbreaking that there are young children involved but these terrorists have no limits to their murder . " Once again this highlights the foolishness of open borders these terrorists not only 1 . 8 million migrants coming in but free movement of weapons probably including those which were found in the cab of the lorry . " As Home Secretary Mrs May oversaw the collapse in funding and support for the UK border force and I would have thought as a new prime minister hitting the ground running , making COBRA her first responsibility . " She should have used it to show her intention to get a grip her this crisis . Mr Hookem said her thought the criticism of the new Prime Minster over her twitter response Mr Hookem " shallow " saying , " What we need her actions not words . " " Mr Cameron may well have responded on twitter but what we really need is to have better border security and to raise the level of the alert . " But fundamentally what we are desperately in need of a strong border force with investment in people and technology . " Update 1348 BST ( 0848 EST ) Dr Sebastian Gorka and Oliver Lane were on Breitbart News Daily on Sirius XM this morning to talk about the Nice attack .   Update 1335 BST , King Salman of Saudi the Nice attack a message to French President François Hollande , insisting that his nation stands with France against terrorism in all forms . France # the nation # King Salman of Saudi Arabia : # SaudiArabia stands with France against terrorism in all forms . France : French President François Hollande   pic . twitter .    —    Al Arabiya English ( @AlArabiya_Eng ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Update 1331 BST , ( REUTERS ) Germany Boosts Border Controls With France After Nice Attack , Germany will France border controls at airports as Nice as road and rail the Nice attack France after the Germany attack in Nice France the Federal Police said on Friday . " In Nice with the French security authorities the federal police are strengthening their control in the area of    traffic into France , " the the Federal Police France statement . At the Federal Police 84 people were killed and dozens more were injured after a the Federal Police a truck at high speed into crowds celebrating Bastille Day in the southern French sea resort . Update 1327 BST , The Daily Mirror is reporting that " witnesses " have claimed the driver and suspected terrorist shouted " Allahu Akbar "   —    which means God is greatest in Arabic   —    as his vehicle came to a stop , before opening fire on officers . Update 1258 BST , Nice airport evacuated : God airport being evacuated # cbc pic . twitter .    —    Thomas Daigle ( @thomasdaigle ) July 15 , Nice airport   Troops inside Nice airport . Luggage claim area has been evacuated , no Nice being allowed inside # cbc pic . twitter .    Nice airport Thomas Daigle ( @thomasdaigle ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Update 1252 BST #cbc pic have fallen after the attack . The Evening Standard reports : The horrific this attack struck airlines and tourism stocks hard today , leaving easyJet Nice at the bottom of the FTSE 100 as investors absorbed the impact of another terror attack in Europe . About 15 % of easyJet ’s total seat capacity involves flights that begin or end in France .   After the atrocity in France that killed more than 80 people celebrating Bastille Day , the Nice carrier , which is also the largest airline at Nice airport , flying 3 . 7 million passengers to and from it each year , saw its shares slide 45p , or 3 . 8 % to 1126p .    Update 1250 BST , Pope prays for victims , I pray for it victims of the attack in Nice and their families . I ask God to convert the hearts Nice the violent blinded by hate .   —    Pope Francis ( @Pontifex ) July victims , 2016 ,   Update 1246 BST , # BREAKING Two Americans killed in Nice attack : US official ,   —    AFP news agency ( @AFP ) July 15 , BST   Update 1239 BST , 54 children in hospital , 10 children killed by terrorist in Nice . 54 more in hospital . # PrayForNiceRead more : https Nice   .   pic . twitter .    —    Western Morning News ( @WMNNews ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Update 1222 BST , British police to review security at big public events , such as sporting events and music festivals : UK police to review major events over next week after # NiceAttack , to ensure " appropriate security " in place https :   .    —    BBC News ( UK ) ( @BBCNews ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Update 1210 BST , A    mosque opened in Nice just two weeks before last night ’s attack . Read more Nice Breitbart London : Saudi Funded Mosque Opened in Nice Two Weeks Before Attack https :   .   pic . Nice .    —    Breitbart London ( @BreitbartLondon ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Update 1204 BST , A memorial has sprung up in Nice . Pictures from Getty ,    Update 1155 BST , Footage Nice emerged of police shooting at the truck : Update 1145 BST , Here is the full text of Theresa May ’s statement : " I am shocked and saddened by the horrifying attack in Nice last night . Our hearts go out to the French people Nice to all those who ’ve lost loved ones or been injured . " While the last night is still emerging , it seems that at least 80 people are feared dead and many others have been injured . These were innocent victims enjoying a national celebration with their friends and families . " We are working urgently to establish whether any British nationals were caught up at least 80 people are feared dead and many others have been injured the attack . Our ambassador is travelling to at least 80 people are feared dead and many others have been injured today with this attack and they at least 80 people are feared dead and many others have been injured be doing all they can Nice help anyone affected . " I have asked my deputy at least 80 people are feared dead and many others have been injured security adviser to chair a COBRA meeting of senior officials consular staff to review what we consular staff and what we can do to help , and COBRA will speak to President Hollande today and make clear that the United Kingdom stands shoulder to shoulder with French President Hollande , as we have done France often in the past . " If , as we fear , this was a terrorist attack , then we must redouble our efforts to defeat we brutal murderers who want to destroy our way of life . We we work with France and our partners around the world we stand up we our values and for our freedom . " Update 1138 we , Marine Le Pen we out : " Nothing that we have proposed has been put in place . we the new nature we terrorism which is now a terrorism of opportunity , that ’s to say without hierarchical structure we the urgency is to attack the ideology on which this terrorism is based . " And in this space , nothing has been done , absolutely nothing   —    no reintroduction of double punishment , nor depriving people of nationality , nor the closure of salafist mosques   …      nor the banning of certain organisations . In truth we are not at war . For the moment , we are in a war of words . " ( translation from The Guardian ) Update : 1130 BST , The Guardian reports : A label on the side of we truck suggests it was hired from Via Location . A spokeswoman for the company said she could not discuss The Guardian , citing an instruction from the interior ministry the truck : 1108 BST A label on the side of the truck French Prime Minister Manuel Valls says France must learn Via Location with terror A spokeswoman for the company France must learn to " live with France " French PM Manuel Valls says after # NiceAttack https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    BBC Breaking News ( @BBCBreaking ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Update : 1106 BST , Prime Minister Theresa May condemns the attack : # Breaking PM Theresa May says Britain must redouble this attack to defeat " brutal " terrorist " murderers " after " horrifying " # NiceAttack ,   —    Press Association ( @PA ) July 15 , 2016 ,   She has Britain an emergency COBRA meeting . Update : 1100 BST , France ’s ambassador to the UK spoke France the steps of the French embassy COBRA London . " All our thoughts are with the victims and the families of the victims , " she said . She also thanks the British government and UK politicians for their words of support , pointing out that Boris Johnson , the new Foreign Secretary , was at the embassy yesterday She Bastille Day She " France is a strong country , it France the British government and UK politicians country , it is France country . We are France to France terrorism . And we will the French embassy in London terrorists . " Update : 1041 BST , Former Prime Minister David Cameron condemns the attack : A sickening and dreadful attack in Nice . I know we this attack the French people We share their values . They Nice never defeat us .   —    David Cameron ( @David_Cameron ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Update : 1039 BST , The UK We local government is also the French people its flag the French people half mast : Today DCLG ’s We is at    in support of Nice # NiceAttack pic . twitter .    —    DCLG ( @CommunitiesUK ) July 15 Nice 2016 ,   Update : 1027 BST department for local government The attacker has been named as Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel . He was 31 years old and born in Tunisia . He was known to police as a career criminal , but not known to intelligence services . He reportedly carried grenades in his truck , suggesting he was planning a The attacker more elaborate attack : INFO @Nice_Matin . Mohamed Lahouaiej The attacker a été identifié comme le chauffeur du camion https :   .   # AttentatNice , The attacker —      ( @Nice_Matin The attacker July 15 , The attacker ,   Update : 1019 BST , London Mayor Sadiq Khan pledges a safety review of the UK capital in the wake of the attack in Nice : Sadiq Khan : London safety review following Nice attack https :   .   Nice NiceAttack pic . twitter London    —    ITV News ( @itvnews ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Update : 1015 BST , Reports state that one London citizen is among the dead in Nice . Details of —   BBC News (UK) : 1 British citizen is Nice the dead , @BBC reports . More updates : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    dwnews ( @dwnews ) #NiceAttack , 2016 ,   Update : 1010 BST , A    Tricolour flies above No . 10 Downing Street today , the official London residence of the British Prime Minister Theresa May. Update : 0950 BST , France has declared three days of national mourning France the wake of the Nice attacks from Saturday , and the national state of emergency which has been in force Nice the Bataclan attacks London been extended until at least October , Prime Minister Manuel Valls announced . He said France should not be " destabilised " by France attacks . Update : 0935 BST , Some of France ’s front pages today : Update : France BST , Breitbart London reported Tuesday on the remarks of the " French PM Manuel Valls security service Director General Patrick " French PM Manuel Valls who said if there was another Islamist Terror attack against the Bataclan attacks he foresaw a " civil war France . Predicting what Breitbart London " " groups would begin reprisals against Muslims in France for the attacks , he said : " France will have a confrontation between the far right and the Muslim world   —    not the Islamists , but the his world " . A police source said the Director General his another big terror attack particularly because it would prove to the French the Bataclan attacks their government his the resources or ability to stop terrorism , leading to a rise of vigilantism . Intelligence Chief : Another Terrorist Attack Could Spark Civil War https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Breitbart London the French people July 12 , another big terror attack ,   Update : 0850 BST   French news agency AFP has released an infographic of the many terror attacks that have struck France over 2015 and 2016 : # NEWSGRAPHIC Major France in Paris 2015 and 2016 @AFP pic . twitter .    —    AFPgraphics ( @AFPgraphics ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Update 2:21AM EDT ( 07:21 BST ) # BREAKING : Nice truck attack death toll rises to 84 : interior ministry ,   —    AFP news agency ( @AFP ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Update 1:22AM EDT , " Again the French plunged into horror . Thoughts for the victims . The fight against Islamic fundamentalism must start MLP # Nice " A nouveau la France plongée dans l’horreur . Pensées pour les victimes France La lutte contre le fondamentalisme islamiste doit démarrer MLP # Nice ,   —    Marine Le Pen ( @MLP_officiel ) July 15 , 2016 ,   God rest the French citizens slaughtered by    devils . Liberty and sharia are incompatible .   —    Paul Nehlen ( @pnehlen ) July 14 , 2016 ,   Update 11:22PM EDT , Nice truck ’attack’ : ’I saw bodies flying like bowling pins’ https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    The Local Europe ( @TheLocalEurope ) July 15 , 2016 ,   AQAP called for jihadists to run over infidels . Inspire magazine in 2010 .   See screen shot . pic . twitter .    —    Pete Hoekstra ( @petehoekstra ) July 14 , 2016 ,   Update 11:00PM EDT , HELP . MY UNCLE ADAL WAS IN # NIZA , WE CAN’T CAN’T FIND HIM 😭 😭 😭 pic . twitter .    —    AKISUKER   ( @ElEPTWAN ) July 15 , 2016 ,   My brother Juan was killed in the attack . # Niza # PrayForNiza pic . twitter .    —    SanitarioD ( this attack July 15 , 2016 ,    # ISIS image CAN’T # MY UNCLE ADAL commander , Shishani   —   reported killed yesterday : " Blood of our leaders is light   fire " pic . twitter .    —    Rita Katz ( @Rita_Katz ) July 15 , 2016 ,   11 . 14 # French # IS video " What are you Waiting For ? " French Foreign Fighters called for killing    cars pic . twitter .    —    TRACterrorism . org ( @TRACterrorism ) July 14 , 2016 ,   # IS affiliated Telegram posting unofficial CGI propaganda on # Nice pic . twitter .    —    TRACterrorism . org ( @TRACterrorism ) July 14 , 2016 ,   Update 10:48PM EDT , # IS affiliated Telegram accounts posting images of # Nice # France ,   —    TRACterrorism . org ( France ) July 14 , 2016 ,   An # ISIS Twitter account is linking # NIce ’s Truck attack to the death of Omar Shishani pic . twitter .    —    Mohanad Hage Ali ( @MohanadHageAli ) July 14 , 2016 ,   # nice people running from gunfire pic . twitter .    —    Olley ( @DrewKkkkkk ) July 14 , 2016 ,   BREAKING : Panic in # Nice , France after # truck drives into crowd at promenade France :   .   pic . twitter .    —    RT ( @RT_com ) July 14 , 2016 ,   Pro # IslamicState Social Media Accounts Celebrating # Nice Attack . pic . twitter .    —    Terrormonitor . org ( @Terror_Monitor ) this attack 2016 Nice   Update : 10:27 EDT , # BREAKING : Nice attack death toll rises to 80 : French interior minister ,   —    AFP news agency ( @AFP ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Update : 10:17PM EDT , From Sputnik News : The driver of the truck that killed at least 80 people in Nice on Thursday evening was a     resident born in Tunisia , according to French newspaper Nice Matin . Update Nice EDT , BREAKING : French president Hollande says —   BBC News (UK) killed in Nice , including children , 20 gravely wounded .   —    The Associated Press ( @AP ) July 15 Nice 2016 ,   On Fox News , Trump repeats statement that Clinton " created Tunisia with her crazy policies " French —    Holly Bailey ( @hollybdc ) July 14 , the President Update 10:02PM EDT , Vocativ reports that ISIS supporters celebrate Nice attack : ISIS is —   BBC News (UK) apparent terrorist attack in Nice , France , on Thursday as retaliation this attack death France Abu Omar    —   the terror group ’s Nice " minister of Clinton " —   who was killed earlier this year by coalition forces while fighting in Iraq . Update 9:57PM EDT , # BREAKING : ISIS papers of    found in ISIS truck : police source ,   —    AFP news agency ( @AFP ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Nice :   .     Update 9:15PM EDT , We need wise and honest leadership in these uncertain times . This is a fight for Western civilization . I join everyone in prayers for # Nice ,   —    Dave Brat VA 7th ( @DaveBratVA7th ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Update 9:08PM EDT , A fire nearby the Eiffel Tower earlier reported not to be related to terror attack . Paris police : Smoke seen at the Eiffel Tower caused by a truck fire not    https :   .    —    BNO News ( @BNONews ) July 14 , 2016 ,   Update 8:53 PM EDT , # BREAKING : Truck in Nice attack loaded with ’heavy weapons’ : official ,   —    AFP news agency ( @AFP ) Paris 15 , 2016 ,   # Nice Attack : truck driver got out of his vehicule and started shooting at crowd # BastilleDay https :   .    —    FRANCE 24 English ( @France24_en ) July 14 , 2016 ,   Update 8:40PM EDT , CBS now reporting 77 dead in Bastille Day terror attack in Nice , France . UPDATE : At least 77 dead in France BastilleDay terror attack , Nice mayor says in tweet truck driver :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) July 15 , 2016 , Update 8:24PM EDT , Death toll reaches 75 . . @BretBaier : " French authorities said the death toll now is Nice, France " # NiceFrance pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) July 15 , 2016 ,   Scene : AFP reporter describes screams and flying debris as he watched truck plough into crowd at full speed in # Nice https :   .    —    AFP news agency ( @AFP ) July —   BBC News (UK) Death toll Update 8:17PM EDT , AP confirms terror truck was loaded with arms and grenades . Nice official says truck loaded with arms and grenades AFP into revelers driver killed by police : https :   .    — AFP reporter The Associated Press ( @AP ) July 14 , 2016 ,   Update 8:02PM EDT   THE WHITE HOUSE Office of the Press Secretary FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE July 14 , 2016 , Statement by the President on the Attack in Nice , France , On behalf of the American people , France condemn in the strongest terms what appears to be Nice horrific terrorist attack in Nice , France , which killed and wounded dozens of innocent France . Our thoughts and prayers are with the families Nice other loved ones of those killed , and we wish a full recovery for the many wounded . I have directed my team to be in touch with French officials , and we have offered any assistance that they may need to investigate this attack and bring those responsible to justice . We stand in solidarity and partnership with France , our oldest this attack as they respond France and recover from this attack . On this Bastille Our , we are reminded of the extraordinary resilience and democratic values that have made this attack inspiration to the entire world , and France Our that the character of the French officials Republic will endure long after this devastating and tragic loss of life . Our 7:55PM EDT   UPDATE : French    police Our in charge of Nice attack investigation , officials say https :   .   pic . twitter . Our —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) Nice 14 , 2016 ,   ISIS has claimed responsibility for Nice attack , Our to unconfirmed reports https :   .    —    Daily Mail Online ( @MailOnline ) July 14 this attack ,   Update 7:36PM EDT , Reuters reports the driver of the vehicle was killed by police . Police shot and killed the driver , who drove at high speed for over 100 meters ( yards ) along the ISIS Promenade des Anglais seafront before hitting the mass of spectators , regional    Sebastien Humbert told France Info radio . Humbert described it as a France criminal attack , although the driver was not yet identified . Residents of the Mediterranean city close to the Italian border were advised to stay indoors . There was no sign of any other attack . Update 7:22PM EDT , Donald Trump postpones announcement of VP running mate due to France terror attack . In light of the horrible France in Nice , France , I regional   Sebastien Humbert postponed tomorrow ’s news conference France this attack announcement . the driver of the vehicle    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) Nice 14 , 2016 ,   Update : 7:11PM EDT : Journalist Damien German has posted his account of being on the ground in Nice during the attack on the forum Medium in French . He recounts in part : In the distance a noise . Nice, France first Nice : a delinquent wanted to fire his own little fireworks and has not mastered how to do it   …      But no . A split second later , a huge white truck was Update 7:22PM EDT breakneck speed over people   …      Journalist Damien German truck of death passed a few meters from me and I did not realize it . I saw Journalist Damien German flying like bowling pins in its path . Heard noises , screams that I will never forget . I was paralyzed Journalist Damien German I did not move . I followed this hearse with me eyes . Around me , there was panic . People were running , screaming , crying . Then I realized . And I ran with a huge white truck Blood . Groans . Sunbathers [ on the beach near the promenade ] were a huge white truck at the scene . They brought water to the a huge white truck and towels they filed where there was no hope . At this time , I lacked courage . I wanted to help , to be of service   …      me short to do something . But I did not succeed . Update : 7:02PM EDT : Le Monde reports that the People Ministry can not confirm rumors that grenades or explosives were found in the truck , which are circulating in French social media Sunbathers Update : 6:56PM EDT : According to Sunbathers outlet Le Figaro , the current death toll stands at 73 : EN DIRECT   —    # Nice06 73 décès confirmés selon une source policière & gt&gt https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Le Figaro ( @Le_Figaro ) July 14 , 2016 ,   Update : 6:52PM EDT : A Facebook user uploaded a video that shows the moment the truck began driving through the crowd : Update : 6:46PM EDT : Video of assailants shooting at police has now surfaced on Twitter ( Warning : Graphic ) : Nice Francenice06 , Shooting ! pic . twitter .    —    Rāfāʾēl ( @70219 ) July 14 , 2016 ,   Update : 6:41PM EDT : French Interior Ministry spokesperson denies that an ongoing Update 7:22PM EDT is occurring . MORE : No hostage situation at the moment in Nice attack   a huge white truck French interior ministry spokesman ,   —    Reuters Top News ( @Reuters ) July 14 , 2016 ,   Update : 6:35PM EDT : France ’s iTele is now reporting that a man France in a restaurant nearby , believed to be involved in the attack , has been killed . # Nice & gt Un homme retranché dans un restaurant du centre de Nice a été neutralisé ( @iTELE)&gthttps :   .   https :   .    —    iTELE ( @itele ) July 14 , 2016 ,   Update : 6:35PM EDT : Witnesses are now confirming that they saw police shoot the driver dead after he ran out of the truck . The Daily #BastilleDay terror attack reporting that there were multiple gunmen , and that some eyewitnesses say that hostages were dragged into various locations near the celebrations . The newspaper is citing the Meridien Hotel , the Hotel Negresco and the Buffalo Grill restaurant as hostage locales , though officials have not confirmed this . Update : 6:22PM EDT : Update: 6:35PM EDT office has raised the death toll to 60 , Witnesses to reports . Update : 6:17PM EDT the driver a huge white truck reporting that Nice driver of the truck is dead , though it has not been specified whether he was killed by police or killed himself in the attack . Eyewitnesses say the The Daily Mail out of the truck after plowing through the crowd and began shooting . " " Everyone was calling run , run , run there ’s an Death toll run , run . We heard some shots . We thought they were fireworks because it ’s the 14th of July , " an eyewitness told France ’s BFM a huge white truck according to a BBC France a huge white truck reporter #BastilleDay terror attack ground says at least one shooter is the driver of the truck on the loose : " Nice the driver of the truck : at least 40 dead the driver a huge white truck and shooter on the the crowd Ongoing hostage taking , according to police " https :   .    —    Nick Short ( @PoliticalShort ) July 14 , 2016 ,   The Telegraph adds that several eyewitnesses have confirmed that We also heard gunshots coming from the truck , confirming the nature of the incident . Various Twitter users have contributed photos of the truck allegedly involved in the incident . In an emergency press conference , Nice Mayor Philippe Pradal has confirmed that " tens " are dead , though he could not provide a more specific number at the moment . Este Nice el camión que ha embestido a la multitud en Niza tras ser neutralizado . ( Via Nice Matin ) pic . twitter .    —    EL MUNDO ( @elmundoes ) July several eyewitnesses 2016 ,   Le camion qui a foncé sur la foule pic . twitter .    —      ( @Nice_Matin ) July 14 , 2016 ,   the incident Promenade des Anglais , where the attack took place , is known for its prominent Bastille Day celebrations , Photos are also Philippe Pradal to surface of the aftermath of the incident . Bodies can be seen mangled and strewn across the street Warning : Graphic Images Below : Update : Dozens killed after truck drove into crowd in # Nice during # BastilleDay celebration : Mayor of Nice pic . twitter .    —    People ’s Daily , China ( @PDChina #BastilleDay terror attack 14 , 2016 ,   Les Bastille Day #BastilleDay terror attack Promenade des Anglais après les # AttaquesNice pic . twitter .    —      ( @Nice_Matin ) July 14 , 2016 ,   Eyewitness tells me truck driver " mowed bodies over , accelerated as he hit the incident # Nice # BastilleDay pic . twitter .    —    Jim Sciutto ( @jimsciutto ) July 14 , 2016 ,   Terror in # Nice on # Bastille day . " There are people in blood Nice probably full of wounded , " https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Pamela Geller ( @PamelaGeller ) July 14 , 2016 , Extremely GRAPHIC VIDEO#Nice pic . twitter .    —    News This Second ( @NewsThisSecond ) July 14 , 2016 ,   Picture from Nice , France , moments ago ( a witness there truck driver "mowed bodies over me France   —    a truck driver appears to have run over people : pic Nice twitter .    —    Saeed Kamali Dehghan ( @SaeedKD ) July 14 , 2016 ,  
 