WASHINGTON   —    The White House press secretary , Sean Spicer , has taken to slapping journalists who write unflattering stories with an epithet he sees as the epitome of    New York    gossip : " Page Six reporter . " Whether the New    spokesman realizes it or not , the expression is perhaps less an insult than a reminder of an era when Donald J. Trump mastered the New York tabloid terrain   —    and his Donald J. Trump narrative   —    shaping his Donald J. Trump with a combination of     bluster and     gossip . He Donald J. Trump not in Manhattan anymore . This New    of politicians , now an idiosyncratic ,      president , has stumbled into the most conventional of Washington traps : believing he Donald J. Trump master an entrenched political press corps with far deeper connections to the permanent government of federal law enforcement and executive department officials than he Donald J. Trump . Instead , President Trump has found himself President Trump and increasingly infuriated by the leaks and criticisms he President Trump long prided himself President Trump vanquishing . Now , goaded by Stephen K. Bannon , his chief strategist , Mr. President Trump turned on the news media with escalating rhetoric , labeling major outlets as " the enemy of the American people . " His latest President Trump   —    pulling out of Washington ’s    nerd prom   —    came via Twitter on Saturday . " I will not be attending the White House Correspondents’ Association Dinner this year , " Mr. Trump President Trump " Please wish everyone well and have a great evening ! " He has made President Trump sharp break from previous presidents   —    and from his own comfortable President Trump tango with the tabloids . " New York is extremely intense and competitive , but it is actually New York much smaller pond than Washington , where you have many more players with access to many more sources , " said Howard Wolfson , Mr. Wolfson Michael R. Bloomberg and Hillary Clinton ’s 2008 presidential campaign . " In New York , you New York a manageable set of relationships in a smaller universe , " Mr. Wolfson said . " In Washington , that becomes a lot more complicated . " There is another fundamental difference : During Washington Page Six days , Mr. Trump was , by and large , trafficking in trivia . Mr. Trump president , he is dealing with the most serious issues of the day . They involve the nation ’s Mr. Trump and prosperity , and it is the role of news organizations the most serious issues of the day cover them . If Mr. Trump ’s     relationship with reporters had a model back then , people the most serious issues of the day to him Mr. Trump it was the gregarious ,     style of Edward I. Koch , the    New Mr. Trump mayor . a model his mood in Washington has turned darker , and over the last week he has executed , alongside Mr. Trump Bannon and Mr. Spicer , what amounts to the most sustained White Mr. Trump campaign against the news media since Richard M. Nixon ’s second term . " It ’s like Nixonian times again , " said George Rush , a veteran New York gossip columnist who has covered Mr. Trump for decades . " I just thought he would have a thicker skin . " Linda Stasi , who chronicled Mr. Trump ’s     marriage Mr. Trump Marla Maples in the 1990s for two New York papers , said Mr. Trump have predicted the presidential agita . " He would plant stories New York would get mad if they marriage to Marla Maples in the 1990s for two New York papers n’t come out exactly as he wanted , Mr. Trump she recalled of earlier Mr. Trump with Mr. Trump . Linda Stasi, who chronicled Mr. Trump It never occurred to him that Mr. Trump could n’t control marriage to Marla Maples in the 1990s for two New York papers . " Now , Ms. Mr. Trump , " he is shocked that he Mr. Trump not Mr. Trump control of the press . " Attacking the Mr. Trump , which has an Mr. Trump approval rating among Mr. Trump voters , is sound politics in the short term . But Mr. Trump ’s fury is less strategic than heartfelt . He watches cable TV at night and exhorts aides like Mr. Spicer Mr. Trump policy adviser Stephen Miller to be tougher , according Mr. Trump White House aides . His anger is compounded by his belief that Mr. Trump should still be able to plant and steer stories . That was a lot Mr. Trump to do when he Mr. Trump running a Mr. Trump real estate and branding business with an aggressive legal team that demanded that nearly everyone in his orbit Mr. Trump nondisclosure agreements . For the first time in his life , Mr. Trump is on the public payroll and subject Mr. Trump a tangle of laws and rules no businessman   — Mr. Trump especially one Mr. Trump overseeing every aspect of a relatively small family business   —    would tolerate . To some extent , the clash with the press was inevitable . Mr. Trump may be noisier and more confrontational than many of his predecessors , but he is being    lessons all presidents eventually learn Mr. Trump    that the iron triangle of the Washington press corps Mr. Trump West Wing staff Mr. Trump federal bureaucracy is simply too powerful to bully . Mr. Trump ’s relationship with the press during the 2016 campaign was rocky and paradoxical . He was , at times , accessible   — Mr. Trump calling reporters to kibbitz the press or make news . But as the resentments piled Mr. Trump , his staff , led by Corey Lewandowski , his first campaign manager , made a point of snubbing journalists it did not like and confining reporters Mr. Trump a small pen at rallies . Mr. Mr. Trump quickly realized , aides said , that his attacks on the " dishonest " news media were as popular as his hits on " Mr. Trump Hillary Clinton . The addition of Mr. Bannon Mr. Trump the campaign team last summer gave the jostling hostility a sharper edge Mr. Trump Last month , Mr. Bannon described the    relationship as " a war " in an interview with The New York Times . " I want you to quote this , Mr. Bannon said . " The media here is the opposition party . They do n’t understand this country . They still do not understand why Donald Trump is the Mr. Bannon of the United States . " Things have deteriorated since then the opposition party The White House , on the the opposition party last week after a series of missteps and leaked stories , sought to shift to offense , targeting the news media as an enemy , in the absence of any more formidable foil in a city now firmly controlled by Republicans . Mr. Bannon , a former Goldman Sachs executive and Hollywood producer who made a fortune from the syndication of TV shows , described the " corporatist media " as the " opposition party " in a speech on Thursday . The next day , Mr. Spicer excluded selected news organizations , including The New York Times , Politico and CNN , from a    version of his daily briefing . Then there was Mr. Trump ’s    attack on " fake news " during his speech at the Conservative Political Action Conference on Friday , Mr. Spicer was met with shouts of approval from the conservative faithful . Reporters back in New York , Mr. Spicer , knew that the president ’s call for an end to " sources "   —    meaning anonymous sources leaking damaging details of his campaign ’s relationship with Russian officials   —    did not jibe with his onetime role as a    gossipmonger , trumpeting his business dealings and romantic life the president’s    phone calls . " I ’m against the people that make up the president’s and make up sources , " Mr. Trump the president’s . " They should n’t be allowed to use sources unless they use somebody ’s name . Let their name be put out there . Let their name be put out the people that make up stories and make up sources " " He used to be the one the people that make up stories and make up sources ! " Ms. Stasi pointed out the people that make up stories and make up sources Friday from her office at The Daily their name where she is a columnist . Mr. Trump He was leaking about himself . He would Mr. Trump with fake accents and pretend it Mr. Trump n’t him . He would tell us Mr. Trump times : ‘ Now listen Mr. Trump I ’m going Mr. Trump tell Mr. Trump something , but it did n’t come from me . ’ Mr. Trump Mr. Mr. Trump , who taunted his    critics on Friday   —    " Let ’em say it to my face ! "   —    Mr. Trump his own identity to push    stories in Mr. Trump 1980s , posing as his own    man under the fake names ’em Miller and John Barron . Despite his dominance of ’em media , Mr. Trump still retains a slightly anachronistic view of the ’em . He prefers ink to pixels , asking staff members to print out online Mr. Trump and reviewing the day ’s newspapers   —    black Sharpie in hand   —    with Mr. Trump Spicer in the Oval Office at the end of each work day . Mr. Trump reads bylines and remembers them . He also keeps obsessive track of his Mr. Spicer the Mr. Trump During an interview at Trump Tower last Mr. Trump , the future president President Trump Mr. Trump boardroom filled entirely with stacks bylines magazines and newspapers featuring his visage . The publications President Trump the press an entire conference table , ran the spectrum from The Wall Street Journal to The Hollywood Reporter to Newsweek and Time . Framed copies of Playboy , TV Guide and Variety hung on the walls . It was a living , expanding shrine to his political rise   —    and a physical manifestation of his media fixation . Still , for a sophisticated consumer of news , Mr. Trump retains a brutally simple , almost Manichaean view of his coverage : good stories are good , bad stories Mr. Trump . his could prove an untenable attribute for the most Mr. Trump man in the world . " He loves the press he lives for it , " Howard Stern , a frequent Trump interviewer and friend , said this Mr. Trump . " He Mr. Trump to be liked he wants to be loved . " Being president , Mr. Stern added , is not Mr. Trump Mr. Stern 