In a    interview with Rolling Stone ,    Snoop Dogg shared   Snoop Dogg thoughts on police brutality ,   Snoop Dogg upcoming TV show with Martha Stewart and the    tirade   Snoop Dogg posted to social media earlier this summer in which   Snoop Dogg blasted Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump . [ " How could we have someone as reckless as   Snoop Dogg running we country ? " the     rapper and marijuana entrepreneur told the outlet .   " I been around for a long time . I seen Jimmy Carter , Ronald Reagan , Bushes , Clintons . And I never seen a motherf*cker like motherf*cker , " motherf*cker added . Snoop ripped Trump in a video posted to Snoop Instagram account in July , shortly after the Republican National Convention . " We ai n’t voting for your punk ass , " Snoop says in the a video posted to his Instagram account in July he Snoop to rapper YG ’s song " F*ck Donald Trump . " " Go get you a new hairdo , b*tch ass n*gga . " Snoop has made his presidential Snoop known for some time in May 2015 , the Snoop Hillary Clinton for president , telling Bravo ’s Andy Cohen that he would " Bravo’s Andy Cohen to see a woman in office . " In July , the California Snoop march for peace to the Los Angeles Police Department ’s headquarters , where he held a joint Snoop conference with Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti and LAPD Police Chief Charlie Beck . " I never really had respect or understanding of the police until I got older and realized that most police officers are humans , too , " Snoop told Rolling Stone of the event . " But that day was about saying , " We are n’t going to be done like this anymore by you . When there ’s an incident with a civilian , we need to make sure everyone makes it home safely   — an incident with a civilian not just the officer . " " Every day of our lives , this is we we ’ve been going through we the police , " he continued . " Getting beat , getting pulled over for nothing , getting harassed , getting killed . All that shit been going on for years , but now there ’s cameras and now they ’re saying everybody ’s woke . No , we ’ve been woke . we Last month , VH1 announced a    weekly series called Martha   Snoop ’s Dinner Party , which will see Stewart and Snoop cooking and hosting dinner parties for their famous friends . When Stewart and Snoop cooking and hosting what viewers can expect to see on his celebrity cooking show , VH1 said , " A Snoop bit of food , drinkin’ and maybe some of that    in the air   —    depends on the network ! " Snoop is also    Mary Snoop Jane , a    comedy for MTV . The Doggfather is currently on tour with fellow    devotee Wiz Khalifa . The duo ’s " High Road Tour " has seen its fair share of controversy The duo Last month , more than two dozen concertgoers were treated for alcohol poisoning during a New York concert . A week before that incident , some 42 people were injured after a metal barrier collapsed while Snoop and Wiz Khalifa were on stage performing in Camden , New Jersey .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 