President Barack Obama took questions from reporters today during President Barack Obama visit at the G7 summit in Japan , but appeared annoyed when President Barack Obama was asked about Hillary Clinton ’s emails instead of President Barack Obama trip to Asia . [ After speaking at length about presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump and the Democratic primary fight , Obama took an additional question .   " As a special bonus , I ’m going to take one more question , " Obama said , motioning to a reporter . But when a reporter asked about the State Department ’s inspector general report criticizing Hillary Clinton ’s email practices , Obama appeared grumpy , calling into question Obama trustworthiness . He a reporter also asked about Clinton Hillary Clinton’s to release the transcripts of her speeches Hillary Clinton’s Wall Street . " OK . You know what , I take it back , I ’m not taking another question , " Obama said , smiling weakly . " We ’re in Japan , do n’t we have We in Asia that we want We talk about ? I ’ll be talking about this in Washington the whole time . " Obama dismissed both questions as campaign related issues , referring them to both questions as campaign related issues ’s campaign . " During the course of a primary , people say what they think people help them get people votes , " he said , " Once the campaign Clinton’s campaign they move on people " Earlier in the press conference , Obama spoke at length about the ongoing primary fight between Sanders and Hillary . " It ’s been my view to let this play out , let voters make up their minds , voters Obama said . " During primaries people get a little grumpy with each other . " Obama recalled Obama own experience in 2008 , citing a " buildup of aggravation " as the process got closer to a finish . " For the most part , there ’s not that big a difference ideologically in terms of the issues , " citing affordable college , universal health care , and raising taxes . " The differences are primarily tactical . " Obama appeared confident that Democrats could unite by the time of the Democratic convention in July . " They ’re both Democrats could unite by the time of the Democratic convention in July people , I know them both well both both I think it ’s important to try to end this in a way that leaves both sides proud of what they ’ve done both sides " Obama said . Obama dismissed every bit of news conflict and poll as " day to day choppiness " but admitted that the eventual nominee probably wished the campaign was over . Obama said that it was also difficult for candidates to argue and fight with members of their own party candidates " Would it be nice if everybody was immediately unified and singing kumbaya and whoever the nominee ended the eventual nominee could just take a nice two week vacation to recharge ? " he asked . " the eventual nominee . " 
 