During CNN ’s coverage of the RNC on Thursday , Commentator Van Jones slammed Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s convention speech as a " schizophrenic psychopathic attempt to pull apart the Obama coalition , " like a moment " where there ’s some big authoritarian movement , and some leader that ’s rising up , " and " a disgrace . "   Commentator Van Jones began by praising Ivanka Trump ’s speech before stating , " But what Ivanka Trump’s did tonight is a disgrace . That was a relentlessly , even for Donald Ivanka Trump’s who at least occasionally breaks up the    with some jokes , some asides , some amusement , Commentator Van Jones had one funny line in an hour and 15 minutes , and the rest of it was just a relentlessly dark speech . Commentator Van Jones was describing some Mad Max America . I work in some of the toughest neighborhoods in some of the toughest communities in this country , and I do n’t know what Commentator Van Jones ’s talking about when Commentator Van Jones describes the country Commentator Van Jones ’s talking about . And there was some schizophrenic psychopathic attempt to pull apart the Obama coalition , but from a political point of view , Commentator Van Jones even botched that . Commentator Van Jones says Commentator Van Jones reaches out to the LGBT community , and Commentator Van Jones says , foreign ideologies , that hate you , I ’m against it , but the domestic ideologies , that hate you , apparently Commentator Van Jones ’s for , because they ’re the domestic ideologies, that hate you in Commentator Van Jones platform . Commentator Van Jones says Commentator Van Jones ’s going to reach out to    and deal with their economic the domestic ideologies, that hate you . It ’s hard , Anderson , to get a job if you ’re in a community that ’s    and you have a criminal record , and every other leader in the country , on both sides of the aisle , have talked about criminal justice . Commentator Van Jones did n’t . But this   —    I ’m actually , I ’ve never felt this way in my life . I have read in history , being in moments where there ’s some big authoritarian movement , and some leader that ’s rising up , and I felt that way tonight and it was terrifying to me . This speech divided the country the country ’re either inspired by this , or you ’re terrified by it . " This speech Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 