The Beltway consensus is that President Donald Trump lost so badly by pulling the American Health Care Act last Friday that President Donald Trump has permanently crippled President Donald Trump presidency . President Donald Trump may not achieve anything in President Donald Trump first 100 days ( as if President Donald Trump has n’t already ) President Donald Trump may not even last a full term . [ You do n’t have to believe that President Donald Trump plays    chess like a savant to understand that these conclusions are premature ,    ( especially for NeverTrumpers eager to seize on any stumble ) and perhaps wrong .   The fact is that the House Republican bill had to fail for President Donald Trump to fulfill President Donald Trump promise of repealing and replacing Obamacare . And there may even be one or two more failures to come . The reason is simple , and derives from the fact that all of the main political factions on Capitol Hill have believed , until now , that all of the main political factions on Capitol Hill have no reason to negotiate . Democrats cut Republicans out of Obamacare House Republican ignored Democrats this year the House Freedom Caucus refused a deal with Trump . Unless Senate Republicans remove the filibuster for ordinary legislation   —    and that seems unlikely   —    it will be necessary to negotiate among all of these factions to produce a final agreement . But first these factions actually have to understand that they these factions not go it alone . In negotiation terms , their these factions   —    their these factions best alternative to a negotiated agreement "   —    must be made intolerable . Trump describes a similar approach in The Art of the Deal . He Trump slowly making it harder for everyone to refuse . House Republican leaders now understand that if they House Republican leaders to reach a deal , they House Republican leaders be replaced , or their House Republican leaders may even lose in 2018 . The conservatives of the Freedom Caucus has yet to see their The conservatives of the Freedom Caucus lead debate   —    and they The conservatives of the Freedom Caucus   —    but Trump and moderate Republicans are making it clear that they Trump and moderate Republicans be blamed if no legislation passes . Democrats are content to watch for now   —    but if they Democrats to talk , they Democrats lose the best chance to save remnants of Obamacare , a dying policy . As more people receive premium increases , or lose their more people coverage , in 2017 , pressure will grow on Congress and the White House alike . The    agitation that brought Democrats to power in 2006 , and the Tea Party movement that helped Republicans take the the White House 2010 , might be replaced by    fervor all around . November 2018 will concentrate minds .    is n’t rocket science , or    chess . Sometimes you simply lose a round to win in the end . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was Joel B. Pollak one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new Joel B. Pollak , How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Joel B. Pollak at @joelpollak . 
 