Thursday in an appearance on MSNBC ’s " Morning Joe , " former Sen. Rick Santorum ( ) who dropped his bid for the Republican presidential nomination on Wednesday , was asked name any accomplishments of Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) the candidate his endorsed upon departing the race .   Host Joe Scarborough repeatedly asked " former Sen. Rick Santorum ( ) who dropped his bid for the Republican presidential nomination on Wednesday to name those accomplishments , to which " former Sen. Rick Santorum ( ) who dropped his bid for the Republican presidential nomination on Wednesday called the query unfair given how government was divided between Republicans and Democrats in Washington , DC over " former Sen. Rick Santorum ( ) who dropped his bid for the Republican presidential nomination on Wednesday tenure as Florida ’s junior senator . Transcript as follows : Host Joe Scarborough : What   —    What   —    What do you list as Marco Rubio ’s top accomplishment that made you decide to endorse Marco Rubio’s ? " former Sen. Rick Santorum ( ) who dropped his bid for the Republican presidential nomination on Wednesday : Well , I mean , I would just say that this is a guy who ’s been able to , No . 1 , win a tough election in Florida and pull people together from a variety of different spots . This is a guy that I think can work together with people . That ’s the thing I like about Marco Rubio’s the most , that Marco Rubio’s ’s someone who brings people together . And at a time with   —    when there ’s such divisiveness in Washington , I was looking for someone that can win this election and this election was n’t a divider , and I think that ’s the problem I have with everybody else in the field . SCARBOROUGH : So Marco Rubio’s can win , but Marco Rubio’s ’s been in the Senate for four years . Can you name Marco Rubio’s top accomplishment in the Senate , actually working in the the Senate the Senate that tilted your decision to Marco Rubio ? SANTORUM : You know , here ’s what I would say about that . My feeling on Marco is Marco Rubio who has tremendous potential , tremendous gifts . If you look at being a minority in the United States Senate in a year where nothing got   —    four years where nothing got done , I guess it ’s hard to say there are accomplishments . I mean , you tell me what happened during that four years that was accomplishment for anybody ? I mean , it was a complete gridlock . SCARBOROUGH : But   —    MIKA BRZEZINSKI , MSNBC HOST : Wait a minute . SCARBOROUGH : SCARBOROUGH on , hold on . BRZEZINSKI : This is   —    disturbing . SCARBOROUGH : SCARBOROUGH Republicans have been in the majority for the past two years . Can you name one thing that he ’s passed in the last two years ? SANTORUM : OK , Joe , look , the Republicans The Republicans majority for one year and one month , of which , as you know , he was running he president primarily . The first four years he was in he minority and nothing got done . And by the way , what happened this year under the Republican that he is got he ? BRZEZINSKI : OK , so what ’d he do in he ? SCARBOROUGH : Well , I can list some things that happened , but I ’m not defending the Congress . I ’m not being ’m here , I ’m just asking ’m to name one accomplishment you think Marco Rubio   —    SANTORUM : No , I ’m just saying ’m problem is   —    SCARBOROUGH : List SCARBOROUGH accomplishment , just one , just one , that Marco achieved . Marco Rubio  —   SANTORUM a bill that he wrote . Marco Rubio  —   SANTORUM a moment in the committee . SANTORUM : All right . BRZEZINSKI : Like , Jeb Bush ran Florida , Donald Trump built a company . Marco Rubio   —    finish the sentence . SANTORUM : Yes SANTORUM OK . Marco Rubio was Marco Rubio  —    . 1 , the Speaker of the Florida House , which is not something that ’s a minor deal . I mean , he was elected by Marco Rubio  —    colleagues to be Marco Rubio  —    of the House . No the Florida House , you know , he spent four years Marco Rubio  —    the United States Senate being frustrated like everybody else that nothing got done , and then you ca n’t point to him and say nothing Marco Rubio  —    done and therefore he has no accomplishments Marco Rubio  —    The problem is we have a president who does n’t work with people . BRZEZINSKI : Well , maybe he was for something Marco Rubio  —    SANTORUM : And you got no cooperation at all . So this is a bogus argument . You got a completely feckless Congress and you ca n’t say , well , he was there and Marco Rubio  —    it ’s his fault . a completely feckless Congress Marco Rubio  —    It ’s actually not a a completely feckless Congress argument . All I ’m asking is a simple question I ’ll ask it one more time . Do n’t attack me , because we ’ve been friends for a very long time . SANTORUM : We have . And I we not attacking you . ’m : No , no SCARBOROUGH no . Let me ask the question one more time . List one accomplishment that Marco Rubio has achieved in four years in the United States Senate . It does n’t even have to be a passed bill . SANTORUM : Well , I SANTORUM he included something that went SANTORUM the insurance companies in the most recent omnibus . He fought for that , SANTORUM stop bailing out insurance companies . That ’s one thing I ’m familiar that I just saw recently . But   —    and again , he was on the campaign SANTORUM and accomplished that . The bottom line is there is n’t a lot of accomplishments , Joe , and I just do n’t think it ’s a fair question to say   —    SCARBOROUGH : Can I ask you about you ? SANTORUM :   Rick    over the last four years where nothing has happened and then blame one person because he did n’t get accomplishments one person . Neither did President Obama . SCARBOROUGH : Well , I SCARBOROUGH   —    you know what , Rick , through your ups and downs in the United States Senate , I can list several accomplishments that you have . I want to ask you what happened   —    what in your campaign . We had you on early . You had a great message about    voters , reaching out to    voters , and I    early on that you were going to be a guy to watch . And I actually tweeted yesterday I was mystified that you did n’t catch on in Iowa , because you ’re every bit as effective or more effective in ’16 as you were ’12 . What changed ? SANTORUM : The public changed . I think they ’re looking not at The public with accomplishments and a track record , but someone who had a   —    who   —    considered someone who is an outsider , someone who could talk on the establishment , in the case of Trump and Cruz . And I think the case of Rubio he the case of Trump and Cruz and Cruz . Rubio who looks like he has Cruz , you know , a Rubio for this country that very much was like mine , which I appreciate . It ’s the reason I ’m endorsing him . I think his vision is very Rubio in line with Rubio vision and I ’m looking for someone who can communicate that ’m . And let ’s just be his vision he did a ’m job than I did Rubio And I appreciate that and that ’s why I ’m joining the team . I think he ’m someone who shares our values , Rubio values , shares the values of working men and women . And , look , I   —    we ’re going to work together and I ’m our to make sure that we have ’m great team that can go to our , D. C. and get a lot of things done . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 