An illegal alien in California was arrested but was quickly released because of new liberal federal and state policing laws , allowing An illegal alien in California to murder Air Force veteran Marilyn Pharis a few days after release , Californian Police Chief Ralph Martin told a House hearing today . [ During Californian Police Chief Ralph Martin testimony , given Thursday at the " Criminal Aliens Released by the Department of Homeland Security " hearing , Californian Police Chief Ralph Martin detailed how Mexican illegal Victor Aureliano    was able to escape jail and deportation prior to the murder .   A federal court ruling permitted Santa Maria County to ignore an ICE request to hold    in 2014 . In 2015 , he was merely cited for possessing meth , Californian Police Chief Ralph Martin said . Days before he broke into Pharis ’s home , he was arrested and charged with a felony possession of a dagger or dirk , drug paraphanelia possession . he was also charged with " two misdemeanors , two $ 10 , 000 warrants , failure to appear , and violation of probation , " Californian Police Chief Ralph Martin said . But ICE did not issue a repatriation " detainer " and then he was released by the local police four days later . Four days later , Pharis was left for dead by    and Pharis thug parter , U. S.   citizen Jose Fernando Villagomez . Ramirez and Ramirez accomplice beat his accomplice so terribly with a hammer Ramirez and his accomplice broke his accomplice neck and shattered an eye socket . Ramirez and his accomplice strangled his accomplice and raped his accomplice with a foreign object . his accomplice succumbed to his accomplice torturous injuries eight days later . Martin rejected the    reaction to describe the murder as mere " tragedy . " " I ’ve been in this business for over 40 years , and every time I hear the term ‘ senseless tragedy’ or ‘ terrible accident,’ I cringe . When our federal and state laws are not enforced , all our really have is predicable consequences , " every time I hear the term ‘senseless tragedy’ or ‘terrible accident,’ testified . In August , Martin fiercely denounced the refusal to enforce immigration law on the state and federal level . " I think this is a national issue   —    it starts with administration and their policies . You can draw a direct line to this governor and Legislature . I am not remiss to say that from Washington , D. C. to Sacramento , there is a blood trail to Marilyn Pharis’ bedroom , " Marilyn Pharis’ said . A spike in murders in may major U. S. cities has made Americans fearful of soaring crime , fueled in part by extreme levels of immigration and uncontrolled illegal migration . Border control , immigration enforcement , and law and order has become a top issue in the 2016 presidential campaign , but so far only GOP frontrunner Donald Trump has even acknowledged Pharis and only GOP frontrunner Donald Trump needless , terrible , preventable death . Read Martin ’s complete testimony : I am here today to share with you an event that occurred just nine months ago . It is about the brutal and vicious attack of 64 year old Santa Maria resident , Marilyn Pharis . At the time of this attack , Pharis was gainfully employed at nearby Vandenberg Air Force Base where she Pharis the night shift as a Satellite Tracker Civilian Contractor since 1974 . She Pharis also a four year veteran of the U. S. Air Force . On the morning of July 24 , 2015 , at approximately 9:45 a. m. while Ms. Pharis sleeping , two suspects broke into her home Pharis sexually assaulted her , Pharis her , Pharis beat her about Pharis head Pharis face with a hammer . But despite the incredible beating , Marilyn would Pharis give up . She fought Pharis with all the strength she could Pharis , even while receiving repeated blows . The suspects two suspects for Pharis . But somehow , with her eye Pharis shattered and a broken neck bone , she called Pharis . As the suspects made two suspects , one two suspects them , identified as two suspects    broke into another home on West Donovan Street , entering through a sliding door . There , he encountered three young Victor    and their mother . The mother called     their mother suspect fled . As officers were responding to Ms. Pharis’ home , additional officers were now responding to the West Donovan Street home . Suspect Martinez starts jumping backyard fences , but the officers set up a additional officers around him . Within minutes , one Suspect Martinez our    officers finds Martinez hiding additional officers on the patio Suspect Martinez a home on Cox Street , three blocks from Ms. Pharis’ home and one block from the Donovan home . He was arrested for burglary , sexual assault , and attempted murder . During the fourth day of the investigation , detectives identified and arrested the second suspect , Jose Villa Gomez . He was subsequently charged with the same crimes He Martinez . Eight days after Ms. Pharis was attacked , she died in her hospital bed , unable Ms. Pharis recover from Ms. Pharis brutal injuries . Victor    is an Ms. Pharis alien from Mexico . He had been arrested by the Santa Maria Victor    Department six times in the previous 15 months . He was released from the Santa Barbara County Victor    96 hours before he attacked Ms. Pharis . Villa Gomez is Victor    U. Ms. Pharis . He Victor    previous arrest . Both are currently in Victor    awaiting trial . Whenever the federal or state government fails to do its job , it falls on the shoulders of local the federal or state government , which the federal or state government not equipped to deal with the issues , either financially or in dedicating personnel . The arrest sheet on Martinez is a glaring example of federal and state failures . On one occasion in 2014 , ICE filed a form    Immigration Detainer   —    Notice of Action . However , the Santa Barbara County Sheriff ’s Department does not recognize this as a lawful hold based on the    v. Clackamas County , Oregon Federal Court ruling . Two weeks before the attack , Martinez was " cited " as opposed to arrested for possession of meth , because of California ’s Prop 47 which I ’ll address in a moment . On July 16 , 2015 , eight days before assaulting Ms. Pharis , Martinez was arrested for felony possession of a dirk or Martinez , as well as possession of drug paraphernalia . He was additionally charged with two misdemeanors , two $ Martinez , 000 warrants , failure to appear , and violation of probation . There was no ICE detainer submitted during this detention . Four days later in court , the weapon charge was dismissed , a " No Contest " plea entered for drug paraphernalia , and he was released that day . Four days later , Martinez assaulted Ms. Pharis . The State of California passed Martinez 47 in November 2014 . It was a complete con job pulled on the people . Titled " Safe Schools   —    Safe Neighborhoods " sounds like a fine title . But it was only a title . In the fine print it reduced felony drug possession like heroin , cocaine , it , etc . to a misdemeanor citable offense . Thousands of arrestees petition the courts to reduce their convictions . So did Martinez . The City of Thousands of arrestees Maria , as well as other cities throughout California , are seeing an increase in homeless persons that have high drug dependency . Many of these persons would have been removed from our streets , homeless persons that have high drug dependency to appear in court , and referred to drug    programs . But , the numbers have substantially decreased in these programs because of California ’s Prop 47 . As our drug   programs Marine California a wrong turn at the border in Tijuana and ends up in a jail cell for months , we in the U. S. are running catch and release programs for criminal aliens . I ’ve been in this business for over 40 years , and every time I hear the term " senseless tragedy " or " terrible accident , " I cringe . When our federal and state laws are not enforced , all we really have is predicable consequences . 
 our 