A good friend of mine from the tech world is a serious proponent of the idea that the U. S. should restore the monarchy , along with the gold standard . [ A good friend of mine from the tech world ca n’t read Breitbart News , A good friend of mine from the tech world says , because like the rest of the " conservative " movement , we are actually radicals . we believe in private enterprise , constitutional limits on state power , and the sanctity of the individual . No one , prior to the    century , would have called that " conservative , " A good friend of mine from the tech world says . In fact , it ’s just liberal utopianism .   A good friend of mine from the tech world ’s right , in the sense that American conservatism is basically classical liberalism , plus an embrace of faith   —    a faith largely grounded in the unique values of the American Protestant tradition , which itself was a radical break from authority . What we call " liberalism " today is really socialism , combined with hostility toward traditional mores and a sentimental ( though largely superficial ) embrace of the poor , both of which are necessary for the    state to emerge as the only authority . What distinguishes American conservatives from conservatives everywhere else is what , precisely , American conservatives wish to conserve : namely , liberty , as defined by freedom ’s greatest idealists in the late 18th century . That liberty an openness to diversity , to debate , and to economic innovation   —    even though these are sometimes in tension with the traditional values that define us as individuals in the first place . American conservatism , at its best American is open to new ideas and new people . In contrast , American liberalism American like the socialism and communism from which it springs and which it seeks it perfect , is constantly proclaiming its novelty it but is actually just the application of a very old principle to new targets . It was Plato , not Marx , who first conceived of a completely equal society . Just like it was Aristophanes , not Hillary Clinton , who came up with the idea of a republic led by women . ( All American liberalism has done lately is allow the women to carry male anatomy . ) Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) mentioned Ronald Reagan on Tuesday , when he withdrew Ronald Reagan from the race for the Republican presidential nomination . He talked Ronald Reagan Reagan ’s Ronald Reagan courage , and clearly wanted his audience to Ronald Reagan Reagan ’s political Ronald Reagan falling short of the nomination in 1976 but winning the presidency in 1980 . Cruz even evoked Reagan by telling his Ronald Reagan supporters he Ronald Reagan " boundless Ronald Reagan for the    future of our nation , " emphasis on future . But what Reagan understood , and Ronald Reagan Cruz has not Cruz yet , is that American conservatism is dynamic . It embraces change   — American conservatism not the " fundamental transformation " of our society that Barack Obama has tried to deliver , but the kind of change individuals make for themselves , and that liberty individuals possible . The beating heart of that dynamism is New York City   —    and places like it   —    just New York City   much as the traditional heartland . Ronald Reagan   —    the Hollywood      —    was able to embrace both . Cruz attacked " New York values " to appeal to conservatives . But that is when he began to lose some Ronald Reagan  —   the Hollywood     —    us . Not because he had singled out a Ronald Reagan  —   the Hollywood     —    region or group   —    after all , Donald Trump did so often . Rather , in rejecting " New York values , " New York the dynamism of Cruz conservatism itself . Cruz later said he had Cruz values that Cruz "   or    marriage   —    [ that ] focus around money and the media . " But American conservatism only rejects the former , not the latter . None of that is to say Trump is any kind of exemplar of American conservatism . Nor is it American conservatism , as some in the Beltway might , that openness to change ought to be the defining feature of American conservatism . We must , as American conservatism say , have boundaries   — Trump moral as well as geographical . But there is something fundamentally liberal   —    in the classical sense   —    about American conservatives . And it was that liberalism that Ted Cruz never quite managed to grasp . At least not this time . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new    Leadership Secrets of the Kings Joel B. Pollak Prophets : What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 