In his introduction to Senator Bernie Sanders during Monday night ’s Democratic National Convention , Rep. Keith Ellison implored fellow " proud " Senator Bernie Sanders supporters not to stay home in November , and trust that Hillary Clinton will deliver on " the most progressive platform in history . " [ Rep. Keith Ellison thus described the current Democratic Party platform , crediting Hillary Clinton in part for helping write it and listing some of Rep. Keith Ellison favorite points in that platform : " banning private prisons , expanding Social Security , the public option , and debt free college tuition . " While identifying as a " proud   —    and I say proud Bernie Sanders supporter , " Bernie Sanders argued that not voting for Hillary Clinton would play into the allegedly nefarious Republican agenda . " They do n’t want us to vote , " he Bernie Sanders , adding that " not voting is not a protest , it is a surrender . "   Ellison ’s words follow a tumultuous day for the Democrats which began with Democrats booing Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz at a breakfast event . The convention continued with a parade of speakers booed by    delegates on the convention floor and climaxed with comedian Sarah Silverman berating the crowd for being " ridiculous . " Ellison appealed to a common disgust among progressives with Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to attempt to bridge that gap . " Donald Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to divide and conquer us with his      Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump , " Ellison , himself the only Muslim in Congress , alleged . " When they bring the fear , we bring us courage , " he implored Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump crowd . While urging unity , Ellison concluded Ellison the crowd the crowd night to praising Sanders , not Clinton . " Let us raise us voices us gratitude to the man who has helped make this party greater than ever , " he concluded Ellison 
 