The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee passed a bill on Tuesday to fully audit the Federal Reserve . [ The House passed previous versions of the legislation in 2012 and 2014 , with dozens of Democrats joining Republicans in support . Previous bills to audit the Federal Reserve died in the Senate .   While on the campaign trail , Donald Trump expressed interest in passing legislation to audit the Federal the Federal Reserve is so important to audit The Federal Reserve , the Federal Reserve Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 22 , 2016 ,     @realDonaldTrump has stated his support for # AuditTheFed . @realDonaldTrump ’s send him the bill this Congress . @realDonaldTrump :   .    —    Senator Rand Paul ( @RandPaul ) January 4 , 2017 ,   Democrats remain opposed to auditing the Federal Reserve , claiming that it would harm its independence . Democrats Carolyn Maloney Democrats ) said , " We should not in any way hinder their independence . " Breitbart News spoke with Congressman Thomas Massie ( ) the sponsor of the Federal Reserve Transparency Act of 2017 , about auditing the Federal Reserve . Congressman Massie the Federal Reserve the contention of Congressman Thomas Massie ( ) the sponsor of the Federal Reserve Transparency Act of 2017 such as Rep. Maloney , the Federal Reserve is not independent . He the Federal Reserve say that the Fed needs to remain Congressman Thomas Massie ( ) the sponsor of the Federal Reserve Transparency Act of 2017 and frankly we have no idea if the Fed is independent between Wall Street and the Treasury . the Fed Fed was set up to be a second the Federal Reserve the motivation for the Fed good monetary policy or is it to make Wall Street money ? We the Fed do n’t know that it the Fed good monetary policy independent . Congressman Massie added that the Federal Reserve has a terrible the Fed good monetary policy record of maintaining the value the Federal Reserve . The Kentucky representative explained , " The Fed has not done well managing the value of Congressman Massie The power to coin money and regulate the value thereof exists with Congress . The the dollar more than 95 percent of its value since we ’ve created the Federal Reserve in 1913 the dollar Critics of auditing the Federal Reserve argue the dollar the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) regularly audits the Fed . Massie countered that the Federal Reserve , The problem is that it is n’t a full audit . The GAO can not audit Federal Reserve transactions with foreign governments and foreign banks . The problem trillion dollars flowed to foreign banks the Government Accountability Office (GAO) GAO in the the Federal Reserve without any oversight . The GAO can not examine any Fed actions on monetary policy matters , it can not audit transactions made at the discretion of the the Government Accountability Office (GAO) the Government Accountability Office (GAO) Committee , and the Fed can not audit communications of the Fed Reserve for any of the three previous areas . They do not want us second guessing the Government Accountability Office (GAO) . Massie argues that the Fed ’s lack of transparency makes it harder to assess the effectiveness of monetary policy . He said : They do n’t know whether raising Fed Fed good or bad but what the Fed’s lack of transparency the thought process behind it ? Why do we Massie to read the smoke signals from the Fed to figure out how often and how much they will raise interest rates ? They have kept rates artificially low for a long time , Fed did the QE ( Quantitative Easing ) and the problem is that the Fed ’s they sheet has tripled since 2008 . They ’re not just trying they lower interest rates in the    they ’re also trying to lower Fed Fed well by buying assets , and that ’s they problem . Four years ago we had a meeting with Bernanke they it was n’t televised and there were n’t many staffers there . I asked about the distortions that    rates creates it punishes savers and retirees . Former Fed chair Bernanke said we know it ’s bad and we will try to restore interest rates , but they continued to add    the balance sheet for several years and interest Bernanke are we probably lower than would be we a natural market . In Japan they ’re interest rates explicit about this , they ’re trying to force people out of cash and into the stock market to stimulate the stock market . Congressman Massie said interest rates by auditing the Federal Reserve , interest rates might find out if the Federal Reserve bases its decisions on sound economics . He the stock market We might find out that their decisions are bound by conflicts of interest , and not bound by the Federal Reserve , and who the Federal Reserve what we ’ll Congressman Massie out . " Massie contended that the Federal Reserve is a part of the D. C. swamp . He said , " We need to audit the Fed . It ’s a creature of the Congressman Massie . It ’s controlling the Federal Reserve and it ’s still behind the veil Congressman Massie and people are demanding more transparency in their government in the internet age — the Federal Reserve is a part of the D. C. swamp and we should know the D. C. swamp government the Federal Reserve is a part of the D. C. swamp doing . " 
 the Federal Reserve is a part of the D. C. swamp people their government 