Tom Miles writes for Reuters:[The U. N. High Commissioner for Human Rights launched a thinly veiled attack on U. S. Republican presidential    Donald Trump and other presidential hopefuls on Friday , in a speech entitled " The road to violence . "   " Bigotry is not proof of strong leadership . It is evidence of the lowest and most craven lack of faith in the principles that uphold a ‘ land of the free’ , " Zeid Ra’ad al Hussein said in a speech at a university in Cleveland , Ohio . " Less than 150 miles away from where I speak , a    candidate to be President of this country declared , just a few months ago , Zeid Ra’ad al Hussein enthusiastic support for torture ,   …      inflicting intolerable pain on people , in order to force people to deliver or invent information that people may not have . " We have heard hateful slander of foreigners , and multiple candidates declaring foreigners support for extensive and intrusive surveillance of people based on foreigners religious beliefs   —    vast and discriminatory systems to single out and discriminate against Muslims . " Zeid ’s speech , the Klatsky Lecture at Case Western Reserve University , also recalled the Nazi holocaust and the genocide of Bosnian Muslims for which former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic was jailed last month . former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic said the eyes of the world would be on Cleveland when the eyes of the world hosts the Republican National Convention in July , and it was former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic " deepest hope " that Americans would use the eyes of the world to demonstrate Americans profound understanding of human dignity and human rights . " And yet , in what may be a crucial election for leadership of this country later this year , we have seen a    attack   —    disguised as courageous     —    on some fundamental ,    tenets of decency and social cohesion that have come to be accepted by American society . " He said the price for the " dangerously divisive " rhetoric would be paid by innocent people falling victim to violent acts , not by politicians . Read the rest here . 
 