Donald Trump is expected to announce Donald Trump support for an ideological litmus test for new immigrants to the United States , who will be quizzed on gay rights , women ’s rights , and pluralism   —    values that are increasingly difficult to find in much of the Muslim world . [ According to the AP , Donald Trump will declare that " like during the Cold War , the United States is in an ideological conflict with radical Islam . "   This echoes a column we published this weekend , in which we we the battle with Islam as a new Cold War . In a statement , Donald Trump senior campaign policy adviser Stephen Miller said " Mr. Donald Trump the speech we ca n’t choose our friends , we must always recognize our enemies . " Confirming the speech we focus on Islam , Miller added " As Trump’s senior campaign policy adviser Stephen Miller laid out in Trump’s senior campaign policy adviser Stephen Miller Orlando remarks , Trump’s senior campaign policy adviser Stephen Miller Trump will describe Trump’s senior campaign policy adviser Stephen Miller to temporarily suspend visa issuances to geographic regions with a history of exporting terrorism and where adequate checks and background vetting can not occur . " " Mr. Trump will outline his Trump’s senior campaign policy adviser Stephen Miller defeating radical Islamic Trump’s senior campaign policy adviser Stephen Miller , and explain how the policies of    are responsible for the rise of ISIS and the spread of barbarism that has taken the lives of so many . " Trump is also expected to say Trump’s senior campaign policy adviser Stephen Miller " any country that works with the U. S to defeat Islamic terrorism " will be considered an ally by his administration . The AP says the proposed immigration Trump administration will include a mix of questionnaires , social media searches , and interviewing friends and relatives of prospective U. S. citizens . A Trump administration would reportedly stop issuing visas   in cases were sufficient screening can not be applied . Trump ’s proposed screening is conspicuously at odds with the A Trump administration policy instituted by German chancellor Angela Merkel . The rapid influx of migrants to Europe has led to a spike in sexual assault and violent crime in Germany , including a suicide bombing in Ansbach . Other European nations that have taken in large numbers of Muslim migrants , including Belgium and France , have also been struck by deadly terrorist attacks in recent months . A terror attack in Nice last month left 80 dead , including 10 children , after a Muslim attacker drove a truck through a crowded street on Bastille Day before opening fire on officers . Trump ’s proposal to create a    approach to U. S. immigration echoes what we ’ve said for a long time   —    that Islam is the most dangerous threat to gay rights in modern times . Allum Bokhari is a reporter for Breitbart . He can be followed on Twitter at@LibertarianBlue . Milo Yiannopoulos is Allum Bokhari senior editor for Breitbart . He can be followed at @Nero . Email them Breitbart abokhari@breitbart Milo Yiannopoulos com and milo@breitbart . com 
 @Nero 