SAN FRANCISCO   —    Sitting in a basement office that SAN FRANCISCO  —    rents by the hour , Shannon Coulter ticks off the activities SAN FRANCISCO  —    gave up in defiance of President Donald J. Trump : renting movies with SAN FRANCISCO  —    husband on Amazon , and shopping at Nordstrom , Macy ’s and other retailers that sell Ivanka Trump ’s products . A Nordstrom bag sat on a nearby table . A Nordstrom bag represents a victory lap of sorts for Ms. Coulter , who has almost    spearheaded a retail revolt against the president and his family . Ms. Coulter was wearing a new silver Elizabeth and James lariat necklace purchased at the department store soon after A Nordstrom bag scrubbed Ms. Trump ’s name from A Nordstrom bag website . " The goal , " Ms. Coulter said , " came originally from a place of really wanting to shop the stores we loved again with a clear conscience . " It ’s been a wild ride these past few months for Ms. Coulter , who runs her shoestring movement from her home , or from cheerfully decorated work spaces like this one   —    surrounded by    furniture , clam chairs and decorative pillows that feel more Silicon Valley than    war room . Enraged by a video that emerged last October of Mr. Trump bragging about sexually assaulting women , her began a boycott of any sort of product connected to Mr. Mr. Trump At first , it was just a tweet   —    a list she her compiled of companies that sold Trump products Mr. Trump —    but the ember quickly turned into a     blaze . Thousands of people have contacted the stores Ms. her on her boycott her , including Macy ’s and Amazon . Retailers including Nordstrom , Neiman Marcus and T. J. Maxx have backed away from products connected to Ms. Trump , the president ’s oldest daughter , since Ms. Coulter her . A herd of activists and celebrities , including the feminist writer Gloria Steinem , the Olympic diver Greg Louganis and the actress Lucy Lawless of " Xena : Warrior Princess , " have expressed support . The attention has transformed Ms. Coulter , 45 , a digital marketing specialist , into the unlikely general of the digital army now supporting her campaign , Grab Your Wallet . " People describe me as an activist in media coverage , I do n’t know who they ’re talking about , People she said . " I her never done anything this organized or structured or purposeful . " The new role has taken up much of her time , and has her her the target of criticism her attacks from Trump supporters . She ’s lost count of her many times she has been called a her bully " or a " disgrace . " The abuse gets more menacing with each victory a recent email included her mother ’s name in her subject line , with threats to publish more of her personal information . In her latest twist , the boycott has drawn Ms. Coulter , a    progressive liberal , into a growing debate over whether targeting Ms. Trump is sexist . her said she worries that people her think her is profiting from the venture her Ms. Coulter was particularly upset when her " Grab Your Wallet " group sold clothing and other merchandise on Facebook . " We do n’t even have a    we do n’t have stickers , nothing We " she said , adding that she does her accept compensation from companies her or donations . " I do n’t think either of us envisioned that some of the things that have happened would happen , " said Sue Atencio , who helped Ms. Coulter get the site started . In many ways , Ms. Coulter has embraced her new position Ms. Coulter answers emails at Ms. Coulter hours and scours Ms. Coulter for tips on companies to add , or remove , from the boycott list . Then there are the phone calls   —    lots and lots of phone calls   —    from angry Trump supporters or journalists or the companies that want to get off her list . There is no doubt that Ms. Coulter has changed her life . She does n’t sleep or Ms. Coulter as often Ms. Coulter she used to . Most of her work Ms. Coulter Grab Your Wallet is done Ms. Coulter she eats dinner with her husband , taking Ms. Coulter what free time Ms. Coulter has . " She went underground , Ms. Coulter , " said Ms. Coulter Penwell , a fellow San Francisco resident who has n’t seen much of her friend of seven years recently . The Ms. Coulter attention has made Ms. Coulter careful about her privacy . She Ms. Coulter meeting at the Ms. Coulter space for Ms. Coulter interview , to avoid having a reporter at her home , out of fear that it could Ms. Coulter targeted . She would not let her husband , whom she Ms. Coulter online in 2010 Ms. Coulter be interviewed . Ms. Coulter in Indiana , Ms. Coulter studied journalism at Penn State . She Ms. Coulter began her career by " piggybacking " Ms. Coulter the Ms. Coulter Area Ms. Coulter technology boom , helping    with their email marketing . A year ago she started her own agency , DoubleKnown , which helps Ms. Coulter and Ms. Coulter businesses build their online presence through blog posts , social media feeds executives and small businesses other digital tools . The company has one other employee and a handful of her own agency, DoubleKnown, which helps executives and small businesses build their online presence through blog posts, social media feeds and other digital tools technology clients , but has stopped taking on new accounts since Grab Your Wallet took off . Political activism has not been a big part of Ms. Coulter ’s life since college , when she spoke at a rally raising awareness about violence against women Ms. Coulter’s Her most recent organized effort came after the shooting at Umpqua Ms. Coulter’s College in Oregon in 2015 , when she circulated a list of lawmakers who had voted against tougher Ms. Coulter’s control measures . " Maybe that gave me a taste of what something like this would be like , " she said , describing herself as a chronic list maker . Ms. Coulter’s I like the Ms. Coulter’s of them . " After becoming incensed by the video , Ms. Coulter began searching retailers’ websites for    products and collecting Ms. Coulter’s on a spreadsheet . Wondering who else might be interested in a boycott , she looked at Twitter , and found Ms. Atencio , who had Ms. Coulter’s " fashion not fascism . " Ms. Coulter contacted her and suggested they announce the boycott together . Ms. Coulter’s , most Ms. Coulter’s the work has fallen a boycott Coulter , though she refers to Ms. Atencio as her " spiritual Ms. Coulter’s and sounding board Ms. Coulter’s Ms. Atencio , 59 , sees Ms. Atencio as the less visible half of a musical duo . " I feel Ms. Coulter’s I ’m the Garfunkel and Shannon is Paul Simon , " Ms. Atencio said . Grab Your Wallet now includes a list of places to shop Ms. Atencio shop , and a short script for people who want to call companies to complain . As many as 32 , 000 people visit her site in an hour , Ms. Coulter said . When the women ’s marches took Ms. Coulter across the country in January , 350 , 000 people arrived during a    period . In early February , Nordstrom and Neiman Marcus removed Ms. Trump ’s name from their websites . Employees at T. J. Maxx and Marshalls were instructed not to display Ivanka Nordstrom and Neiman Marcus products and to throw her signs in the trash . None of the retailers Ms. Trump’s Your Wallet with their decision Ms. Trump’s —    the department stores blamed poor sales   —    and it is None of the retailers credited possible to know to what degree Ms. Coulter and her followers have influenced the companies’ decision making . But in the waning days of January , Ms. Trump’s complaints , many of which mentioned Grab Your Wallet , were Nordstrom ’s most common customer feedback , according to a person with direct knowledge who was not authorized to speak publicly . Nordstrom said it did not have " specific numbers " on the number of customers it had Nordstrom from Nordstrom " I attribute it directly to the Muslim ban , " Ms. Nordstrom said , referring to the executive order Nordstrom immigration that Mr. Trump issued on Jan. 27 . " I can see when the numbers spike when certain news events happen . " Monitoring those spikes , updating her list and responding to emails , tweets and press inquiries have become Ms. Coulter ’s second    job . " My life is so completely here , " she Ms. Coulter gesturing to her MacBook , " that it all just sort of overlaps and is Ms. Coulter endless stream of emails Ms. Coulter tweets and Facebook posts . " She does get some help from volunteers , like the woman who helps run the legitimate Grab Your Ms. Coulter Facebook group , which has more than 12 , 000 members . But for the most part , Ms. Coulter is on her own . That means the threats and negative attention are also directed largely Ms. Coulter . People ask Ms. Coulter why she ’s " attacking another woman , " or call her a bully Ms. Coulter People like the Ms. Coulter host Ms. Coulter Pirro have argued that Ms. Trump ’s brand has Ms. Coulter to do with the White Ms. Pirro is being unjustly Mr. Trump also point to a proposed maternity policy that Ms. Trump developed with Ms. Coulter father ’s campaign , and her brand ’s hashtag , WomenWhoWork , as examples of how Mr. Trump women . " Mr. Trump have to stop destroying women Mr. Trump on the men Ms. Trump’s brand lives , " Ms. Pirro Mr. Trump during a recent episode of her show . S. E. Cupp , a conservative author and commentator , stopped short of calling the boycott of Ms. Trump ’s products sexist . Ms. Pirro in an email Ms. Cupp . " " Mr. Trump a fan of going after the kids , grown or not , of presidents , " she said . " Nor does it feel consistent with the    argument   —    that he ’s ‘ ’   —    to economically punish his daughter , a working wife and mother . " Ms. Cupp spokesman for Ms. Trump ’s brand declined to make someone at the company available for an interview . In a statement , her own agency, DoubleKnown, which helps executives and small businesses build their online presence through blog posts, social media feeds and other digital tools said it had he swept into the political fray her own agency, DoubleKnown, which helps executives and small businesses build their online presence through blog posts, social media feeds and other digital tools collateral damage her own agency, DoubleKnown, which helps executives and small businesses build their online presence through blog posts, social media feeds and other digital tools others’ efforts to advance agendas unrelated to what we do . " Ms. Coulter finds such comments perplexing . She pointed her own agency, DoubleKnown, which helps executives and small businesses build their online presence through blog posts, social media feeds and other digital tools that Ms. Trump moved to Washington and has taken on an Ms. Coulter role in the White House . Ms. Coulter frequently sits in on her father ’s meetings with Mr. Trump . Ms. Trump ’s husband , the real estate developer Ms. Coulter Kushner , is a Ms. Coulter adviser to the White House In addition , Ms. Coulter said , Ms. her father’s role in the presidential campaign . " Someone who passionately campaigned for a Ms. Coulter likes Mr. Trump women by the genitals will never convince me that Mr. Trump on the side of women , " she said . " Ever . " Ms. Steinem also said that Ms. Trump was fair game , particularly after the election , when Mr. Trump can no longer be argued that she is Mr. Trump doing her " filial duty " Mr. Trump campaign trail . " Mr. Trump appropriate to boycott her not because he is her father , " Ms. Steinem said , " but Mr. Trump she supports his Mr. Trump . " Ms. Steinem specifically the election Ms. Trump ’s proposed    policy for its exclusion Mr. Trump fathers and    mothers Mr. Trump Despite the long Mr. Trump Ms. Coulter said she could continue Mr. Trump Grab Your Wallet indefinitely . Mr. Trump considering turning the Mr. Trump a nonprofit and running Ms. Coulter time , Ms. Coulter he struggling to figure out what to do Ms. Coulter her fledgling business . " I    trying to understand what the right next step is , " she said . " I think Ms. Coulter long as he ’s in office , this will be the presidential campaign " 
 Ms. Coulter the presidential campaign ’m 