Stephen Miller , a senior policy advisor for Donald Trump , told Breitbart News Daily host Stephen K. Bannon Stephen Miller, a senior policy advisor for Donald Trump was shocked at President Obama ’s response to Donald Trump ’s proposal to end remittances from illegal aliens back to Mexico as a means of curtailing illegal immigration , as it appeared the president was more concerned with Mexico economy than jobs for Americans .   " We ’re financing corruption and cartels in Mexico Mexico " Miller said about remittances . " Far from being compassionate , having illegal immigration and an open border finances failed political systems and violent cartels in Mexico Mexico are spreading economic misery there . Until we remove the release valve of illegal immigration from Mexico Mexico they illegal immigration not going to be able to get their illegal immigration in order . " Obama ’s response to the proposal is summarized here : The implications with respect to ending remittances , from legal immigrants and from individuals sending money back home to their legal immigrants , are enormous . First of all , they ’re impractical . We just talked about the difficulties of trying to enforce huge outflows of capital . The notion we We going to track every Western Union of money sent to Mexico —   good luck with that . " " Then we ’ve got the issue of the implications for the Mexican economy , " he that . " Which in turn , if it ’s collapsing , sends more immigrants north because they more immigrants n’t find jobs back in Mexico Mexico " Can you imagine the president of any other country saying , well first of all , we ca n’t touch illegal immigration into our country because other countries need the money ? " Miller said . Miller Miller chastised the media : " The press corp would shred like if the Italian Prime Minister said that , or if the the Italian Prime Minister that   …      On the substance , it is important to remind everybody that we ’ve tried the open borders experiment for decades now . It goes without saying that it ’s been catastrophic It Americans in terms of crime , cartels , drugs , jobs , wages , strains on public resources   —    it ’s been an unmitigated disaster of almost unimaginable proportions . " Miller also insisted the Trump campaign is on track to gain the delegates needed to secure the Republican nomination prior to the Cleveland convention . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00AM to 9:00AM EST . Listen to the full interview with Stephen Miller below : Miller 