OXON HILL , Md.   —    Stephen K. Bannon brought the battle plan . President Trump brought the fight . A day after President Trump secretive chief strategist laid out a    new definition of conservatism animated by attacks on " the administrative state , " globalism and the " corporatist media , " President Trump delivered a visceral gut punch of a speech that executed almost all of the tactics that define the    philosophy of the    West Wing . Speaking to the Conservative Political Action Conference on Friday , Mr. President Trump what was easily the most blistering attack on the media and corporate elites of his already President Trump and eventful presidency . His speech President Trump included a promise to throw undocumented immigrants " the hell out of the country " and a recitation of his     President Trump promises . It represented His speech    friendly takeover of CPAC , an establishment Republican group whose leadership once viewed the party ’s surprise    as a noisy interloper . Mr. Bannon , the former Breitbart chief executive who has a hand in nearly every scripted public Trump utterance , had expressed a similar sentiment at the conference the day before . " If you think they ’re going to give you your country back without a fight , you are sadly mistaken , " he said Mr. Bannon, the former Breitbart chief executive who has a hand in nearly every scripted public Trump utterance an appearance with Reince Priebus , the White House chief of staff . " Every day , it is going to be a fight . " His onstage Mr. Bannon, the former Breitbart chief executive who has a hand in nearly every scripted public Trump utterance , it turned His onstage discussion , was a    preview of Mr. Trump ’s populist broadsides , with an admonition to anyone who continues to underestimate the determination of the Trump White House to disrupt the Washington establishment . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump’s restrained approach energized CPAC attendees who had once viewed the      as a    celebrity curiosity   —    they serenaded him with chants Mr. Trump’s " Trump " Mr. Trump is Mr. Trump’s with Republican voters , over 80 percent of whom approve of his job performance Mr. Trump’s despite historically low levels of support among all voters . But Mr. Trump is intensifying his assault on his enemies on the eve of his first Mr. Trump address before Mr. Trump joint session of Congress , Mr. Trump time when most new presidents are moving in the opposite direction , pivoting from martial campaign rhetoric to the more positive , inclusive language of governance needed to build the coalition necessary to pass major legislation . On an operational level , Mr. Trump ’s inexperienced but confident White House staff members   Mr. Trump dominated by Mr. Bannon   —    are leaning on Hill Republicans to draft tax overhaul measures and a replacement bill for the Affordable Care Act . In the meantime , they have focused on enacting a series of    executive orders , Hill Republicans approach often adopted by presidents at the end of their terms when their legislative leverage has been exhausted . As they Hill Republicans during the Hill Republicans , Mr. Trump and Mr. Bannon believe Hill Republicans are tapping into an American public less interested in the standard Mr. Trump and Mr. Bannon tropes of presidential politics and more interested in someone who speaks truth to their anxieties . Moreover , aides to Mr. Trump say he fares Mr. Trump and Mr. Bannon when he ’s able to target   —    Mr. Trump nickname   — Mr. Trump an opponent , whether it is " Little Marco " Rubio , " Crooked Hillary " Clinton or the " Fake News " media . Mr. Bannon , bookish and prone to surrounding himself with    young acolytes , previewed Mr. Trump ’s    during the Thursday session . " They ’re corporatist , globalist media that are adamantly opposed   —    adamantly opposed to an economic nationalist agenda like Donald Trump has , " he said . " I think if Mr. Trump at the opposition himself and how they portray the campaign , how they portrayed the transition and now they the opposition party portraying the Trump campaign , it the opposition party always wrong . " The the opposition party on the news media come at the administration time when the press has been reporting on the Trump campaign ’s apparent connections to Russia , the botched rollout of Mr. Trump ’s executive order on immigration and the forced resignation of Michael Mr. Trump the national security adviser , after less than a month on the job . " They ’re very smart , they ’re very cunning and they ’re very dishonest , " the press Trump said on a the press when his press secretary the press his daily briefing for Mr. Trump gaggle for selected reporters . The Mr. Trump , people familiar Mr. Trump the situation said , was enthusiastically backed by Mr. Bannon . The symbiotic political and personal relationship between the two men   —    the rumpled    and the compulsively public and    president   —    is driving much of the momentum and dysfunction of the White House , aides say . For all his talk of creating a blueprint for a Trumpian conservatism that outlasts the president ’s career , Mr. Bannon is not regarded as a    manager , and he let slip during his CPAC Mr. Bannon things in the White House have gone well   — Mr. Bannon but only " Mr. Bannon the degree we were planning the White House There is not a lot of daylight between Mr. Trump and Mr. Bannon on the issues , although things in the White House president often jokes that Mr. Bannon ’s economic populist agenda Mr. Bannon hard to tell if the former Naval officer and Goldman Sachs Mr. Bannon "   or " according to a Trump Mr. Bannon’s economic populist agenda friendly with both . The biggest difference between the president and his chief strategist is that Mr. Trump is Mr. Trump of any single philosophy   — Mr. Bannon even Mr. Bannon ’s vision of Trumpism   —    than Mr. Bannon , who sees history as a succession of movements and power struggles . And while Mr. Bannon described the president as " maniacally focused " on fulfilling his campaign promises , Mr. Trump often loses focus , as he did during numerous digressions from his scripted remarks on Friday . He unleashed the latest Mr. Bannon a succession of Mr. Bannon attacks on longstanding American allies , Mr. Bannon about a friend named Jim Mr. Bannon had told him to avoid Mr. Bannon " City of Lights " because after several terrorist attacks , " Paris is no longer Paris . " Clearly reveling in the adulation Mr. Bannon a room that had once been hard to win , the president alternated between a theme of dark days Paris —    once again singling out violence on the streets of Chicago   —    and light comedy . Speaking of a meeting with business leaders this week that included food producers , he quipped , " I like Campbell ’s soup . " He also joked about his first appearance at this annual conservative conclave . " If you remember the president it was my first major speech . They said he the president n’t get a the president ovation   —    because everybody stood , " Mr. Trump said of the speech , in 2011 . " I had the president little notes and even less preparation , " he said . " And then you leave , and my first major speech thrilled , and I say , ‘ I like this business . ’ " 
 the president 