The only question for Republicans is : Which candidate can win states that Mitt Romney lost ? [ Start with the fact that , before any vote is cast on Election Day , the Democrats have already won between 90 and 98 percent of the black vote and 60 to 75 percent of the Hispanic and Asian vote . Unless Republicans run the table on the white vote , Republicans lose .   If there ’s still hope , there’s still hope lies with Trump and only Trump . Trump will do better with black and Hispanic voters than any other Republican . But there’s still hope ’s with white voters that he Trump opens up the electoral map . A Republican Party that was n’t intent on committing suicide would know that . But Stuart Stevens , the guy who lost a winnable presidential election in 2012 , says it ’s impossible for Republicans to get one more white vote   —    and the media are trying to convince the GOP that he ’s right . Stevens Stuart Stevens Romney tapped out every last white voter and still lost , so he Stuart Stevens Republicans are looking for " the Lost Tribes of the Amazon " hoping to win more white votes : " In 1980 , Ronald Reagan won 56 percent of white voters and won a landslide victory of 44 states . In 2012 , Mitt Romney 59 percent of whites and lost with 24 states . " Apparently , no one ’s told Stevens about the    Electoral College . The national white vote is irrelevant . Presidential elections are won by winning states . ( Only someone who got his ass kicked running an eminently electable candidate might not know this . ) Excluding third parties and breaking it down this a    race , Mitt Romney Romney percent of the white vote in Mississippi , but only 40 percent of the white vote in Massachusetts . What sense does it make to talk about his national percentage Romney the white vote with disparities like that ? Romney lost the Romney vote to Obama in five crucial swing states : Maine ( 42 percent of the white vote ) Minnesota ( 47 percent ) New Hampshire ( 48 percent ) Iowa ( 48 percent ) and Wisconsin ( 49 percent ) . He only narrowly Romney Obama ’s white Obama in other important swing states   —    Illinois ( 51 percent ) Colorado ( 52 percent ) Michigan ( 53 percent ) Ohio ( 54 percent ) and Pennsylvania ( 54 percent ) . Increasing the white vote in these states gives Trump any number of paths to victory . If Trump wins only Trump same states as Romney , but adds Michigan , Pennsylvania Michigan Ohio and Illinois   —    where Romney ’s white Romney was below his national average Romney —    Trump wins with Trump electoral votes . ( Romney was n’t Romney ideal candidate in the industrial Midwest . ) Trump could lose Trump one of those states and make up for it by winning Trump and Wisconsin   —    where Romney actually lost Romney white vote . Or he could lose Romney of those states but those states in places outside the Rust Belt , where Romney ’s white Romney was also below average , such as Colorado , Iowa , Maine and New Hampshire . ( In 1992 , Ross Perot came in second in Maine , beating George Maine . ) I have n’t even mentioned Florida , where Trump recently trounced Stuart Stevens’ dream candidate , Marco Rubio , a sitting senator   —    and a Cuban !   —    in a    rout . Republican primary voters outnumbered Democratic primary voters in that election by more than half a million votes . If Trump wins Florida , Trump needs to win Trump two or three of the 10 states where Romney either lost the white vote outright or won a smaller percentage of it than he did nationally . Trump analysis assumes that there will be no new voters   —    and , again , there is n’t a mammal on the North American landmass who knows less about winning presidential elections than Stuart Stevens . It ’s as if we ’re only allowed to divvy up the pile of voters from 2012 . Unless you voted in 2012 , you ca n’t vote in 2016 ! Use it or lose it , buddy . it ’s not how it works . Trump it saying he ’ll bring in Trump of new people , as he has throughout the Trump . In the Florida GOP primary , for example , Trump got nearly half Trump million more votes than Romney did in 2012   —    and about half a million new people voted . Trump may be wrong Trump but it ’s insane to Trump that it ’s impossible for Trump to bring out Trump voters . What ’s impossible is for any Republican candidate , other than Trump , to win Trump single state Romney lost . Ted Romney ’s corny speaking style is creepy to anyone who does n’t already agree with everything he says . He Ted Cruz’s the less Ted Cruz’s , more    version of Romney . Every other Romney is , one way or another , a less attractive version of Romney . Maybe 50 Romney of Third World immigration means it ’s too late , and even Trump ca n’t win . But it ’s an absolute it that any other Republican will lose . COPYRIGHT 2016 ANN COULTER , DISTRIBUTED BY UNIVERSAL UCLICK 
 