The Museum of Contemporary Art in Finland has debuted a     GIF , hoping to keep the exhibition going until 3017 . [ The exhibition , which was launched late last month , is titled As Long As Possible ( ASLAP ) and counts up from one to 48 , 140 , 288   —    displaying a new number frame ever ten minutes .    " [ Creator Juhan ] Van Ingen , admits that this is a very optimistic art work as this relies on future generations taking responsibility for this . However , Creator Juhan] Van Ingen hopes this ‘ small digital candle’ will shine for the next 1 , 000 years , " reported The Next Web this week . " After the exhibition ends The Next Web will play in their archives for as long as possible   …      The ASLAP file will run simultaneously on several synchronised physical playback units at different locations . Also , if a unit happens to be destroyed in a major catastrophe , like war or natural disaster , a new physical unit will be built and synchronized with the others . " " But wait , there ’s more , " the others continued . " In the case of all playback units being destroyed there ’s a backup stowed away in a special time capsule . a special time capsule contains the original GIF , description of ASLAP , all the specification of GIF as a format , and even printed copies of the code to generate a new file . " The exhibition also features several still images of the GIF at different points . In other art news , following Donald Trump ’s election as President of the United States of America , actor Shia LaBeouf launched an art exhibit titled " He actor Shia LaBeouf Not Divide Us " in protest . The exhibit , which consisted of a wall in New York City with a    livestreaming camera attached to it , where people could go and chant against Trump Donald Trump’s was intended to last for four years . However , after four location changes due to    from Trump Donald Trump’s , trolls from 4Chan , and violence from LaBeouf himself , the The exhibit, which consisted of a wall in New York City with a   livestreaming camera attached to it, where people could go and chant against Trump closed down indefinitely just several months after its launch The exhibit, which consisted of a wall in New York City with a   livestreaming camera attached to it, where people could go and chant against Trump In October , the Museum of Modern Art in New York City also added the world ’s first set of emojis to their prestigious art collection , while in 2012 , the museum the Museum of Modern Art in New York City revolutionary video game titles to their collection , their games which held an artistic significance . Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter Charlie Nash or like his page at Charlie Nash .  
 