Nigel Farage has been shortlisted for TIME magazine ’s ‘ Person of the Year’ award . [ The former UK Independence Party leader is one of eleven contenders for the accolade , along with    Donald Trump and The former UK Independence Party leader electoral opponent Hillary Clinton , in a shortlist drawn up by the magazine ’s editors .   the Year’ award is handed to the person deemed to have most influenced the news during the year , for better or for worse . Farage has been nominated for his Farage in bringing about Brexit . " As head of the U. K. Independence Party , Farage Farage a face of the successful campaign for Britain to leave the European Union , positioning the referendum as the start of a global populist wave against the political establishment , " TIME noted in its publicity . Also featured on the list are Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , Olympic gymnast Simone Biles , and the CRISPR Scientists who have developed a    technique to edit DNA which TIME said " has the potential to transform science and the human experience , as it could be used to find and remove mutations responsible for incurable diseases " . The results will be announced on Wednesday . Mr. Farage has said that 2016 will be remembered as the year the " little people decided they the "little people assert themselves the "little people could actually beat the establishment " the Evening Standard has reported . Visiting Sleaford for Thursday ’s    in which the Conservatives are defending a majority of 24 , 000 , Mr. Mr. Farage to predict whether the UKIP candidate Victoria Ayling was in with a chance of winning . " I do n’t know , it ’s the UKIP candidate Victoria Ayling was in with a chance of winning , why predict anything ? " he asked Mr. Farage " Only an idiot predicts things in 2016 because it ’s been so full of upsets . " It ’s a big opportunity for voters to say to the Prime Minister : We voted voters Brexit , we did voters vote for hard Brexit Brexit Brexit voters vote for soft Brexit , Brexit Brexit Brexit   …      Brexit you please get on with it . " 
 Brexit 