WASHINGTON ( AP )   —    The " stamina , " the " look " : A new poll suggests voters are buying into Donald Trump ’s insinuations about Hillary Clinton ’s health . voters ’re ignoring the medical reports .   Voters   —    especially men   —    have more confidence that Donald Trump is healthy enough for the presidency than Hillary Clinton’s , according to the Associated    poll . It ’s a disconnect considering Hillary Clinton’s has released more medical information than Donald Trump , and that outside doctors who ’ve looked at the available data say both candidates seem fine . But It shows the political points Donald Trump scored after the Democratic nominee ’s    mild case of pneumonia . Another gender divide : Nearly half of women but just 4 in 10 men think Hillary Clinton’s health is getting too much attention , found the poll , which was taken before the presidential candidates’ debate on Monday . " Everybody gets sick , " said Sherri Smart She said she has n’t decided who to Smart for Smart wishes the candidates would discuss issues instead of sniping about who ’s most vigorous . " What ’s important is , what are you going to do for me ? " Smart said . The    Smart found 51 percent of voters are very or extremely confident that Trump is healthy enough to be president . In contrast , just over a third of voters   —    36 percent   —    had the same confidence in Clinton ’s health . Men are more likely to question Clinton ’s physical fitness for the job , Clinton’s percent saying they ’re only slightly or not at all confident Men to 34 percent of women . Men and women are about equally likely to express confidence in Trump ’s health . More Democrats are confident of Trump ’s health than Republicans are of Clinton ’s Trump’s is a legitimate issue Clinton the nation is poised to elect one of its oldest presidents . Trump , 70 , for months the nation off disclosing much about his own fitness while stoking questions about a woman in Trump, 70, White House with his assertion , repeated on national TV Monday , that Trump, 70, lacks the look and stamina for the Clinton . ( As for his apparent sniffles during Monday ’s debate , he blamed Trump, 70, bad microphone . Monday Stamina is Trump, 70, code word for maybe not physically up to the job , " said New York University bioethicist Arthur Caplan the job has called for an independent panel to certify the health of presidential candidates . " There ’s something of a bias about men versus women that subtly Trump has played to , that men are more fit , tough enough to do the job . " Clinton , 68 , last year released more the job her own health history only to buy trouble earlier this month by refusing Clinton take a sick day until a public stumble forced her to reveal the pneumonia diagnosis . But Monday she rebutted Trump ’s Clinton of stamina by wondering if he could match Clinton grueling schedule as a secretary of state   —    traveling to Clinton countries , negotiating peace deals , spending 11 hours testifying before a congressional committee . What exactly do we know about their health ? Neither has released their actual medical records , just a summary from their personal physicians with their way to know if anything important was left their . Yet another disconnect : The    poll found nearly 4 in 10 voters do n’t consider such a release important , and another 2 in 10 say it ’s only moderately important . Trump ’s gastroenterologist in December released a    letter saying the GOP nominee would be " the healthiest individual ever elected . " Earlier this month , Trump took to " The Dr. Oz Show " to say he felt Trump’s , while releasing a bit more detail , such as Trump’s cholesterol levels and cancer screenings . Bottom line : Trump takes a Trump’s statin medication and a baby aspirin , has some Trump’s plaque in his arteries and is overweight   —    but was declared generally in Trump’s health . Last summer , Clinton ’s internist released a    letter detailing her family history , prior exams including lab test results , and some Clinton ailments that have healed   —    including a 2012 concussion and blood clot Clinton suffered after becoming dehydrated from a stomach virus and fainting . This Clinton , a second letter outlined the mild pneumonia and revealed some updated    results . Bottom line : Clinton takes a blood thinner as a precaution given a history of blood Clinton , as well as a thyroid medication and allergy relievers   —    but also was declared generally in good health . Some doctors say just watching how the candidates handle a physically demanding campaign trail and the cognitive finesse needed to debate can give voters a good idea of health . But while the public may not pay attention to cholesterol tests and EKGs , it was hard to miss that image of Clinton stumbling . " The public is feeding off the impressions they ’ve received , but that the public borne out by the letters of the public , " said Dr. Howard Selinger , chair of family medicine at Quinnipiac University . _ _ _ , The    Poll of 1 , 694 adults , including 1 , 476 registered voters , was conducted online Sept.    using a sample drawn from GfK ’s    KnowledgePanel , which is designed to be representative of the U. S. population . The margin of sampling error for all respondents is plus or minus 2 . 5 percentage points , and for registered voters is plus or minus 2 . 7 percentage points . Respondents were first selected randomly using telephone or mail survey methods and later interviewed online . People selected for KnowledgePanel who did n’t have access to the internet were provided access for free .    Poll results : 
 