Michelle Fields suggests Dave Aronberg , the prosecutor who dropped battery charges against Corey Lewandowski , may have a conflict of interest that , if she were in his shoes , would have led to recusal from the case . [ From the Daily Beast :   Fields suggested that Palm Beach County District Attorney Dave Aronberg ’s decision not to prosecute Lewandowski after police charged and arrested Lewandowski was unethical and motivated by personal concerns . This is because Palm Beach County District Attorney Dave Aronberg and Palm Beach County District Attorney Dave Aronberg wife Lynn , a former Miami Dolphins cheerleader who owns a public relations firm , have been frequent visitors to Trump ’s private club ,     and that Palm Beach County District Attorney Dave Aronberg has posted numerous photos of herself Palm Beach County District Attorney Dave Aronberg with Donald and Melania Trump on her Palm Beach County District Attorney Dave Aronberg page and company web site . " If my Palm Beach County District Attorney Dave Aronberg trying to monetize her relationship Palm Beach County District Attorney Dave Aronberg Donald Trump , " Fields told Stelter , " I would recuse myself from Palm Beach County District Attorney Dave Aronberg situation and the case . " Fields added : " The entire situations just seem to me a Palm Beach County District Attorney Dave Aronberg sketchy   …     She ’s Palm Beach County District Attorney Dave Aronberg      …     all the time . On her firm Palm Beach County District Attorney Dave Aronberg web site   …     the first picture is her and Palm Beach County District Attorney Dave Aronberg Trump Donald Trump and Palm Beach County District Attorney Dave Aronberg . " Fields insisted that , contrary to claims by Trump and Aronberg Donald Trump office , she never Palm Beach County District Attorney Dave Aronberg the candidate , who moved his right arm away from her in Palm Beach County District Attorney Dave Aronberg to retrieve a pen from his jacket pocket his order to sign autographs as he made his his out his the golf club ballroom . She also Palm Beach County District Attorney Dave Aronberg out that Aronberg ’s office , far from conducting the thorough investigation that was promised , did n’t even interview the main witness to the grabbing incident , Washington Post reporter Ben Terris . Read the rest of the story here . 
 