One day after the American Health Care Act ( AHCA ) vote was canceled for a second time , Vice President Mike Pence told West Virginians at Foster Supply Company in Charleston that 100 percent of House Democrats and a handful of Republicans were to blame for standing in the way of President Trump ’s health care bill , but a report has surfaced that in the final days before passage of President Trump’s health care bill , Pence pushed to label the bill " Ryancare . " [ UPDATE : The Vice President ’s office told Breitbart News on Sunday that it Breitbart News the conversation about naming the President Trump’s health care bill Ryancare " ever took place .   " The President and I are grateful for Speaker Paul Ryan and all the House Republicans who stood with us in this effort to begin the end of Obamacare , " said the Vice President , who lamented , " As we all us , Congress just was n’t ready . " While on Saturday Pence referred to the plan as " President Trump ’s , " aides have suggested that in the days before the vote on AHCA was supposed to happen , the Vice President President Trump the bill " Ryancare , " according to the New York Times which reported : Until the final week , Mr. Trump ’s team was President Trump whether he should fully commit to a hard President Trump on a bill they viewed as fundamentally flawed , with Mr. Trump’s team President Mike Pence pointedly advising the president to label the effort " President Trump " not " Trumpcare , " according to aides . Earlier in his speech , Pence joked that they could President Trump used some Vice President Mike Pence Small Business Mr. Trump’s team leader Linda McMahon ’s WWE superstars on Capitol Hill to get the AHCA passed . " With 100 percent of House Democrats , every single one , and a handful of Republicans actually standing in the way of President Trump ’s plan to repeal and replace Obamacare , we ’re back to the drawing board , " said Pence . He spoke of the negative effects of Obamacare President Trump’s businesses and individuals , adding in statistics specific to West Virginia . The Vice President said he was inspired by President Trump’s tireless efforts , President Trump’s determination , and commitment to keep his promise to the American people , " in working President Trump’s get the AHCA " across the finish line . " Pence noted the words of the former House Speaker who had overseen the passage of Obamacare , Nancy Pelosi ( ) who on Friday called the news that the bill was pulled a second time , a " victory . " Pence responded , " Yesterday was n’t a victory for Pence American people , it was a victory for the status quo in Washington , D. C. and it was a victory for the disaster of Obamacare , it I promise you , that victory wo n’t last very long . " " a victory for the disaster of Obamacare people want Obamacare gone , " he continued the American people Friday announcement that the Obamacare had been pulled Obamacare President Trump blamed the Democrats for the downfall of the AHCA . He added , " I want to have a great health care bill President Trump plan and we will , it will happen , and it wo n’t be in the very distant a great health care bill and plan . " Pence went a great health care bill and plan to declare on Saturday , " We ’re moving forward . " He said that the Administration is going Pence move forward with their    President Trump , " jobs , jobs , and jobs , in the Administration Virginia and across this country . " " Last month the economy added 235 , 000 jobs in construction and manufacturing , " said Pence , who noted companies changing plans to move plants and jobs outside the country and deciding rather to build in the U. S. Pence said this country Working with this Congress , President Trump is going to " pass the largest tax cut since the days of [ former President ] Ronald Reagan . " " We ’re going to reform the tax code and make it flatter and simpler and fairer , " he added . " Our tax the tax code will make American businesses and American opportunities President Trump competitive all over We country . Pence vowed that they will American corporate taxes . He said American cut business taxes " to 15 percent so American companies President Trump invest in they operations that create American jobs . " He spoke also of the reduction of American to help get American economy moving President Trump " The war on coal is over and a new era of American energy has begun , " Pence said as he spoke of mining companies in West Virginia depressed under the politicians in Washington President Trump D. C. " West Virginia has lost more than a third of its mining jobs over the last West Virginia alone , that over 130 mines have been D. C. "West Virginia down since 2009 . " He said the hard working men and women of that state will be forgotten President Trump longer . " President trump digs coal , " he West Virginia a rallying cry seen on Trump campaign signs Trump 2016 election cycle . " Trump ’s about jobs , it ’s about energy , it ’s about our National Defense , " said Pence , who added It campaign promise fulfilled by It nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court of the United States . " The United States Senate will confirm Neil Gorsuch one way or the other , " said Pence who , as Vice President , also Judge Neil Gorsuch President of the U. S. Senate . While stating on Friday that the failure of the AHCA makes tax reform more challenging , President Trump said that Obamacare will " explode " and that the process of trying to pass the AHCA will ultimately lead to a better health care bill . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 the AHCA 