Over 20 immigrant workers are claiming a case of wrongful termination from a Michigan car factory after 20 immigrant workers skipped work to participate in the    " Day Without Immigrants " rally in February , the Detroit Free Press reports . [ The former employees of EZ Industrial Solutions , an auto parts manufacturer based in Detroit , have taken The former employees of EZ Industrial Solutions, an auto parts manufacturer based in Detroit case to the National Labor Relations Board ( NLRB ) on grounds that The former employees of EZ Industrial Solutions, an auto parts manufacturer based in Detroit were wrongfully fired for participating in a political protest .   The complaint claims that the employees , who were nearly all women from Mexico and Central America , were " coercively questioned " by the employees, who were nearly all women from Mexico and Central America employer about the employees, who were nearly all women from Mexico and Central America plans to participate , and were originally warned the employees, who were nearly all women from Mexico and Central America would only be suspended for one week . However , the employees, who were nearly all women from Mexico and Central America denies the allegations , saying that their the employees, who were nearly all women from Mexico and Central America was within the confines of the law . In a statement to the Detroit Free Press , EZ Industrial Solutions operations manager Jordan Yoder said : The the law quite clear that employees ca n’t just not show up to work when they ’re employees , and also that they are employees free to participate in political ,    related protests during their work employees without consequences . We therefore deny any wrongdoing and are confident that the charge will be dismissed . Meanwhile , the workers’ lawyer , Tony Paris , who filed the complaint on their behalf , contended that the firing goes against normal company practices . " Workers would n’t be punished for not calling in because they do Workers have to do that anyway , " Paris told the Free Press , adding that the employer had a relaxed work schedule whereby employees could drop in and out as they pleased employees He also claimed the workers might have been targeted because of their ethnicity the workers given the company Paris majority white senior management team compared with a largely immigrant workforce . The rally attended by the employees took place in Grand Rapids , Michigan , as participants celebrated the contribution of illegal immigrants and protested the immigration policies of the Trump administration . The NLRB is currently reviewing the complaint , and it will now The NLRB sent to its D. C. The NLRB for further review . You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart Ben Kew com 
 