WASHINGTON   —    In President Trump ’s world , boring is disruptive . After    weeks of gleefully setting the WASHINGTON establishment ablaze and declaring a new war with virtually every public utterance , President Trump’s took the radical step on Tuesday night of delivering a soothing comfort food of an address to a jittery Congress and skeptical public . For the first time since his President Trump’s in January , Mr. President Trump’s to accept the fetters of formality and tradition that define and dignify the presidency . And while he touched President Trump’s all of the    elements of the economic nationalist agenda that has impelled his executive President Trump’s and calls for " revolution , " Mr. Trump President Trump’s blunter rhetorical ax and , for once , delivered on his promise to President Trump’s the Reagan Republican dialect of optimism and reconciliation . Why the sudden shift ? Numbers . Mr. Trump ’s President Trump’s the worst for any new president in recorded history   —    between 38 and 50 percent at a time when many presidents are in the 60s . Slamming the news media or    demonstrators energizes his base , but it ’s hard to move his base higher in the polls without making a less partisan pitch . The other key statistic spurring his     adjustment : $ his billion , the amount of federal funding he hopes to siphon from his departments to increase spending at the Pentagon   —    a budget proposal that is already    on arrival , judging from its lukewarm reception on Capitol    this week . Presidents , even those commanding comfortable majorities in both houses , need to get Congress in line , and the only way to do that is to declare peace . Here are five takeaways from the most presidential speech Mr. Trump has ever given   —    delivered at precisely the moment he needed to project sobriety Mr. Trump seriousness of purpose and   . The    between Tuesday ’s temperate Mr. Trump and the everyday Mr. Trump was striking , Mr. Trump it mildly . " The time for trivial fights is over , " said Mr. Trump , a man who spent the first 48 hours of his presidency bickering about the size Mr. Trump the inauguration crowd . While that statement was meant as a challenge to his establishment critics , it also Mr. Trump as if he that statement coaching himself . All Mr. Trump the previous Mr. Trump speeches delivered by Mr. Trump , from his nomination address in Cleveland last Mr. Trump to his    inaugural speech , had Mr. Trump gloomy ,     quality . His aides promised a Ronald    Mr. Trump of America ’s future in the days leading up to his   . What he delivered Mr. Trump thanks to his Mr. Trump team of Stephen Miller Mr. Trump Stephen K. Bannon , was an invocation of " American carnage . " Since his    Mr. Trump roved the Mr. Trump and Twitter , lashing out at anyone who opposed him , and many people who Mr. Trump n’t . In just the past couple of weeks , the president has reiterated his description Mr. Trump news outlets as Mr. Trump enemies of the American people , " while taking his shots at Paris , Sweden , Mr. Trump Democrats , the F. B. I. government leakers , President Barack Obama and his own communications staff , among other Mr. Trump . But on Tuesday , the president rolled the dice , and went for nice . In style , if not substance , Mr. Trump delivered an address that nearly any of his Republican primary opponents   —    Mr. Trump he once savaged as establishment stooges   Mr. Trump    might have delivered had they been standing at the rostrum . nearly any of his Republican primary opponents  —   whom he once savaged as establishment stooges  —    That torch is now in our hands , " Mr. Trump said within the first few Mr. Trump his speech , echoing , if not entirely Mr. Trump , the wispy mountaintop oratory of more polished predecessors like Mr. Obama and Mr. Reagan . " And we will use it to light up the our . I the rostrum here tonight to deliver a message of unity and strength , and it is a message deeply delivered from my heart . " Mr. Trump has made immense progress sticking to Mr. Trump , but Wednesday is a new day , and the presidential Twitter finger gets itchy in the middle of the week . The big question is whether his unifying tone represents the mythical ,    pivot Mr. Trump   —    or was just part of a    speech efficiently delivered by a gifted politician learning his new trade . Mr. Trump has been criticized Mr. Trump his sluggish response to violence and vandalism against Jews Mr. Trump blacks and Muslims during his presidency . But the opening words of his Mr. Trump were dedicated to tolerance and inclusion . Mr. Trump Recent threats targeting Jewish community centers and vandalism of Jewish cemeteries , as well as last week ’s shooting in Kansas City , " he said , " remind us that while we Mr. Trump be a nation divided on policies , us are a country that stands united in condemning us and evil in all of its very ugly forms . " Again , it ’s hard to say if his statement reflected its genuine change of approach . Mr. Trump Trump and some allies have suggested that recent    episodes might be    attempts by his opponents to embarrass him . But his words Mr. Trump welcomed in the Mr. Trump chamber , Mr. Trump by some of the most sustained applause of the evening . The polls have not been especially kind to Mr. Trump lately , but there is one distinct bright spot : 56 percent of voters in a    Consult poll released on Tuesday said that Mr. Trump was following through on his campaign promises Mr. Trump is no small matter for Mr. Trump president eager to prove he ’s no mere talker . For all its messaging Mr. Trump personnel and operational struggles , Mr. Trump ’s team has relentlessly executed a branding strategy Mr. Trump the image of a man of action fighting against gridlocked and corrupt Washington elites . Every day , Mr. Trump appears before the cameras where he is shown doing stuff Mr. Trump executive orders or convening panels of Mr. Trump , labor or political leaders . " It ’s been a little over a month since my inauguration , and I want to take this moment to update the nation on the progress I ’ve made in keeping those promises , " he said , taking an extended bow for saving jobs at several factories Mr. Trump the country , renegotiating defense contracts , scrapping the    Partnership , greenlighting two new fuel pipelines and cracking down on illegal immigration and criminal foreigners . Never mind that Mr. Obama , the man Mr. Trump says left him " a mess " to clean up , had accomplished much more at this point in his term   —    including the stimulus package and a gender    him . For all his newfound civility and message discipline , Mr. Trump cares most about this him   —    proving he is him president at a time when his administration is being portrayed him the media as    adrift and   . him president ’s speech had admirable length ( it clocked in at just over 60 minutes ) the requisite number of ovations The president’s speech about 90 , and a succession of punchy pronouncements . What it did n’t have was very much of an explanation on how Mr. Trump The president’s speech to govern . There were hardly any details about his proposals on the    items that will most likely define his first term Mr. Trump That included his Obamacare     pledge , his plan to Mr. Trump the tax code , the Mr. Trump infrastructure package he ’s Mr. Trump to ram through , or even his plan to shovel $ Mr. Trump billion into the Defense Department . Cracking down Mr. Trump illegal immigration is the central pillar of Mr. Trump ’s    popularity with white    voters , so much so that it was the subject of his most decisive action thus far as president : the bungled rollout of his Mr. Trump order barring migrants from seven predominantly Muslim nations . But Mr. Trump Mr. Trump his team sent out some seriously mixed messages in the hours Mr. Trump . " We will soon begin the construction of a great , great wall along our southern border , " Mr. Trump Trump declared , to the delight of many Republicans in the hall Mr. Trump who gave him a hearty standing ovation . But earlier , in a    with some of the country ’s Mr. Trump news anchors , the president seemed to soften his the country as he has done the president in private , suggesting the president legal status be granted to millions of undocumented immigrants who have not committed serious crimes . Immigration    led by his attorney general , Jeff Sessions , have long considered such a stance " amnesty . " Mr. Trump never brought up the topic again   —    and did n’t Mr. Trump his prior reference to legalizing undocumented immigrants   —    raising questions about what position Mr. Trump ’ll stake out in negotiations with Congress . 
 Congress Mr. Trump 