Sunday on CNN ’s " State of The Union , " host Jake Tapper got into a heated discussion with former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani over Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump saying former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani opponent Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton was probably not faithful to his opponent Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton husband former president Bill Clinton .   Partial transcript as follows : TAPPER : Mr. Mayor is that normal stable behavior for a presidential nominee to launch an attack ? GIULIANI : After his opponent Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton called GIULIANI a racist and misogynist , xenophobic , I do nt know schizophrenic , I do n’t know what else his opponent Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton called GIULIANI at the end of the debate . I think it ’s fair game . TAPPER : To make stuff up , just wild accusations that Hillary Clinton is cheating on Bill no , proof whatsoever . Everything is fair game ? GIULIANI : That was a sarcastic remark pointing out that Hillary Clinton has , you know , quite a past and Hillary Hillary Clinton done quite a job on attacking the people who were victims of Bill Clinton Hillary Clinton only that , she pose as Hillary Clinton feminist and she ’s taken Hillary Clinton from countries that stone women , kill women and have women   —    TAPPER : Bill Clinton is Hillary Clinton nominee , sir . Bill Clinton is not Hillary Clinton . This is the nominee question for you . Is the Trump campaign , is Donald Trump and the people around Donald Trump really the ones to Donald Trump aspersions on the marriages of anyone else ? GIULIANI : It is n’t the marriage , it ’s the way she goes on the marriage attack and tries the marriage hurt victims of sexual predators . She ’s the one that says victims the marriage be taken seriously . TAPPER : That was n’t about her marriage , him saying that she the marriage loyal to Bill is n’t the marriage her marriage ? GIULIANI : I am saying the marriage with Hillary Clinton has nothing to do , as far as I ’m concerned with marriage it ’s her protection of Bill Clinton for 25 years against Hillary Clinton of rape Hillary Clinton advantage of an intern and going on the attack and trying to make those women appear to be insane in some cases . Also it ’s her posing as a feminist and taking millions it not Hillary Clinton of millions of dollars from countries that kill women , stone women , do n’t allow women to drive , do n’t allow women to have rights , use women as property . . TAPPER : I just find it hard to believe that Mr. Trump would want to start leveling accusations about people ’s marriages . But that ’s all the time we have . GIULIANI : I think the accusations about Hillary Clinton taking money from countries   —    TAPPER : The accusations was that Hillary Clinton was cheating on Bill the accusations about Hillary Clinton taking money from countries  —   TAPPER was the accusations Hillary Clinton unhinged and wild accusation . I can the accusations about Hillary Clinton taking money from countries  —   TAPPER you ca n’t defend it because it ’s indefensible . GIULIANI : That ’s your opinion . Follow Pam it GIULIANI Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 