Chicago ’s ABC affiliate suspended a popular local sportsman for attacking both President Donald Trump and America itself on Twitter by calling Trump a " cartoon lunatic " and America " a country full of simpletons . " [   sportsman Mark Giangreco raised eyebrows after last Sunday ’s mini tirade on Twitter , and by Thursday employer    announced that the sportscaster was suspended saying in a statement , " Sports anchor Mark Giangreco ’s Twitter comments are not in line with ABC 7 Chicago ’s    editorial standards . We ’ve reviewed the matter and are taking the appropriate action . "   According to Chicago media blogger Robert Feder , "Sports anchor Mark Giangreco suspension starts Monday . Feder Chicago media blogger Robert Feder reports that Giangreco , who has been a TV sportsman in Chicago Chicago 35 years , will be suspended without pay for " multiple weeks . " Neither Giangreco "Sports anchor Mark Giangreco his Chicago media blogger Robert Feder is willing to comment at this time . ABC also did not release any further details aside from its ABC statement that action was being taken . The sportsman ’s tweet was in reply to a tweet by Canadian sports columnist Bruce Arthur who on February 19 tweeted , " Donald Trump : a hateful ignorant corrupt simpleton supported by 87 % of Republicans . " Whereas the Canadian columnist focused on attacking Republicans , Giangreco went even further by attacking America itself by tweeting in reply , " @brucearthur so obvious , so disturbing . America America as a country full of simpletons who allowed this cartoon lunatic to be ‘ elected’ . " Giangreco Giangreco tried to delete the tweet but not before ChicagoCityWire . com took a screen shot of the reply and posted it a screen shot of the reply The Chicago sportsman ’s scare quotes around the word " elected " alludes to his The Chicago sportsman that the president was not elected legitimately . But as ChicagoCityWire ChicagoCityWire , Giangreco Giangreco n’t bother to vote in 2016 . According to state records , Giangreco did Giangreco bother to vote in 2010 , 2012 , 2014 , or 2016 . This is far from the only time Giangreco has Giangreco in trouble for his conduct Giangreco In 2014 he was Giangreco by his bosses Giangreco putting an offensive graphic on the screen during his coverage Giangreco the Bears . As he reported Giangreco Bears quarterback the Bears Cutler , Giangreco added Giangreco screen graphic reading " Cut him or Giangreco your wrists . " Viewers were upset that the sportsman seemed to be making light of suicide . Giangreco was Giangreco criticized in 2004 for saying that a video clip of fires raging in a city street was just a " typical night for Detroit . " He was Giangreco for a week without pay for the insensitive comment . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 