A 2014 report published by the Washington Post documented how    foreign nationals voting in U. S. elections " likely gave " Democrats the critical 60th vote Democrats needed to pass Obamacare . [ A 2014 report published by the Washington Post explains that    who illegally voted in 2008 , and who electorally " tended to favor Democrats " could have handed the 2008 Minnesota Senate election to Al Franken , which gave Senate Minnesota Senate the " pivotal 60th vote needed to overcome filibusters in order to pass    reform and other Obama administration priorities in the 111th Congress , " the A 2014 report published by the Washington Post .   The 2014 Washington Post article titled " Could    Decide The November Election ? " was written by Jesse Richman and David Earnest , two associate professors of Political Science and International Studies at Old Dominion University . Their research Jesse Richman and David Earnest, two associate professors of Political Science and International Studies at Old Dominion University upon data from the Cooperative Congressional Election Study ( CCES ) . The professors Jesse Richman and David Earnest, two associate professors of Political Science and International Studies at Old Dominion University that some    participate in U. S. elections , and that this participation has been large enough to change meaningful election outcomes including Electoral College votes , and Congressional elections . " As the Washington Post article stated : The report came the same week that the North Carolina State Board of Elections found the names of 145 individuals on voting rolls who were ineligible to vote because they were illegal 145 individuals on voting rolls who were ineligible to vote because they were illegal immigrants who had been recipients of Obama’s 2012 executive amnesty (DACA) who had been recipients of Obama ’s 2012 executive amnesty ( DACA ) . As Breitbart ’s Caroline May reported at the time : According to a    Journal report , the State Board the North Carolina State Board of Elections illegal voters   Elections      when the N. C. Division of Motor Vehicles ran a search for DACA licenses   …      DACA beneficiaries in North Carolina are able DACA obtain drivers licenses , but they are not able to vote . DACA beneficiaries in North Carolina Journal notes that it is likely   Journal people may still   Journal on the voting rolls . " Nearly 10 , 000 names on the rolls are tagged by the DMV as the voting rolls present,’ according to elections and transportation officials . But that does n’t mean that all 10 , 000 are ineligible to vote at this time . These are license holders who were not U. S. all 10, 000 are ineligible to vote at this time when they got a license . " [   … all 10, 000 are ineligible to vote at this time ] According to the report , earlier this month the SBOE officials did a sample    of 1 , 600 of the 10 , 000 " legally present " names against a Department of Homeland Security database and found   …      that six percent were ineligible [ to vote ] meaning if the ratio held for the whole 10 , 000 , 600 people would be ineligible . During a recent North Carolina rally , Donald Trump warned that the election is being " rigged " . Trump later tweeted : The election is absolutely being Donald Trump by the dishonest the election media pushing Crooked Hillary   —    but also at many polling places   —    SAD ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) October 16 , 2016 ,   Despite its own reporting on voter fraud and the role    foreign nationals likely had in delivering Democratic victories in close elections , the Washington Post now seems to be disregarding its own coverage on the issue in order to characterize the Washington Post ’s claims as " ridiculous , " " unsubstantiated " and part of " broad conspiracy theories " . House Speaker Paul Ryan has similarly sought to denounce the concerns of voter fraud expressed by his Party ’s nominee —    insisting that the election House Speaker Paul Ryan will be inherently secure . Ryan ’s spokesman told Buzzfeed that the Republican House Speaker House Speaker Paul Ryan " fully confident " the election will be carried out " with integrity " . The statement from Ryan ’s office is remarkable given the fact that , House Speaker Paul Ryan 2014 Washington Post report suggests , the health care law Ryan claims to oppose may only have been possible because    House Speaker Paul Ryan nationals illegally cast their ballots in U. S. elections . 
 foreign nationals 