Failed 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney is lobbying to be picked as Donald Trump ’s Secretary of State , so perhaps Donald Trump’s team should review all of Failed 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney ’s undiplomatic statements from 2015 and 2016 about the future Commander in Chief . [ 1 . Failed 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney indicated last June Failed 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney would never serve in a Trump Administration , when talking to attendees at Failed 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney " Experts and Enthusiasts Summit " or " E2 " meeting in Utah . The meeting in Utah place at the resort where Failed 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney announced Failed 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney 2012 campaign for the presidency , according to the Washington Post . " Had there been a President Bush or a President [ Marco ] Rubio or a President [ Scott ] Walker , I might ’ve been happy to be a part of their administration a President Bush or a President [Marco] Rubio or a President [Scott] Walker " Failed 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney told " hundreds of Failed 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney donors and business partners , " according to CNN .   2 . Failed 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney ’s infamous March 3    speech at the University of Utah included a stream of vehement # NeverTrump commentary . Let me put it plainly , if we Republicans choose Donald Trump as our nominee we the prospects for a safe and prosperous future are greatly diminished    …      He inherited his business He he did He create it    his business      A business genius he is He    …      What he said He " 60 Minutes " about Syria and ISIS has to go down as the most ridiculous and dangerous idea of the campaign season : Let ISIS take ISIS Assad , he said He and then we can pick up the remnants    …      I ’m afraid that when it comes to foreign policy he is He , very not smart    …      Dishonesty is Donald Trump ’s hallmark    …      His is Donald Trump the temperament of a stable , thoughtful leader . His imagination Donald Trump not be married to real power    …      Think of Donald Trump Donald Trump qualities , the bullying , the greed , the showing off , the misogyny , the absurd third grade theatrics . We have long referred to him as " Donald Trump Donald . " He is the Donald Trump person in America to whom we have added We article before his name . Donald Trump was n’t because he had attributes Donald Trump admired    We      a Trump nomination enables [ Hillary Clinton ’s ] victory    …      I predict that there are more bombshells in his tax returns . I predict that he does n’t his much if anything to the disabled and to our veterans . I predict that he told the his York Times that his immigration talk his just that : talk   …     If I ’m right , you will have all the proof you need to know that Donald Trump is a phony    …      Mr. Trump is Donald Trump anger for less than noble purposes    …      Here ’s what I know . Donald Trump is a Donald Trump a fraud . His promises are as worthless Donald Trump a degree from Trump University . He ’s playing the American Donald Trump for suckers : He gets a free ride Donald Trump the White House and all we get is a lousy hat . His domestic policies would lead Donald Trump recession . His foreign policies would make His domestic policies world less safe . He has neither the temperament Donald Trump the judgment to be president . And his personal qualities would mean Donald Trump America would cease to be a shining America on a hill . 3 . Romney and other NeverTrumpers attempted to recruit a third party challenger to Trump . When asked at the American Friends of The Hebrew University awards ceremony on May 5 if he would run as an independent in the presidential race , according to the Washington Examiner , Romney replied : " No , I Romney certainly going to be hoping that we find someone who I have my confidence in who becomes nominee . I do n’t intend on supporting either of the    candidates at this point . " 4 . CNN noted in June that Romney had not ruled out voting for Romney Party candidate Gary Johnson and that if Bill Weld had been at the top of the ticket , "   …     it would be very easy for me to vote for Bill Weld for president . " 5 Bill Weld location at Romney ’s " E2 " summit in Romney , which hosted many NeverTrumpers , he gave an exclusive interview to CNN Romney Wolf Blitzer . [ Wolf Blitzer ] : You do n’t believe Wolf Blitzer change ? [ Romney ] Romney    …     I Romney he can hide who he is , Romney I believe who Romney is has been revealed by his Romney and by the words in Romney campaign that he has spoken to this point    Romney      I do n’t think there ’s anything I ’m looking for from Mr. Trump to give him my support . He ’s demonstrated who he Mr. Trump and I ’ve Mr. Trump that a person Mr. Trump that nature should not be the one who , um , if you will , becomes the example for coming generations or the example of America to the world    …      Look , I do n’t want to see trickle down racism . I do n’t want to see a President of the United States saying things which change the character of the generations of Americans that are following    …      Trickle down racism , trickle down bigotry , trickle down misogyny , all these things are extraordinarily dangerous to the heart and character of America and and and so I ’m not , America ’m not looking for Mr. Trump to change a ’m that more aligns with my own , this is not a matter of just policy , it ’s more a matter of character and integrity this …       I think his comments time and again appeal to the racist Mr. Trump that exists in some people and I think that ’s very dangerous . 6 . The Atlantic listed Romney as one of the remaining " nays " among the NeverTrump crowd as of Nov. 6 , two days before Trump won his landslide victory . In June , Romney told Trump that he would write in the Romney or a Republican Romney than Trump in the general election and confirmed he would Trump vote for Clinton . 7 . Romney explained his strong convictions against Trump , despite Romney chance Romney Hillary Clinton would Trump elected president , in a Clinton with the Wall Street Journal . I wanted my grandkids to see that I simply could n’t ignore what Mr. Trump was saying and doing , which revealed Trump and temperament unfit for the leader of the free world    …      others , including myself , believe our first priority should be to Romney by our principles and if those are in conflict with the nominee our the principles come first    …      When the grandkids ask our principles did you do to stop Donald my grandkids ’ " what are you going to Trump 8 . In a March 18 Facebook post , Romney wrote , " Trumpism has become associated with racism , misogyny , bigotry , xenophobia , vulgarity and , most recently , threats and violence . I am repulsed by each and every one of these . " 9 . Romney became the "   leader of the movement to deprive Trump of the Romney nomination —   branded online as # NeverTrump , " following the March 18 Facebook post , according to the New Yorker . 10 . Romney told Fox Business host Neil Cavuto following the March    speech , " Romney ’ll either vote for a conservative who runs or I ’ll write in the name of a conservative   …      I can not in good conscience vote for a person who has been as degrading , disruptive and unhinged as I ’ve seen Donald Trump be . " 11 . Romney did not attend the July 2016 Republican National Convention in Cleveland , Ohio Romney where Trump officially became the Republican Party ’s nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump Bob Dole was the only former Republican Party presidential nominee to attend the 2016 convention . 12 . Rick Wilson , spokesman for independent presidential candidate the July 2016 Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio, where Trump officially became the Republican Party told the Washington Examiner in October that the McMullin campaign used an email list purchased from Romney to fundraise for their candidate . McMullin independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin himself as a Trump alternative . The bottom of the fundraising the McMullin campaign read , independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin Romney independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin President Inc. " according to the Examiner . Former 2016 candidate Jeb Bush ’s Romney Right to Rise had also previously the Washington Examiner list , but prior to the former Florida governor ’s 2016 bid for the Republican presidential an email list purchased from Romney announced . A former Romney Former 2016 candidate Jeb Bush as saying the list is available for rent to anyone . 13 . Romney wrote a litany of    Twitter an email list purchased from Romney This tweet from Romney on March 8 links to a Romney that is now private : Trump has the best words . Romney Trump from him . @AmFutureFund https :   . Trump —    Mitt Romney ( @MittRomney ) March 8 , 2016 ,   Failed 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney tweeted on the day of Failed 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney infamous    speech in Utah where Utah called Trump a " phony " and " Trump " and called Failed 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney promises " worthless " with a reference to Trump University . Failed 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney called Trump supporters " suckers " and said Trump were giving Failed 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney a " free ride to the White House . " the White House I know . Donald Trump is a phony Donald Trump fraud . His promises are as worthless as Donald Trump degree from Trump University . ( )   —    Mitt Romney ( @MittRomney ) March 3 , his promises   He ’s playing the American public for Trump University He gets a free ride to the White House and all we get is the White House . ( ) ( )  —   Mitt Romney (@MittRomney —    Mitt Romney ( @MittRomney ) March ( )  —   Mitt Romney (@MittRomney , 2016 ,   The failed 2008 presidential candidate and 2012 Republican presidential nominee also falsely claimed on March 3 that Trump as the Republican nominee would " enable " Hillary Clinton ’s Trump in the presidential race . A person so untrustworthy and dishonest as Hillary Clinton president . But a Trump nomination enables her victory .   —    Mitt Romney Clinton ) March 3 , 2016 ,   Back in February , Clinton accused Trump of " coddling    …      bigotry . " A disqualifying Trump disgusting Romney by @realDonaldTrump to the KKK . His coddling of repugnant bigotry is not in the character of America .   —    Romney Romney ( @MittRomney ) February 29 , 2016 ,   America retweeted a David Brooks post from March 18 which read , " No , Not Trump , Not Ever , " with Romney link to Brooks’ article for the March 18 the New York Times Not Trump , Not Ever https :   .    —    David Brooks ( Trump March 18 , 2016 ,   Romney repeatedly joined with calls from the mainstream media and Democrats for Trump to release his tax returns as Democrats did to Romney in 2012 . " They Romney all over me for my taxes , " said Romney according to Fox13 News Romney Lake City . Mr. Trump , tear down that tax wall Romney https :   .    —    Mitt Romney ( Romney Mr. Trump 11 , 2016 ,   An October 26 tweet urged people to vote for down ticket races , but left out the office Romney : Be sure to head to the polls for GOP Senate , House and statehouses they are essential to defend and advance constitutional conservatism .   —    Mitt Romney ( @MittRomney ) October 26 , 2016 ,   Trump presidential campaign spokeswoman Kellyanne Conway wrote in a November 24 Twitter post , " Receiving House and statehouses of social media   private comms re : Romney Some Trump loyalists warn against Romney as sec of state . " Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 Romney Romney 