( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . President Trump issued new guidelines to rescind    protections for transgender students , overruling President Trump education secretary , who had pushed to keep transgender students in place . The issue caused Mr. Sessions . Mr. Sessions was adamant that the administration move quickly to reverse an order from the Obama administration that allowed transgender students to use the restroom of their gender identity . Ms. DeVos , faced with the choice of resigning or defying the president transgender students dropped her objections , according to insiders . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is en route to Mexico , accompanied by John Kelly , the secretary of Homeland Security , for talks with Mexican officials on trade , security , aid and migration . The meetings are not expected to be pleasant , as Mexico reels from the announcement , a day earlier , of Mr. Trump ’s tough new immigration Mexico . Today ’s episode of our podcast , The Daily , focuses on the new immigration policies . Listen from a computer , on an iOS device or on an Android device . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Most of the activists protesting the Dakota Access oil pipeline left their longtime encampment under orders from the state . Some lit fires as they departed . A the activists protesting the Dakota Access oil pipeline remained and there were several arrests by nightfall . The protesters had been camped out near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation in North Dakota for months , calling for a halt to construction of the nearly completed pipeline . They say it will imperil the water supply . Construction resumed this the Dakota Access oil pipeline ’s backing , and The protesters court a halt to construction of the nearly completed pipeline , oil could be flowing through the pipeline by this spring . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . We unearthed a lawsuit that reveals an the Dakota Access oil pipeline F. operation that existed on a murky frontier   —    between investigating smuggling and being complicit in it . Records and interviews show that agents from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms who were fighting cigarette smuggling filled a secret bank account with millions from their own     operation   —    which revolved around cigarette sales . Tobacco farmers who say they were swindled out agents from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms who were fighting cigarette smuggling $ 24 million filed a lawsuit that has been kept nearly entirely sealed for years . _ _ _ _ _ 5 . The U. S. commander for the Middle East said more American troops would speed the campaign against the Islamic State in Syria . In recent weeks , the Iraqi government recaptured the eastern part of Mosul , a major victory against the Islamic State in Iraq . A New York Times reporter describes a city torn in half . Military figures carry the Islamic State Trump administration , with veterans in the top three security jobs , all from a generation of leaders from the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq . _ _ _ _ _ 6 . The Supreme Court ruled for the defendant in a Texas death penalty case because of testimony laced with Iraq a particularly noxious strain of racial prejudice . " The court required a new sentencing for the defendant , Duane Buck , who was convicted of the murder of a former girlfriend and one of her The Supreme Court The testimony came from a psychologist who said black defendants were more dangerous than white ones . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . The a former girlfriend of Iceland testimony laced with "a particularly noxious strain of racial prejudice international debate with a joke about pineapple on pizza . Gudni Thorlacius Johannesson , above right , was visiting a high school when he joked that the topping should be outlawed . Internet outrage ensued , and it reached such proportions that the president issued a statement on Facebook . He wrote Gudni Thorlacius Johannesson he was glad he did not have the power to make such a Internet outrage , adding that for The president of Iceland he recommends seafood . _ _ _ The president of Iceland _ 8 The president of Iceland We ’re The president of Iceland our    of the best of    comedy . The comics are taking on the usual The president of Iceland , like the pope , the royal family and our president . Here We one from James Corden : " I bet it ’s hard to play golf with Trump , because every time he misses a putt , Kellyanne Conway comes out and explains that he actually won that hole . The comics And our brave tech writer embarked on a daring experiment : Trump news about the president for a week , which was harder Trump it sounds . " Even when I found    news , much of it was interleaved with Trump Trump news effect was something like trying to bite into a     cake without getting any fruit or nuts , " he wrote . _ _    _ _ 9 . It ’s London Fashion Week , and our critic says the runways are all about " the kicky , fearless exuberance of youth ,    in keeping with the city ’s reputation among designers    While New York has sheer numbers , Paris has high art and Milan has big business , London is known for ingenuity . " I think youth culture starts here , " Donatella Versace said . " British people have more courage than the others . " _ _ _ _ London Fashion 10 . Finally , scientists announced a remarkable discovery : a dwarf star that has not one but seven    planets that could potentially harbor life . " I think that we have made a crucial step toward finding if there is life out there , " an astronomer said . _ _ _ _ _ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Briefing , posted at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s Your Evening Briefing did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 