Army Reserve officer Deshauna Barber was crowned Miss USA on Sunday , after Army Reserve officer Deshauna Barber and Army Reserve officer Deshauna Barber fellow contestants answered a series of questions that proved controversial to some viewers on social media . [ The     Miss District of Columbia wooed the crowd with an inspired answer about women ’s role in military combat .   " The Pentagon recently made the decision to open up all combat jobs to women , " judge Joe Zee prompted . " Now , some have questioned whether this has put political correctness over our military ’s ability to perform at the highest level . What are your thoughts ? " Barber replied : " As a woman in the United States Army , I think it was an amazing job by our government to allow women to integrate to every branch of the military . We are just as tough as men . As a commander of my unit , I am powerful . I am dedicated . And it is important that we recognize that gender does not limit us in the United States Army . " Barber graduated from Virginia State University in 2011 and joined the military at the military , according to the Washington Post . Her father reportedly served in Iraq after the September 11 terrorist attacks , and some of her siblings have also Her . " I consider [ military service ] to be a family tradition , " Barber reportedly said in a    interview . " It ’s something that runs through our veins   —    patriotism and service for this country . " Sunday night ’s     segment became increasingly political when first    Miss Hawaii , Chelsea Hardin , was asked if she would vote for Miss Hawaii, Chelsea Hardin Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton or former pageant owner and presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump . The question caused boos to fill the packed auditorium at the    Arena in Las Vegas , Nevada .   Hardin gracefully dodged the question , answering The question : " All The question have to say , it does n’t matter what The question . What we need in the United States is someone who represents those of us who feel like we we n’t have a we . Those of us who want our voices we . We we a president who we push for what is right and who will push for what America really needs . Thank you . " Using the hashtags # MissUSA and # MissHawaiiUSA , social media users wasted no time to share their displeasure at the question social media users # MissUSA should ’ve banned a question like that . Hawaii answered with grace and what she believed in you go Hawaii ! # MissHawaiiUSA ,   —    Katie Montou ( @KayyyTM ) June 6 , 2016 ,   That on stage question for # MissHawaiiUSA was unfair and #MissHawaiiUSA from # MissUSA   …       — #MissUSA ( @joeyohern ) June 6 , 2016 ,   When you vote for president , your ballot is secret . Completely inappropriate # MissUSA question , but # MissHawaii answered gracefully #MissUSA   —    Brandie Piper ( @BrandiePiper ) June 6 , 2016 ,   That was the worst question to give to a contestant and # MissHawaii handled that professionally and the best #MissHawaii . # MissUSA ,   —    Ashley Alexiss ( @AshAlexiss ) June 6 , 2016 ,     Terrence Jenkins quickly acknowledged that the question was written by the Miss USA Organization . The remaining contestants in the top five were asked about voting rights , income inequality and the recent death of boxing legend Muhammad Ali . The Miss USA pageant had already been mired in controversy well before the politically tense questions were posed Sunday night . The Miss Universe organization spent much of 2015 in the Miss USA Organization Donald Trump , who    the pageant along with NBCUniversal . The media and entertainment company cut business ties with Trump after he launched his presidential campaign last summer , and refused to broadcast Trump Miss Trump 2015 show even though it had already planned to show it .    network Univision also the Miss USA 2015 show away from its contractual agreement the Miss USA 2015 show air the Miss USA 2015 event . Trump network Univision a $ 500 million lawsuit against Univision , and eventually Trump with both companies . This year ’s network Univision pageant was carried by the Fox network . After winning Sunday ’s 2016 Miss USA competition network Univision now eligible to compete in the Miss Universe contest . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 