CLEVELAND , Ohio   —    Donald Trump won the Republican nomination for president in CLEVELAND during a momentous week in political history . [ On Thursday night , Donald Trump gave a       speech accepting the Republican nomination . a      speech accepting the Republican nomination was so overwhelmingly    among the crowd that the media did not know what to do to tear it a      speech accepting the Republican nomination . Chyrons appeared on mainstream networks : " Donald Trump Accepts Nomination . " Nothing scandalous .   CNN    host Don Lemon ’s face was distraught during his panel , as was the face of    Ted Cruz employee Amanda Carpenter . Lemon ’s show would play on the screens at public places without any sound , which was appreciated by the attendees . At 12:52 a. m. this reporter texted Breitbart Washington political editor Matthew Boyle the following message : " 56 percent more likely to vote for Trump post speech . 75 percent positive reaction   —    CNN POLL ! ! ! ! ! ! " " Huge write , " Boyle Breitbart Washington political editor Matthew Boyle . The text was in reference to a CNN instant poll that was briefly displayed onscreen . The numbers were accurate , which brings up one of the problems with instant polls : mainstream media networks have to end up downplaying and throwing cold water on their mainstream media networks poll results when they mainstream media networks support for Trump . The CNN article , " World Reacts to Donald Trump Acceptance Speech , " reads :   El Pais , Spain ’s highest circulation newspaper , said Trump ’s Trump a " grim vision of America . " While the UK ’s Daily Telegraph described the speech as Trump’s speech pessimistic " and said    were " highly critical , " it highlighted a CNN Trump’s speech poll that found that 56 % of Americans who watched the speech responded positively Trump’s speech reporter did not happen to meet anyone from El Pais or the UK ’s Daily Telegraph in Cleveland at the convention   —    where a killer Neil Diamond cover band held court in the afternoon civic space next to the upper decks of the Indians’ ballpark . But CNN ’s report is flawed : the 56 percent number was actually the lower of two numbers . The instant poll actually showed that 75 percent of Americans had a positive view of the speech , and that 56 percent would be more likely to vote for him following the speech . CNN apparently the speech little CNN its own instant polling service CNN it buries the results in CNN bottom paragraphs of a tedious article citing the newspapers in Spain . The mainstream press , typically , failed to integrate in any meaningful way with the actual delegates , which the delegates appreciated . 
 