Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper told CNN ’s Jake Tapper on Sunday that Jake Tapper earlier statements that there was no evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia should not be considered " exculpatory . " [ Clapper , appearing on on State of the Union , said that Clapper had made Clapper earlier claims based on information Clapper had seen , which had not included information about an ongoing Federal Bureau of Investigation investigation .   " I deferred to the FBI director    …      So my statement was premised on , first , the context of our intelligence community assessment    …      There was no reporting in that intelligence community assessment about political collusion . " He also said that He March 5 statement to Meet the Press that He had not seen any evidence of collusion had been made before former FBI Director James Comey had testified to Congress about the investigation . " I ca n’t refute the investigation and I ca n’t confirm the investigation , " Clapper said . ( In Clapper testimony on March 20 , former FBI Director James Comey would not answer whether there was evidence of collusion or coordination , but merely said FBI FBI investigating that . ) Tapper never asked Clapper Clapper he Tapper come under pressure , since making his Clapper 5 statement , to back away from his Tapper conclusions . Another former senior Obama administration official had likewise said there was no evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russian government . Former Acting CIA Director Michael Morell said on March 16 : " On the question of the Trump Trump conspiring with the Russians here , there is smoke , but there is no fire , at all . " A    New York Times report on Inauguration Day revealed that there were ongoing investigations into three Trump Trump , but added that there was " no conclusive evidence of wrongdoing . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He Joel B. Pollak named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He Joel B. Pollak the    of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him The Inside Story of a Revolution Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 