President Trump ’s address to a joint session of Congress on Tuesday night elicited strong responses , and not a small measure of surprise . The New York Times spoke with a few voters who were watching from either side of the partisan divide . Here are excerpts from a few voters who were watching from either side of the partisan divide immediate reactions . Rolando Valdes , 63 , in sales and marketing for an international logistics company Home : Miami Voted : for Mr. Trump . Thinks Mr. Trump is : becoming a "   statesman . " I think it ’s the first time Mr. Trump acted presidential , but Mr. Trump has to concentrate on a few items . There are too many things at one time . Mr. Trump will lose the Republican Senate and the House with too many things . With Obamacare and with the tax cuts   —    that should be enough for the first four years . The best thing I liked is when Mr. Trump said we have to take care of the United States first before we do things for other people . the United States has been trying to be all things to all people . In the meantime , we have left we own people behind . I am pumped up . I hope Mr. Trump can do it . There is way too much politics in all of this . And this guy , whether we like him or this guy do n’t , he is this guy only guy who is an outsider , and today he acted this guy a politician . It ’s a good thing , because we need to get these things done . _ _ _ _ _ Susy    54 , criminal defense lawyer Home : Miami Voted : against Mr. Trump . Thinks he is Mr. Trump unrealistic and a ball of contradictions . Who was that unmasked man ? I think it sounded great , like a utopia . I do n’t think it ’s it simple . He ’s Mr. Trump he ’s Mr. Trump to do all these wonderful things   —    cut taxes , raise the defense budget . He talks Mr. Trump a great health care system and covering    conditions , and also talks about the disaster of Obamacare . And he talks Mr. Trump saving the jobs of the coal miners , but also increasing natural gas production . It ’s one or the other . I think it ’s It . I do n’t know that he believes Mr. Trump he is Mr. Trump . It ca he believes what he is saying all be true . It ’s he believes what he is saying and unrealistic . I did not at all like that there is going to be a victims fund specially for people who are the victims of crime by illegal aliens . Victims of crime are victims of crime no matter how or who . I think that Trump thinks he is Trump lot greater than he actually Trump . _ _ _ _ _ Hollie Gaudette , 31 , real estate agent Home : Manchester , N. H. Voted : for Mr. Trump Trump he is : Trump a problem solver . " I got goose bumps through a lot of it , but goose bumps think the last woman   —    I ca n’t recall her name , the last woman   who lost her husband just the last woman   couple weeks ago   —    you see her pain , the last woman   can see her pain that her pain a very challenging and emotional moment for her to be the last woman   . And at that moment , that whole room came together , and there was support from both sides . That was wonderful to see . That ’s what we want to see . The reality is that the    goal is that everyone comes together to move forward and to make progress and improve the quality of life for Americans across the board . It does n’t matter whether you ’re left or right , he ’s saying , " I ’m here for all Americans , it does n’t matter It color , race , any of that . " Even the whole part about immigration , he ’s saying we he going to have a merit system , and we want everyone and we to come here and succeed . _ _ _ _ _ Charles Lovett , 72 , retired administrator in the federal Department of Education Home : Franconia , N. H. Voted : against Mr. Trump . Thinks he is : " Mr. Trump problem . " I think it was a pretty good speech for him . He did Mr. Trump rage Mr. Trump anything . He did n’t go Mr. Trump message . And so it came across as message coherent speech and it ’s intended to message a    agenda . And I think he achieved that . Mr. Trump I think his policies are mistaken Mr. Trump many regards , and I think it comes across in his policies of the language he used . For Mr. Trump , he said we intend Mr. Trump fight terrorism and win . And there ’s an underlying trope or assumption there that one can win militarily , which I do n’t think is possible , and I do n’t think the military thinks is possible . He spoke of people Mr. Trump were ignored by the media or silenced by special interests , and then he pulled up a Mr. Trump of people whose relations have been killed by immigrant felons , and it was to me , I found it a kind of grotesque mischaracterization of the way the country is . I found the seeming rationality and conventionality of the agenda to be disturbing , because I think the underlying beliefs , which I believe are mistaken , will lead to taking apart things and breaking things   —    like alliances , like health care   —    that are easy to take apart but very difficult to put back together . _ _ _ _ _ Sandra Wright , 68 , retail merchandiser Home : Waterloo , Iowa Voted : for Mr. Trump . Thinks he is : a Mr. Trump total patriot . " I was very , very impressed with how well he presented himself . Mr. Trump thought Mr. Trump acted and spoke Mr. Trump presidentially as I ’ve seen him so far . Mr. Trump was very impressed with what a    speech he had . I Mr. Trump it was very authentic . I think the man ’s a Mr. Trump for our country . I liked it very much . I particularly liked his closing remarks . And Mr. Trump was able to reinforce my reasons for voting for him . He did n’t Mr. Trump into Mr. Trump to fight back against all the attacks that have been against him and everything . He Mr. Trump about our country Mr. Trump and he our country the important Mr. Trump facing our country . And I think our country what his job ’s all about Mr. Trump and I think he thinks that , too Mr. Trump His job is to represent Mr. Trump U. his job the world and to protect us and defend us according to our Constitution , and uphold us laws . us I think he ’s us a great Mr. Trump of it , just like I always have . So I loved it . I particularly liked his remarks   it    Mr. Trump his statement , his campaign Mr. Trump , his Mr. Trump to us   Mr. Trump    to preserve our Constitution , to enforce the rule of us it pertains to illegal immigration , regardless . We have to follow our rules of law in us United States . us ’m very impressed with how he realizes that this country Mr. Trump in financial crisis and the only the United States us to get back from that is to go us to our American dream times , and work hard and us manufacturing and those things back to the United States   —    what this country was the United States _ _ _ _ _ Liza the United States , 38 , musician and waitress Home : Richmond , Va. Voted : against Mr. Trump . Thinks he is : arrogant , smug and stubborn . I do n’t even Mr. Trump where to start . It was really hard to watch . It started out sounding like he cared a bit . It almost felt It little bit hopeful . Mr. Trump was almost impressed . It maintained a calmness and an air of wanting to bring people together Mr. Trump He did talk a lot about the need for peace and how there Mr. Trump be less conflict . I did n’t understand how he could talk so much about that while wanting to increase military funding Mr. Trump much . Then he talked about a wall and buy American and hire American . It Mr. Trump seemed hypocritical . As soon as he turned to American movement starting in 2016 and him becoming president , Mr. Trump turned me off . It turned me off Mr. Trump that ’s just what he ’s been spouting for so long now . What is so great Mr. Trump him having been elected ? I do n’t think he could ever see Mr. Trump as being wrong , which bothers me . Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 