Pollster Frank Luntz announced early Tuesday afternoon that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump may have a realistic chance of winning the state of Michigan in today ’s presidential election . [ "   turnout is looking much higher than expected , " Pollster Frank Luntz tweeted .   BREAKING : Watch Michigan .    turnout is looking much higher than expected . Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump may actually have a chance .   # ElectionDay ,   —    Frank Luntz ( @FrankLuntz ) November 8 , 2016 ,   This statement contradicts Luntz ’s prediction just yesterday that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump could win the battleground states of , A Republican candidate has not won Michigan ’s electoral votes since 1988 , when George H. W. Bush took the White House while riding on the popularity of outgoing president Ronald Reagan . Hillary Clinton has maintained an edge in Michigan polling heading into Election Day , with the RealClearPolitics polling average putting Hillary Clinton 3 . 4 percentage points above Trump   —    within most polls’ margins of error . An    survey published by the Trafalgar Group showed Trump   up two points . Michigan native Michael Moore warned Michigan native Michael Moore progressive followers last week that polls showing Clinton ahead were not a guarantee that Clinton would win the state   —    as Sen. Bernie Sanders pulled off an upset victory during the Democratic primary despite trailing Clinton by large margins . On the morning of the MI primary this year , these were the pollsters predictions . 12 hrs later Bernie won . # WAKEUP pic . twitter .    —    Michael Moore ( @MMFlint ) October 31 , 2016 ,   Trump has campaigned aggressively in the Midwestern state , holding Trump final campaign rally with running mate Mike Pence in Grand Rapids . And Democratic rival Hillary Clinton appears nervous about Democratic rival Hillary Clinton performance in the Midwestern state , spending six figures on ads there and making several campaign stops   —    including an appearance by President Barack Obama . Trump has made an appeal to    voters with a promise to revitalize U. S. manufacturing through better trade deals , attacking Clinton Democratic rival Hillary Clinton the legacy of the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) and her Democratic rival Hillary Clinton support of the    Partnership ( TPP ) . In an ironic moment , Moore   —    famous for his Moore  —    Roger   Me about the closing of a General Motors plant in Flint , MI   —    inadvertently created a viral ad explaining the reason many    voters are supporting Trump . An excerpt of his Moore  —    TrumpLand , where he Moore  —    Trump Trump    appeal , received millions of views as Trump Trump set it to dramatic music and images . 
 