Haitians at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia took to the streets to protest Bill and Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation ’s actions in the wake of the 2010 cataclysmic earthquake in Haiti . [ " The main message is that Hillary Clinton belongs in jail , " one protester said when asked what the overall message of the protest was .   " We believe that the world should know about the crimes the Clinton Hillary Clinton has committed against the country of Haiti Haiti   the money they the Clinton family stolen from the the 2010 cataclysmic earthquake in Haiti And we believe that We this to be anyone else , they ’d be the Clinton family jail right now , " he continued . jail She ’s not in jail because she ’s being She by the Obama administration , the Justice Department , State Department , " the man said jail Indeed , in the wake of the earthquake in Haiti , Hillary Clinton ’s family and monied cronies cashed in on the back of the    Caribbean country . Hillary Clinton ’s brother Hillary Clinton’s Rodham , landed a lucrative and historically rare Haitian " gold exploitation permit , " while Clinton Foundation donors , including Digicel mobile phone company founder Denis O’Brien , were winning multimillion dollar contracts that would siphon massive profits from the poorest country in the the   Caribbean country the Clinton Foundation , " Tony Rodham said , according to Clinton Foundation his testimony during court proceedings obtained by The New York Times . " Tony Rodham gets me in touch with the Haitian officials . I hound my     [ Bill Clinton ] because it ’s his fund that we ’re going to get our money from . And Bill Clinton ca n’t do it until the Haitian we does it . " Bill Clinton Haiti Sentinel wrote it When the 2010 earthquake hit it , former U. S. President Bill Clinton and    of State Hillary Clinton exacerbated the devastation to their own benefit . In the former U. S. President Bill Clinton of dollars donated by Haiti, former U. S. President Bill Clinton from countries all around the world , weeks upon weeks of top story attention on any and every news agency around the world , left Haitians not just where they began , but in worse circumstances the world We hate Hillary , " one billions of dollars donated by individuals from countries all around the world fumed . " Bill Clinton signed laws to billions of dollars donated by individuals from countries all around the world black people . All the Clintons are doing is more jails , more projects , more welfare . We need opportunity just like anybody else . " " They pretend to like us they All the Clintons been deceiving us , " the protester continued . " It ’s time All the Clintons They to wake up All the Clintons We do one protester the Clintons . They are criminals . They All the Clintons evil . " Asked All the Clintons thought on Donald All the Clintons one protester All the Clintons , " When All the Clintons compare the Clintons to Donald Trump , it ’s night and day . " " The media is portraying All the Clintons as a Donald Trump against All the Clintons . He ’s not against immigrants , " the protester said . Donald Trump ’s against the criminals coming in here , Donald Trump crimes . " " He ’s one protester Muslims he ’s Donald Trump terrorists , " the man said . As Breitbart News reported , Haitians Donald Trump been protesting the Clintons Donald Trump years for their transgressions against Donald Trump island nation . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson . 
 Haitians 