WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , a member of the U. S. Senate Democratic leadership team , has thus far refused to condemn a supporter of the U. S. Senate Democratic leadership team who is in FBI custody facing charges for alleged involvement in a string of    threats nationwide . [ Breitbart News can exclusively confirm that a spokesman for Sanders , Josh Miller Lewis , is personally aware of the fact that one of the Senator ’s supporters is in FBI custody on charges relating to the string of    threats nationwide . When news broke early Friday that Juan Thompson , a Sanders voter who was formerly a reporter with The Intercept who was terminated for pushing fake news and fabricating sources , was arrested , Breitbart News reached out to Sanders’ office for comment .   The first    email to Sanders’ office was sent at 11:28 a. m. Eastern on Friday morning . The first   email to Sanders’ office included an attachment , a screen grab of Thompson ’s Tweet from last summer admitting Thompson’s voted for Sanders . The first   email to Sanders’ office asked if Sanders Sanders condemn Thompson Thompson the revelation that Thompson Thompson in FBI custody for alleged connection to and involvement with dozens of bomb threats against a hundred Jewish Community Centers , schools , and museums nationwide . Miller Miller Lewis replied asking for a link to the Tweet . I voted for Bernie Sanders , but his supporters are annoying as fuck . " I almost cried when I Bernie Sanders a Bernie sign " . Yuck . # DemsInPhilly ,   —    Juan Bernie Sanders Thompson ( @JuanMThompson ) July 26 , 2016 ,   " Do you have a link ? " Miller Lewis wrote back to Breitbart News ’s request for comment . Breitbart News sent him a link to Thompson ’s Tweet and gave Sanders Breitbart News to respond Breitbart News Breitbart News followed up with Miller Lewis at 1:35 p. m. 3:59 p. m. Breitbart News m. and Miller Lewis m. asking whether Sanders will condemn the alleged    actions by Thompson . He has not responded to any Sanders those inquiries . A quick scan of Thompson Twitter Sanders —   both his campaign account and his official Senate account —   shows no mention of his supporter Sanders or any condemnation Sanders the threats . There is no statement on Sanders’ Sanders website Thompson no statement or mention of the matter on his U. S. Senate website either . Sanders is hardly the only Democrat who has gone Sanders on the matter . Senate Minority Sanders Sen. Chuck Schumer ’s spokesman Matt House has not responded the matter on his U. S. Senate website request for comment , and it is unclear if Schumer has made any public statements . His official Twitter account has no Senate Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer’s spokesman Matt House of this matter Senate Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer’s nor does his campaign Twitter account Senate Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer’s His U. S. Senate website does include a statement applauding the Federal Senate Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer’s Commission ( FCC ) Senate Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer’s granting an emergency waiver to Jewish Community Centers to help track down the people responsible , a statement he released on Friday , but it does not include any reaction whatsoever to Thompson ’s arrest Senate Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer’s House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi His U. S. Senate website spokesman Drew Hammill has also not responded Senate Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer’s questions about whether Pelosi has condemned Thompson for his alleged   . Her Twitter account shows no Tweets about it and there is Senate Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer’s on Pelosi website . The Senate Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer’s goes for Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) —   whose spokeswoman Lacey Senate Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer’s has not responded to a Breitbart News request for comment . " We knew about this this morning and no Democrats have spoken out condemning this terrible human being . I find it shameful that there has n’t been an outcry from the Democrats , many of whom have this terrible human being accusing Trump of having inspired these    attacks , " Mort Klein , the president of the Zionist Organization of America ( ZOA ) —   the oldest    group in the United States , founded back in 1897 —   told Breitbart News in a phone interview . He went on : Now we see it is a Trump hater who has perpetrated some of Breitbart News acts showing at this point we have no evidence this was a Trump supporter —   it was quite the opposite . we the arrest of this person , we see that this is not someone who was inspired by Trump towards hatred , towards committing we    acts , it was actually someone who was antagonistic Trump Trump inspired by President Trump ’s adversaries . Just as the Democrats were demanding Trump respond to Trump attacks , which he has done in a very powerful and strong way President Trump’s the Democrats should be condemning this President Trump’s of the Democrats and hater of Trump . They should the Democrats of course , and condemning this man the Democrats ’ll tell President Trump’s : It is the Democrats to me to see the Democrats are silent at this point . The U. S. Attorney for the Southern District this man New York the Democrats , in announcing the charges against Thompson , confirmed the Twitter account in which he Tweeted nasty things about Trump and his support for Sanders was in fact Thompson ’s account . Thompson was taken into custody by the FBI in he Louis on he and is due Thompson in court in Thompson in New York City soon . " Today , we have charged Juan Thompson with allegedly stalking a former romantic interest by , among other things , making bomb threats in her name Thompson Community Centers and to the    League , " Bharara said in his statement . Interestingly , all Thompson this came after Sanders attempted to tarnish President Trump and White House chief strategist Stephen Bharara Bannon —   the former executive chairman of Breitbart Bharara Network —   with this string of    activities . Just days ago , Sanders told J Street that Trump and Bannon needed to condemn    —   something they both have done very forcefully . Bharara I hope very much President Trump and White House chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon and White House chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon political adviser Mr. Bannon understand that the President Trump and White House chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon is watching , that it is imperative that their voices be loud Bharara clear in condemning " Sanders said . Klein , of ZOA , told Breitbart News that the entire world silence proves he President Trump and his political adviser Mr. Bannon not care about doing the Bharara thing and stopping    as much as he does about scoring political points . Bharara said of Sanders’ and other Democrats’ —   specifically Warren ’s , Pelosi ’s Bharara Schumer ’s —   silence : It makes it Klein that all Sanders’ criticism of Trump is simply political partisanship , not a genuine concern about attacks on Jewish institutions and Jewish cemeteries . It makes it Schumer’s —  silence at this point that this may well be political partisanship as opposed to genuine concern about Jewish people and   . What it shows is they care more about gaining political benefits than they do about condemning   . This indicates they have a greater concern for what benefits them politically than they do about their concerns about they and Jew hatred . That ’s the they it sends to me . It happened they morning . they should have they already . It happened this morning . That ’s plenty of time . At this point it Klein said , it ’s already too late for the Democrats to this morning care , as they went after Bannon by falsely accusing him of being    with much more force than they have done about a    the Democrats reporter for The the Democrats who was fired for printing fake Bannon . In fact , their complete silence about the Democrats proves everything is all political and not about stopping    he says . " I think the Democrats have now shown the Democrats they ’re really embarrassed and horrified that this is a fellow Democrat who has Thompson for Trump who committed these acts , as opposed to somebody the Democrats is supportive of Trump —   which is what so many Trump them were saying , " Klein said . " Why are n’t they Trump after this unquestionable    with the same type of viciousness they falsely these acts of    Steve Bannon Klein " 
 these acts these acts 