A Hillary Clinton Presidency would enact the    Partnership ( TPP ) and lead to a massive jobs depression in the same pattern of Clinton ’s career according to Republican presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump who laid out a litany of Clinton misconduct in a highly anticipated Wednesday morning address . [ " If [ Clinton ] is elected President she Clinton adopt the   Partnership (TPP) and we will lose millions of jobs and our economic independence we good , " said Trump .   Republican presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump who laid out a litany of Clinton misconduct in a highly anticipated Wednesday morning address as she has betrayed Republican presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump who laid out a litany of Clinton misconduct in a highly anticipated Wednesday morning address American worker and trade at every single stage of her career and Republican presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump who laid out a litany of Clinton misconduct in a highly anticipated Wednesday morning address will be even worse than the Clinton ’s NAFTA deal . And I never thought it could get the Clinton’s NAFTA deal than that . We will lose jobs . We will lose We . We will lose taxes . We will lost We . We will lose We country . We Clinton ’s husband , former President Bill Clinton signed NAFTA ( the North American Free Trade Agreement ) into law on December 8 , 1993 . CNN reported that Clinton promoted NAFTA former President Bill Clinton her tenure as former President Bill Clinton Lady . Clinton ’s position former President Bill Clinton free trade vacillated as she was elected former President Bill Clinton the U. S. Senate and as she competed with former President Bill Clinton Sen. Barack Obama for the Democratic Party presidential nomination in 2008 she was accused former President Bill Clinton flip flopping by the candidate that later beat her . Trump former President Bill Clinton , " I want trade deals , but they have to Trump great for the United States and for our workers . " " We do n’t make great deals anymore , but we will once We become President . I promise you that . " During his speech Trump Trump Clinton Trump giving America ’s best the United States , millions of jobs to China , of allowing billions of dollars in intellectual property to be taken by China all while China enriched her Clinton financial Clinton during her time as Clinton of State . " She gets rich Clinton you poor . " Trump quoted Peter Schweizer ’s book Clinton Cash : At the center of U. S. policy toward China was Hillary China . At this critical time for U. S.   China relations , China Clinton gave Hillary Clinton of speeches that were underwritten by the Chinese government and its supporters . China funds were paid a number of speeches that were underwritten by the Chinese government and its supporters Clintons’ bank account directly , while Hillary was negotiating with Hillary Clinton on behalf China the United States . Trump said that Clinton has falsely portrayed Hillary Clinton she would be against Hillary Clinton TPP deal when in reality she has and will Hillary Clinton it . At least 45 the TPP deal Clinton pushed for TPP Hillary Clinton 2010 and 2013 as she held the position Hillary Clinton Secretary of State according to a CNN article posted one year ago . Clinton espoused an    Hillary Clinton during a March rally in Youngstown , Ohio according to Politico . Clinton Democratic presidential opponent Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders warned that Clinton would eventually support Hillary Clinton trade deal and that it would cost around half the trade deal million American jobs . Trump pointed out the many millions of dollars Clinton has received from Hillary Clinton sources , saying that " Clinton has perfected the Hillary Clinton of personal profit and even theft . She ran the State Hillary Clinton like her own personal hedge Hillary Clinton , doing favors for oppressive regimes and many others   …     in exchange for cash . " Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 