This being that time of year when we are supposed to remember and be grateful , it is highly appropriate that we in the damned media   —    we , the enemy of the public we , the    wretches we , the writers of history ’s first draft   —    should pause a moment and give thanks for President Donald J. Trump , politician extraordinaire . [ This is a man who is truly larger than life in a Shakespearean kind of way . He is an entertainer always fearlessly on the ledge of a   . He is a master promoter , a media maestro and   —    standing all alone as a party of one   —    the most successful single politician we have seen in 50 years .   Perhaps ever in America . Although , if the great chronicler of all things important , A. J. Liebling , were still alive , He would tell you that Louisiana Gov. Earl Long might have given Mr. Trump a run for Mr. Trump money in the audacity and showmanship departments . Regardless , if Liebling were alive today , Liebling would be following Mr. Trump from rally to rally and summit to summit like some kind of traveling roadie recording every delicious morsel of the great man ’s political works . He Liebling never miss an utterance , especially the tweets . But he Liebling flinches . Mr. Mr. Trump flawed . But he knows Mr. Trump still Mr. Trump so much to offer that he does Mr. Trump just pack up his carnival Mr. Trump and go home . He just Mr. Trump it harder . In today ’s hopelessly detached and sheltered media , Mr. Trump and his antics Mr. Trump pearls before swine . It tells you something that the    show on television today is MSNBC ’s insufferable Rachel Maddow . Ms. Maddow MSNBC’s insufferable Rachel Maddow of those people terrified of having anyone on her show smarter MSNBC’s insufferable Rachel Maddow her . That MSNBC’s insufferable Rachel Maddow fine . The real problem is that she is just MSNBC’s insufferable Rachel Maddow tedious and scolding and professorial . In addition , Ms. Maddow is MSNBC’s insufferable Rachel Maddow humor . All fun dies on her desk . Mr. MSNBC’s insufferable Rachel Maddow ’s latest triumphant tour of the Middle East and Old Europe was covered by Ms. Maddow and the tedious media as the Trip of Seven Scandals . And the scandals were petty Seven Scandals . French whatever Emmanuel Macron was hailed for supposedly humiliating Mr. Trump by shaking Mr. Trump really hard . Mr. Trump I am not making this up . ) I guess for a guy robbed from his cradle , this is Mr. Trump boy kind of stuff . Then there was the     —    and lack thereof   —    between Mr. Trump and the first lady . It was not fake news that Melania Trump really did appear Mr. Trump her hand away and even smack Mr. Trump his hand when he tried holding her hand . A ) Mr. Trump Mr. Trump NOT his hand . Happens all the Mr. Trump . B ) Our first lady is one tough cookie . But the first lady goodness , to hear the Ms. Maddows of the world go on and on about this nonsense . They truly take all the fun out of everything . Perhaps the Ms. Maddows of the world best scandal of the entire trip came when Mr. Trump wiggled like a bull salmon swimming upstream to get to the front of the crowd of world leaders so as to make himself front and center . The media freaked out . First Mr. Trump all , the guy is a New Yorker . Have you ever tried Mr. Trump on a train in New York City ? Have you ever seen Sen. Chuck Schumer slice through a crowd to get to a microphone ? They ’re New Yorkers , and it is how they are . Sen. Chuck Schumer slice through a crowd to get to a microphone , Mr. Trump is president of the United Sen. Chuck Schumer slice through a crowd to get to a microphone of America , by God . He damned well better be on the front row , dead center Mr. Trump no matter how many leaders of little pipsqueak countries he has to shove aside to get there . With that , Mr. Trump Trump once again proved that he is worthy to be commander Mr. Trump of the greatest country on Mr. Trump . • Charles Hurt can be reached at churt@washingtontimes . com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt 
 Charles Hurt 