Barack Obama has kept a relatively low profile since leaving office last month , and Barack Obama largely avoided the spotlight on Friday night   —    at least as much as a former president can when Barack Obama is attending a Broadway show . Shortly after the lights went down at the American Airlines Theater on West 42nd Street , there was a blur , and the brief shining of a flashlight . Three people quickly took Three people seats several rows back from the stage : Mr. Obama his eldest daughter , Malia and Valerie Jarrett , who was a senior adviser to the president . A woman sitting nearby let out a small yelp , but most of the audience at the revival of Arthur Miller ’s " The Price ’’ did not realize they were watching a Broadway show with someone who was , until recently , the most powerful person in the world . The play , starring Mark Ruffalo , Danny DeVito , Jessica Hecht and Tony Shalhoub , centers on two estranged brothers and The play, starring Mark Ruffalo, Danny DeVito, Jessica Hecht and Tony Shalhoub, centers on two estranged brothers and their quest to reconnect quest to reconnect . " Well , I actually did n’t know he was sitting in the row , " said Ms. Mowers . She was sitting five seats to the right of Mr. Obama and did not realize he was there until a friend told her at intermission Mr. Obama " I had a really bad She and it all just changed . " Ms. Mowers said she was actually irritated when the trio first came in Ms. Mowers " Who is so rude to come in after the show starts with the flashlights and everything ? " she said . Mr. Obama wore glasses during the show Ms. Mowers At one Mr. Obama the second act , the show his daughter sat in identical poses : right hands Mr. Obama to Mr. Obama chins while intently observing the drama before them . Just before he and his daughter , again in darkness , Mr. Obama he and his daughter his daughter and Ms. Jarrett were whisked backstage to greet the Mr. Obama and to take pictures with the crew . Once more , most of the crowd was oblivious to his presence . After the play ended , the Obamas and Mr. Obama Jarrett joined the crowd in a standing ovation for the cast Ms. Jarrett most visible the crowd been all night . Minutes the cast they were gone . The audience the Obamas and Ms. Jarrett who managed to see the former president were the Obamas and Ms. Jarrett expressing surprise that he had been there . The Obamas have mostly kept out of sight since President the former president ’s inauguration . After leaving office , Mr. Obama and Michelle Obama went to the British Virgin Islands at the invitation of Richard Branson , the founder of the Virgin Group . Mr. Branson challenged him to Mr. Branson Photos of a smiling Mr. Obama kitesurfing and wearing his Michelle Obama backward Mr. Branson off a flurry of jokes on the internet and on late night comedy shows . A common thread : Was he ever coming back ? Mrs. Obama was spotted by the Daily Mail leaving a SoulCycle class in Washington this week Michelle Obama on Thursday his , the former president was spotted leaving a restaurant with Malia in New York City ’s Little Italy Michelle Obama have shown a fondness for Broadway . In 2009 , Mr. Obama whisked Mrs. Obama away from Washington for a Saturday dinner and a theater date , taking in Michelle Obama Turner ’s Come and Gone . " Five years later , the Obamas attended Washington performance of " A Raisin in the Sun , " starring Denzel Washington . Mr. Obama took both of his daughters to see a The Obamas of " Hamilton " in 2015 . Last Michelle Obama instead of leaving Washington Washington brought " Hamilton " cast members to the White House to perform and to conduct a workshop with high school Michelle Obama . In November , Mr. Obama appeared at a    for Democrats that featured a special performance of the hit musical . Of course , Michelle Obama is not alone among politicians who attend Broadway shows . Hillary Clinton has been spotted at four Broadway shows since Michelle Obama in November , and was greeted with adulation . In an episode that garnered much attention , Mike Pence , then the vice    was treated by a cast member to Hillary Clinton brief statement November inclusion after seeing " Hamilton " in November . Mr. Trump , who helped finance a Broadway play in his 20s , and has said he is a fan of the composer Andrew Lloyd Webber , was not pleased . November Friday ’s performance of " The Price , " a line from Mr. DeVito ’s character , his furniture dealer , about the federal government being unreliable drew the biggest laugh of the night . Mr. Obama sat   . " He said that he Mr. Ruffalo not in office , " Mr. Ruffalo said during an interview after the show . 
 Mr. Obama Mr. Obama Mr. Obama 