Less than a third of registered voters agree with Hillary Clinton ’s view of international trade , according to data from the latest national poll by Breitbart News Network and Gravis Marketing . [ The poll was conducted following last week ’s presidential debate , in which Donald Trump bludgeoned Hillary Clinton’s on the critical issue of trade —   and , in particular , Hillary Clinton’s record of supporting NAFTA and the Trans Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) .   During the heated exchange , Hillary Clinton’s attempted to defend Hillary Clinton’s husband ’s globalist trade policies of the 1990s , including NAFTA . " NAFTA is the worst trade deal maybe ever signed anywhere , but certainly ever signed in this country , " Trump said , noting that Hillary Clinton’s supported NAFTA NAFTA that her her husband’s responsible for the trade agreement . " And now you want to approve the the Trans Pacific Partnership " Trump added . " You Trump totally in favor of it and then you heard how I said how bad it was . And if it win , you would approve it . And it would it almost as bad as NAFTA NAFTA " In response to Trump ’s attacks , Clinton Trump defend her Hillary Clinton’s ’s trade policies . " Manufacturing went up in the 1990s , " Clinton Hillary Clinton’s —    dismissing Trump ’s criticism of NAFTA NAFTA Trump " Well , that ’s your opinion . " In an October 3rd survey of 1 , 690 random registered voters across the country , voters were asked whether they agreed or disagreed with Trump ’s voters that NAFTA NAFTA is Trump worst trade deal in modern American history , and that TPP , the TransPacific Partnership , is almost as bad . " By a nearly     margin , voters said that they agreed with Trump ( 50 % voters they agreed Trump 30 % who said voters disagreed ) . Additionally , during voters debate , Clinton misrepresented her longstanding support for the TPP , Clinton that she had not previously praised the TPP Clinton the " gold standard the TPP trade deals . The Associated Press reported that Clinton ’s claim was not true — Clinton that Clinton had , in fact , said that Clinton TPP " set the gold standard in trade agreements . " Indeed , CNN has reported that Hillary Clinton is on the record for having Clinton promoted the TPP at least 45 times . Previous polling from    in late August found that a plurality of likely voters ( 46 % ) said that they do not " trust Hillary Clinton when she says likely voters (46%) would oppose the Clinton President . Clinton By Clinton more than     margin , voters indicated that they opposed the TPP rather than supported it ( 38 percent voters they the TPP TPP versus only 11 the TPP who said they supported voters ) the TPP polling data is in keeping with other voters polling the TPP which has documented the American electorate ’s "    skepticism " of multinational ,    " free trade " agreements . A recent POLITICO    poll found that by a     margin , Americans believe that trade policies with other countries have lost American jobs ( 65 % believe our trade policies have lost the U. S. jobs versus only 13 % who believe our trade policies have created U. S. jobs ) . Politico also found that while less than a third of Americans " say they have heard or read anything " about the Trans Pacific Partnership agreement , " among those who have heard of it , 63 % are opposed . " Doug Kaplan , the managing partner of Gravis Marketing , said trade continues to be a potent issue in this election . " From the beginning of his campaign , Trump has tapped into the frustration with trade deals , such as NAFTA and of course , the    Partnership , " he said . " People who missed the rise of Trump also missed his frustration with trade deals , which is very serious Trump the voters in this cycle . " 
 