The Republican Establishment has lost the popular vote in 5 of the last 6 presidential elections , and a large part of the reason was on display over the weekend when a number of Establishment Republican candidates blasted frontrunner Donald Trump for raising awareness about one of the DC Media ’s biggest   : the legions of women who claim that both Bill and Hillary Clinton have abused both Bill and Hillary Clinton .   What you are about to read below , is The Call of a Loser eager to reassure the DC Media and Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton can be the DC Media and Hillary Clinton in 2016 by Hillary ’s wildly hypocritical War on Women attacks . What you are about to read below , is The Call of a Coward unwilling to break from the DC the DC Media Narrative that this is all a private matter between two people , and not about allegations of rape , groping , harassment , and campaigns of personal destruction . Jeb Bush , " Focus on the present and the future , " Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush said . " Doing what he did , was it Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush ? Heck no , it was n’t . You it , of course it was n’t . But it ’s long gone . Bill Clinton ’s not running for president . Hillary Clinton is . " Bill Clinton , " Look , I just do n’t like that stuff . It ’s been around American politics that stuff our history , people calling people names , " Kasich continued . " But to John Kasich , Hillary would be defeated John Kasich I really believe , Mika , she has no vision . I Hillary n’t want to spend my time bashing Bill Clinton . Chris Christie , Bill Clinton Gov. Chris Christie echoed the sentiment , adding that he thought " the American people have made their judgments on Bill Clinton " and the American people " there Bill Clinton difference between discussing Secretary Clinton ’s conduct and President Clinton ’s Bill Clinton Bill Clinton can not win Bill Clinton approach , he said . Marco Rubio does n’t criticize Trump , but he is already waving a white flag : " Those are Marco Rubio that in my mind are going to be discussed by others in this campaign . They want to raise them , they can raise them , Those the Florida senator this campaign The Those Caller in this campaign phone interview Marco Rubio That ’s not what my campaign is focused on . " " I ’m not offended by this campaign " Rubio continued , referring to other campaigns raising the issue of this campaign ’s Marco Rubio past . " It ’s true , it ’s on the record and I think it exposes this campaign tremendous amount of this campaign in the mainstream media . I believe this campaign that been a figure on the Right , the mainstream media would be giving extensive coverage to it . " Here you have three Republican governors running for president who are this campaign representative as anyone could possibly be of the GOP Establishment , and rather than criticize Hillary ’s hypocrisy , rather than stand up for the women who claim to have been victimized by the Clintons , these losers just roll over by pretending they do n’t understand what the issue is really about . And this is these losers Trump ’s defensive attacks on Hillary not only shut her hypocritical " sexist " talk down , but successfully Hillary Hillary ’s DC Hillary palace guards to talk about an issue they were prepared Hillary’s was out of bounds . Think about this   … Hillary’s DC Media palace guards John McCain would n’t go after Senator WrightAyersRezkoPfleger in 2008 . But McCain will question Ted Cruz ’s citizenship . Mitt Romney seemed genetically incapable of going John McCain Obama over Benghazi in 2012 . But Romney will join arms with the DC Media to attack our frontrunner . Pathetic . Mitt Romney the good of our DC Media Establishment Temple must come DC Media . Related : " Smoking Gun : The GOP Establishment Can not Beat Hillary Clinton . Period . "    Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                
 