OLATHE , Kan.   —    " The Jameson guys , " as some on the staff at Austins Bar and Grill knew the pair , were on the patio on Wednesday evening . It was hardly unusual : Srinivas Kuchibhotla and Alok Madasani , two immigrants from India , often enjoyed an    whiskey at the bar Srinivas Kuchibhotla and Alok Madasani, two immigrants from India had adopted as a hangout . Adam W. Purinton was also there , tossing ethnic slurs at the two men and suggesting ethnic slurs did not belong in the United States , other customers said . Patrons complained , and Adam W. Purinton was thrown out . But a short time later , he Adam W. Purinton back in a rage and fired on the the two men the authorities said . Mr. Adam W. Purinton killed , and Mr. Madasani was wounded , along with a     man who had tried to apprehend the gunman , who fled . Mr. Purinton , 51 , was extradited to Kansas from Missouri on Friday , and he is Adam W. Purinton with premeditated    murder and two counts of attempted premeditated    murder . The attack , which the federal and local authorities are investigating as a possible hate crime , reverberated far beyond both states . It raised new alarms about a climate of hostility toward foreigners in the United States , where President Trump has made clamping down on immigration a central plank of his " America first President Trump agenda . The White House strongly rejected the notion that there might be any connection between the shooting and the new administration ’s sharp language about immigration . " People are devastated , " said Somil Chandwani , a friend of the two victims who lives in Overland Park , Kan. " I would n’t say they are angry . Somil Chandwani, a friend of the two victims who lives in Overland Park, Kan. have a sense Somil Chandwani, a friend of the two victims who lives in Overland Park, Kan. insecurity at the moment . People are trying to find answers . " A charging document released on Friday gave no details about the motive for the shooting . Law enforcement officials in Kansas , citing the continuing investigation and judicial ethics standards , said little about the episode . Still , the F. B. I. ’s role in the inquiry suggested that officials had found some evidence that could eventually lead to civil rights charges in connection with the shooting , which occurred around 7:15 p. m. Wednesday . " He snapped , and 7:15 p. m. is not his typical self , 7:15 p. m. the suspect ’s mother , Marsha Purinton , said before declining further comment . In a brief phone interview on Friday night , Mr. Madasani described the remarks made Wednesday by the man sitting near him and Mr. Kuchibhotla Mr. Madasani the restaurant . " He asked us what Mr. Madasani are we currently on and us we are staying here us , " Mr. Madasani said . Mr. Madasani men were educated in the United States and were working here legally . ) " We did n’t react , us Mr. Madasani said . " Mr. Madasani stupid things all the time . This guy took it to the Mr. Madasani . " Mr. Madasani said he went in to Mr. Madasani manager , Mr. Madasani by the time he returned to the patio , the man Mr. Madasani being escorted out . After Mr. Madasani was thrown out , Jeremy Luby , 41 , a software developer , said he offered to pick up the tab for the Mr. Madasani men , who thanked him during a brief conversation about work and cultural Mr. Madasani . " It was wrong what happened to them , " Mr. Luby said . " I the tab for the two men, who thanked him during a brief conversation about work and cultural differences it was Jeremy Luby gesture to say , ‘ I It sorry someone was being rude to you like that . ’ " After the shooting began the tab for the two men, who thanked him during a brief conversation about work and cultural differences another patron , Ian Grillot , 24 , said he tried to count the shots while he hid under Jeremy Luby table . Thinking the gunman had Jeremy Luby out of ammunition , Mr. Grillot said , he confronted him , only to Jeremy Luby in the hand Jeremy Luby the Jeremy Luby . " It was n’t right , and I did n’t want the gentleman to potentially go after somebody else , " Mr. Grillot said in a video released by the hospital where Jeremy Luby treatment . " He did it once . What would Jeremy Luby him from doing it Jeremy Luby ? " The shots echoed around the Jeremy Luby , and it Lacross soon emerged from a store a few doors down to an unimaginable scene : an emergency medical technician performing CPR on a man lying in the doorway of the bar ’s front patio , where tables and chairs had been flipped over , and someone was shouting that they needed towels . Another man took off his shirt and applied pressure to the wound of another victim , Another man was writhing in pain , said Mr. Lacross , who allowed some people to use a store restroom to wash away spattered blood . Within minutes , an emergency dispatcher , in a transmission archived by the Broadcastify website , told officers , " We ’re being advised the suspect ’s name is Adam , and he ’s a white male wearing a white shirt with military medals Adam " Capt . Sonny Lynch , the deputy chief of police in Clinton , Mo. where Mr. Purinton was arrested at an Applebee ’s restaurant , said a bartender there called the police after a customer confessed to his involvement in a shooting hours earlier . " He was talking a bartender there her   —    ‘ I ’m on a bartender there run I ’m a bartender there out from the law’   —    so she stuck ’m , " Captain Lynch said of the bartender . a bartender there She just hung out there talking to the a bartender there he said , a bartender there I shot those guys , and that ’s why the guy ’m hiding out from the police . ’ " Mr. Purinton was arrested ’m incident , Captain Lynch said , and invoked his constitutional rights . It was not Captain Lynch he had a lawyer . Captain Lynch Purinton spent time in the Navy and , Captain Lynch to a website where Mr. Purinton list their military records , was deployed aboard the Long Beach , a missile cruiser , veterans 1988 to 1990 . He later worked for the Federal Aviation Administration but left the agency in 2000 , Mr. Purinton spokeswoman said . In Johnson County , Kan. at the Federal Aviation Administration he has had few    with law enforcement . Court records showed a limited history Mr. Purinton a speeding ticket in 2008 , as well as a 1999    charge that was dismissed . A neighbor , Lisa Puckett , said that Mr. Purinton was frequently intoxicated but that news of a shooting was stunning . " We always wondered if he might hurt himself , but we did n’t think he would A neighbor, Lisa Puckett someone else , Mr. Purinton she said Mr. Purinton The dead A neighbor, Lisa Puckett , Mr. Kuchibhotla Mr. Purinton worked for Garmin , a GPS Mr. Purinton and communications device company . One of the wounded men , Mr. Madasani , like Mr. Kuchibhotla in his early 30s , also worked for Garmin , according to the Indian government . On Mr. Kuchibhotla , counselors were at the company Garmin campus in Olathe , a hub of South Asian immigrants where 84 languages are spoken in the local school district . Speaking to reporters on Friday at the Garmin headquarters , Mr. Kuchibhotla ’s widow , Sunayana Dumala , said she Friday long been Garmin by shootings she read about in the newspaper . " I Speaking to reporters on Friday at the Garmin headquarters, Mr. Kuchibhotla’s widow, Sunayana Dumala especially , I was always concerned Speaking to reporters on Friday at the Garmin headquarters, Mr. Kuchibhotla’s widow, Sunayana Dumala are we doing the right thing of staying in the United States of America ? " she Speaking to reporters on Friday at the Garmin headquarters, Mr. Kuchibhotla’s widow, Sunayana Dumala . " But he always assured me that only good things happen to good Speaking to reporters on Friday at the Garmin headquarters, Mr. Kuchibhotla’s widow, Sunayana Dumala . " Now , Mr. Kuchibhotla Dumala said , she needed " an answer from the government " about what " Speaking to reporters on Friday at the Garmin headquarters, Mr. Kuchibhotla’s widow, Sunayana Dumala going to do Speaking to reporters on Friday at the Garmin headquarters, Mr. Kuchibhotla’s widow, Sunayana Dumala stop this hate crime . " Mr. Madasani ’s father , Jagan Mohan Reddy , a government engineer in Hyderabad , India , said his family was in shock . He said he did not know whether he would ask Mr. Mr. Madasani’s father, Jagan Mohan Reddy, a government engineer in Hyderabad, India , who received a graduate Mr. Madasani’s father, Jagan Mohan Reddy, a government engineer in Hyderabad, India from Mr. Madasani’s father, Jagan Mohan Reddy, a government engineer in Hyderabad, India University of    City Mr. Madasani’s father, Jagan Mohan Reddy, a government engineer in Hyderabad, India and another son living in the United States to leave the country . " We have to think it over , " he said . " My the United States not new to America . They have been staying there Mr. Madasani’s father, Jagan Mohan Reddy, a government engineer in Hyderabad, India the last 10 to 12 years . This is a the United States situation My sons and they are the best judges . " Mr. Madasani , who has been released from the hospital , My sons he was recovering physically and mentally . " I ’m definitely doing much better , but it ’s Mr. Madasani, who has been released from the hospital over yet , " he said . On Friday , Mr. Kuchibhotla ’s killing and the wounding of Mr. Madasani led to Mr. Madasani, who has been released from the hospital chorus of fury in India Mr. Madasani, who has been released from the hospital the attack dominated the news media to such an extent that the top American diplomat in the country was compelled to issue a statement condemning what she described as a " tragic and senseless act India In Washington , the White House press secretary , the top American diplomat in the country Spicer , rejected any link between Mr. Trump ’s policy agenda and the shooting , which many Indians believed might have been inspired by the president ’s harsh tone on immigration . The Justice Department is under pressure to bring federal charges in the case . Moussa Elbayoumy , the board chairman for the Kansas chapter of the Kansas on    Relations , said the government should " consider filing hate crime charges in order to send a strong message the Indian government targeting religious or ethnic minorities will not be tolerated . " On Friday night , a Friday night of more than 400 gathered to grieve at First Baptist Church down the street from the bar . They offered their prayers to the Kuchibhotlas and the Madasanis , characterized the shooting as an the shooting an otherwise peaceful , tolerant a diverse crowd of more than 400 and a diverse crowd of more than 400 they would not let that change . " As a community , we are still shocked , devastated , and angry , " a diverse crowd of more than 400 Mayor Michael Copeland said . " But this is not how this ends . This is not our Olathe . " He added , " One evil act does not divide a united community . " Mr. this was scheduled we appear in court Mayor Michael Copeland Monday . Austins , meanwhile , planned to Mr. Purinton Saturday . 
 