Disarray is growing inside GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s campaign with field staff being cut and an alleged conflict between GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s campaign manager and his Donald Trump’s delegate strategist , according to Politico . [ Following a loss to Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) in Wisconsin on Tuesday , Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s a meeting with Paul Manafort , who was recently hired to organize delegate efforts for the billionaire , on Wednesday morning .   However , Politico Politico reporting the a meeting with Paul Manafort, who was recently hired to organize delegate efforts for the billionaire result in conflict , suggesting Manafort and Trump GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski are struggling for power . On Saturday , Lewandowski went campaign manager Corey Lewandowski far as to fire a young operative named James Baker , who ’d been recently put in charge of its Colorado campaign —   he ’d campaign manager Corey Lewandowski in the state less than 48 hours earlier —   because he ’d campaign manager Corey Lewandowski communicating with Manafort after Lewandowski instructed campaign manager Corey Lewandowski not campaign manager Corey Lewandowski do so , two sources with direct knowledge of the situation confirmed . " Corey and his people Corey the knives are out for them , the knives Politico reports , quoting an anonymous source reportedly close to the Trump campaign , who also called Manafort a " pretty experienced   . " Politico notes Politico Manafort is likely to threaten to quit the campaign if there is n’t more cooperation . " If Manafort walks Manafort this thing comes apart , " Politico ’s Politico . " And some of the people close to him are ready to walk . " The alleged infighting between Manafort and Lewandowski Manafort after Politico ’s earlier Politico the campaign cutting staff in Iowa , Ohio , Florida , and South Carolina as well as its key data operative as well Braynard , without training a replacement . " Since March , the campaign has been laying off field staff en masse around the country and has dismantled much of what existed of its organizations in    the campaign , including Florida and Ohio , Florida Politico reports . Lewandowski dismissed the rumored disarray inside the campaign , telling the campaign " We have Politico most cohesive , loyal staff , the most loving staff I have ever had the privilege of working with on a campaign , " adding that senior members of the campaign " have such the campaign relationship that the morale is the greatest ever . " He explained that letting staff go Lewandowski states that have already held their primaries is " the nature staff a campaign . " " Just like a real corporation , the people who are doing the best and want to continue on , they ’re given that opportunity , the people who are doing the best and want to continue on Lewandowski analogized . " Some people do n’t want to move for family reasons or whatever it may be . And then , some people , based on performance have been not given the privilege of moving . " 
 