Thursday on CNN ’s " Anderson Cooper 360 , " Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz called into question the purpose of the Department of Justice naming Robert Mueller as a special counsel to investigate Russian involvement in the 2016 presidential election .   Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz argued Mueller ’s appointment would benefit Trump given that " collaborating with the Russians " to get elected was n’t illegal and Mueller’s role would be to investigate illegalities . " [ I ] think Mueller will be the beneficiary of the special prosecutor , " Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz said . " A special prosecutor is supposed to investigate a crime and most of the things that have been leveled at the Trump administration are not criminal acts . Collaborating with the the Russians get yourself elected   —    not a criminal act . Terrible , morally wrong , but not criminal . The same thing is true with the leaking of the information to the Russians the Russians Host Anderson Cooper and Dershowitz ’s fellow panelists Jeffrey Toobin and Carl Bernstein argued the investigation should proceed , but Dershowitz insisted there Dershowitz n’t a criminal statute about what Trump and his campaign have Trump accused . " Let ’s assume that that ’s true   —    show me the criminal statute , " he said . Trump I still sit here as a civil libertarian . I do n’t want us ever to become what Stalinist Russia became when Stalin was told by Lavrentiy Beria , ‘ Show me the man and Lavrentiy Beria find you the crime.’ What is the crime ? " Cooper said the question was n’t whether or not it was illegal collusion the question just collusion but if it occurred , to which Dershowitz said that was n’t something over which Mueller would have jurisdiction . " [ T]hat is a political issue , but that does n’t give Mueller jurisdiction , " Mueller added . " Mueller has no jurisdiction Mueller explore whether he made political mistakes Mueller did terrible things , engaged in wrongdoing . Only criminal acts . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 