On Thursday night , Breitbart News National Security Editor Dr. Sebastian Gorka , author of the    book Defeating Jihad : The Winnable War , appeared on Fox News’ " The O’Reilly Factor " to discuss presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s proposal for " extreme vetting " of immigrants . [ Dr. Gorka called it a " hugely important idea . "   " Before I had the honor of becoming an American citizen , I had to come to America on the visa waiver program , " I had the honor of becoming an American citizen recalled . " You fill out a little green form on the plane , and one of the things it asks you is , ‘ Have you ever been a member of the National Socialist Party of Germany?’ So we ’re asking people right now , in 2016 , if people were Nazis . I get it . I get it . But why are n’t we asking they were Nazis if they were Nazis ’re connected to    to ISIS , to the Muslim Brotherhood ? This is what Donald Trump is talking about . " Gorka conceded that few active members of ISIS are likely to identify few active members of ISIS as such on a visa questionnaire , but Gorka noted that " if you lie on a federal form , you ’re starting a paper trail . " " It ’s really important . You ’ve got to make the connection . You ’ve got to find those people who do n’t share the values that Americans share . You ’ve got to look at what those people who don’t share the values that Americans share actually have as those people who don’t share the values that Americans share guiding ideology , " Gorka said . " This is a war against a totalitarian ideology , global jihadism , " Gorka pointed out . " You interview people . You have professionals interview people . You push professionals , and you find whether or not professionals share our values . This is part of   . This ’s not just arresting people . This ’s identifying what values they have , before they go kinetic . " As a presidential candidate , Trump has begun to receive security briefings . Gorka said the nature of security briefings would depend on " which agency ’s briefing , and who the individual briefer is . " " I would expect updates on the domestic ISIS threat , so what do we have in terms of intelligence chatter , in terms of terrorist potential activity . And I am pretty sure there ’s going to be some information on what Russia is doing , " Gorka Gorka . " Russia Russia now massed 100 , 000 troops on the Ukrainian border , so there ’s bound to be somebody who ’s looking at the European theater as well , and there could be some other things about China , and so forth . " Gorka Gorka that only people with the proper clearances would get to be in the room during those briefings , so only a few people will know exactly what the briefings cover . He Gorka Trump would be able to choose who he Gorka to accompany him Gorka the the briefings but " those people have to be vetted by the briefing agencies . " " For example , General Flynn , I had lunch with him Gorka   —    he Gorka the clearances , former director of the DIA , he Gorka advising Mr. Trump Trump people like General Mike Flynn General Flynn that meeting , " Gorka said . He explained that such security Gorka are designed to fill in the candidates on " the latest    intel   —    not about what we ’re going to do , or the operational details of our response but things that we would n’t necessarily read in the Washington Post , or on Fox News . Something that goes a little bit deeper on global trends . "  
 