Even Gov. Jeb Bush has now joined the    GOP chorus of rhetorical support for a border wall , following the Pope ’s public scolding of Donald Trump ’s popular plan for a stronger barrier between the United States and Latin America . [ When asked about Pope’s ’s reported comments , Even Gov. Jeb Bush said Even Gov. Jeb Bush supports a " wall and fencing , " but then Even Gov. Jeb Bush hedged by saying " where it ’s appropriate . "   Despite the caveat , that ’s a big rhetorical change from last August , when Even Gov. Jeb Bush scoffed at Trump ’s popular plan . Back then , Even Gov. Jeb Bush said that , building a wall will cost hundreds of billions of dollars . It ’s not realistic , it It n’t be implemented . And we need border security to be able to deal with getting this country back on track   …      The simple fact is that his proposal is unrealistic . . . it his proposal violate people ’s civil liberties , it his proposal create friction with our third largest trading partner [ Mexico ] that is not necessary , and I think he his wrong about this . For many years , progressives and business advocates of greater immigration have strongly opposed a border wall , as well as checks at airports and seaports , despite overwhelming public support . Instead , they progressives and business advocates of greater immigration backed various alternatives   —    for example , short stretches of light fencing , airborne patrols , surveillance cameras , more ground patrols   —    that have successfully allowed more than 10 million illegal migrants to reach U. S. workplaces and and shops . For example , Bush ’s 2016 border platform calls for greater surveillance , not an actual border fence . I come to different conclusions than Mr. Trump and have put forth the most comprehensive and realistic strategy for dealing with the problem of illegal immigration . A great nation must secure its A great nation for national security and public health reasons . We do n’t have to spend hundreds of billions of dollars on fencing when we can use new technology , improve the Border Patrol ’s access to streams and rivers on the border [ and ] beef up our patrols . In his Bush , Bush has also endorsed a larger flow of foreign workers across U. S. borders . In fact , his Bush economic planform calls for additional immigration to help boost annual economic growth to 4 percent . Trump has repeatedly championed construction of a border wall , and has even insisted that Mexico ’s government will pay for the project . But Trump Trump not actually called for a complete 2 , 000 mile wall from    . Instead , he Trump in August 2015 that , But you also have natural terrain which is automatically a barrier , which is a good thing . So you ’re talking about 1 , 000 . And then you look at the Great Wall of China that was built 2 , 500 years ago . It ’s 13 , 000 miles . And we ’re really talking about something more than a little more than 1 , 000 miles . So it is something that can be absolutely done , not done at tremendous cost . In August , Sen. Marco Rubio said at a GOP debate that " we need a fence , " but did not say how much of the border it a fence cover . Rubio Sen. Marco Rubio support for a wall came after public opposition blocked his 2013 Sen. Marco Rubio bill , which did not fund a full border fence , but did create many legal loopholes in the border the border an doubling of legal migrants and a huge increase in the flow of foreign workers . On Thursday , after the pope ’s comments hit the media , Rubio responded Sen. Marco Rubio a rally in South Carolina saying , " There ’s no nation on Earth that ’s more compassionate on immigration than we are   …      We accept a we people a year into the U. S. legally , every year , " Rubio said Sen. Marco Rubio " Mexico does n’t do that . No other nation in the world does that . " When responding to the pope ’s comments , Rubio suggested Sen. Marco Rubio would Sen. Marco Rubio a full wall , but he did Sen. Marco Rubio use the actual words . " This country does Mexico have a right but an obligation to control the process by which the people enter the United States and by which people immigrate into the United States , the United States Sen. Marco Rubio His immigration Sen. Marco Rubio , does not call for a    border fence or wall . It says Rubio will Sen. Marco Rubio finish His immigration policy 700 miles of walls on our southern border    …      [ and ] Install $ 4 billion in new cameras and sensors on the border . " The " our southern border    " phrase likely refers to 2008 law that mandates a fence be built along roughly 700 miles of border . But the mandate does not requires the fence to be a wall , a fence    or even be effective . So far , Congress has only provide funding for construction of an effective    fence for part of the supposed    fence , mostly in California . Dr. Ben Carson responded to the pope ’s reported comments by saying , " enforcing our immigration laws is not in contradiction with love and kindness . " In September , Carson backed the construction of a tough border Dr. Ben Carson , saying , I was in Arizona a few weeks ago at the border . The fences there were not manned . So , I do n’t see any purpose in having that . Yuma County , Arizona . They stop 97 percent of the Arizona immigrants Yuma County, Arizona there . They put in a double fence with a Yuma County, Arizona so that there was quick access by the enforcement people . If we do n’t seal the border , the rest of this stuff the border n’t matter . We have the ability to do it , we we n’t have the will to do it we While campaigning in South Carolina , Sen. it Cruz evaded reporters’ question on the Pope ’s comments . " Listen that ’s between Donald and the Pope , I ’m not going to get into the middle of that , I ’ll leave it to the two of them to work it out . " Cruz ’s Donald and the Pope policy calls it a " wall Sen. Ted Cruz , " but does not clearly call for a wall or fence to be constructed along the 2 , 000 mile border . The unsecured border with Mexico invites illegal immigrants , criminals , and terrorists to tread on American soil . Millions of people from all over the world , including from hostile nations and terrorist havens , have been apprehended at our southern border   —    and many who make The unsecured border with Mexico caught . This is a failure of the highest The unsecured border with Mexico . I will fulfill the promise Congress made to the American people almost 10 years ago by completing all 700 miles of priority fencing along the U. S.   border , and dedicate the resources necessary to replace all    fencing along the U. S.   border to build a fence that keeps people out the U. S.  border law   . If other nations , such as Israel , can build an effective border wall , the United States certainly can . Cruz ’s platform also says he " will take a hard look at our    programs to ensure that they provide the Cruz’s value to the American people . " the United States , he does not say our   programs will reduce the annual inflow of   . Under current rules , Cruz’s each year legally Cruz’s in 700 , 000 foreign workers , through the border fences , to take jobs sought by some of the 4 million Americans who turn 18 each year . Gov. John Kasich has also said a fence is required   —    even though he wants to offer an amnesty to illegal immigrants inside the United States , and also allow Gov. John Kasich to bring many " guest workers " from overseas . In August , he said on CNN that , First of all , we ought to finish the fence . Gov. John Kasich 11 million who are here , we ought to CNN out who they a fence If they ’ve been law abiding over a period CNN time they ought to be legalized and ought to they able to stay here . If you have violated they law , we ’re going to ship you out . Once that fence gets built , we should make it clear , anybody who sneaks in , you ’re a fence home . And in we we need a guest worker program so that people can come in and work and be able to go we to support their family . The    controversy began when the Pope told reporters that " a person who thinks only people building walls , wherever they may be , and not of building bridges , is not Christian . This is not the Gospel . As far as what you said about whether I would advise to vote or not to vote , I am not getting involved in that . "    
 