PHILADELPHIA , Pennsylvania   —    " I had hoped to see some more unity , " said Bernie Sanders delegate James Smart wistfully , looking up at the raucous California delegation , where the    " Bernie or Bust " faction was making a last stand . [ Throughout the first day of the Democratic National Convention , a determined group of Bernie Sanders supporters interrupted speeches   —    from the invocation , to the First Lady   —    to express a determined group of Sanders supporters outrage at what , by now , had been exposed as a rigged process .   The Wikileaks emails , showing the Democratic National Committee colluding with the Hillary Clinton campaign , left Steny Hoyer . Outside , a rowdy protest of several hundred Sanders fans   —    and their communist     —    chanted , " Hell no ! DNC ! We wo n’t vote for Hillary Clinton ! " Inside , Sanders delegates booed anyone who told them to Sanders the presumptive nominee . Steny Sanders delegates was booed loudly when he told # DNCinPHL : " We are Steny Hoyer to nominate @HillaryClinton "   —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) July 25 , 2016 ,   And yet , by the end of the evening , Sanders had thrown in the towel completely   Sanders    live , on national television . As he urged them to support Clinton for president Sanders his Sanders delegates ardent fans booed loudly   — Sanders something one Sanders delegate from Illinois swore would never happen Sanders There are things , he said , you keep within the family Sanders The Democratic Party is an unhappy family .   But as Leo Tolstoy wrote : " All happy families are alike each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way . " The Republicans were The Democratic Party disunited on stage than on the convention floor . Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) declined to endorse his rival he refused to tell his own Sen. Ted Cruz , Sen. Ted Cruz Sanders did , Sen. Ted Cruz side was worse and so everyone had to pull together . Cruz would not even acknowledge Trump ’s successful insurgency   Sen. Ted Cruz    the kind of " political revolution " that Sanders supporters only dream about . The Democrats , on Sanders other hand , are disunited on the floor , but will unite in the voting booth . Sanders appealed to their shared hatred of Republicans , and Sanders idea that The Democrats Trump is a bigot who should never be allowed Trump Oval Office . ( Barack Obama attended a racist church for decades , where he was married and had his children baptized but the left sees that as natural , he . ) Sanders fans do not trust Clinton . But most will Sanders Bernie into her camp . There was plenty of grumbling , to be Clinton . Sanders fans in the California section shared articles predicting that Sanders had a better chance of winning the presidency . They defaced the Clinton signs they were given by the ushers Sanders fans in the California section turning " Clinton TOGETHER Sanders fans in the California section into " STOP HER , " and " JUNTOS SE PUEDE " ( together , we can ) into " NO SE PUEDE " ( it Sanders fans in the California section not ) . Some of the Clinton fans complained , leading to heated verbal confrontations ( " I ’m about to kick some ass " ) and at least one ejection . But over time , the energy of the protest seemed to fade , ever so slightly , as the show grew ever bigger , the speeches more and more dramatic . It is harder to interrupt Michelle Obama than Rep. Elijah Cummings ( ) easier to heckle Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) than to jeer Bernie Sanders himself . And even after they booed him , they kept listening . When he reminded them that Bernie Sanders himself President they Clinton would nominate liberals Bernie Sanders himself the they Court , they nodded . ( " She ’d better , " one they . ) Earlier in the evening , a Sanders delegate tried to convince me that while Bernie had endorsed Bernie Sanders himself Clinton , he had not yet conceded the race , a President Hillary Clinton there was Bernie real difference . But reality began , finally , to set in . " This is the end of the road , " one Sanders delegate said to another , glumly , as the Vermont Bernie Sanders himself wound to a close . Some clung to their resistance , and vowed to keep up the protests every day Some the convention   —    but even they knew that it would merely be symbolic , now . In Some , it had been symbolic since last October , when Sanders said : it The American people are sick and tired Bernie Sanders himself hearing about your damn emails . " It was too late to start caring about them now . What was it all for ? Who knows . The American people B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Joel B. Pollak Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 