Michael Moore sounded a dire warning on Michael Moore social media accounts Tuesday , exclaiming that March 28 , 2017 would be remembered as the day President Donald Trump caused the beginning of the    extinction of humanity . [ In a post to Michael Moore Facebook page , the     documentary filmmaker and liberal activist accused President Donald Trump declaring " war on the planet " after the President Donald Trump an executive order Tuesday rolling back several key    regulations concerning energy production .   " Historians in the near future ( because that may be the only future we have ) will mark today , March 28 , 2017 , as the day the extinction of human life on earth began , " Moore wrote on his Facebook Moore . " This is a defining moment in the history of mankind . By signing these executive orders today , Trump is declaring an act of war on the planet and its inhabitants Trump " he continued Trump " The one silver lining here is that Trump ca Trump kill the planet the planet wants to live and has a long history of wiping out any real or perceived threats . " The filmmaker Trump that the planet was the planet attention "   —    and would itself dispose of a the planet "   on destroying Earth . " In a statement Tuesday after signing the executive order , Trump said his Trump was Trump putting an end to the war on coal . " The president was Trump the signing by EPA administrator Scott Pruitt , Energy Secretary Rick Perry , Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke and Vice President Mike Pence . " We ’re going to have safety , we ’re going to have We water , we ’re going to have We air , but so many are unnecessary and so many are job killing , we ’re getting rid of We bad ones , " Trump said . Moore   —    who released a surprise    documentary shortly before the 2016 election   —    has become one of the president ’s most outspoken celebrity critics . The director has used his Trump accounts nearly daily Trump criticize Trump and comment on political news Trump In January , Moore vowed to lead " 100 Moore  —   who released a surprise   documentary shortly before the 2016 election  —    of resistance " against the Trump administration . Over the weekend , Moore blasted the ultimately unsuccessful GOP Moore  —   who released a surprise   documentary shortly before the 2016 election  —    to repeal the Affordable Care Act , calling the effort " " and " hateful . " Last week , he urged Democratic Party to declare Moore  —   who released a surprise   documentary shortly before the 2016 election  —    " national emergency " until the FBI could investigate alleged connections between Trump campaign staffers and the Russian the Trump administration .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 