( AFP )   —    The party of populist    Dutch MP Geert Wilders has risen strongly in the polls since the lawmaker was tried and convicted of discrimination , according to a survey published Sunday . [ If legislative elections due next March were held this week , Wilders’ Freedom Party ( PVV ) would pick up 36 out of 150 seats in the lower house of parliament , making Wilders’ Freedom Party (PVV) the biggest single political group , Wilders’ Freedom Party (PVV) found .   Before the trial began on October 31 , Wilders’ Freedom Party (PVV) was credited with 27 seats . During the the trial but before his conviction on Friday , its Wilders’ Freedom Party (PVV) share rose to 34 seats . It Wilders’ Freedom Party (PVV) has 12 lawmakers . The new poll data comes from a weekly monitoring by the Maurice de Hond Institute . It found The new poll data Prime Minister Mark Rutte ’s Liberals would place second with 23 seats , against 40 today , and his junior Prime Minister Mark Rutte’s Liberals partners , the Labour Party ( PvdA ) would gain 10 seats , compared with 35 today . Wilders was found guilty of discrimination against Moroccans but acquitted of hate speech over remarks he made Wilders an election rally in March 2014 . He had Wilders supporters whether they wanted supporters fewer or more Moroccans in your city and in the Netherlands . " When the crowd supporters " Fewer ! Fewer ! " a smiling Wilders " Wilders ’re going to organise that . " Wilders , 53 , largely boycotted the trial , which he denounced as a Wilders attempt to gag him . The judges Wilders strongly critical of Wilders’ " inflammatory " remarks at the rally but decided not to impose any sentence or fine . The outcome of the Dutch vote will be keenly watched given the    outcome of Britain ’s Brexit referendum and the November election of populist Donald Trump as the next US president . Wilders has among other things vowed to confiscate Korans , close mosques and Islamic schools , shut the borders and ban migrants from Islamic countries . 
 