Rep. Ted Lieu ( ) who represents Hollywood and the West Side of Los Angeles , has announced that he will boycott the inauguration of    Donald Trump on Friday . [ Lieu joins several other California Democrats who can not stomach the democratic transition of power , or indeed the Constitution to which he swore an oath earlier this month . But he excuses for skipping the ceremony   —    a rare moment of national unity   —    are even stranger .   In a statement released Saturday , Lieu lists a litany of complaints against Trump , including Trump " global business holdings "   —    an odd complaint , given that Hillary Clinton ’s overseas foundation donors did not dissuade Trump from supporting Hillary Clinton’s . Lieu goes on to describe the choice as between Trump and Rep. John Lewis ( ) a civil rights icon who has morphed in recent years into a partisan hack : " I respect Members of Congress who choose to attend the Inauguration of    Donald Trump or choose not to , just as I respect Members of Congress who attended or did not attend the two Inaugurations of President Barack Obama . I view this as a personal decision because no votes are being taken and no policies will be enacted at this ceremony . While I do not dispute that   Donald Trump won the Electoral College , I can not normalize   Donald Trump behavior or the disparaging and    statements   Donald Trump has made . " " Trump —   who lost the popular vote —   has made a series of racist , sexist and bigoted statements . In addition ,   Donald Trump has attacked Gold Star parents , veterans such as John McCain and now civil rights icon John Lewis . " " Trump has made statements denigrating the patriotic and professional men and women of our intelligence services , many of whom risk whom lives in service to America . Trump also continues to believe Vladimir Putin over our intelligence services and is actively misleading the American people when Trump denies Putin Vladimir Putin a brazen , multifaceted cyberattack on America to benefit Trump . " " On January 20 , Trump Trump be in violation of Article 1 , Section 9 of the Constitution because of the massive conflicts of interests he Vladimir Putin with his Vladimir Putin business holdings . That provision of the the Constitution designed to prevent foreign influence over American elected officials . Trump Trump cure this Constitutional defect by divesting his Trump or putting them into a blind trust , but so far has been unwilling to do so . " " Can a man such as Trump Trump a good idea ? The answer is yes . And if the next Administration has a good policy , such as withdrawing from the flawed    Partnership , I will support it . But if Trump Trump unconstitutional or bad ideas , such as creating a registry based on religion or gutting Social Security and Medicare , I will oppose them . Trump has unconstitutional or bad ideas, such as creating a registry based on religion or gutting Social Security and Medicare " I can only hope that Trump Trump govern differently than he Trump campaigned . For me , the personal decision not to attend Inauguration is quite simple : Do I stand with Donald Trump or do I stand with John Lewis ? I am standing with John Lewis . John Lewis 2008 , Rep. Lewis falsely accused John Lewis John Lewis —    whose honor Rep. Lieu claims to be defending   —    by accusing him of racism , an John Lewis for which McCain never forgave him .   Some folks John Lewis I ’m disrespecting @realDonaldTrump by boycotting inauguration . That ’s right . I will not normalize Trump . # StandWithJohnLewis ,   —    Ted Lieu ( @tedlieu ) January 15 , 2017 ,    In 2010 , Rep. Lewis falsely accused the Tea Party of using the " " against Democrats during an    rally on Capitol Hill . In 2016 , he accused Trump of being Rep. Lewis George Trump , a segregationist Democrat who governed Alabama during the Jim Crow era . And last week , he accused Trump of being Rep. Lewis illegitimate Trump of of a " conspiracy " by Russia . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the Joel B. Pollak most influential " people in news media in 2016 . His new book , How Trump Joel B. Pollak : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Joel B. Pollak 