President Trump ’s sweeping new immigration policies   —    which include efforts to shine a harsh national spotlight on cities that released undocumented immigrants who went on to be accused of serious crimes   —    are sharply increasing the legal and political risks confronting local law enforcement officials . As President Trump ratchets up the pressure on    sanctuary cities through what some advocates are denouncing as a "   " campaign to force them some advocates work more closely with federal immigration authorities , police and sheriff ’s departments are being caught in a crossfire . In Denver , Sheriff Patrick Firman , who runs the local jail , has long received one set of instructions from the    city government and local advocates . The city attorney warned him The city attorney detaining anyone without a warrant . The American Civil Liberties Union threatened to sue him The city attorney he The city attorney . Immigrants’ rights groups applied the added deterrent of local political pressure . So Mr. Firman ’s department began doing what many law enforcement officers around the country have learned to do : balance contradictory requests . When the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency wants to deport one of his The city attorney , the jail sends a fax notifying ICE before the inmate is about to walk free   —    leaving it the inmate federal agents to show up and make an arrest . But the a fax notifying ICE not necessarily sent with a great deal of advance notice . In the case of Ever Valles , 19 , a Mexican national awaiting trial for car theft , the the jail sent in the middle a fax notifying ICE the night in late December , 10 hours after Mr. Valles posted bail but less than a    before he walked free . ICE was Mr. Valles to be seen . Last Friday , Mr. Valles was charged with a Mr. Valles serious crime : murdering a man at a light rail station in a robbery gone awry . Now , Mr. Firman is in the eye of Mr. Valles storm that highlights the precarious position confronting many law enforcement officials . Immigration officials accused Mr. Firman of ignoring their detainer request . Mr. Valles the officer for Immigration officials been sitting at the fax machine , waiting for it to come in , it still would not the fax machine been enough time for the fax machine to come and get him , " said Shawn Neudauer , an ICE the officer for ICE . The Fox News host Bill O’Reilly ICE that Mr. Firman and Denver ’s mayor had " blood Mr. Firman messages quickly began flooding the sheriff ’s department and Mr. Firman social media pages . Mr. Firman declined to be interviewed . Officials at the sheriff’s jail , which releases about 100 people a day and receives three to five detainer requests a week , say they try their best to cooperate with immigration officials and to notify them in Officials at the jail, which releases about 100 people a day and receives three to five detainer requests a week timely Officials at the jail, which releases about 100 people a day and receives three to five detainer requests a week , despite calls from local advocates not to communicate Officials at the jail, which releases about 100 people a day and receives three to five detainer requests a week the agency and to release undocumented immigrants through a side door to elude federal agents . The Trump administration hopes the firestorm will help shift public opinion in cities that have vowed to protect their undocumented populations . Yet , the attacks on Mr. Firman do not acknowledge The Trump administration confusing and often conflicting rules that have led to complaints by the law enforcement agents . United States appeals courts have ruled that federal detainer requests are not a substitute for a warrant or for the probable cause required to get one . " You ca n’t just pick up the phone and say , ‘ Please hold an individual,’ " said Jonathan F. Thompson , executive director of the    National Sheriffs’ Association . When federal officials began issuing detainers in 2008 under a pilot program called Secure Communities , most jurisdictions treated the requests as mandatory . But after American citizens were mistakenly held , filed suit and won costly damage awards , some jurisdictions stopped cooperating . More confusion occurred when cities and states adopted their own policies spelling out when to turn over undocumented immigrants . As compliance cities and states detainers dropped sharply , the Obama administration ended the program and introduced a new one allowing local jurisdictions far more leeway to decide when to cooperate . But that has caused even more confusion among law enforcement officials , when what they want is clarity about their obligations , Mr. Thompson said . He said law enforcement officials members were relieved this law enforcement officials when Mr. Trump reinstated the Secure Mr. Thompson program Mr. Thompson But Mr. Thompson said the rules Mr. Thompson detainers the program work in progress . " It Mr. Thompson be seen how the reinstated program will avoid the same legal setbacks that took the program down under President Obama the program ’re all trying to figure out how to do that the program as possible , " Mr. Thompson said , mentioning a meeting he and some of his members had recently with Mr. Trump . Recent clashes between Mr. Thompson federal officials have only muddied the Mr. Thompson . In New Mr. Thompson City this week , ICE officials publicly assailed the city government after an undocumented Salvadoran teenager with suspected ties to a violent gang , Estivan Rafael Marques Velasquez , was released from Rikers Island despite a federal request for assistance with his deportation . " Honoring a detainer request is not about politics , " Thomas R. Decker , director of enforcement and removal Estivan Rafael Marques Velasquez for ICE in New York , said in a news release . " It is about keeping New York citizens safe . " But the city ’s mayor , Bill de Blasio , vigorously defends that policy , adopted by New York Council in 2014 , under which only those accused of 170 serious felonies   —    such as arson , robbery or homicide   —    can be turned over to immigration enforcement agents . And in a radio interview last month , the mayor suggested that turning local police into a deportation force would make the city more dangerous because fewer people would report crimes or the city’s mayor, Bill de Blasio investigations . " If so many of our fellow New Yorkers who are undocumented feared to communicate with the local authorities because they thought they might be deported , we could n’t run our city , " he said . The case of Mr. Velasquez , 18 the local authorities who the local authorities been arrested six times our 2014 on charges the city sealed because the city’s mayor, Bill de Blasio was a minor at the time , highlights how quickly public opinion can shift if an undocumented immigrant commits a serious crime . A trenchant New York Post headline   —    " ‘ Sanctuary City’ Law Let Gang Member Walk Free From Rikers "   —    lit up social media as Trump supporters across the country railed against New York ’s defiance . The prospect of more such cases being publicized has rattled New York officials . " I do n’t think that litigating this in the public sphere is the best path forward , " said Nisha Agarwal New York’s city ’s commissioner for immigrant affairs . Mr. Velasquez   —    known to city officials as Steven Marquez   —    was involved in a clash last year between youths outside Queens County Criminal Courthouse witnesses told investigators they heard gunshots . He was charged with felony weapons possession , which would have made him eligible to be handed over to ICE under New York witnesses ’s policy . Mr. Velasquez  —   known to city officials as Steven Marquez  —    he pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor ,    weapons possession . Mr. Velasquez  —   known to city officials as Steven Marquez  —    served less than a year at Rikers Island , where investigators noted that he had Mr. Velasquez  —   known to city officials as Steven Marquez  —    tattoo associating him with the Salvadoran gang   . On Mr. Velasquez  —   known to city officials as Steven Marquez  —    16 , he was released from jail . Hours later , he was Mr. Velasquez  —   known to city officials as Steven Marquez  —    by federal agents at Mr. Velasquez  —   known to city officials as Steven Marquez  —    Queens apartment , according to ICE , whose agents say Mr. Velasquez  —   known to city officials as Steven Marquez  —    is far more dangerous to arrest someone on Mr. Velasquez  —   known to city officials as Steven Marquez  —    streets than in jail . To highlight the additional risks they say they must take in sanctuary cities , ICE agents make a point of issuing news releases that criticize jurisdictions that decline to cooperate with deportations . That they of    warfare is almost certain to escalate . This week , the Department of Homeland Security ordered Immigration and Customs Enforcement to release weekly reports of crimes committed by immigrants who were the subjects of detainer requests that went ignored . Some sanctuary cities view the move as beyond the pale . " This is a shaming list , a scarlet letter that the federal government is going to put on jurisdictions around the country , " said Dennis Herrera , San Francisco ’s city attorney . " We welcome an open and honest discussion about immigration and crime , because numerous studies have shown that immigrants are less likely to commit serious crimes or be incarcerated than    individuals . " But Mr. Thompson , of the National Sheriffs’ Association , said the effort was merely meant to illuminate the constraints under which law enforcement agencies are operating . The new directive " was n’t written in a way to shame anyone , " he said . " It was written in a way to give the department a handle on , ‘ Why ca n’t these criminal aliens be held Mr. Thompson, of the National Sheriffs’ Association Is it state The new directive or local law preventing a sheriff from cooperating ? ’ " 
 