Joe Miller is hoping once again to snatch a U. S. Senate seat from incumbent liberal Republican Sen. Lisa Murkowski , but this time Joe Miller ’s running as a Libertarian . [ Joe Miller announced earlier in September that Joe Miller will again attempt to unseat Murkowski who lost the Republican nomination to Joe Miller in the last cycle six years ago , but regrouped with a    campaign that led    to victory .   Speaking on the Mark Levin Show Friday , Joe Miller said : I ’m running against the most liberal Republican senator who ’s up for     —    Joe Miller voted with Obama in the last Congress 72 percent of the time . We have basically three leftists in the race : Murkowski , a    Independent and a Democrat . So , We have a clear path to victory , and the grassroots are excited as can be that I ’m in . Levin , who said he is a " big fan " of Miller , asked he nevertheless whether he presence in the race will enable a Democrat candidate to get elected more easily . " Not a chance , and that ’s the beauty of the race , " Miller said . " No risk at all . We have a Democrat who will probably get less votes than the    Independent who has raised over a half a million dollars and has the Democratic Party ’s support . " " This is a beautiful race where a true conservative has the opportunity to win , as long as everybody activates , " he a beautiful race where a true conservative has the opportunity to win . " And what we ’re seeing on the ground   —    like I said before   —    is extraordinary . " According to the Associated Press , pollster Marc Hellenthal says Murkowski is a popular moderate in Alaska , and a " . " Political strategist Jim Lottsfeldt added that opponents to Murkowski Murkowski split their opponents to Murkowski among Miller , Margaret Stock ( I ) and Ray Metcalfe ( D ) . In that case , Miller Miller need to merge all those votes for a victory . " Murkowski Murkowski is a leftist , " agreed Levin . " She Murkowski Mitch McConnell ’s    person , but she Murkowski left all the time . " In October of 2015   —    following the release of videos exposing Planned Parenthood ’s alleged practice of selling the body parts of aborted babies for a profit   —    Murkowski Murkowski out in support of the abortion business and against its the abortion business of taxpayer dollars , even as she Murkowski it was possible Planned Planned Parenthood been engaged in illegal activity . She Murkowski : What I was concerned about and remain concerned about was that Planned Parenthood Planned Parenthood some of its affiliates , Planned Parenthood have been engaged in illegal activity when it came to the collection of fetal tissue . We do n’t know yet if illegal activity was conducted . The head of Planned Parenthood has Planned Parenthood congressional committees and said there was none . I would like an independent investigation of that . Because if there was illegal activity it not only needs there was illegal activity be stopped , it needs to be there was illegal activity , because that ’s a violation of the law and there needs to be consequences for it . Nevertheless , there was illegal activity said about her prior and current Murkowski against defunding the abortion giant , " I did not believe and I do not believe that Planned Parenthood should be defunded . " Levin observed to Miller that though Alaska is considered to be America ’s frontier and the land of individuality , Murkowski " acts like Murkowski Republican from New Jersey   —    that is a Republican politician from New Jersey . " New Jersey worse , " Miller chuckled . " Miller her dad appointed her Miller I think Miller debt was about at $ 6 . 7 trillion , now it ’s almost $ 20 the debt   —    I do n’t think there was a debt ceiling increase that I ’m aware of that she voted against . Miller " And what she has done has Miller worse than most other Republicans that are in office , " he continued . " Miller Collins   —    she ’s the only Miller that ’s more liberal than her   —    Miller it ’s not at all representative of Alaska values how she votes in D. Miller " " She has an ‘ Miller on the Liberty score from Conservative Review , " Levin observed . "   on her part . " Miller press release announcing Miller ’s candidacy states that Murkowski actually referred to herself as " the Conservative Murkowski for Alaska " during the primary . In addition to a failing score from Conservative Review , Murkowski scores Conservative Review percent with Murkowski Heritage Action Committee ratings . Levin brought up the fact that when Murkowski ran her    campaign six Murkowski ago Murkowski she did it with help from Murkowski establishment friends . " She Murkowski all her cronies , Murkowski the Republican Murkowski up there and so forth and so on , to try and take it back from you , which she did , correct ? " Murkowski asked . " She did , " Miller acknowledged Murkowski " She had a lot of help Murkowski the corporatists , had millions of dollars flow into the race . She made a bunch of promises Murkowski she has n’t been able to Murkowski and , as a consequence , those same folk are n’t behind her this time . " Miller Murkowski press release also states Miller With a    low of 15 . 4 percent turnout and only 7 . 7 percent of Alaska ’s registered voters casting a vote for our incumbent senator in the primary , it is obvious that Alaskan voters wanted another choice . " On his website called Restoring Liberty , Miller Miller himself as " a limited government constitutionalist Miller believes government exists to protect our liberties , not to take them away . " Miller says he our liberties supports free people Miller free Miller , federalism , the right to life , religious liberty , American sovereignty , and a strong national defense . " He noted as well to Levin that Miller ’s received an endorsement from Gun Miller of America and Alaska Right to Life , and added the    of Donald Trump ’s campaign and the former    of Ted Cruz ’s campaign are getting behind him as well . 
 Ted Cruz’s 