A new poll from NH1 News Network finds Donald Trump continuing to dominate the Republican nomination race in New Hampshire , while Ohio Gov. John Kasich and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush battle for a distant 2nd place . Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , who recently campaigned in New Hampshire , has faded to 5th place in the first primary state . [ Donald Trump leads Donald Trump rivals by a massive 20 points , earning the support of 31 . 7 percent of Republicans and Independents likely to vote in the primary February 9th . Bush Jeb Bush second with 11 . 9 percent , followed by Kasich with 11 . 8 percent . Both Bush Jeb Bush Kasich Kasich spent millions on advertising in New Hampshire and have each made dozens of appearances in the New Hampshire puts a high value on direct , retail politicking .   New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , whose affiliated super PAC has also spent considerable money on advertising , is third with 11 percent . Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , who has spent relatively little time campaigning in New Hampshire New Hampshire a close 4th with 9 . 7 percent . Rubio is 5th with 8 . 9 percent . With Cruz currently leading in Iowa , the outcome in New Hampshire is New Hampshire the four candidates making the biggest claim on the Republican establishment lane for the nomination . Bush , Kasich , and Christie have made their performance in New Bush, Kasich, and Christie almost a New Hampshire for their candidacies . It is Bush, Kasich, and Christie only one of them can survive New Hampshire Bush, Kasich, and Christie With just New Hampshire month until the first votes are cast , the competition between these three will intensify . Bush does better than Kasich among Bush voters , while Kasich edges Bush among Independents who Kasich to Bush in the GOP primary . Trump dominates both registered Republicans and Independents . Trump also does best among women Trump in New Hampshire . Rubio has not made New Hampshire a focus of his New Hampshire but his campaign is Rubio pressure to have his campaign showing in an individual state somewhere . Rubio is n’t intensively campaigning in any Rubio state , apparently choosing to run a national campaign , hoping to survive until other candidates drop out . The risk for Rubio is that he will fade in Rubio early state Rubio other candidates step up their campaign activity . At some point , other candidates will have to make a stand Rubio one of the early states to show he has the fortitude and temperament to Rubio a general election campaign . According to this latest poll , the state for Rubio ’s stand is n’t going to Rubio Hampshire . 
 