Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta maintained friendly relations with a powerful D. C. elite dedicated to pushing the interests of the business elite in communist Cuba . While Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta declined the occasional mojito party , Hillary Clinton largely catered to the desires of these advocates publicly . [ These revelations are part of the publication of thousands of emails from Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta personal account , posted online by the organization Wikileaks . They reveal suspect operations by the Clinton Foundation , lucrative ties to the Russian government , and multiple instances of unethical collusion between the Clinton camp and mainstream media journalists .   The relationship between Podesta Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta the Clinton Clinton generally , and the heads of the Engage Cuba coalition   —    an advocacy group dedicated to promoting profitable business partnerships with the Castro regime , a serial human rights violator   —    is particularly notable in light of Clinton Clinton attempt to smear Republican rival Donald Trump for refusing to do business with Cuba Cuba commissioning a report on the business climate there . Multiple    emails reveal that among those having the close ear of Podesta and company was Luke Albee , a senior adviser at the Engage Cuba Coalition and former chief of staff to Senator Patrick Leahy . The Vermont Democrat ’s amicable relationship with the Raúl Castro back many years , and he The Vermont Democrat been one of the most vocal public advocates for accepting the legitimacy of Raúl Castro ’s dictatorship . Notably , Leahy Senator Patrick Leahy responsible for a deal in which the U. S. government allowed a Cuban spy detained in an American prison to impregnate his wife in a Cuban spy through a costly artificial insemination process that involved transporting his sperm from a Cuban spy U. S. to Panama . Albee appears to have emailed Podesta    with his opinion on Albee relations with Cuba . One Cuba is particularly notable because it appears that One exchange and Clinton Podesta    foreign policy adviser Jake Sullivan executed Albee ’s suggestion Albee as proposed . " Have you guys thought about having HRC [ Hillary Clinton ] go give a Cuba speech in Cuba ? " Albee asked on Albee 10 , 2015 . " The numbers on Cuban Americans and where they are have The numbers on Cuban Americans dramatically . we have commissioned a bunch of polls on this , " Albee continues . Albee She would be Albee as future oriented , ‘ brave’ even though she would n’t Albee brave to do this   …      and it would drive this   Cruz and other nuts . " The suggestion is couched in an invitation to a " cool party worthy of someone like you [ Podesta ] —    plus you can wear your best , cool summer shirt . " The email chain then shows Podesta and Sullivan Podesta the speech idea among themselves . " Podesta and Sullivan of like the Miami idea , " Podesta says . Podesta I love this , " Sullivan replies . Sullivan Was cheering on mute when you raised this morning . " Hillary Clinton gave a speech in Miami on July Miami , 2015 in which she called a Hillary Clinton to cooperate with the communist Castro regime " Cold War deadlock " and called for " embracing fresh thinking " with regard to profiting alongside the Castro regime . Castro separate email in the same month ( dated June 30 , 2015 ) shows Albee making another request : a meeting with Valerie Jarrett . " Can you help me and my two partners get an audience with Valerie Jarrett so Valerie Jarrett talk through harnessing the business community on this ? " Albee asks . Albee We are up to 46    on the travel bill   —    and are going to need help getting it over the line . " Unlike the Clinton speech in Miami , there is no direct evidence that this meeting ever happened . What followed in the months after this request , however , was a stream of American politicians making it to Cuba to this request the possibility of expanding the opportunities for American business elites to take advantage of the Castro regime . Secretary of State John Kerry visited Cuba in August 2015 Cuba along with a delegation that included multiple prominent Democrats   —    including Patrick Leahy . By October , a variety of Democratic politicians had organized trips to Cuba . Ohio State Cuba Sean O’Brien and Congressman Tim Ryan visited the island that month Cuba ways of helping Ohio business leaders make more Ohio there . have so many opportunities down there for our businesses to go and do work , and make money , and bring some of those revenues back here , " Rep. Ryan said at the Congressman Tim Ryan Democrats were hardly alone . In December of that year , Texas Governor Greg Abbott made a similar trip , looking for profit opportunities in what had been until very recently a U. S.   State Sponsor of Terrorism . Nothing had changed in the behavior of the Cuban government when the Obama administration removed this designation , and Havana to this day maintains close ties to terrorist organizations like Hezbollah and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ( FARC ) . While Podesta appears open to many of Albee ’s requests in the latest Wikileaks email dump , there is proof that , on at least one occasion , Podesta said " no " to Podesta . " Can we put Albee behind the Mojito bar for a while ? " Albee asked , referring to the Albee at a party hosted the Mojito bar Cuban embassy in Washington , D. C. " I do n’t think I ’m here on the 16th , " Podesta responded . 
 Podesta 