Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton attempted Wednesday to    Donald Trump ’s visit to Mexico later in the day , telling an American Legion convention in   Donald Trump   Donald Trump not undo a year of insults in a few hours . [ " It certainly takes more than trying to make up for a year of insults and insinuations by dropping in on our neighbors for a few hours and then flying home again . That is not how it works , " said Clinton , whose main achievement as Secretary of State was the sheer number of her foreign visits .   The bulk of Clinton ’s speech was a confused , incoherent muddle of talking points , at times contradictory . For example , she her Trump for calling the military a " disaster "   —    by which he Trump the poor condition of the armed forces   —    and then called for the U. S. to " modernize " the the military effectively conceding Trump ’s point . At times , Clinton her to be arguing for a third term for President Barack Obama , touting his her accomplishments in foreign policy , including the Iran deal . She her a picture of a world , and a nation , in far better shape than in 2009   —    a far distance from how most Americans view the direction in which the country is heading . She her about her her in the Osama bin Laden raid , which was mostly that of an observer   —    and , of course , made no mention of her her in Libya , or in Benghazi . The confused tone of the speech , however , suggests that the Clinton campaign does not know how to counter Trump ’s visit . Less than a week after she her him a bigot and likened him to him Ku Klux Klan , he will him welcomed by a Mexican leader who once made the same claims but has since backed away from them . the Ku Klux Klan she her new revelations about her her emails , he is him the statesman abroad . Clinton her has her her in the polls , but what she her , dangerously , is a message . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new Joel B. Pollak , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Joel B. Pollak at @joelpollak . 
 