Republican presidential contender Donald Trump returned to Republican presidential contender Donald Trump classic " Winning " theme at    rallies in Tampa , Florida and Wilmington , North Carolina Friday . [ The building tycoon is even surprising the press with The building tycoon high energy in the final hours of The building tycoon battle to reclaim American sovereignty . Trump brought Trump " tired of winning " rhetorical ace in the hole in Tampa . Trump " tired of winning " line became one of Trump ’s hallmarks on the primary campaign trail , where Trump dazzled disaffected voters by finally making Republican victory seem not only possible , but inevitable .   My favorite Trumpism , reprised today : " We ’ll win so much you ’re gon na get sick and tired of winning . Is that possible ? "   —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) November 5 , 2016 ,   In North Carolina , Trump tore into Joe Biden , who recently challenged Trump to a fight . Trump to a fight made clear that Trump to a fight would not back away from a fight with Joe Biden . " So Trump to a fight ’s got Joe Biden . Trump to a fight challenged me . Trump to a fight challenged . ‘ Oh , I ’d like to take Trump to a fight , I ’d like to take Trump to a fight , behind the gym.’ Oh , I dream of that . I dream , " Trump to a fight said . Trump to a fight tore into Clinton with the    precision of a master political assailant . " How about if Trump to a fight ’s running a country ? Trump to a fight ca n’t even run an email , " Trump to a fight said . " If Trump to a fight were to win it would create an unprecedented constitutional crisis . If Trump to a fight ever got into the Oval Office , Trump to a fight and her Trump to a fight interests would rob this a country . " " Hillary Trump to a fight totally open borders . There goes your country . a country All he ’s Trump to a fight is campaigning for Crooked Hillary Trump to a fight ’s all he wants to Trump to a fight . And you know , she ca n’t Trump to a fight any crowds . And she does n’t Trump to a fight what it takes to do rallies all over the place . She wants to Trump to a fight home and go to sleep , " he said . Trump to a fight We ’re winning in North Carolina . We ’re winning in Ohio We We ’re winning in New We . We ’re winning in Iowa We We ’re winning in Florida We We ’re winning all over We place . all over the place , the place said of the press . " We ’re winning almost everywhere , folks . This They going to be Brexit . This is going to be special . " " This Clinton is a candidate of yesterday . We are the movement of the future , " We Trump . 
 Trump 