WASHINGTON   —    Former President George W. Bush implicitly criticized President Trump on Monday , taking issue with Former President George W. Bush approach to immigration and the news media , and suggested that any ties between the new president ’s team and Russia should be investigated . In a television interview to promote a new book of Former President George W. Bush paintings , Former President George W. Bush indicated that important questions were raised by reported contacts between Russian officials and Mr. Trump ’s associates during last year ’s election campaign . Mr. Mr. Trump out his national Mr. Trump adviser for withholding information about a call with Russia ’s ambassador . " I think we all need answers , " Mr. Bush Mr. Trump the " Today " show on NBC . He said he Mr. Trump defer Mr. Trump Senator Richard M. Mr. Burr such an investigation should be conducted . He is a Mr. Trump really good guy , and an independent thinker , " Mr. Bush said Mr. Trump Burr , " and if he were to recommend Mr. Trump special prosecutor , then it would have a lot more credibility with me . " Like Mr. Trump members of his family , Mr. Mr. Trump did not Mr. Trump Trump during last year ’s campaign against Hillary Clinton , although in public he largely kept his views Mr. Trump himself . Mr. Trump Bush congratulated Mr. Trump Trump Mr. Trump victory and attended the inauguration Mr. Trump month , but the interview on Monday made clear that the Mr. Trump Republican president still had serious disagreements with his party ’s incumbent commander in chief . Although he did not Mr. Bush , Mr. Bush expressed disapproval of the president ’s Mr. Bush that " fake news media " organizations are the " enemy of the American people . " " I consider the media Mr. Bush to democracy , " Mr. Bush told Matt Lauer , the " Today " host . " We need the media to hold people like me to account . I mean , Mr. Bush be very addictive and it can be corrosive and it ’s important for the the media call to account people Mr. Bush abuse their power , whether it be here or elsewhere . " He power to suggest that language power Mr. Trump ’s made it more difficult to press authoritarian leaders like account people who abuse their power Vladimir V. Putin of Russia to tolerate a free press . " It ’s kind of hard to , you know , tell others to have an independent free press when we ’re not willing to have one ourselves , " he said . Mr. Bush also urged tolerance when asked about Mr. Trump ’s efforts to temporarily ban travelers from seven predominantly Muslim countries . As president , Mr. Bush He a point He a mosque after the attacks of Sept. Mr. Trump , and regularly insisted that the United States was not at war with Islam He It ’s very important for all of us to recognize one of our great strengths is for people to worship the way they want to or not worship at all , " Mr. Bush said . " I mean the bedrock of our freedom   — us a bedrock of our freedom is the right to people freely . " Asked if he supported a ban on Muslim visitors to the United States , the former president said , " I am for an our policy that ’s welcoming and upholds the law . " But Mr. Bush , who has emphasized the importance of not criticizing a Mr. Bush to avoid seeming too critical of Mr. Trump . " Well , first of all , there ’s only been one month in office , " he said . " Secondly , I think you have to take the man for his word that he wants to unify the country , and we ’ll see whether he ’s able to do so Mr. Bush " Mr. Bush agreed to give interviews to publicize his book , " Portraits the man Courage : the man Commander in Chief ’s Tribute to America ’s Warriors , " the man by Crown Publishing . The book , Mr. Bush since leaving office , is a collection Mr. Bush 66 portraits of military veterans he has gotten to know personally . It also includes a    mural he painted of several active and his book, "Portraits of Courage: A Commander in Chief’s Tribute to America’s Warriors," published by Crown Publishing will be displayed at his presidential center in Dallas from Mr. Bush to October . Mr. Bush picked up painting after leaving office when Mr. Bush his book, "Portraits of Courage: A Commander in Chief’s Tribute to America’s Warriors," published by Crown Publishing John Lewis Gaddis mentioned that it was a hobby of Winston Churchill ’s . The former Mr. Bush ’s initial efforts focused on his pets as subjects Mr. Bush he painted a series of portraits of world leaders he met while in office , including Mr. Putin , and displayed them at his center . Mr. Bush , who as commander in chief ordered American forces into Mr. Bush The former president’s Iraq , hosts regular bicycle rides and Mr. Bush tournaments with wounded veterans and decided to make them his next focus . Mr. Bush started painting them in a series of portraits of world leaders he met while in office, including Mr. Putin 2015 . Some of the portraits in the book show veterans with prosthetic limbs . A few depict amputees playing golf . " I painted these men and Mr. Bush as a way Mr. Bush honor wounded veterans service to the country and to show wounded veterans respect for their sacrifice and courage , " he wrote in the book . " I hope to draw attention to the challenges some face when they come home and transition to civilian life   — these men and women and the need for our country to better address them these men and women " 
 the book the country attention attention 