BEIT HANOUN , Gaza Strip   —    In her new home , finally finished after her lived two years in a trailer across a dirt road , Samaher    40 , showed a video on her cellphone of a cute preschooler : her son Majdi . a video on her cellphone of a cute preschooler: her son Majdi was singing : " I am a son of Palestine , I have a right and a cause    …      Even if they shoot me and I die as a martyr , I will not forget the cause . " Majdi , who was 6 , lived through two Gazan wars , though his old family house was toppled by bulldozers in the 2014 fighting with Israel . But the day after his ended kindergarten last year , his caught his hula hoop in a metal door in the trailer . a metal door in the trailer was heavy , the frame shoddy . It a metal door in the trailer on his and crushed his skull , killing his . " Something is missing , " his mother said eight months later , in the living room of her his mother , built on the    plot of the old one . " You asked me if this is better . Yes , it this is better better . But I ’m missing his . his bedroom was waiting for his . " So it is in Gaza , outwardly rebuilding and moving on from war , inwardly far from recovered . Gaza Gaza at a loss for what might be next . After so many years of isolation , residents of Gaza Gaza themselves residents of Gaza further from Palestinians in the West Bank , their residents of Gaza clouded by rising doubts that they residents of Gaza ever unite and work toward a lasting peace . Two million tons of rubble have been cleared   —    about a ton for each person who lives in this cramped coastal strip .    of the 160 , 000 damaged homes have been rebuilt , as have half of the 11 , 000 that were destroyed . Roads are better , travel faster . People gawk at their People real mall , with a food court and 12 escalators , both rarities in Gaza . But they both rarities in Gaza not buying much . Unemployment is high , especially among the many young people graduating from college . In all , 50 , 000 people remain displaced . Electricity and water supplies are still near crisis levels . Hamas , which governs Gaza Gaza elected a new    leader . Tunnel building goes on ( and , presumably , so does the construction and smuggling of weapons ) . On the Israeli side , the political right talks of a new war in the spring over Hamas ’s rearming and expresses a desire to inflict a decisive blow . As has been the case for a decade , the strip remains encircled . Israel tightly controls most going in and out : food , building supplies , people . Two children died recently for lack of drugs or medical access , one of cancer , the other of a heart problem . " The blockade of Gaza is something I can compare to the Middle Ages and the besieged castle that can fall at any moment , " said Dr. Fadel Ashour , a psychiatrist in Gaza Gaza 1994 . " People in Gaza Gaza not satisfied with who governs this castle . They People in Gaza the tools to change it . They People in Gaza with armed militias , and the institutions are not clear as they People in Gaza in the West Bank . They People in Gaza they People in Gaza paying a price for something they People in Gaza n’t want . Or deserve . This increases their People in Gaza and hopelessness . " It is unclear how the flickers of change elsewhere in the    conflict will ripple to Gaza , which is surrounded by Israel on two sides , by Egypt to the southwest and by the Mediterranean . With President Trump in office in the United States , Israel Israel right seems to feel empowered and is likely to push more settlements in the West Bank , even to toy with annexation , despite Mr. President Trump in office in the United States call to slow the pace . The Palestinian Authority , which has wide backing in the West , seems to be looking abroad for ways to push its Israel future , including persuading the world to recognize a state of Palestine , threatening action in the United Nations and encouraging Israeli boycotts . Leaders of Hamas , considered a terrorist group by the United States and by many other countries , do not have the same backing from the West the West with political and business leaders , academics and ordinary people can divine only a basic strategy : improve the lives of frustrated residents as its leaders put the lives of frustrated residents as long as possible what they see as its leaders next inevitable war , then fight when it happens . ( Life could be better , Hamas ’s critics contend , if the group spent Hamas’s war preparations . ) Mahmoud Zahar , a senior Hamas official , Hamas that with years of failed talks , settlements expanding across the West Bank and Mr. Trump ’s apparent ambivalence about a Palestinian state , " You have two options : either to cooperate with the occupation or the resistance . There is no option , " he said . " Mr. Trump is the    solution ? " Interviews make it clear that there is a growing distance between Gaza and the West Bank   —    a central reason cited by Israelis for the impossibility of negotiations . Hamas won Palestinian parliamentary elections in 2006 and took control of Gaza in 2007 . Gaza Now , Gaza is something and Gaza West Bank is the West Bank " said Ibrahim    a columnist for the    news outlet Al Risala . " It ’s a fact . You the West Bank n’t connect the two realities . You will get lost . Things have changed . " Mr. Madhoun and several others raised a possibility , a very long shot , one that could conceivably be acceptable to Israel ’s far right : Someday Gaza   — Gaza borders , no Israeli occupation and no settlers   —    could become the basis for a Palestinian state as settlements gnaw away at the West Bank . " If there is going to be a Palestinian state , it ’s going to be Gaza , " said Mkhaimar Abusada , associate Gaza of political science at    University in Gaza . " Politically speaking , it ’s Gaza right . But this is what ’s coming . " Otherwise , he said , " I do n’t think there is a grand strategy where Gaza is in 10 years or 20 years Gaza I know Hamas will never want to give up Gaza as long as it is capable of Gaza control . " Gaza say they are focusing on getting by . Industrious Residents , for the most part , educated , they have cleared and rebuilt to the point Residents in places it is hard to tell there have been three wars in six years . One giveaway is that the concrete on the houses is fresh dark gray , rather than    and weathered . Qatar and Saudi Arabia have underwritten minicities , as caravans and tents slowly empty . The Islamic University has patched the two buildings bombed in two wars and , with great effort , installed an impressive array of 450 solar panels on the science building , even though there is a fear the panels and the building might make a big target in the science building war . Capital Mall opened in January , with four floors of upscale shops . One woman lifted her niqab briefly for a photo in front of One woman Valentine ’s Day flower display . Another posed for her husband , who is in an Israeli jail One woman " I feel happy here , " Sana Shanghan , 50 , said , visiting with some of her 13 children . " Here , I feel One woman ’m outside Gaza . I forget about Gaza ’s problems . " The feeling was similar Gaza steamy domes of Hamam    Gaza ’s only remaining bathhouse , heated with olive wood and , its owners say , predating Islam ’s arrival over a Hamam   Gaza’s ago . " People are tired , kids and old people , " said Salim Abdullah    66 , who runs the house for his family . " More and more come here for Salim Abdullah    support . " He added : " There is no progress . It Salim Abdullah    just survival . " Mona Ghalayini is betting no progress more than just survival . One of Gaza ’s few businesswomen , Ms. Ghalayini , 46 , has built a small empire that began with a    shop in 2003 . For most people in Gaza , the sea is simply a place where fishermen Gaza waters constricted by Israeli patrol boats . But she sees potential in the current stability , recently buying Mona Ghalayini seaside hotels . " We have brains , " she said , inhaling from a shisha on the patio Mona Ghalayini one of her hotels . " We have smart people . We Mona Ghalayini survive , even with the blockade . But we need connection . We do n’t want isolation . We Tourism is the We , she said . Then she reconsidered . " Who visits Mona Ghalayini ? " she Mona Ghalayini . " No one . " 
 Mona Ghalayini 