An Ohio sheriff who was an elector in Ohio ’s Electoral College is burning all the    letters An Ohio sheriff who was an elector in Ohio’s Electoral College received leading up to the Electoral College vote held Monday . [ pic . twitter .    —    Richard K. Jones ( @butlersheriff ) December 19 , 2016 ,    After —   Richard K. Jones (@butlersheriff) cast —   Richard K. Jones (@butlersheriff) vote for    Donald Trump , —   Richard K. Jones (@butlersheriff) posted several videos to Twitter of him burning all the —   Richard K. Jones (@butlersheriff) he received from people —   Richard K. Jones (@butlersheriff) he should vote for —   Richard K. Jones (@butlersheriff) candidate , Fox News reported . pic . twitter .    —    Richard K. Jones ( @butlersheriff ) December 19 , 2016 ,   " Got a lot of letters to burn , " Jones said in one —   Richard K. Jones (@butlersheriff) . " We ’ve got our electoral votes and We got a new We . " pic . twitter .    —    Richard K. —   Richard K. Jones (@butlersheriff) ,   Jones said he burned —   Richard K. Jones (@butlersheriff) letters —   Richard K. Jones (@butlersheriff) his wife in celebration —   Richard K. Jones (@butlersheriff) Trump ’s victory by lighting a cigar and then lighting the pile of letters in the fire pit , the Dayton Daily News reported . pic . twitter .    —    Richard K. Jones ( @butlersheriff ) December 19 , 2016 ,   Jones , who was an early supporter of the    said he has read many of the letters sent to him and December 19, 2016,  Jones, who was an early supporter of the    called them " disrespectful . " " I December 19, 2016,  Jones, who was an early supporter of the    them the same amount of respect , " he said to them   . " This is what they December 19, 2016,  Jones, who was an early supporter of the    . They deserve to be in my fire pit them " Jones them he has received so many letters that the mail delivery truck Jones to back up into his driveway to deliver them all . He has even received Jones letters disguised as Christmas cards . Jones In the beginning I read a few of them , " Jones said . " But I ’d be some letters disguised as Christmas cards them for Jones years if I read them all . " some letters disguised as Christmas cards some letters disguised as Christmas cards 