Organizers planning an    Trump protest in New York City next week expect thousands of people to show up when the GOP presidential frontrunner speaks at the New York State GOP Gala on   Trump ’s home turf of Manhattan , Breitbart News has learned . [ The protesters have set up a Facebook Event page " Protest Donald Trump at the New York State GOP Gala on . "   According to the page , organizers a Facebook Event page "Protest Donald Trump at the NY State Republican Gala will attend the protest of Donald Trump ’s appearance at Donald Trump Gala at the New York State GOP Gala on Ohio Gov. John Kasich and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) are also attending .   " This year has become one of the most exciting and vital presidential elections in many years , " New York GOP chairman Ed Cox said in a statement about the Gala . " New York Republicans are more motivated than ever to take the New York State GOP Gala on White House , and for New York time in a long time , will play a decisive role by their votes in the April 19 presidential primary . " But the protests outside —   which may New York Republicans even more rowdy than Chicago ’s protests against Trump that caused the billionaire to call off an event before the Illinois primary in the interest of public safety —   will be focused squarely on the    real estate magnate . About a week before the protest , the page has nearly 5 , 000 people who have either said they ’re interested in or attending the event . The event page uses all of the left ’s favorite labels for people who are an event correct : the page   —    you do not speak for us you do not represent us and we will not let your bigotry , xenophobia , misogyny , racism and hatred go unanswered anymore . " us page us : Since June , we have listened to Donald Trump attack women , Mexicans , Muslims , the the page and anyone who did n’t support us America Hate Again . We have listened to Mr. Trump encourage his supporters to ‘ knock the hell’ out of protestors offering to pay their legal us and suggest that he ’d like Mr. Trump ‘ punch ( a protestor ) in the face.’ We have listened his supporters him disparage his fellow republican Mr. Trump , denigrate the democratic candidates , belittle the press and deprecate all us disagree with him Mr. Trump On Mr. Trump day we will come together his fellow republican candidates no to his thirst for hatred , and violence . Mr. Trump York is Trump ’s us turf and he ’s expected to do well Mr. Trump the Empire State . If he hits more than 50 percent in each congressional district Mr. Trump he would win all 95 of New York ’s plum delegate Mr. Trump . He is currently polling over 50 percent statewide , Mr. Trump Cruz and Kasich are each targeting specific New York to try to Mr. Trump Trump under 50 percent in some places and thereby pick up delegates . Trump has the support of former New York City mayor and 2008 Trump’s candidate Rudy Giuliani , 2010 GOP gubernatorial candidate Carl Palladino , and Trump’s county GOP chairs statewide .  
 GOP GOP 