In exceptionally blunt language , Pope Francis is media that spread fake news , comparing it to people who have a morbid fascination with excrement . [ In an extensive interview with the Belgian Catholic journal Tertio , Pope Francis said that media outlets that distort the news and spread slander risk falling into " coprophilia , " the psychological pathology characterized by an abnormal fascination with feces .   Francis Pope Francis that " people tend toward the disease of coprophagia [ the corresponding desire to consume feces ] " and so media that feed this desire " can do great harm . " The mission of the media is to " build opinion and do immense good , " Francis Pope Francis , but it opinion be tempted to abandon this mission , falling into   . Without specifically mentioning the 2005 video of Donald Trump released during the recent U. S. presidential campaign , Pope Pope Francis an allusion to a very similar hypothetical case where media bring out people ’s past indiscretions . The temptation occurs , Francis said Pope Francis when a person " perhaps in his past Pope Francis , or ten years ago , had a problem with the law , or a problem in his family Pope Francis , " but he has Pope Francis paid for it , a problem with the law in which case , to bring this to light today is serious , and can harm or even annul a person , " he said Pope Francis The Pope also criticized the media ’s tendency to present only half a story while ignoring the rest , which he qualified The Pope " disinformation , that is , to tell only part of the truth of a situation and not the other . " This disinformation , Francis said , prevents people making a " serious judgment " and therefore is " probably the greatest harm they can people making a "serious judgment" , because it sways views in one direction , leaving out the other part of the truth . " He also Francis use of the media to slander political rivals . " The communications media have their own The communications media . They can The communications media tempted to slander , and then use slander to smear people , above all in the world of politics , " he said Francis adding that this can turn into a form of " defamation . " " Nobody has a right to do this . It is a sin and it is It , " he said Francis Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter   Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 