Megyn Kelly has agreed to step down as host of a gun violence prevention fundraiser related to the 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary massacre after receiving heavy backlash over an upcoming interview with InfoWars founder Alex Jones , who has said that the attack was a hoax . [ The Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly anchor had been scheduled to host the Promise Champions Gala   —    an event organized by Sandy Hook Promise , a gun control nonprofit formed in the wake of the horrific 2012 attack on a Connecticut elementary school that left 27 dead , including 20 children   —    on June 14th in Washington , D. C.   But the Megyn Kelly anchor interview with Jones , set to air on Father ’s Day , June 18 , has prompted the group to disinvite Kelly from appearing at the event , according to Variety . " Sandy Hook Promise can not support the decision by Megyn or NBC to give any form of voice or platform to Alex Jones and have Jones Kelly to step down Kelly Promise Champion Gala host , " Nicole Hockley ,    and managing director of Sandy Hook Promise , said in Sandy Hook Promise " It is our hope that Megyn and NBC reconsider and our broadcast this Megyn . NBC Kelly   —    who left Kelly interview with Jones on her Twitter account Sunday . In the clip , Kelly asks Jones how he NBC about being called " the most Kelly man in the world Kelly " while the radio host and InfoWars a preview clip of her interview with Jones on her Twitter account he believes    Kelly Jones " inside job " and that he was unfairly maligned for his views on the Sandy Hook attack . Next Sunday Kelly I sit down with conservative radio host @RealAlexJones to discuss Kelly and conspiracies # SundayNight Kelly 18 on NBC pic . twitter .    —    Sunday ( @megynkelly ) June 11 , 2017 ,   The preview clip quickly generated a fierce backlash on social media , including from relatives of victims of the Sandy Hook massacre , who expressed their outrage in messages to Kelly on Twitter . Kelly addressed the controversy on her own Twitter page , explaining that Donald Trump ’s appearance on Jones’ radio show during the 2016 presidential race made —   Megyn Kelly media figure newsworthy —   Megyn Kelly deserving of an interview —   Megyn Kelly " Many do n’t know him our job is 2 shine a light , " she tweeted . Still , at least one advertiser , JPMorgan Chase , reportedly asked NBC News to pull its Donald Trump and digital ads from appearing alongside promotional material for —   Megyn Kelly Jones interview . The bank ’s chief marketing officer , Kristin Lemkau , wrote on Twitter that she NBC News " repulsed " that NBC News and Kelly gave Jones a platform . In a statement Tuesday , Kelly said she was " disappointed " that she would —   Megyn Kelly be able to attend and NBC News night ’s Sandy Hook Jones event , though she said she understood and Kelly the Kelly . " I find Alex Kelly suggestion that Sandy Hook was ‘ a hoax’ as personally revolting as every other rational person does Kelly " Kelly wrote in a statement posted to her Twitter account . " It left me , and many other Americans , asking the very question that prompted this interview : How does Jones , who traffics in these Kelly conspiracy theories , have the respect of the president of the United States and a growing audience of millions ? " Here is my statement regarding Sunday night ’s interview : pic . twitter .    —    Megyn Kelly ( @megynkelly ) June 13 , 2017 ,   Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly , featuring the Jones interview segment , is set to air June 18 on NBC News .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 