Twitter employees will donate $ 1 . 59 million to the American Civil Liberties Union in response to President Donald Trump ’s executive order temporarily halting immigration from    countries , according to a report from BuzzFeed . [ The donation will come from a range of sources , with company employees last week raising $ 530 , 000 in response to the order , which was subsequently matched by personal donations from company CEO Jack Dorsey and Executive Chairman Omid Kordestani , taking the total to $ 1 . 59 million .   The ACLU , which is an ideologically    organization with strong ties to the Democratic Party , filed an injunction against the order, which was subsequently matched by personal donations from company CEO Jack Dorsey and Executive Chairman Omid Kordestani , saying that " Trump ’s war on equality is already taking a terrible human toll , " and it a terrible human toll can not be allowed to continue . " On Saturday , Dorsey , who has previously aligned with social    groups such as Black Lives Matter , tweeted that " the the order, which was subsequently matched by personal donations from company CEO Jack Dorsey and Executive Chairman Omid Kordestani humanitarian and economic impact is real and upsetting . We benefit from what refugees and immigrants bring to the U. S. " The Executive Order ’s humanitarian and economic impact is real and upsetting . We benefit from We refugees and immigrants bring to the U. S. the U. S. .    —    jack ( @jack ) January 28 , 2017 ,   In doing so , Twitter joins a number of Silicon Valley companies in taking a stand against the order , signed by Trump last Friday , which temporarily halts immigration from seven    countries in the Middle East and North Africa until proper vetting methods are put in place . This week , Apple CEO Tim Cook and Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos confirmed that they were considering taking legal Apple CEO Tim Cook and Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos against the executive order as well . Meanwhile , Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg wrote in a post that he was " concerned about Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg impact of the recent executive orders signed by President Trump , " and that " we should also keep our doors open to refugees we those who need help . " You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at Facebook , or email him at bkew@breitbart . com Ben Kew 