I spent last week ignoring President Trump . Although I am ordinarily a politics junkie , I did n’t read , watch or listen to a single story about anything having to do with President Trump . What I missed , by many accounts , was one of the strangest and most unpredictable weeks of news in modern political history . Among other things , there was the resignation of the national security adviser , Michael T. Flynn , and an " Oprah Winfrey Show " tape that led to the downfall of the nominee for secretary of labor , Andrew F. Puzder . It was n’t my aim to stick my head in the sand . I did not quit the news . Instead , I spent as much time as I normally do online ( all my waking hours ) but shifted most of my energy to looking for    zones . My point : I wanted to see what I could learn about the modern news media by looking at how thoroughly Mr. Trump had subsumed it . In one way , my experiment failed : I could find almost no    part of the press . But as the week wore on , I discovered several truths about our digital media ecosystem . Coverage of Mr. Trump Mr. Trump that of any single human being ever . The reasons have as much to do with him as the Mr. Trump social media amplifies every big story until it swallows the world . And as important as covering the president may be , I began to wonder if we were overdosing on Trump news , to the exclusion of everything else . The new president the president dominate national and political news . During my week of attempted Trump abstinence , I noticed something deeper : He has taken up semipermanent the president on every outlet of any kind , political or not . He is no longer just the president message . In many cases , he has become the medium the president the ether through which all other stories flow . Obviously , just about every corner of the news was a minefield , but it was my intention to just about every corner of the news informed while avoiding Mr. Trump . I still consulted major news sites , but avoided sections that tend to be    and averted my eyes as I scrolled for    news . I spent more time on international news sites like the BBC , and searched for    sites covering topics like science and finance . I consulted social news sites like Digg and Reddit , and occasionally checked Twitter and Facebook , but I often had to furiously scroll past all of the Trump posts . ( Some news was unavoidable when Mr. Flynn resigned , a journalist friend texted me about it . ) Even when I found    news , though , much of it was interleaved with Trump    , so the overall effect was something like trying to bite into a     cake without getting any fruit or nuts . It was n’t just news . Mr. Trump ’s presence looms Trump . There he is off in the wings of Trump The Bachelor " and even " The Big Bang Theory , " whose creator , Chuck Lorre , has taken to inserting    messages in the closing credits . Want to watch an awards show ? Say the Grammys or the Golden Globes ? Trump Trump Trump . How about sports Trump no . The president ’s policies are an animating force in Trump A. He was the subtext of the Super Bowl : both the Trump and the commercials , and maybe even the halftime show . Where else could I go ? Snapchat and Instagram were relatively safe , but the president still popped up . Even Amazon . com suggested Trump Trump toilet paper for my wife ’s Valentine ’s Day present . Trump I bought her jewelry . ) All presidents are omnipresent . But it is likely that no living person in history has ever been as famous as Mr. Trump is right now . It ’s possible that not even Trump famous or infamous people of the recent or distant past   —    say , Barack Obama , Osama bin Laden , Bill Clinton , Richard Nixon , Michael Jackson , Muhammad Ali or Adolf Hitler   —    dominated media as thoroughly at their peak as Mr. Trump does now . I ’m hedging because there not even the most famous or infamous people of the recent or distant past  —    n’t data to directly verify this declaration . ( Of course , there are no media analytics to measure how many outlets were covering Hitler the day he invaded Poland . ) But there is some pretty good circumstantial evidence . Consider data from mediaQuant , a firm that measures " earned media , " which is all coverage that is n’t paid advertising . To calculate a dollar value of earned media , it first counts every mention of a particular brand or personality in just about any outlet , from blogs to Twitter to the evening news to The New York Times . Then it estimates how much the mentions would cost if someone were to pay the evening news to The New York Times them as advertising . In January , Mr. Trump broke mediaQuant ’s records . In a single month , he received $ 817 million in coverage , higher than any single person Mr. Trump ever received in the four years that mediaQuant has been analyzing the media , according to Paul Senatori , the company ’s chief analytics officer . For much of Mr. Senatori earned media value hovered around $ 200 million to Mr. Trump million . The highest that Hillary Clinton got during the presidential campaign was $ 430 million , in July . It ’s not just that Mr. Trump ’s coverage beats anyone else ’s . He is now beating pretty much everyone else put together . Mr. Senatori recently Mr. Trump up the coverage value of 1 , 000 of the world ’s best known figures , excluding Mr. Obama and Mr. Trump . The list includes Mrs. Clinton , who in January got $ 200 million in coverage , Tom Brady ( $ 38 million ) Kim Kardashian ( $ 36 million ) and Vladimir V. Putin ( $ 30 million ) all the way down to the 1 , 000th    celebrity in mediaQuant ’s database , the actress Madeleine Stowe ( $ 1 , 001 ) . The coverage those 1 , 000 people garnered last month totaled $ 721 million . In other words , Mr. Trump gets about $ 100 million more in coverage than the next 1 , 000 famous people put together . And he is on track to match or beat his January record in February , according to Mr. Senatori ’s preliminary figures . Mr. Trump do we know Mr. Trump is more Mr. Trump about than anyone else in the past ? There are now more people on the planet who Mr. Trump connected than ever before . Facebook estimates that about 3 . 2 billion people have internet connections . On average , the people of Earth spend about eight hours a day consuming media , according to the marketing research firm Zenith . So almost by definition , anyone who dominates today ’s media is going to be read about , talked about and watched by more people than ever before . " From a media perspective , it ’s pretty clear , " Mr. Senatori said . " The sheer volume , and the sheer amount of consumption , and all the new channels that are available today show that , yeah , he ’s off the charts . " Mr. Trump is a historically unusual president , and thus deserves plenty of coverage . Yet Mr. Senatori ’s an argument that our    modern media ecosystem is amplifying his presence even beyond what ’s called for . On most days , Mr. Trump is 90 percent of the news on my Mr. Senatori and Facebook feeds , and probably yours , too . But he Mr. Trump 90 percent of what ’s important in the world . During my break from Trump news , I found rich coverage Mr. Trump that are n’t getting social play . ISIS is retreating across Iraq and Syria . Brazil seems on the verge of chaos . A large ice shelf in Antarctica is close to full break . Scientists may have discovered a new continent submerged under the ocean near Australia . There ’s a reason you are n’t seeing these stories splashed across the news . Unlike    media , today ’s media works according to social feedback loops . Every story that shows any signs of Trump news Facebook or Twitter is copied endlessly by every outlet , becoming unavoidable . Scholars have long predicted that social media might alter how we choose cultural products . In 2006 , Duncan Watts , a researcher at Microsoft who studies social networks , and two colleagues published a study arguing that social signals create a kind of " inequality " in how we choose media . The researchers demonstrated this with an online market for music downloads . Half of the people who arrived at Mr. Watts ’s    site were shown just the titles and band name of each song . The other half were also shown a social signal   —    how many times each song had been downloaded by other users . Mr. Half of the people who arrived at Mr. Watts colleagues found that adding social signals changed the music people were interested in . Inequality went up : When people could see what others were downloading Mr. Watts popular songs became far more popular , and unpopular songs far less popular . Social signals also created a greater unpredictability of outcomes when people could see how others had picked songs , the collective ratings of each song were less likely to predict success , and bad songs were more likely to become popular . I suspect we are seeing something like this effect playing out with Trump news . It ’s not that coverage of the new administration is unimportant . It clearly is . But social signals   —    Trump news retweets and Trump news   —    are amplifying it . Every new story prompts Trump news , which puts the stories higher in your feed , which prompts more coverage , which encourages more talk Trump news and on and on . We saw this effect before Mr. Trump came on the scene   —    it ’s why you know about Cecil the lion and Harambe the gorilla   we Mr. Trump he has accelerated the trend . He is the Harambe of politics , the undisputed king of all media . It ’s only been a month since Mr. Trump the lion and Harambe the gorilla  —    office , and already the the lion and Harambe the gorilla  —    of news has been overwhelming . Everyone   —    reporters , producers , Mr. Trump protesters , people in the administration and consumers of news   —    has been amped up to 11 . For now , this might be all right . It ’s important to pay attention to the federal government when big things are happening . But Mr. Trump is likely to be president for at least the next four this . And it ’s probably not a good idea for Mr. Trump all of our news to be focused on a single subject for that long . In previous media eras , the this was able to find a sensible balance even when huge events were preoccupying the world . Newspapers from World War I and II were filled with stories far afield our news war . Today ’s newspapers are also full of the world , but many of us are n’t reading newspapers anymore . We ’re reading Facebook and watching cable , and there World War Trump is all anyone talks about , to the exclusion of almost all else . There Facebook no easy way out of this fix Mr. Trump as big as Mr. Trump is , he ’s not everything   —    and it ’d be nice to find a way for the media ecosystem to recognize Mr. Trump 
 Mr. Trump 