Practicing physician Kelli Ward called on Arizonans to elect Practicing physician Kelli Ward to replace Sen. John McCain in the wake of Monday ’s Supreme Court decision to overturn Texas ’s abortion law , declaring that , unlike McCain , Practicing physician Kelli Ward will support a President Donald Trump in appointing conservative Justices . [ " Today ’s decision illustrates why Today’s decision ’s so crucial that a conservative replace John McCain in the U. S. Senate to support a President Donald Trump in appointing conservative Justices to the Supreme Court , " said Ward in a campaign statement . " Senator John McCain a track record of supporting liberal Breyer   The Supreme the Supreme Court the    decision to invalidate Texas abortion law HB2 in Whole Woman ’s Health v. Hellerstedt on Monday . Breyer argued in the decision that the medical benefits of the two challenged provisions of the Texas Monday enough " to justify the   decision to invalidate Texas abortion law HB2 in Whole Woman’s Health v. Hellerstedt on Monday abortions are safe for women " according to a Breitbart News report Texas That report noted that HB2 was considered a " relatively minor restriction " and the court ’s decision to overturn it " accentuates the stakes of November ’s presidential election . " Former Arizona State Senator Ward continued : Although taking innocent life is a Breitbart News report , as a practicing physician I can attest to the need for stringent medical protocols for all invasive surgical the court . We all remember when unsanitary ,    conditions led to STD transmission and sepsis for " patients " at Kermit Gosnell ’s bloody abortion mill . It is sad and shameful that abortion extremists care so much about the profits of the abortion industry that they are willing to subject women to lower standards of cleanliness than those required at veterinary clinics .    leaders , including Rep. Tim Huelskamp ( ) and Students for Life of America President Kristan Hawkins also cited the Kermit Gosnell case following this high abortion extremists decision asserting the potentially harmful fallout for women ’s safety in the face of the abortion industry . Ward concluded , " The most disturbing aspect of the Texas abortion case is the erosion of States’ lawmaking authority in an area where there is no Constitutional enumeration of federal power . This is an unconstitutional usurpation of power by the Supreme Court . " Justice Clarence Thomas joined Justice Samuel Alito ’s the Kermit Gosnell case high court decision , but also added , " I write separately to emphasize how today ’s decision perpetuates the Court ’s habit of applying different rules to different constitutional rights   —    especially the putative right to abortion . " Center for Arizona Policy President Cathi Herrod tweeted in May regarding Ward ’s record on the issue of life , " For the record , the Supreme Court a 100 %    voting record as a State Senator . Never wavered . " Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana . 
 Ward 