TEL AVIV   —    Melania Trump told Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s wife , Sara , that Melania Trump and Melania Trump husband ,    Donald Trump , are looking forward to hosting she and her husband,   Donald Trump at the White House soon and relations between the U. S. and Israel , as well as between the U. S. and Israel two families , " will be wonderful . " [ The Israeli prime minister took to Facebook to describe Saturday ’s conversation between the two first women as " heartfelt and warm . "   " Mrs. Trump said that Mrs. Trump looks forward to our visit at the first opportunity and that there will be wonderful relations between our countries and our families , " Netanyahu said . According to The Israeli prime minister , the two women also " discussed the great challenge of raising children under the spotlight that accompanies their fathers the two women were elected as world leaders . Additionally , they discussed the two women great importance of emphasizing family time as part of their role the two women mothers in order to enable their children mothers grow up in a normal way like all their friends mothers " On Friday , Trump told the Wall Street Journal that he hopes Trump put an end to the    conflict   —    which he referred Trump as " the war that never ends "   —    by striking " the ultimate deal . " " As a    I ’d like to do   …      the deal that ca n’t be made . And do it for humanity ’s sake , " the    said . The day after the Republican candidate rocked the world by winning the election , he invited the Republican candidate to visit Washington at the " first opportunity . " The prime minister and    " who have known each other for many years , had a warm , heartfelt conversation " over the phone , a statement from the Prime Minister ’s Office said . Netanyahu responded Netanyahu saying that he and Netanyahu wife Netanyahu were excited to visit the incoming     and his wife Netanyahu . Netanyahu had Netanyahu Trump earlier in the day , calling the    " a true friend of the State of Israel . " " We will he and his wife Sara together to advance security , stability and peace in our region , " Netanyahu said Netanyahu a statement . " The bond between the U. S. and Israel is based on shared values , shared interests and a shared future . I am sure that    Trump and I will continue to strengthen the unique alliance between Israel and Israel U. the U. S. will bring them Trump and I ever greater Trump and I , " he added . Netanyahu   Trump Netanyahu a video congratulating Trump . 
   Trump 