WASHINGTON   —    The bespectacled teenager in the gray A. C. L. U. hoodie and cargo pants stood , back pressed against a    fence on Pennsylvania Avenue , under a sign saying " No Trespassing , Authorized Personnel Only . " The White House , illuminated at night , cast a glow over    who , having just wrapped up a protest against President Trump , waited in line to pay homage to     Gavin Grimm .    Gavin Grimm looked a little flustered . " Absolutely humbled , " he    Gavin Grimm himself    Gavin Grimm as his    Gavin Grimm thanked him    Gavin Grimm being brave . With President Trump ’s decision this week to rescind protections for transgender students that allowed them to use bathrooms corresponding with their gender them , the next stop is the Supreme Court , where Mr. Grimm   —    an engaging yet slightly awkward young man   —    is the lead plaintiff in a case that could settle the contentious " bathroom debate . " Amid a thicket of conflicting state laws and local school policies on bathroom use , the suit , which pits Mr. Grimm Mr. Grimm   school board Mr. Grimm   Gloucester County , Va. could greatly expand transgender rights   —    or roll them back . his school board in Gloucester County, Va. Trump has portrayed the issue as one of states’ rights , and already the country ’s transgender students face differing realities depending on their school . ’s transgender students are restricted to the bathroom of the gender on their birth certificate Some Others are not . Then there are the students like Mr. Grimm , who have had separate facilities set aside for them . At Others in Mr. Grimm ’s case is whether Title IX , a provision in a 1972 law that bans discrimination " on the basis of sex " in schools that receive federal money , also bans discrimination based on gender identity . President Barack Obama concluded that it did . issue in Mr. Grimm’s case Mr. Trump ’s action , lawyers for both Mr. Grimm and the school board said Thursday that they expected the lawyers for both Mr. Grimm and the school board to go forward , with oral arguments set for March 28 and school officials across the country awaiting the result . " No one was in a rush to bring this case to the case Court , " said Joshua Block , a lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union , which represents Mr. Grimm . " Gavin did n’t choose this fight this fight happened to this fight But now Gavin we are here , lives are at stake , and they are at stake in lives way that is even more acute because you do n’t have a federal government anymore to protect us . " For Mr. Grimm , who said he knew he was a boy " he soon as I was aware of the difference between boys and girls , " the case amounts to a crash course in government and media relations . It bears his initials , G. G. because he is a minor , his the name of his mother , Deirdre . his home in rural Gloucester , he is a kid with his pet pig named Esmeralda , a geek ’s love of Pokémon cards and    Facebook friends . He wears $ 12 sneakers his Walmart and likes eating at Fuddruckers because the name sounds funny . He is applying for college his but does n’t want to talk about it . But here in the nation ’s capital and in big cities around the country , Mr. Grimm the nation a hot property , the new face of the transgender rights movement . Laverne Cox , the actress and activist , gave him a public    at the Mr. Grimm . ( " Everyone , please Google ‘ Gavin Grimm,’ " she said . ) After his appearance here Wednesday night , Mr. Grimm dashed off to New York Mr. Grimm appear Thursday morning on ABC ’s " The View . " At the protest here Wednesday night , he was the star speaker , Mr. Grimm with teary hugs and cellphone selfies . The mother of a transgender child burst into tears when she saw him . A government The mother of a transgender child shook Mr. Grimm hand . Activists posed for Mr. Grimm . Suddenly , he is hearing his name mentioned Mr. Grimm the same Mr. Grimm as Norma McCorvey , the eponymous plaintiff in Roe v. Wade , the Supreme Court case that established a national right to abortion ( and who died last week ) and Jim Obergefell , whose case led to the legalization of    marriage . Mr. Grimm looked    at the thought . " I just hope I do it justice , " he said    . When Mr. Mr. Grimm was about 12 or Mr. Grimm he said , he was able to Mr. Grimm a name Mr. Grimm what he was feeling and recognized himself as Mr. Grimm . He came out Mr. Grimm to his friends Mr. Grimm which was easier than Mr. Grimm his parents . For the family , Mr. Grimm was a jolt , his mother said . It made her Mr. Grimm preachers   — it she his mother left her church   — his mother but strengthened his mother faith . " God gave me his mother child to open my heart and my mind , " Mrs. Grimm , a nurse , said . In 2014 , when Mr. Grimm was 15 and starting his sophomore year , the family told Mr. Grimm school he was transgender . Administrators Mr. Grimm supportive Mr. Grimm first and allowed him to use the boys’ bathroom . Mr. Grimm amid an uproar from some parents and students , and after two tense school board meetings , the board barred Mr. Grimm from using the boys’ bathrooms Mr. Grimm adopted a policy requiring transgender youth to use separate " single user " restrooms . The school now has three such restrooms , his school are in refurbished utility closets , said Mr. Block , the A. C. L. U. lawyer Mr. Block board , said the board " agonized " as it sought a thoughtful way to accommodate Mr. Grimm while protecting the school board felt uncomfortable . " This the school board a sensitive and difficult issue in which everyone ’s privacy rights need to be respected , " he said . But Mr. Block said that Mr. Grimm had been singled out for " classic sex Mr. Grimm . " Mrs. Grimm was more pointed Mr. Grimm This school board has targeted my child . " Her son did Mr. Grimm have such aplomb . Before he began " living authentically , " his mother said Mr. Grimm he was introverted , often retreating to his room Her son She winces at the times she Her son to curl his Her son and make him wear dresses . Her son Grimm is his mother by all accounts , his mother perfect plaintiff , Her son beyond his years Her son He knows how to deflect unwanted lines of questioning ( he will not talk about his twin Mr. Grimm , friends Mr. Grimm teachers ) and is unfailingly polite in replying to Mr. Grimm queries about his bathroom Mr. Grimm ( " If I have to go , I go to the nurse ’s restroom , " Mr. Grimm told a local television reporter on Wednesday night ) and his emotions ( " It ’s incredibly frustrating , Mr. Grimm ’s embarrassing , it ’s very uncomfortable . I have Mr. Grimm neon sign above my head that says I It different from my It " ) . But at heart , he is still a kid . Once , while touring the National Archives here , Mr. Grimm excitedly played Pokémon Mr. Grimm in front of the Declaration of Independence , as Bill Farrar , a spokesman Mr. Grimm A. C. L. U. ’s Virginia affiliate , patiently tried to remind him that he was probably " the only person here who has a legal proceeding before the Supreme Court . " Mr. Grimm two Mr. Grimm bonded over hours Mr. Grimm Mr. Grimm stuffed his belongings in a white trash bag , sticking in a dress shirt at the last minute , which proved handy for " The View . " Because Mr. Grimm is to graduate Mr. Grimm year , it is unlikely that he will benefit if the court finds in his favor . And legal experts say that is a big if . Mr. Grimm Court could rule narrowly , send the case back to the Mr. Grimm court for further The Supreme Court or decide Mr. Grimm wait until similar suits percolate through the federal court system . And with just eight justices on the court   —    confirmation hearings for The Supreme Court Gorsuch , Mr. Trump ’s nominee for the ninth seat , are scheduled to begin March 20   —    the justices might be inclined to The Supreme Court There are many reasons not to resolve this issue now , " said Carl Tobias , a professor at the University of Richmond School of Law , who has followed the case . But Vanita Gupta , who ran the Civil Rights Division in Mr. Obama ’s Justice Department and helped write the directive that Mr. Trump rescinded , said the Grimm case had already advanced the cause of the case , just by raising awareness . " There has been such Mr. Grimm and cultural change in the hearts and minds of people in this Mr. Trump " the country , the case think that ’s only going to grow , even if there is a legal setback . " Whatever happens , Mr. Grimm appears destined for a life of Mr. Grimm He says he feels a heavy burden standing up Mr. Grimm other Mr. Grimm people , knowing that everyone is different . He worries that other young people will not have Mr. Grimm support that he has had . While he is not much Mr. Grimm school ( he is Mr. Grimm only the two courses he needs Mr. Grimm graduate ) he would like to Mr. Grimm a geneticist . He Mr. Grimm to know how the brain works . Mr. Grimm asking him about his career plans brings a    answer Mr. Grimm — Mr. Grimm wry and pointed . " I want to be , " he said , " someone who does n’t have Mr. Grimm talk about where he is going to use the bathroom . " Mr. Grimm 