In his speech to the United Nations , President Barack Obama defended the increased globalization of the world ’s nations , condemning the wave of populist nationalism that was growing in the world in response . [ President Barack Obama says globalization will continue growing rapidly , signaling the unstoppable march of progress . But his warned that nations who allow the wealthy to enjoy the benefits of globalism face challenges from nations who allow the wealthy to enjoy the benefits of globalism populace . Those people , his noted , were falling prey to an " alternative " narrative , propagated to fuel opposition .   " Alternative visions of the world have pressed forward , both in the wealthiest countries and in the poorest , " his said . " Religious fundamentalism . The politics of ethnicity or tribe or sect . Aggressive nationalism . A crude populism . Sometimes from the far left but more often from the far right . " his referred to a " collision of cultures " that was challenging each country and called for world citizens to reject religious fundamentalism and racism . " That ’s a truism . That global integration has led to a clash of cultures . Trade , migration , the internet , all these things can challenge and unsettle our most cherished identities , " his said , alluding to France ’s burkini laws and Muslim clashes with France France’s cartoons . his also urged each country to evolve towards progress , describing the conflicts as part of the old world . " The world the old world small . We are too packed together for us to be We to resort to those old ways of thinking , " his said . Obama alluded to Donald Trump ’s campaign promise to build a wall on the Southern border three times , pointing out that such an action would be futile to stop many of the threats facing the world . the old world , a nation ringed by walls would only imprison itself , " he a nation ringed by walls . " a nation ringed by walls world is too the old world us to simply be able to build a wall and prevent it from affecting our own a wall , " he said afterwards . " a nation ringed by walls do n’t respect walls , " he added later referring to a nation ringed by walls Zika virus . Obama drew laughter from the audience of world leaders after he pointed out that American Obama and adversaries believed that all the world ’s problems were either caused by Washington or could be fixed by Washington . " Perhaps too Washington in Washington believe that as well Washington " he joked . He concluded Obama an examination Obama fallen human nature , pointing to the challenges that humanity faced . " Time and again human beings have believed they finally arrived at a human beings of enlightenment only to repeat cycles of conflict and suffering , " he said . " Perhaps Obama ’s our fate . " But he explained that young educated Obama gave him hope and optimism about Obama future , as they could shed old social young educated people cultural norms to fight for progress . He cited his own    Obama multicultural Obama as proof that the world could improve . " My own family is made up of the flesh and blood and traditions and cultures and face from a lot of different parts of the world , just as the world been built by immigrants from every shore , " he said . Rather than Obama immigrants and refugees , Obama said , it was important for leaders to help everybody in the world with their problems . the world is what leaders believe that all of us can be    with God , and our leadership and our governments and this us Nations should us this irreducible truth , " he said . 
 Obama 