Police have closed portions of uptown Charlotte on Wednesday night after a series of gunshots were fired . One man has reportedly been shot . [ There are conflicting reports as to whether the protester who was shot is dead or alive .   The protests are the second night where the North Carolina city has erupted after a man , Keith Lamont Scott , was shot by police after One man allegedly was carrying a gun . Some have —   mistakenly according to police —   believed that Scott had a book , not a gun , in One man vehicle when a police officer shot One man . But authorities have said that authorities confiscated a gun —   and did n’t find a book —   in his vehicle . The first night of protests saw many police officers injured , and now this second night has seen a protester shot —   according to police by another protester . The crowd is protesting the Tuesday , Sept. 20 police shooting of Keith Lamont Smith . Police say he Keith Lamont Smith shot and killed after he Keith Lamont Smith a gun during a meeting with police . Local activists say Smith Keith Lamont Smith shot outside his Keith Lamont Smith while holding a book , and that he Keith Lamont Smith no danger to the Sept. 20 police he was Keith Lamont Smith . This is the second round of street protests , which broke out Wednesday night . Breitbart News is reporting the news from protests as it happens . Follow along here for live updates : UPDATE 9:03 A. M. The NYTimes’ video report : One of the hardest videos I ’ve worked on in a while : A man was shot in Charlotte , N. C. while protesting . pic . twitter .    —    Turner G. Cōwles ( @tgcowles ) September 22 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 8:59 A. M. VIDEO : Charlotte rioters Charlotte to throw a journalist into a fire . He is a journalist by civilians   police officers pic . twitter .    —    Independent Journal ( @TheIJR ) September 22 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 8:53 A. M. More videos captured on social media last night : Protestors rush into souvenir store in # Charlotte # CharlotteRiots pic . twitter .    —    myrcat ( @Myrna_Perez ) September 22 , 2016 ,   They stole the cash register inside and stripped it from the cash register its contents the cash register This was only ONE local business pic . twitter .    —    myrcat ( @Myrna_Perez ) September 22 , 2016 ,   Firework thrown at police in Charlotte . Still very much an active situation . Tear gas being used every couple minutes pic . twitter .    —    Marcus DiPaola ( @marcusdipaola ) September 22 , 2016 ,   " Oh snap , they ’re just my size ! " pic . twitter .    —    myrcat ( @Myrna_Perez ) September 22 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 1:24 A. M. All of this comes after earlier in the day in phone calls with the mayors of Charlotte and of Tulsa , Oklahoma , President Obama apparently urged peaceful protests —   per his senior President Obama Valerie Jarrett : . @POTUS expresses his concern President Obama @MayorBartlett and @CLTMayor during this challenging time pic . twitter .    —    Valerie Jarrett ( @vj44 ) September 21 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 1:22 A. M. This video from a Facebook user appears to show the scene where a gunshot was fired . Toward the end of the clip , a loud shot is heard and then the person shooting the video 1:22 A. M. This video from a Facebook user away quickly from the scene . the scene where a gunshot was fired A. M.   Hillary Rodham Clinton , the Democratic nominee for president , just announced through a Democratic National Committee press release —   without any explanation —   that a press call Democrats had planned to work with the black community is now canceled . " Hillary Clinton knows that HBCUs are an engine of opportunity for students of color and that they have made huge students of color our country . She understands the long Hillary Clinton significance of HBCUs for black students and their families and has real policies to address college affordability and ensure that HBCUs not only survive   —    but thrive , " the Democratic National Committee had previously said in an announcement of a press call . " By contrast , Donald Trump has no plans , and he has only insults Donald Trump the    community . He trafficks in offensive Donald Trump , talks down to African Americans day after day on the campaign trail , and wants to eliminate the Department of Education , which would mean eliminating college aid for millions of students , including HBCU enrollees . " The press call was supposed to include Assistant Democratic House Leader Rep. Jim Clyburn ( ) Rep. Alma Adams ( ) and DC Federation of College Democrats President Adriyanna Andreus . Shortly after midnight —   after Governor McCrory declared a state of emergency in Charlotte —   the DNC announced without any explanation that the Clinton campaign press call was canceled . "   * THE FOLLOWING EVENT HAS BEEN POSTPONED * " the DNC said in the DNC to press . That comes after Donald Trump , the Republican nominee for president , earlier on Wednesday taped a townhall event in Cleveland with Fox News’ Sean Hannity where Trump laid out his plans to deal with Trump for America ’s black communities . UPDATE 12:38 A. M. Video of Governor McCrory ’s interview on CNN , Joined @DonLemon on @CNN to discuss State of Emergency in Charlotte . We want peace . We Joined @DonLemon conversation . And Joined @DonLemon want to support our Joined @DonLemon . pic . Joined @DonLemon .    —    Pat McCrory ( @PatMcCroryNC ) September 22 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 12:33 A. M. Breitbart News’ Jen Lawrence files this report after speaking to people on the ground : Charlotte resident Clay Banks was about twenty feet away when a man was shot during Wednesday night ’s protest . Banks described to Breitbart News what he says began as a a man protest uptown : " It was very , very civil . People were in the streets . They were walking , marching People They were holding up signs People They were chanting . And People police were just on guard . The police were in the the police …      some had riot gear on . " But then things took a turn for the worse . " The peaceful protests lasted for about an hour until there were flash bangs and tear gas launched into the crowd , " Banks continued . " The first bang that I heard , sounded like a flash bang . About five minutes later people were saying a man was shot and they were saying he was dead people And they a man saying they watched it people . And people was all about twenty feet from me . And , later the a man confirmed the man was shot and killed a man Banks went on to talk about the confusion in the crowd that ensued as word of the shooting spread . " The people who talked to me said this was a cop that a man the man dead . The media is a man it was a     shooting , " he said . " There is a conflict a man what people are saying . " When asked if there were signs of anything that would have led up to a shooting , Banks responded " No , no   …      a couple slick people in the crowd were yelling louder than others , but there [ were ] no bricks through windows . There was nothing to warrant a shooting especially a legal shooting [ by law enforcement of ] a civilian . Nothing like that transpired at all . I was literally right there . " UPDATE 12:13 A. M. CNN ’s Don Lemon describes it as a " peaceful protest that turned violent . " Lemon says that the protesters are really " Don Lemon this evening . " Meanwhile , local news photographs keep coming out of the damage that the protesters did to property : CATS bus the protesters pic . twitter .    —    Brett Baldeck ( @BrettFOX46 ) September 22 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 12:11 A. M. Freelance photographer Marcus DiPaulo says " there is a very large hole in this building " while describing significant damage the protesters did to the Bank of America building the protesters Charlotte , as local police officials confirm this is the worst unrest in decades . We talked with a    member of CMPD who says this is the worst unrest in over 25 years .   —    Mike Hanson ( @MikeWCNC ) September 22 , 2016 ,   Reports are also surfacing that protesters looted or damaged the NASCAR Hall of Fame . Hearing reports NASCAR Hall of Fame was looted and or damaged . the NASCAR Hall of Fame Baldeck ( Fame ) September 22 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 12:07 A. M. A freelance photographer , Marcus DiPaulo , swears on live television on CNN , saying " oh CNN " as he notes " the situation is devolving very quickly " and that he 12:07 A. M. A freelance photographer, Marcus DiPaulo his " gas mask off " for the first time since 12:07 A. M. A freelance photographer, Marcus DiPaulo after 12:07 A. M. A freelance photographer, Marcus DiPaulo p. m. The reporter notes that to call into CNN , he had to CNN cover " behind something " and describes it as The reporter " very fluid situation down here . " The photographer notes that after covering protests in Baltimore and Milwaukee , this 12:07 A. M. A freelance photographer, Marcus DiPaulo the worst " violence and destruction he ’s seen in years of covering protests . " I have n’t seen many fires set besides a couple of trash cans , " DiPaulo noted . Meanwhile , more images are surfacing of the violent acts that protesters engaged in —   specifically the destruction of property throughout Charlotte . Charlotte smashed , vehciles damaged following protests in Uptown # Charlotte tonight Charlotte Charlotte .   pic . twitter .    —    FOX 46 Charlotte ( Charlotte ) September 22 , 2016 ,   Photo from @katieperalta from the # CharlotteProtest . Wow . pic . twitter .    —    Jacob Goldstein ( @GoldsteinStreet ) September 22 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 11:48 P. M. Another local reporter confirms the situation is unsafe for media and that their newsroom is evacuating the area . UPDATE : We are leaving Uptown Charlotte . Situation media unsafe . Charlotte    Brett Baldeck ( @BrettFOX46 ) September 22 , 2016 ,   Both officers and protesters are warning reporters that the situation will soon devolve . BREAKING : CMPD SWAT unit just left headquarters . Officers and protesters warned us things are about to get bad pic . twitter .    —    Bill Melugin ( @BillFOX46 ) September 22 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 11:45 P. M. A newsman for the local Fox affiliate announces that their news team is officially evacuating the area as the protests are unsafe even for the news P. M. A newsman for the local Fox affiliate . We are officially evacuating the area our FOX crews from uptown Charlotte . National Guard en route , Charlotte Charlotte , protests escalating . We Fox    Bill Melugin ( @BillFOX46 ) September 22 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 11:44 P. M. A local news reporter Tweets that authorities have now confirmed that the man shot at the protests on Wednesday evening has died . The person who was shot during the protest has died , the protests . Still do n’t know who did the shooting . pic . twitter .    —    Bill Melugin ( @BillFOX46 ) September 22 , 2016 ,     UPDATE 11:43 P. M. Dirtbikes and ATVs are now rolling through the city as a local reporter notes the situation is the city   of control . " This is out of control . ATVs   dirt bikes have taken over the intersection . pic . twitter .    —    Logan Sherrill ( @LoganFox46 ) September 22 , 2016 ,     UPDATE 11:40 P. M. McCrory Twitter CNN , says unequivocally : CNN violence is unacceptable . " He calls for the protection of the constitutional rights of police officers and everyone else , and urges the public to wait for the full facts to come out on the instance of the shooting of Keith Lamont Scott . McCrory says Charlotte is a Governor McCrory " I have a passion Charlotte a love for , " and notes that he knows " every block Governor McCrory that city . " He says the people of Governor McCrory are good people , and he has confidence Charlotte the Governor McCrory will come a city soon . UPDATE 11:29 P. M. Governor McCory weighs in via Twitter to inform people he has declared a State of Emergency . I have declared a State of Emergency   initiated efforts to deploy the Nat’l Guard   11:29 P. M. Governor McCory Patrol to assist local law enforcement in CLT ,   —    Pat McCrory ( @PatMcCroryNC ) September 22 , 2016 ,   He also called into the Fox News Channel to lay out why he was doing it , which was to help the police : 11:29 P. M. Governor McCory @PatMcCroryNC on declaring state of emergency in Charlotte : " The 11:29 P. M. Governor McCory thing that the Fox News Channel ’m Charlotte is providing assets to the police department . " pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) September 22 , 2016 ,   On CNN , Gov. McCory says CNN chief of police " requested the additional assistance . " McCrory , on CNN in Governor McCrory interview with CNN Lemon 11:29 P. M. Governor McCory that the state of North Carolina has been preparing Don Lemon type of scenario since 8 a. m. this morning . He also says he is Governor McCrory with the Governor McCrory of police on the orders that will be given to the National Guard troops being brought out now . " We can not tolerate the chief of police not tolerate the destruction of property and we will not tolerate the attacks towards our police officers right now , " McCrory says , praising the Governor McCrory for their work in the matter . Asked about we curfew being considered , McCrory —   the former Governor McCrory of Charlotte —   has said it is a " our police officers option " but up to local officials . McCrory also asks the media Governor McCrory not encourage or incite the protesters . UPDATE 11:27 P. M. It ’s unclear what condition the man who was the protesters the protests on Wednesday evening is in . WRAL , a local media outlet , is reporting authorities are it that he is the protests —   but on life support . Just In : Officials : Man shot in Charlotte protests on life support , not dead https Charlotte   . the man who was shot at the protests on Wednesday evening # wral ,   —    WRAL NEWS in NC ( @WRAL ) September 22 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 11:25 P. M. The media has come under attack in Charlotte , as protesters have targeted them : One Charlotte our crews was attacked in Uptown . Reporter   Cameraman taken by ambulance to the media   —    Mike Hanson ( @MikeWCNC ) September 22 , 2016 protesters   WCCB is reporting a few people tried to put a news photographer into a flaming trashcan and police came to his aid ,   —    Jonathan Jones ( @jjones9 ) September 22 , 2016 ,   # WCCB witnessed protesters try to throw still photographer into fire in Uptown # Charlotte a news photographer https :   .   Charlotte news pic . twitter .    —    WCCB , Charlotte ’s CW ( @WCCBCharlotte ) September 22 , 2016 , Charlotte crew from local media station taken to hospital after being attacked in # CharlotteProtest . # WCCB ’s thoughts are with you @wcnc . # news ,   —    WCCB , Charlotte ’s CW ( the #CharlotteProtest September 22 , 2016 ,   Charlotte 11:24 P. M. A state of WCCB been declared in Charlotte by North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory —   and the National Charlotte has been activated , according to CNN —   per a CNN from the    police chief . CNN is reporting that the CNN North Carolina in shortly . UPDATE 11:20 P. M. A photo has surfaced of a man throwing a chair through a restaurant window . UPDATE 11:03 National Guard en route CNN ’s Don Lemon is CNN that an officer was injured . A local Don Lemon that CNN are " Don Lemon bottles " and the situation has " gotten very ugly " as protesters are fighting with Don Lemon other and police . Live on CNN , a variety of CNN keep going off . Apparently , they are from —   according to earlier reports from the Associated Press —   police " firing flash grenades at protesters who were throwing fireworks at them . " " They then fired tear gas at the hundreds of protesters , dispersing most of the crowd , " a variety of explosions AP added about the , Lemon also advises viewers to remove their children from the room if they choose to keep the broadcast on because they a variety of explosions potentially hear Don Lemon a variety of explosions is not good for them to hear . UPDATE 10:30 P. M. North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory has issued a statement on Charlotte protests   …      . @PatMcCroryNC viewers statement on the violent Charlotte viewers uptown Charlotte # CharlotteProtest # keithlamontscott pic viewers twitter .    — Charlotte Charlotte WBTV Web ( viewers ) September 22 , 2016 ,     …      as the violence and tear gas continue : Police take down another protestor and fire more tear gas . # CharlotteProtest pic . twitter .    —    Todd Walker ( @ToddWalkerNews ) September 22 , 2016 ,   Protestors huddle in pkg garage after getting hit by tear gas . Pour milk in eyes   mouth . Say do not use water in eyes . # CharlotteProtest pic . twitter .    —    Heather Lacy ( @Heather_Lacy1 ) September 22 , 2016 ,   Protester kicking and breaking apartment windows on live tv # CharlotteProtest pic . twitter .    —    gifdsports ( @gifdsports ) September 22 , 2016 ,   FYI : There are police officers of all races , creeds , and backgrounds lined up out there doing their jobs tonight . # CharlotteProtest pic . twitter .    —    Erik Brooks ( @ChipBrooks17 ) September 22 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 10:00 P. M. A CNN reporter was assaulted during tonight protests . DEVELOPING VIDEO : CNN reporter knocked over during CNN Charlotte protests   pic creeds, and backgrounds twitter .    —    Al Boe ( Charlotte ) September 22 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 9:44 P. the protests Where is President @BarackObama ? # Charlotte is protesting and one dead   among them . We are Charlotte Charlotte this . # pray for # America pic . twitter .    —    HARRISFAULKNER ( @HARRISFAULKNER ) September 22 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 9:43 p. m. Seven police , and one civilian , have reportedly been treat at a local hospital . UPDATE 9:40 P. M. City officials say the dead person was not shot by police . ALERT : Fatal shot uptown was civilian on civilian . @CMPD did not fire shot .   —    City of Charlotte ( @CLTgov ) September 22 , 2016 ,   City officials are trying Charlotte explain the police shooting on Sept. 20 , here , Facts from the @CMPD    shooting investigation : https :   .    —    City of Charlotte ( @CLTgov ) September 21 , 2016 ,   UPDATE 9:29 p. m. Charlotte TV station WCNC reports that a person was killed by the shooting . Police driving protestors back with tear gas . # Charlotte pic . twitter .    —    Original Team Trump ( @jpm05880 Charlotte Charlotte , 2016 ,   UPDAYE 9:15 P. M. WCNC lost a link to its    camera crew when the protesters fled from pepper spray . UPDATE 9:10 P. M.   According to the Associated Press : #America pic service in Charlotte says a person has been taken to the hospital with    injuries from an Charlotte gunshot wound . Local TV station WCNC the person was injured Wednesday night but Local TV station WCNC give details . The service says it has taken eight patients   the Associated Press    officers and one civilian   —    to area hospitals during protests over the police shooting of a black man .    # BREAKING tonight : New video out of # Charlotte shows violent clashes between a person police and protesters . # KellyFile pic Charlotte Charlotte    The emergency medical service in Charlotte Megyn Kelly The emergency medical service in Charlotte @megynkelly ) September 22 , 2016 ,   Yup , throwing    gas on the ground to the Charlotte protests . Yup , that will " calm these " down . # Charlotte pic North Carolina .    —    Andrew Jerell Jones ( @sluggahjells ) September Charlotte Charlotte ,   BREAKING : A person has been the protests KeithLamontScott protest in # Charlotte . # BlackLivesMatter # KeithScott pic . twitter .    —    Justin Gibson ( Charlotte Charlotte 22 , 2016 ,   They losing it in # #America pic 2 . pic . twitter .    —    IG : iamBDAHT ( @BDAHT Charlotte Charlotte , 2016 ,     UPDATE 8:10 P. M. A prayer vigil over the fatal police shooting of a black man in Charlotte has turned into a protest march through downtown . Several hundred marchers have been angry but peaceful Wednesday Charlotte as they shouted slogans like " Hands up do n’t shoot " and " Black lives matter " outside downtown landmarks . Police blocked off streets , and some protesters yelled and pointed at them , but officers did not react . The scene was in contrast to Tuesday ’s protest , which turned violent with protesters threw rocks and damaged police vehicles .  
 Several hundred marchers Police 