It was fun to take a look around the world on the eve of the 2016 election , and get an idea of how media in other countries was covering the event . How are other countries dealing with the outcome ? [ La Nación of Buenos Aires said the entire world was on " tenterhooks " waiting for the last votes to be counted , and Hillary Clinton to offer Hillary Clinton formal concession , while a " thunderous collapse in world markets " accompanied the " surprise electoral turn . " As it turned out , the entire world swiftly came down off its it , and the markets were just fine by the end of the day .   The Argentinian paper ’s caricatures for Trump and Clinton next to the final vote counts were true works of art : The Brisbane    predicted financial apocalypse for Australia if Trump Trump held up : Spain ’s El Mundo was not happy about the United States entering " the era of populism , " crediting Trump ’s Trump " the indignation of white , rural America " : Austria ’s Neue Vorarlberger Tageszeitung decided to check on us and see if we were all us after Tuesday night ’s excitement , and warned the new U. S. head of state that he would face the new U. S. head of state enormous challenges " because " the country is deeply divided . " Another Austrian paper , Voralberger Nachrichten , decided Hillary Clinton was the star of the show , even though she lost . Hillary Clinton Dimly visible     in the background : the guy who won ) : For Trouw of Amsterdam , on the other hand , the cover story was all about Trump and his " revolution Trump : Het Parool of the Netherlands trumped Trouw‘s appreciation of Trump with a Trump that declared him " the Trump of forgotten America " : Brazil ’s Journal do Comemrcio said a lot with a single gigantic punctuation mark . The accompanying cover text asserts that Trump ’s " Trump " are " often described as crazy or vain " : Belgium ’s De Morgen called for Americans to unite now that the election was over , with a cartoon that made it look like the election and Clinton Trump afoul of the creature from John Carpenter ’s The Thing : Italy ’s La Stampa used two of the stranger photos of Clinton and Trump Clinton commemorate Trump the day that changed America . " Barcelona ’s Ara declared Trump had set Trump an " earthquake , " and somehow found a single crowd shot that captured the full spectrum of responses to his victory : Barcelona’s Ara ’s    said America must " America " the results of the election now , and envisioned Uncle Sam complaining about a stomach ache : Taiwan ’s United Evening News saw the election as the election happier event : The Arab News of Saudi Arabia portrayed Trump ’s election as the " end of an era " that stretched from September 11th through the Obama years , and spent most of the front page blowing a raspberry at Barack Obama ’s Middle East policies : 
 