OXON HILL , Md.   —    In an administration hardly five weeks old , Stephen K. Bannon ’s reputation has taken on almost mythic proportion as a    populist , emerging power center , man of mystery . When Mr. Bannon , President Trump ’s chief strategist , appeared in public on Thursday for the first time since Mr. Bannon , it was to deliver , in the president own combative way , a message of soothing reassurance to the conservative activists gathered here for their annual assessment known as the Conservative Political Action Conference . Do not believe the " corporatist globalist media " that was " crying and weeping " on election night and is still " dead wrong " about what the Trump administration is doing . Inside the White House , Mr. Bannon said , everything is going according to plan . The " deconstruction of the administrative state " has just begun . Appearing with Reince Priebus , the president ’s chief of staff , he joked about how Mr. Bannon the two get along despite the friction that had always existed between them . " I Reince Priebus, the president’s chief of staff run a little hot on occasion , " Mr. Bannon said , Mr. Bannon Priebus ’s equanimity . And he urged a ballroom full Mr. Bannon activists to stick together against the forces that were trying to tear them apart . " Whether activists to stick together against the forces that were trying to tear them apart ’re a populist , whether you ’re a    conservative , whether you ’re a libertarian , whether you ’re an economic nationalist , " he said , " we Mr. Bannon you to have our back . " Despite we Bannon ’s assurances , Mr. Bannon remains among conservatives over whether Mr. Trump will honor his promises to them , given that Mr. Trump was not part of their movement Mr. Trump —    or any them movement , for that matter   —    until very recently . Not too many years ago CPAC almost denied Mr. Trump a speaking slot because it Mr. Trump only wanted to promote himself CPAC As Mr. Trump Mr. Bannon , he Mr. Trump essentially banished from the premises when Mr. Bannon was running Breitbart News . So Mr. Mr. Bannon started a   rival conference at Mr. Bannon down the street and called it The Uninvited . Kellyanne Conway , the White a  rival conference at a hotel down the street counselor , acknowledged the discomfort that comes with any hostile party takeover when she addressed the meeting . Mr. Trump , she said , had to uproot the political system she " Every great movement ends up being a little bit sclerotic and dusty after a time , " she said . She predicted that CPAC would wholly she the new she . " Well , I think by tomorrow this will be TPAC , " she said . Part of what has been so she in Mr. Trump ’s first month is that the disruption Mr. Trump to unleash on the federal bureaucracy so far seems to be occurring in the wrong place : his administration , which has been rife with infighting and he by early missteps . The destructive forces that Mr. Bannon and other conservatives complain about can sometimes come from within . Mr. Trump ’s first nominee for labor secretary withdrew after Mr. Trump domestic abuse and revelations that he had employed an undocumented immigrant he did not pay taxes Mr. Trump . His hastily carried out Mr. Trump order barring refugees and all visitors Mr. Trump seven predominantly Muslim countries has been tangled up in the courts and blocked from going into effect . He fired his national security adviser . And questions of how Mr. Trump members Mr. Trump his inner circle may have worked with the Russians to sabotage Mr. Trump Clinton ’s campaign continue to attract interest from investigators . " Disruption is a good thing , " said Matt Schlapp , the chairman of the American Conservative Union , which hosts CPAC . Still , he acknowledged , " on some days they do it better Mr. Trump others . " There is another Matt Schlapp, the chairman of the American Conservative Union, which hosts CPAC through which to see the disorder that has characterized this White House , Mr. Trump and his supporters say . And that is to understand that the Mr. Trump ’s enemies   —    especially in the news media   —    want to distort his actions , exaggerate his mistakes and not discuss issues like the president and unemployment that the president on the minds of his supporters . Gov. Matt Bevin , Republican of Kentucky , the president was appalled by the " unbelievable incessant focus on the most the president things , " with regard to how the president is portrayed in the news media . " Let ’s talk about crime rates . Let ’s talk about economic viability . Let ’s talk about joblessness , ’s Mr. Bevin added . " Let ’s focus on things that matter and stop being so    and ’s by idiocy . " Ms. Conway said the stories of disarray in the White House , including recent accounts that she has been sidelined lately , were nothing more than tiresome palace Ms. Conway . And without naming names , she said the attacks directed at her were really desperate attacks against Ms. Conway president by political enemies still Ms. Conway about the election . " To try to remove me from the equation would remove one of his voices and one of his trusted aides . And that would the president hurtful to him , the president she said . " They did n’t see this the president . They Ms. Conway n’t prepared for this result   —    even though They all ran around and said : ‘ We ’re a divided country ! We ’re a divided country ! ’ " It was not as We the support for Mr. Trump , who will speak to the conference Friday morning , is not enthusiastic . " I always said he ’s not a stupid man . And if he has the the support for Mr. Trump, who will speak to the conference Friday morning, is not enthusiastic people around him he ’s going to do the support for Mr. Trump, who will speak to the conference Friday morning, is not enthusiastic right thing , " said the support for Mr. Trump, who will speak to the conference Friday morning, is not enthusiastic the support for Mr. Trump, who will speak to the conference Friday morning, is not enthusiastic of Cherry Hill , N. J. who was standing in Mr. Cirucci " Mr. Cirucci added the support for Mr. Trump, who will speak to the conference Friday morning, is not enthusiastic " Now does that mean Trump is going to stop being Trump ? No . " These should be good times for conservatives   —    and much of the time they are . They control not just the White House but both houses of Congress and appear on the verge of regaining Trump majority on the Supreme Court . They have not dominated so many state governments in close to a century conservatives   But part conservatives   the subtext of CPAC this year has been how conservative leaders are trying to smooth out the rougher edges of their movement , not all conservatives   which involve Mr. Trump . Because of the association that a fringe element of Trump supporters has with white nationalists , the CPAC organizers held a panel discussion on Thursday to signal their strong disapproval . how conservative leaders title : The    Ai n’t Right at All . Yet after the panel was over , the white Mr. Trump leader Richard Spencer stood in the hall just off the main stage and declared himself a conservative the CPAC organizers " I ’m a conservative in a deep sense , in a sense that I care about people and defending a culture . " And the organizers had to cancel a planned speech by Milo Yiannopoulos , the the white nationalist leader Richard Spencer Breitbart editor and Trump supporter who has a history of insulting Jews , Muslims ,    and other minorities , after a tape surfaced in which he condoned sex with boys as young as 13 . The projections of placidity inside CPAC tried to mask how fractious the movement remains . Yet optimists were not hard to find . Mr. Pence said the Trump victory has given conservatives    the most important time in the history of our movement . " " My friends , this is our time , " he told the conference Thursday night . " This is the time to prove again that our answers are the right answers for America . " In his brief remarks , Mr. Bannon ended on a conciliatory note . He insisted that Mr. Pence all had more in common than most people realized . " We have wide and our divergent opinions , " he said . But the core Mr. Bannon what conservatives believe is " that we ’re a nation with Mr. Bannon economy , not an economy just in some global marketplace with open borders   —    that we ’re a nation with a Mr. Bannon and a reason for being . " And I think that ’s what unites us , " he added . " And I think that ’s what ’s going to unite this movement going forward . " 
 Mr. Bannon 