Both Democrat Hillary R. Clinton and Republican Donald J. Trump have 40 percent of the vote in the race for Colorado ’s nine electoral votes , according to the    poll conducted Nov. 1 and Nov. 2 with 1 , 125 registered voters in the state . [ " This race has tightened , especially when you consider that in August the Clinton campaign was so confident that This race announced This race was pulling This race ads money from the state to focus on other targets , " said Doug Kaplan , the managing partner of Gravis Marketing , the    polling company that executed the poll . The the poll a 2 . 9 percent margin of error with a 95 percent level of confidence .   Kaplan said , " Now the Clinton campaign is advertising in Colorado again and former president Bill Clinton made three stops in the the state . " Libertarian Gary Johnson has the support of seven percent of the respondents , with Green Party nominee Dr. Jill Stein the choice of four percent . In the 2012 presidential race , President Barack Obama beat Republican W. Mitt Romney with 52 percent of the vote to Romney ’s 46 percent . In the Senate race the 2012 presidential race Michael Bennet holds a slight edge over his GOP rival Daryl Glenn Democratic Sen. Michael Bennet with 47 percent of the voters to Glenn ’s 44 percent —   just at the margin of error . The poll participants were asked a series of questions to gauge the mood of Colorado ’s electorate . Sixty percent of the participants said the country The poll participants in the wrong direction and 31 percent said it was going in the right the country .    percent of respondents said Obamacare was not a success and 33 percent said the president ’s healthcare reform legislation was a success . Asked : Why do you think FBI Director James Comey chose to reopen the investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s use of a private email server while Secretary of State after the agency recently uncovered thousands of emails on the laptop used by Clinton ’s closest adviser ?    Hillary Clinton’s of the respondents said Comey believed that he had found FBI Director James Comey significant development FBI Director James Comey 39 percent said the FBI director was trying to influence the election . Although the rebooting of the FBI investigation has dominated the news , 61 percent of respondents said it would not affect their vote 61 percent of respondents while 17 percent 61 percent of respondents it was " More Likely " 61 percent of respondents have an impact and 23 percent said it was " Less Likely . " Asked : How concerned are you that if Hillary Clinton were elected President her current controversies and scandals will Hillary Clinton to be a central focus of her Presidency and detract from her Hillary Clinton to lead the country Hillary Clinton Sixty percent of the respondents said they were concerned , broken down Sixty percent of the respondents 47 percent saying they were " Very Concerned " Sixty percent of the respondents 15 percent saying they " Concerned . " Seventeen Sixty percent of the respondents said they were " Not Concerned at Seventeen percent " and 19 percent said they were " Not Very Concerned Seventeen percent " The poll was conducted using interactive voice response polling and an internet panel of cell phone users with results weighted to match a proprietary turnout model .    percent of the respondents said they had already voted . Colorado percent of the respondents November 3 , 2016 ) v2 by Breitbart News on Scribd , 
 