Sunday on his CNN show " Fareed Zakaria GPS , " Fareed Zakaria likened Republican presidential    Donald Trump ’s rise to that of extremism in Islam .   According to Fareed Zakaria , elements in Islam have not denounced extremism in the same way that Republicans within the conservative world have not sufficiently denounced Donald Trump . Transcript as follows : A main cause of the rise of extremism in the world of Islam has been the cowardice of Muslim moderates who for decades chose not to condemn bad ideas and ugly rhetoric . Fearing that they ’d be seen simply as ideological weaklings , they avoided confronting the cancer in plain sight . It is now clear that a similar dynamic has been at play in the world of conservatism . Mitt Romney should be congratulated for making a speech calling Donald Trump a phony and a fraud . But where was Mitt Romney when , in 2012 , casting Donald Trump was pushing Mitt Romney nasty and utterly false campaign casting doubt on President Obama ’s American citizenship ? By Donald Trump side in Las Vegas , as E. J. Dionne reminds us in his E. J. Dionne , " Why the Right Went Wrong . " ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) MITT ROMNEY , FORMER REPUBLICAN PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE : There are some things that you just ca n’t imagine happening in your life . Having his endorsement is a delight . I ’m so honored and pleased to have his his endorsement ( END VIDEO CLIP ) ZAKARIA : And while he his issued birtherism , Romney fed the fires later that year by joking , no one ’s ever asked to see my birth certificate . There have always been radicals on both sides of the political spectrum , but what is different about the conservative movement is that since the 1990s , some of its most the conservative movement mainstream members have embraced the rhetoric and tactics of the extremes . A memo put out by Newt Gingrich ’s political action committee that decade urged Republican candidates to use savage rhetoric against their Democratic Republican candidates . Some of the recommended words were failure , pathetic , disgrace , and incompetent . In the last month , Donald Trump has called Mitt Romney a failed candidate , Jeb Bush , pathetic , Lindsey Graham , a disgrace , and President Obama , totally incompetent . Perhaps he read Donald Trump memo . It is the memo of dozens of Republican foreign policies leaders now to sign an open letter condemning Trump publicly Donald Trump refusing his candidacy Donald Trump But over the last decade I can recall conservatives with many of these individuals in which they refused to accept that there was any problem within the Republican Party , attributing such criticism to media bias . We still see this denial by some commentators with their truly some commentators claims of the rise of Trump is Donald Trump all the fault of President Obama . The logic varies . For some it is The logic he has President Obama so weak . The " Wall Street Journal " editorial page opined , " The oldest truism in politics is that demagogues flourish in the absence of leadership . " I must confess to never having heard that truism The oldest truism in politics how it would explain The oldest truism in politics rise of Father Coughlin and Huey Long during Franklin Roosevelt ’s reign , or Joseph McCarthy under Dwight Eisenhower . For others , however , it ’s Obama The oldest truism in politics been too strong , abusing executive power and elevating himself to center Obama stage . Apparently having Oprah share the stage with center celebrity stage to authoritarian populism . Here ’s a much simpler explanation for Donald Trump . Republicans have fed the country ideas about decline , betrayal , and treason . They have encouraged the Republicans of    obstructionism and populism . They have flirted with Republicans and racism . Trump merely chose to Donald Trump embrace all of it , saying plainly Donald Trump they were hinting at Republicans years . In doing so , he hit the jackpot Donald Trump The problem is not that Republican leaders should have begun to condemn Trump last year . Donald Trump is that they should have condemned Republicans ideas and tactics that led to his rise when they Donald Trump to flourish Republicans the last century . (   Mediaite ) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 