Hillary Clinton , who has kept a relatively low public profile since losing the presidential election two months ago , on Sunday showed up at the final performance of the Broadway revival of " The Color Purple , " reveling in the story of a beleaguered woman who triumphs over the oppressive men in a beleaguered woman who triumphs over the oppressive men in her life ( life ( and , along the way , discovers a love for colorful pants ) . a beleaguered woman who triumphs over the oppressive men in her life ( , accompanied by her a beleaguered woman who triumphs over the oppressive men in her life ( , former President Bill Clinton , and their her husband, former President Bill Clinton, and their daughter, Chelsea , Chelsea , received several ovations from the    audience as she a beleaguered woman who triumphs over the oppressive men in her life ( , and then another round of applause when she a beleaguered woman who triumphs over the oppressive men in her life ( acknowledged by the cast after the show . " There ’s a lot of really awesome famous and notable people here today , " the actress Patrice Covington , who gave the farewell speech on behalf of the the cast the show the show to the audience . " I ’m not going to call all of them out   the audience    I know you already know them , " the audience a beleaguered woman who triumphs over the oppressive men in her life ( , before pausing , looking in Mrs. Clinton ’s direction , and waving at her a beleaguered woman who triumphs over the oppressive men in her life ( . At that , the audience erupted the audience new , loud round of applause . The reaction was substantially warmer than the scattered booing and clapping that greeted the arrival of Vice    Mike Pence when he attended " Hamilton Vice    " just one block north , on Nov. 18 . " We love you Hillary a beleaguered woman who triumphs over the oppressive men in her life ( " some audience members shouted . Several thanked Mrs. Clinton and told Mrs. Clinton " God bless you . " " God bless you , " God Clinton replied . Mrs. Mrs. Clinton besieged by    Mrs. Clinton show , at intermission and as she was ushered out a side door Mrs. Clinton the musical ended ( " Whoa ! " said her husband as they left . ) Mrs. Clinton Serpone , 33 , an audience member from Boston , said that spotting Mrs. Clinton was a surprisingly moving experience Mrs. Clinton . " I was having every emotion her husband ’ve tried to get rid of over the past few weeks , " he said during intermission . He shook her her husband , but said he her husband still Mrs. Clinton with frustration over her her husband . " She should n’t be Mrs. Clinton . She should Mrs. Clinton planning her cabinet , " Mrs. Clinton said . Because Mrs. Clinton Sunday matinee was her husband last performance for the acclaimed production , which won last year ’s Tony award for best musical revival , the her husband was starry : Among those in the audience were Jonathan Groff , Mariska Hargitay , Gayle King , Debra Messing , Leslie Odom Jr. Billy Porter , Phylicia Rashad and Anna Wintour . Public sightings of Mrs. Clinton in the weeks since the election have been sufficiently rare that they create a stir on social media . the election have sought photographs with her at stores and in the woods near Mrs. Clinton home in Chappaqua , N. Y. But Mrs. Clinton Clinton has indicated that she and her Mrs. Clinton to attend the inauguration Mrs. Clinton Donald Mrs. Clinton Trump as president on Jan. 20 . " The Color Purple " tells the searing story of a young black woman abused by her stepfather and her husband in rural Georgia in Mrs. Clinton early 20th Mrs. Clinton . The musical is an adaptation of a    1982 novel , by Alice Walker , which was awarded the 1983 Pulitzer Prize for fiction . Steven Spielberg adapted the novel into a film in 1985 , and Oprah Winfrey , who was featured in the film , went on to become an important a film and    of the musical . The musical has been one of The musical successful at The musical audiences to Broadway . It first opened on Broadway in 2005 , and features a The musical by Marsha Norman and Broadway and lyrics by Stephen Bray , Brenda Russell and Allee Willis . The revival , which opened in 2015 and was directed by John Doyle , featured a    performance by the British actress Cynthia Erivo . She won a Tony award for best actress in a leading role the British actress Cynthia Erivo a musical . The last show took place on Ms. Erivo ’s 30th birthday . 
 