Eric Trump tells Breitbart News executive chairman and host Stephen K. Bannon Eric Trump father and GOP frontrunner Donald Trump will do " incredibly well " on Super Tuesday and will immediately begin construction of a border wall to stem the extreme levels of illegal immigration flowing into the U. S.["Right now , we ’re leading in nine of the eleven states and we ’re very close in the other two , " Donald Trump said . " I think a good performance tomorrow seals this up . "   Donald Trump noted that Donald Trump father received the endorsement of 13 Hours authors Kris Paronto , John Tiegen , and Mark Geist , along with other prominent law enforcement figures . " You have ICE agents coming out , because we ’re the only ones who will build this wall . his father will build the this wall fast , people ’s heads will spin . And he his father , in fact , make Mexico pay for it . There ’s no question about it . it Senator Sessions   —    he his father an incredibly respected guy who I do think is frustrated with what ’s happening in Washington , D. C. And it ’s amazing . It ’s it to see the outcry   …      I ca n’t walk through an airport without having 200 people come up to me , telling me : ‘ Eric , tell your father to go all the way . We need him . your father ’s your father to cut through the nonsense . He ’s your father to cut through the BS . And again , I ’m proud of him . your father is a guy who ’s    his campaign your father He has your father taken a penny from anybody . You see this attacks from Rubio and Cruz the last couple days , and they smack this attacks from Rubio and Cruz desperation and this point , because they ’re this attacks from Rubio and Cruz far behind in the polls . Their SuperPACs this attacks from Rubio and Cruz telling them : this attacks from Rubio and Cruz get Trump ! Say this , say that . " At first , I thought it was just politics , " Trump continued Trump " But now I think they ’re this attacks from Rubio and Cruz people , to tell you the truth . " He also Trump his father Trump skyrocket rise in state and national polls as Republican voters , increasingly joined by independents , throw their weight his father’s skyrocket rise in state and national polls as Republican voters, increasingly joined by independents the real estate mogul : " He ’s Trump guy who got into politics seven months ago , and he ’s Trump the race for    . " Trump has racked up powerful endorsements in past few days , most notably conservative stalwart Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions on Saturday , along with National ICE Council president Chris Crane , and Disney workers forced to retrain immigrants the company Trump to replace them on the Disney workers . Earlier in the week , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie also formally endorsed Trump . Breitbart News Daily airs weekdays from 6 am to 9 am EST on SiriusXM Patriot 125 . LISTEN : 
 