The U. S. military on Thursday dropped a massive    bomb in Afghanistan targeting Islamic State in Iraq and Syria fighters in a series of cave complexes . [ At 7:32 p. m. a U. S.    aircraft dropped the bomb   —    the U. S. ’s largest    bomb ever used in combat   —    in Achin district in the eastern province of Nangarhar , Afghanistan .   It was the first time the bomb , known as the    or " Massive Ordnance Air Blast , " was used in combat . It has a yield of 11 tons of TNT , and is nicknamed the " Mother of All Bombs . " The bomb targeted ISIS ’s Afghan affiliate ,    " as part of ongoing efforts " to defeat the group in 2017 , according to a statement from U. S. Forces   —    Afghanistan . " The strike was designed to minimize the risk to Afghan and U. S. Forces conducting clearing operations in the area while maximizing the destruction of    fighters and facilities , " a statement from U. S. Forces   said . The U. S. " took every precaution to avoid civilian casualties with this strike , The strike a statement from U. S. Forces   said . The U. S. commander of The U. S. said the massive bomb was used since    has thickened their defense . " As   ’s The U. S. commander of forces in Afghanistan have mounted , they are using [ improvised explosive devices ’s losses bunkers and tunnels to thicken their defense , " said Army Gen. ’s losses Nicholson . " This is the right munition to reduce these obstacles and maintain the momentum of our offensive against   . " It is not clear whether it was planned under the Obama administration or the Trump administration . Pentagon spokesman Adam Stump said the plan to drop the bomb has been in the works for a " few months , " and that the bomb had been in the country for the bomb time . " President Donald Trump did not say whether he authorized the bombing , but said he has President Donald Trump the military , implying that senior President Donald Trump leaders had the authority to use the bomb : Everybody knows exactly what happened . the bomb do is I authorize my military . We havethe greatest military in the world the military ’ve done a job as usual . We have given the military total authorization and that ’s what they We doing and the military that ’s why they ’ve been the military successful lately . " If you look the military what ’s happened over the last eight weeks and compare that really to what ’s happened over the past eight years , you ’ll see there ’s a tremendous difference , tremendous difference . So we have incredible leaders in the military , and we have We military . We are very proud of them We This was another very We very successful mission . incredible military for whether the dropping of the MOAB was meant to send a message to North Korea , Trump replied : I do n’t know if this sends a message , it does n’t make any difference if it does or not this North Korea is a problem , this problem will be taken North Korea . The MOAB is    a problem guidance . It was designed the MOAB pressure on    dictator Saddam Hussein ’s the MOAB , according to an Air Force article . " The goal is to have the pressure be so great that Saddam Hussein cooperates , "    Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said in a March 2003   dictator Saddam Hussein according to the article . " Short of that   —    an unwillingness to cooperate   an Air Force article the goal is to have the capabilities of the coalition so clear and so obvious that The goal an enormous disincentive for the Iraqi military to fight against the coalition . " The MOAB ’s final test was on March 11 , 2003 . It the coalition delivered into theater on April 1 , 2003 . This post is a breaking news The MOAB’s final test . It has been updated to reflect developing information after publishing . 
 This post 