The CEO of Ford Motor Company dodged CNN ’s Poppy Harlow‘s question to The CEO of Ford Motor Company about whether Donald J. Trump was right when The CEO of Ford Motor Company said Ford will fire all of Ford employees in the United States and move all the jobs to Mexico . [ " You know , Poppy , it is really unfortunate when politics get in the way and the facts are : Ford ’s investment in the U. S. and commitment to American jobs has never been stronger , " said Mark Fields , who took over the Dearborn ,    automaker in July 2014 .   " So , Mr. Trump is wrong , correct ? " Harlow asked . " That is correct , " Harlow said . The jobs going to Mexico are new jobs and the American workers now building the Focus will be tasked with other production lines . " Facts are stubborn things sometimes , " Harlow said . " We are going to continue to lay them out in a season of a lot of political activity . " Harlow then asked why Ford is creating 2 , 800 new jobs to Mexico at all ? Why not create more jobs in America ? " We create jobs in many of the places where we do business , " Harlow said . " We are a global company and We produce in many different places and this is about growing We company globally . " Fields refused to comment on Trump ’s threat of a 35 percent tariff on American cars coming in from Mexico . Marks said Ford has created more than 28 , 000 new jobs in the U. S. in the last five years and Ford is the top American producer of vehicles . Trump , who is the Republican nominee for president , was reacting to Ford Ford Thursday announcement that it Ford making major changes in its Ford division . The Detroit Free Press reported : Ford Ford to eventually shift all North American    production from the U. S. to Mexico , CEO Mark Fields told investors Tuesday , even though the Ford production investments in Mexico have Mexico a lightning rod for controversy in the presidential election . " Over the next two to three years , we will have migrated all of our    we to Mexico and Mexico of the United States , " Fields said at a daylong investor conference in Dearborn . The paper also noted that Mexico has Mexico a " Mecca " for car makers and the country ’s auto production is now larger than Canada ’s . Ford ’s Fusion and Fiesta models are already made in Mexico . Mexico new Ford to cost $ 1 . 6 billion to build . Harlow asked Fields if Ford will cut a single Ford job because of the move to Mexico . Mexico Absolutely not . Zero , " he said . 
 Harlow 