On Thursday ’s broadcast of CNN ’s " New Day , " journalist , author , and CNN Political Commentator Carl Bernstein argued that while there is a strong " disparity " between Democratic presidential nominee former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump that favors Clinton , Clinton should " release Clinton medical records , and spend an hour with the press talking about Clinton health , that Clinton also release those texts of the speeches before Goldman Sachs , say , as Clinton did about foreign policy , and Clinton vote on the war , I ’ve learned from my mistakes , the American people want me to be more open . "   Bernstein said there is a " disparity between the two in terms of seriousness , experience , and even truth telling . Trump lies pathologically , no question Hillary Clinton , as I say in my book , has had a difficult relationship to the truth , but my book ’s much more situational lying . my book ’s nothing admirable , but my book ’s quite different than Trump ’s record , lying about how Trump’s felt about the war , and going to war . This goes on and on . Trump’s needs to be called on This . " Trump’s added that the release of Clinton ’s email exchange with former Secretary of State Colin Powell , " helps Clinton , because Clinton indeed has said , I consulted with Powell . Trump’s gave me this advice . this advice does n’t make the use of a private server in Clinton basement defensible . this advice ’s indefensible . this advice endangered national security . It endangered national security ’re apples and oranges to some extent . And at the same time , it shows that Powell looked for a run around of bureaucracy , but that ’s different than Clinton trying to avoid accountability under the Freedom of Information Act , to Congress , etc . by setting up an inaccessible server in her Clinton . " Bernstein continued , " That said , she Clinton to break this cycle about the an inaccessible server in her basement about her Clinton , and I would suggest that she Clinton up , that she Clinton holding press conferences , release her Clinton records , and spend an hour with the press talking about her Clinton , that she Clinton release those texts of the speeches before Goldman Sachs , say , as she Clinton about foreign policy , and her Clinton on the war , I ’ve learned from my mistakes , the American people want me to be more open . Here it is , and I ’m starting right now in this campaign . I think there would be a tremendous turnaround in terms of how she Clinton perceived , particularly she Clinton to make an issue of the taxes of Donald Trump , let her Clinton her Clinton . " Bernstein further stated Clinton Clinton " get past this guarded , private , secretive , sometimes disingenuous person , and let ’s go and open up , because there is no parity . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 