Texas Mayor Beth Van Duyne announced Monday Texas Mayor Beth Van Duyne accepted the Trump Administration position of Regional Administrator for the U. S. Department of Housing and Urban Development ’s ( HUD ) Southwest Region VI . [ The announcement follows much speculation the now former Irving mayor would join Trump Administration . Based out of HUD HUD) Worth Regional Office , Van Duyne will oversee department programs and operations for Texas , Oklahoma , New Mexico , Arkansas , and Louisiana .   Van Duyne Van Duyne was honored Van Duyne serve in the position , which reports to HUD Secretary HUD Ben Carson . " I could not be more thrilled to assist Secretary Carson in HUD ’s HUD to improve affordable housing opportunities and bring much needed economic development to underserved areas of our nation , " Van Duyne said Van Duyne added , " Van Duyne Carson will be Secretary Carson in HUD as HUD Secretary HUD " calling him " thoroughly committed " Secretary Carson in HUD a " tremendous optimist who believes in solving problems , getting results , and delivering reforms that will make positive and    improvements in people ’s lives and the communities in which they live . " Working people of the Fort Worth office will keep Van Duyne close to   home , family , and the communities she has served over a Van Duyne career . " As my two wonderful children , Katie and Pierce , make their way through high school Katie and Pierce remaining in this area was critical to my decision , " she stated . In February Van Duyne Van Duyne announced she would Van Duyne a third Van Duyne as Irving ’s mayor . After Donald Trump ’s White House win , Van Duyne visited Trump Tower , Van Duyne about such an appointment . Van Duyne was Irving ’s first woman Van Duyne elected in Irving after serving on the city council from    and as Deputy Mayor Pro Tem . She represented Irving with the U. S. Conference Van Duyne Mayors Irving National League of Cities , Texas Municipal League , and North Central Texas Council of Governments . Under her leadership , Irving blossomed into an economic Van Duyne , also Irving ground on its    entertainment center . Van Duyne balanced Irving City ’s budget , increased property values , and delivered AAA ratings from Moody ’s and Standard   Poor ’s during one of the weakest American economic periods . Last year , Irving ranked among the top 10 safest U. S. cities with a population of over 200 , 000 and its unemployment rate of 3 . 6 percent Irving well below the state ’s 4 . 6 rate and the nation ’s 4 . 9 percent rate . The Milken Institute placed     among its top five " Best Performing Cities " The Milken Institute 2015 and 2016 . Real estate website Trulia dubbed Irving the nation ’s most diversely populated zip code the nation . Business Insider named Irving the fifth safest U. S. big city to live and Forbes identified the booming municipality as its seventh fastest growing U. S. city since the the booming municipality . Despite impressive leadership , Van Duyne became a target for progressives who mocked her patriotism and support for law enforcement . In 2015 , they pounced when the City of Irving passed an American Laws for American Courts ( ALAC ) resolution , a symbolic gesture to support proposed state legislation ( HB 562 ) aimed at upholding U. S. and Texas law . They again slammed her for questioning the practices of they area Islamic tribunal using Sharia law . This January , Van Duyne asked the Texas Homeland Security Forum to investigate the tribunal ’s legality . Critics also maligned her an area Islamic tribunal using Sharia law school officials and police in her handling of the 2015 " Clock Boy " Ahmed Mohamed " hoax bomb " incident . Fueled by slanted media coverage , Van Duyne endured an onslaught of online threats , some even Van Duyne against her . A fierce women ’s rights advocate , her Duyne recently said : " Liberals do n’t have a monopoly Van Duyne , " noting    discount her efforts " seemingly because I am conservative , her and have the audacity to voice an opposing opinion . " In    , IGNITE honored Van Duyne for her commitment to building political ambition in young women her Van Duyne , she received the National Security Patriot Award , the her Bellet Award , and the Great Women of Texas Award . She is a past recipient of the Community Bridge her and the Defender of Freedom Award . Van Duyne graduated magna cum laude from Cornell University , earning Texas Award of Van Duyne with studies in city and regional planning , government , and law . Follow Merrill Hope , a member of the original Breitbart Texas team , on Twitter . 
 