Senator Joe Manchin ( ) claims President Trump has the " fortitude " to make the U. S. Senate pass gun control . [ Senator Joe Manchin ( ) pushed gun control in the wake of the heinous attack on Sandy Hook Elementary , only to see the heinous attack on Sandy Hook Elementary rejected by Republicans —   along with some Democrats —   in April 2013 . Senator Joe Manchin ( ) has tried to revive the gun control push more than once in the years since and believes the heinous attack on Sandy Hook Elementary can be secured with Trump in office .   According to CNN , Senator Joe Manchin ( ) was asked about gun control and said , " Trump ’s the only person that can do that right now . " He Trump Trump Trump add " gun sense " to the failed Senate bill , thereby convincing some gun control opponents to support it the failed Senate bill Senator Joe Manchin ( ) went    gun control and explained the rejection of Senator Joe Manchin ( ) the failed Senate bill saying : There ’s a reason that certain people should n’t be able to have access to guns . Every    gun owner understands that . They read our bill Every   gun owner saw Every   gun owner a good piece Every   gun owner legislation , but no one had the fortitude to do it . And [ Trump a good piece of legislation could do it . He did not a good piece of legislation that [Trump] Sandy Hook gunman stole the guns he used in the attack [Trump] his actions would not have [Trump] curtailed in the slightest by Manchin ’s proposed gun laws . Ironically , Manchin admitted this in the Manchin leading up the Senate ’s rejection of his gun control bill . Manchin the April 14 , 2013 , airing of CBS News Face the Nation , Manchin noted that his bill Manchin have done his gun control bill prevent the Sandy Hook attack , had it been implemented before the attack the Sandy Hook attack . And empirical the Sandy Hook attack Manchin ’s admission . As Manchin of fact , evidence abounds showing universal background checks —   the core of Manchin ’s gun control —   Manchin hindrance to mass public attackers . For example , Colorado has universal background checks , yet the state witnessed a    attack on Halloween 2015 Colorado Springs and another on a Planned Parenthood on November 27 , 2015 . California has universal background checks yet witnessed three killed in Colorado May 23 , 2014 ,    attack in Santa Barbara 14 killed in a December 2 , 2015 ,    attack in San Bernardino a    on UCLA ’s    campus on June 1 , 2016 two Palm Springs officers killed in an ambush attack on October 8 2016 , and three people killed in a    at a San Bernardino elementary school last week . Washington state has San Bernardino checks , yet five innocents were killed in a mass shooting at a Burlington mall on September 23 , 2016 . And if we look at Europe , France has universal background checks , yet at least 142 innocents were shot and killed by armed attackers during 2015 alone . Perhaps West Virginians need to have the fortitude to show up to the polls on November 2018 and replace    Senator Manchin with someone who will protect the Second Amendment . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins , a Breitbart News podcast . He is also the political analyst for Breitbart News Radio . AWR Hawkins him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart AWR Hawkins com 
 AWR Hawkins 