Sunday on NBC ’s " Meet the Press , " Republican presidential candidate former Florida Governor Jeb Bush said Republican presidential candidate former Florida Governor Jeb Bush does n’t have to worry about if Republican presidential candidate former Florida Governor Jeb Bush will support Republican presidential candidate former Florida Governor Jeb Bush rival Donald Trump because " Republican presidential candidate former Florida Governor Jeb Bush ’s not going to win the nomination and I am . "   Partial transcript as follows : TODD : " About a month ago when it came to Donald Trump there was leaks from your campaign that you were looking for a way to say " You know what , I ca n’t support him Donald Trump he Donald Trump the nominee . " You ’ve since backed off in some of your harsher criticism on him Donald Trump Is that a fair way to read this that you decided no , I can support him Donald Trump he Donald Trump the the nominee even if I ’m not happy about it . he’s the nominee BUSH : " Look , the prospects of Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders to be the president of the United States is chilling to me . BUSH ’m going ’m win the nomination , that ’s my focus , that ’s what I ’m trying ’m do but anybody would be better than Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders ’m critical Bernie Sanders   " TODD : " So you here in on trump if it ’s him ? " BUSH : " He ’s trump going to win the nomination BUSH I am going to continue the nomination critical of him when he does n’t advocate conservative principles . BUSH ’s BUSH if for conservative party ’s nomination BUSH he should be a conservative and he has n’t BUSH it . " TODD : BUSH Is there a point where you think it ’s important for more mainstream conservatives to unite around one candidate at some point to stop a Ted Cruz or Donald Trump because you do n’t think they can win ? " BUSH : " The more mainstream conservatives to unite around one candidate at some point to stop a Ted Cruz or Donald Trump is that we ’re running for presidency right now and New Hampshire and Iowa and South Carolina and Nevada will shape the election in March . We ’re on every ballot . We have the we to go the distance and we ’m going do it . " TODD : " We have a lot to chew over . " we Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 