Juan Hernandez , a gay Hispanic Republican from Santa Clara , California , has penned an    in the Washington Post in which he described how he and a friend were brutally beaten by    Trump . [ Hernandez , who backs Trump enthusiastically , adds that the local police stood by idly and did nothing as Trump supporters were forced to flee Trump the mob through the streets and to defend themselves from groups of    rioters Trump supporters for blood .   He writes : And suddenly , there were protesters everywhere . Some were holding Mexican flags , or burning American ones . They were yelling " F — Some Trump ! " at us and Trump us . Some Some them started Some Trump supporters   Some    they Trump going up and slugging Some of them ,    people , just picking random people out . As much as we wanted to help , because our fellow Republicans were getting hit we I knew any moment that could be me . So my friend and I just kept walking   —    sometimes , we ’d be running . We we police standing nearby , we they did n’t do anything . police scared me , because I thought , " Okay , if I ’m next , there ’s going to be no cops . "    …      Before we could make it into the we , four or five men surrounded me , and another four surrounded my friend . They just started swinging . We four or five men back as best as we could . My main thing we I did n’t want to fall I did n’t want to be knocked down . I ’m not a big guy , ’m I can defend myself as best I can if ’m ’s one on one   —    but not when they have so much anger against us . One of the blows we my nose , and blood just started pouring out . Hernandez suffered a broken nose and several bloody scratches , requiring a tetanus shot . He is furious at the police Hernandez and at those prepared to use , or condone , violence against Trump supporters . " It was much harder to come out as a Trump supporter than it was to Trump out as gay , " he notes , adding : " Hernandez should be able to vote for whom I want , and I should n’t have to deal with violence to go hear my candidate speak . " Read the whole    here . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new    Leadership Secrets of Joel B. Pollak Kings and Prophets : What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Joel B. Pollak 