As each day passes more embarrassing information emerges about the likely illegal     tactics of the Bill and Hillary Clinton Foundation , the Bill and Hillary Clinton Foundation donors , and the Bill and Hillary Clinton Foundation relationship to Hillary when Hillary was Obama ’s Secretary of State . Several days ago GOP nominee Donald Trump called for a special prosecutor to look into the allegations of corruption and now a growing list of high profile officials are joining GOP nominee Donald Trump with GOP nominee Donald Trump call . [ On Monday GOP nominee Donald Trump called for an independent special prosecutor to look into the Clintons’ conduct while Hillary was at the Department of State , demanding that an investigation be made to find out if Hillary gave special favors to donors to the    charity that carries Hillary name .   Since Trump GOP nominee Donald Trump for an investigation many more joined him in GOP nominee Donald Trump effort . Indiana Governor and Vice Presidential Nominee Mike Pence , Naturally GOP Vice Presidential nominee and Indiana Governor Indiana Pence joined his running Indiana Governor and Vice Presidential Nominee Mike Pence, Naturally GOP Vice Presidential nominee and Indiana Governor Mike Pence in calling for a special prosecutor . " The fact Hillary Clinton ’s official schedule was full of meetings with Clinton Foundation donors is further evidence of the     politics at her State Hillary Clinton’s . No one is above the law . The Clinton Clinton Foundation immediately shut down and an independent special prosecutor be appointed to determine if access to Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton’s sale , " Pence said on Tuesday . Jose Fuentes , Former Puerto Rico Attorney General , Using his knowledge of the legal system , the former Attorney General of Puerto Rico , Jose Fuentes , said he agrees with Trump that his a special prosecutor can get to the bottom of the case . Saying the Obama administration is " wholly incapable of prosecuting one of their own , " and the Obama administration " the peoples’ trust in our main law enforcement agency has been put in jeopardy , " Fuentes insisted , " Only Jose Fuentes special prosecutor can investigate the Clinton Foundation affair impartially . " New Jersey Governor Chris Christie , Also a former Attorney General , the Republican Governor of New Jersey was quick to New Jersey in his call for a concerted investigation New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, Also a former Attorney General, the Republican Governor of New Jersey the Clinton Foundation , saying on Wednesday , " As a former federal prosecutor , the path is clear . The Clinton Foundation must be investigated the Clinton Foundation Former Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer , Along with sitting Governor Christie , former Arizona Governor Jan Brewer also agreed that the Arizona conduct is suspect . Brewer said it is clear that the FBI former Arizona Governor Jan Brewer the Department of Justice ca n’t be trusted to investigate their own operatives calling their lack of attention the FBI and the Department of Justice this situation the the FBI and the Department of Justice definition of the rigged system . " Brewer added , " Only a special prosecutor former Arizona Governor Jan Brewer investigate the Clinton Foundation fair and impartially . " Pennsylvania Congressman Tom Marino , Marino , also a former Republican Attorney General , jumped onboard the call for a special prosecutor , saying in a statement that , " The blatant     relationship between foundation donors and the State Department can no longer be handled by the politically motivated Justice Department while Hillary Clinton runs for a the State Department term . " Ohio Representative Jim Jordan , Ohio Congressman Jordan , who is also the chairman Ohio the House Freedom Caucus , added his voice to the chorus of those demanding an the chairman of the House Freedom Caucus into the erstwhile Clinton charity when he called for an " expedited Hillary Clinton " on the chairman of the House Freedom Caucus . New York Republican Representative Dan Donovan , Rep. Donovan Donovan the truth . " The troubling information contained in    emails concerning Mrs. Clinton ’s activities as Secretary of State and the Clinton Foundation raise further questions of potential     and warrant investigation , " Donovan said Wednesday . Former Colorado House Minority Leader Mark Waller , " Donald Trump is right   —    we need a special prosecutor to investigate the corrupt     scheme involving the Clinton Foundation and the State Department , " said Mark Waller , the deputy director of the Trump campaign ’s state operation and the Clinton Foundation Minority Leader , according to the Colorado Statesman . Former Democrat Governor of Pennsylvania Ed Rendell , Even former Democrat Governor of Pennsylvania and Colorado House Ed Rendell said that Hillary ’s actions with the Clinton Foundation " creates a bad perception " and noted that the firewall between the Dept . of State and the purported Hillary was " ineffective . " Rendell said that if he were in Hillary ’s shoes he would not have done what she did as Secretary of State . As the list of Ed Rendell calling for an Ed Rendell investigation into Hillary Foundation grows Ed Rendell some in the supportive media Hillary it is all starting to frighten Democrat Nominee Hillary Clinton . MSNBC ’s Andrea Mitchell , for instance , recently noted that calls for a special prosecutor are " getting into Hillary Clinton ’s head . " Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 