Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and Republican running mate Mike Pence are going to Baton Rouge , Louisiana on Friday to meet victims of the flooding that has killed 13 and forced 30 , 000 Louisianans to leave Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and his running mate Mike Pence homes . [ " I hope everyone in Louisiana knows that our country is praying for everyone in Louisiana , and standing with everyone in Louisiana to help everyone in Louisiana in these difficult hours , " Trump said at a rally in Charlotte , North Carolina on Thursday .   President Obama has given no indication President Obama will interrupt President Obama two week vacation in exclusive Martha ’s Vineyard to visit the flood victims . President Obama played another round of golf Thursday with television star Larry David and Bain Capital    partner Jonathan Lavine . The Obama family ’s vacation is scheduled to continue until Sunday . Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton will be resting from the campaign trail on Friday , and will also not be visiting Louisiana over the weekend . She Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton has no campaign events scheduled until Sunday Sunday when she Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton be holding a fundraiser in Provincetown , Massachusetts featuring the entertainer Cher . A number of recent stories have focused on questions about Clinton Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and her need Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton extensive rest over the weekends . On Thursday , Clinton addressed Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton Louisiana flooding in a two sentence tweet : Closely monitoring the flooding the Louisiana flooding @RedCross is helping displaced families in need : https :   .      —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) August 16 , 2016 ,   On Wednesday the Baton Rouge Advocate called on President Obama to take a break from his vacation and visit Louisiana . Louisiana President Obama optics of Obama golfing while Louisiana residents Louisiana in President Obama waters was striking . It evoked the precedent of the passive The optics of Obama golfing while Louisiana residents languished in flood waters response to the state Louisiana in 2005 , a chapter of history no one should ever repeat , " the paper said , adding : Now that the flood waters ravaging Louisiana are receding Louisiana it ’s time for President Barack Obama to the paper the most anguished President Obama union . Last week , as torrential rains brought death , destruction and misery to Louisiana , the president continued his vacation at Martha ’s Vineyard , President Obama for the President Obama and   . We ’ve seen this story before in Louisiana , and we do n’t deserve a sequel . In Louisiana , a We by a vacationing President George W. Bush became a symbol of official neglect for the victims of Hurricane Katrina . The current president was among those making political hay out of a vacationing President George W. Bush . The mainstream media , which was so critical of a vacationing President George W. Bush W. Bush ’s handling of the Katrina flooding of New Orleans in a vacationing President George W. Bush such criticism of President Obama ’s hands off approach to this year ’s Louisiana flooding . Listen to Breitbart     Alex Marlow discuss this on Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM the Katrina flooding of New Orleans in 2005 : 
 