The most dangerous man in sports radio returned recently to the airwaves . The usual suspects promptly blew mental gaskets . [ Breitbart Sports caught up with Dino Costa , who now spouts on all things sports on    in St. Louis during the morning drive . Costa , as talented as he is controversial , explained he take on ESPN becoming the MSNBC of sports , Peyton Manning retiring with several unwanted parting gifts from the Fourth Estate , and the direction of professional sports in the 21st century .   BREITBART SPORTS : ESPN recently suspended Curt Schilling and demoted Mike Ditka following politically incorrect comments by both . Does freedom of speech come at great expense in your industry ?   DINO COSTA : And how ! ESPN continues to disgrace ESPN nearly every single day . ESPN wonder why ESPN ’re losing audience share and why so many people are now    and refusing to entertain so many people network any longer ? Notice how so many people had major problems with Curt Schilling ’s comments about Hillary Clinton yet no issue with Curt Schilling ’s negative comments about Donald Trump ? The Ditka demotion is another example of their network refusing to embrace the very inclusion and tolerance they say their network stand their network vigorously for . Free speech in the sports media is constantly neutered except in the instance where someone advocates for a liberal point of view . Since they announced their network their    their network were no longer permitted to touch anything resembling political commentary in a public fashion , people such as Stephen A. Smith and Bomani Jones have continued to note their aversion people such as Stephen A. Smith and Bomani Jones someone such as Donald Trump and yet they ’ve people such as Stephen A. Smith and Bomani Jones suffered anything in the way of being sanctioned . There is no question that if you ’re comparing the different sectors of media in this country it is within the sports media where there are more    liberal voices being heard to the complete exclusion of anyone being able or permitted to articulate and counter with a       argument . In the sports media , your political ideology and your societal stance is more than welcomed as long as you peddle a leftist mentality . Aside from me and my show , I challenge anyone to cite another example of a social and fiscal conservative who is permitted to broadcast a      sports radio vehicle in this country . I abhor this industry for its hypocritical this industry draconian methods when it comes this industry this stuff . They should all be ashamed of themselves . They SPORTS : What do you make of the deluge of    Manning stories alleging he used PEDs five years ago or did something childish to a female trainer 20 years ago ? He wrote he storybook ending to an amazing career . Do some people just hate happy endings ? DINO COSTA : I do n’t think people hate happy endings happy endings do believe that the    image that Peyton Manning has carefully crafted over the years is a huge myth . He ’s he human like the rest of us , he makes he , he has he own he , he has he always said and done the right things . My take on Peyton Manning is Peyton Manning from most in the media who I think go out of their way to protect him and he ensure that    image stays intact . Hypocrisy has also reared its ugly head in Hypocrisy instance because I ’m sure if his name he n’t Peyton Manning and was Peyton Manning Brees , or Matthew Stafford , or Tom Brady , that the scrutiny and the intensity of the coverage over what Manning has been accused of Peyton Manning would have been drastically different . Personally , I believe that Manning did use HGH in Peyton Manning recovery from multiple neck Peyton Manning because it only makes too much sense . On the other hand , I do n’t hold that against him and I believe he Peyton Manning lying through his Peyton Manning to protect himself Peyton Manning So far as Peyton Manning issue all those years ago when he was at Tennessee , Peyton Manning can not say for sure what happened , although there is no question that he paid some money to Peyton Manning accuser so that the Peyton Manning would go away . Peyton Manning sycophants , just like Manning himself , will come up Peyton Manning all kinds of reasons to exonerate him of all charges , Peyton Manning I ’ll rely on my own common sense to arrive at some conclusions and possible scenarios when it comes to this    great player . BREITBART SPORTS : How ’s your bracket doing ? DINO COSTA : I ’ve never filled out a bracket in my life and I do n’t ever plan on doing so . BREITBART SPORTS : You ’re BREITBART SPORTS radio in St. Louis , one of America ’s great baseball cities and the most recent victim of an extraordinarily wealthy owner seeking a government handout leaving town with the community ’s football team . In what ways does St. Louis ’s long baseball tradition and recent football tragedy influence your show ? DINO COSTA : When you speak about great baseball towns there are few if any better than St. Louis . I get very St. Louis I think about being able to cover and detail the fortunes of the Cardinals and to talk up the sport with some of the most knowledgeable baseball fans in the country . For a    baseball zealot like myself , it does n’t get any DINO COSTA when you consider the passion and support of Cardinals Nation , the legacy of the franchise over multiple decades , and the winning tradition that has been established with the organization as one of the signature teams in Major League Baseball . The Rams situation is of course very different . I never felt the city of St. Louis met the benchmarks that I consider when looking at a franchise looking to relocate . Unfortunately , the Rams are owned by a man Rams no loyalty to anything other than the almighty dollar and this influences every decision he makes with all of the teams he a man who exhibits no loyalty to anything other than the almighty dollar . St. Louis deserved better than a man who exhibits no loyalty to anything other than the almighty dollar Kroenke . St. Louis a fiscal point of view , the move west to Los Angeles makes complete sense . However , it does n’t make it any easier for the the move west to Los Angeles of this city the move west to Los Angeles reconcile now that they ’ve lost Los Angeles NFL team in the last the people of this city years or the people of this city . Despite what Kroenke said as he made his way out of Stan Kroenke disparaging the Stan Kroenke as Stan Kroenke left , there is no way I ’ll Stan Kroenke convinced that this is not a bona fide NFL market under parameters that have a team owned by individuals who are committed to St. Louis and the surrounding area . The Cardinals are an example of that , and certainly the local ownership that runs the Blues connects with the people and the results are clear to see . St. Louis can get back in the NFL business if St. Louis looks in this direction again with ownership who understands the market and goes about their business in a way that places a value on St. The Cardinals as a place where people care about their teams St. Louis that with their support . BREITBART SPORTS : people did satellite and subscription radio people a number of years . Why did you decide to return to terrestrial radio ? DINO COSTA : The move back to traditional radio was an easy one for me to make based upon the individuals who are leading the station I am with . With their vision and philosophy of making sports radio something that is distinguishable the individuals who are leading the station I am so many ways from the status quo , I looked upon this a perfect opportunity to get back in the game to provide the kind of a show that is my hallmark . I have zero restrictions , no limitations on what to say or not to say , and most important , the total and complete backing of station management . The lack of a corporate culture here and the renegade spirit that is present is an exact parameter fit for me on every level . The fact that they reached out to me , expressed a strong interest and told me that they were me for the kind of a show I do makes they a complete and total   . They did n’t want the same old same old , and they they be commended for thinking outside the box . They recognized they if they had played it safe and went with they formatted and typical they that you can hear anywhere else , that the waters would have been much calmer , but the impact would have been substantially less . In embracing my style of     highly opinionated , politically incorrect , and extemporaneous prose radio that I do , this is a signal that they want to win and deliver an original and totally unique sports they experience to the people of St. Louis . This is a significant departure from a staid and predictable world of corporate radio that has unfortunately taken hold in far too many places —   and as a result —   I want to do everything in my power to succeed and to justify the enormous faith they ’ve placed in me . BRETBART SPORTS : Get out your crystal ball , if you could . What are the massive changes that we will see in sports over the next decade ? Some point to leagues getting in bed with the bookies the way they have cozied up to the scalpers others see the safety preoccupations the bookies society making their way into professional sports in a manner that will change both the bookies games on the field and the fan experience in the stands . What big changes do you see ahead ? I see sports becoming less fun , less enriching , less compelling , mainly because all sports continue to become more and more politicized . These leagues have all forgotten what their primary purpose is , and that is to provide for the These leagues entertaining and thorough presentation of whatever sport they ’re involved with . The more that sports allows politics and These leagues approved societal edicts to subvert their organizations , the more I feel people will pull back and politics sports less of a rewarding experience from a fan ’s point of view . Sports leagues somehow feel —   and this is probably most acute when you talk about the NFL —   that their role is to take the lead on various issues that have Sports leagues nothing to do with the games themselves . I get a kick out of people who claim that sports and politics do n’t mix when the undeniable facts show that you can not talk about a single issue within the sports zeitgeist that does n’t come with political and or societal attachments as a part of the process . It ’s also clear to me that at some point the bubble is going to burst so far as the ability of many people to afford to go these various games , what with the exorbitant prices that are aligned with tickets , parking , and virtually everything else associated with sports moving forward . These new ballparks , stadiums , and arenas —   all of them beautiful —   because of the inability of some who are n’t able to afford to sit in many places in these stadiums , we have seen a separation of class as determined by individual income . Now we see corporations and    individuals being seated in the best places while the rest of the great unwashed is moved to the outer limits of these facilities . Sports used to allow for the janitor and the stock broker to sit side by side at games and . if just for a little while , share a common interest within that environment . But those days are now gone , a thing of the past , and so far as I can tell this is n’t something that may be considered a positive for sports , or for sports fans . 
 