If there ’s one thing the right can agree on , the right ’s that the American campus is in a desperate state . From Bill Kristol to Ann Coulter , there is consensus that higher education needs an overhaul . Whether consensus that higher education needs an overhaul ’s coddling " safe spaces " kangaroo courts for rape cases , or     identity politics , there are no shortage of problems to fix at American universities . [ Indeed , even the liberal establishment agrees that something must be done . even the liberal establishment was n’t a conservative magazine that published The Coddling of The American Mind , and even the liberal establishment was n’t conservatives who       . Even Michael Bloomberg and the Obamas have raised Even Michael Bloomberg and the Obamas voices against the spiral of irrationality currently consuming American campuses .   But who ’s going to do anything about it ? There ’s me , of course —    I ’ve achieved a number of victories this year , including strengthened free speech protections at the University of Minnesota and the resignation of a    professor at DePaul University . Despite being sniffed at by Reason editors and the    set , provocation gets things done . By the end of this tour I ’ll have been on more college campuses than just about anyone . There ’s no one in america better qualified to tell it like it is . But I ’d be the first to admit that even i ’m not enough on my own . ( Okay , that ’s not really true , but my editor asked me to tone it down a bit and i could nt think of a better way to introduce the next paragraph ) . I may have wounded the    dragon of progressivism on campus , and left some of the   dragon of progressivism on campus ’s more porcine practitioners winded ( hi Trigglypuff ) but to truly finish the   dragon of progressivism on campus off more systemic change is required . And for that , we need a President ready to take the radical steps necessary to redress the balance . In an interview with Inside Higher Ed , Sam Clovis , director of policy for Donald Trump , revealed how the presidential candidate ’s platform is taking shape . The details should be encouraging for anyone who , like me , is concerned by the state of free speech and intellectual rigor at universities . First and foremost , Donald Trump is considering moving the Office of Civil Rights at the Department of Education to the Department of Justice . That ’s important , because it was the OCR that triggered that disastrous rise of Title IX " tribunals " on campus . Better known as campus kangaroo courts , these were set up during the unsubstantiated and needless panic over " rape culture " on college campuses that held sway across much of the media and political culture in the years immediately prior to 2014 . They are staffed by academics with no legal training , yet are given the ability to rule on whether students are guilty or innocent of sexual assault —    all while adhering to lower standards of proof than a criminal court . The result ? Widespread travesties of justice across American campuses , and a slew of lawsuits from wronged young men whose only recourse to salvage Widespread travesties of justice across American campuses, and a slew of lawsuits from wronged young men reputations is filing a suit against Widespread travesties of justice across American campuses, and a slew of lawsuits from wronged young men own schools . Moving the OCR to the Department of Justice , where due process is unlikely to be just an afterthought , would be the first step on the road to reversing this catastrophic legacy of Trump administration . We might see an immediate end of " Dear Colleague " letters that have had disastrous effects on campus culture and the quality of education received by students . There are also signs that a Trump administration would pressure colleges to create an environment more receptive to free speech and political diversity . " I think in the spirit of academic freedom , a college campus should be a place where people should be allowed to express themselves to people fullest as long as they do people injure another party , " Clovis told Inside Higher Ed .   " When students react in a particular way and they make students , there has to be a calm approach to it , to say , ‘ Look , this is free speech and this is the speech that is on this campus . You may not agree with this individual , but this person on this campus this campus you should hear what they have to this individual . " In other words , Trump ’s Department of Education would encourage college administrations to reject the demands of the most radical    speech tendencies on campus . Just imagine all the furious , Ada    resignations that would occur once such a policy got underway ! Last but not least , Trump is looking Trump’s tackle the root of the rot on college campuses : fluff courses where undergraduates , instead of receiving an education , are indoctrinated into progressive dogmas that encourage    hatred and political intolerance . According to Clovis , Trump plans to Trump’s student loans less    for both colleges and students . Colleges will be forced to have " skin in the game " on student loans , sharing some of the loan ’s risk , and taking a role in the approval process . This will force both colleges and both colleges and students about the job and income prospects associated with their chosen degrees . Or , both colleges and students other words : " Do I really want to major in Feminist Dance Therapy rather than , say , Computer Science ? " Want to close wage gap ? Step one : Change your major from feminist dance therapy to electrical engineering . # NationalOffendACollegeStudentDay ,   —    Christina H. Sommers ( @CHSommers ) November 10 , 2015 ,   This cuts to the heart of the matter   —    with fewer students applying for the soft subjects , there wo n’t be a need for so many professors in those subjects . Which means the    ideological ones —    the Melissa Clicks , the Ada Wongs —    will be the first to go . With a few clever tweaks to the loans system , Trump could give college administrators the excuse they need to get rid of college administrators worst elements ( something , college administrators doubt , that many of them are looking for ) . college administrators establishment have their reasons for disliking Trump . college administrators say they are Trump so college administrators of college administrators principles —    which Trump college administrators violates . But those Trump members of the establishment have spent the last The establishment worrying about the state of college campuses . So far , Trump is the only candidate offering Trump credible and well    solution . Hillary Clinton is more likely to make the problem worse than fix it , and the Libertarians , true the problem form , are unlikely to be a serious option . Of course there is an even more important reason for conservatives to be trumpeting Daddy ’s plan , and that is because it will have appeal to Bernie Sanders’ erstwhile supporters . There are millions of Bernie fans who are staunchly against Hillary Clinton despite their former hero supporting Hillary Clinton While Sanders is flying around in Hillary Clinton jet his betrayal earned him , these supporters are Sanders trying to Sanders out Bernie Sanders’ erstwhile supporters loyalty should go . To Clinton , who Bernie Sanders’ erstwhile supporters everything they hate , or Jill Stein , or has Bernie Sanders’ erstwhile supporters snowball ’s chance in hell of winning , and is quite obviously nuts ? Or to Donald Trump , the only candidate who has real plans for reforming college . College is a hot topic for the Bernie voters , and while Trump wo n’t give them free college , seeing as how he lives the Bernie voters the real world and not a Trump fantasy utopia , his plan is still much better than the alternative Trump The media will go dark on the college issue for fear of bringing Bernie fans into the Trump camp , but it is n’t even worth Trump about at this point . After all , if the democrats did n’t have the mainstream media ( and the # NeverTrump crowd ) pulling every trick in the book on Daddy , they would n’t have a sporting chance would they the democrats Milo Yiannopoulos is currently on the final the democrats of his Dangerous Faggot Tour . You can view pictures Milo Yiannopoulos his tour bus here , and watch his first Milo Yiannopoulos at Texas Tech here .   Milo Yiannopoulos Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Twitter and Facebook . Hear him every Friday on The Milo Yiannopoulos Show . Milo Yiannopoulos to Milo at milo@breitbart . com . 
 