On Wednesday , Republican nominee Donald Trump weighed in on the media firestorm surrounding Republican nominee Donald Trump wife Melania ’s speech at the Republican National Convention . [ Republican nominee Donald Trump tweeted , " Good news is Melania ’s speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press ! "   Good news is Melania ’s speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 20 , 2016 ,   He quickly followed up with a second tweet blasting the media ’s obsession with one passage in his He ’s speech that was cribbed from First Lady Michelle Obama ’s 2008 speech at the Democratic National Convention . " The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania ’s speech than the FBI spent on Hillary ’s emails , " Trump tweeted . The The media spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania ’s speech than the FBI the FBI spent on Hillary’s emails    Donald J. Hillary’s @realDonaldTrump ) July 20 , 2016 ,   On Wednesday , Meredith McIver , an    staff writer at the Trump McIver ’s speech , which included the passage inadvertently copied from Michelle Obama . McIver wrote , " Yesterday , I offered my resignation to Mr. Trump and the Trump family , but they rejected it . Mr. Trump told me that people make innocent mistakes and that we learn and grow from Mr. Trump and the Trump family experiences . " Mrs. Trump’s how the cribbed passage ended up in the speech : In working with Melania Trump on her recent McIver Lady speech , the passage inadvertently copied from Michelle Obama people who inspired her and messages she wanted to share with the American people Melania Trump A person she has always liked is Michelle Obama . Over Melania Trump phone , Melania Trump read me some passages from Mrs. Obama ’s speech as Melania Trump . I wrote them down and alter included some of the Melania Trump in the draft that ultimately Michelle Obama final speech . I did not check Mrs. Obama ’s speeches . This was my mistake , and I feel terrible for the chaos I have caused Melania and the Trumps , Michelle Obama well as to Mrs. Obama . No harm was meant . 
 Michelle Obama 