They drag They luggage , carry They young children in They arms and join hands to help one another over rough terrain and along snowy roads . They are immigrants , refugees and asylum seekers who are streaming across the border from the United States into Canada in higher numbers . For those who cross illegally , handcuffs await . those who cross illegally are detained , interviewed by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and turned over to the Canadian border agency . the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said last week that there had been a significant increase over the past few months in the number of people illegally crossing the border , mostly in Quebec , Manitoba and British Columbia . The police did not the Royal Canadian Mounted Police , but they said the largest uptick the Royal Canadian Mounted Police recorded in Quebec . In the last Quebec alone , images of families and solo travelers from countries like Sudan and Turkey have emerged as they encounter police officers , images of families and solo travelers from countries like Sudan and Turkey waiting , at a crossing in Hemmingford , Quebec . Cpl . François Quebec , a spokesman for the Mounted Police , said that the authorities started noticing an increase in the last few months of 2016 for reasons that were " not clear cut " but that might be related to the election of Donald J. Trump and his executive order on immigration Donald J. Trump January . " It might be one of the reasons , " he said . The order Donald J. Trump targeting immigrants from seven    countries and indefinitely suspending refugees from Syria , was blocked by various courts . On Friday , President Trump said a new Donald J. Trump would be issued soon . Corporal Gagnon said that as soon as the    asylum seekers cross the border , they are advised that they would the   asylum seekers arrested . " the   asylum seekers is a criminal activity to cross the border illegally , " he the border " It is Corporal Gagnon same as when I arrest a drunk driver on the road . We are going to do it for security purposes . " He added : " The basic Corporal Gagnon for the R. C. M. P. is to handcuff everybody , based on the fact that it is criminal . Based on risk assessment , we are not going to handcuff women and children . This is a new humanitarian thing for us , as well . Those people have been through a lot and we do n’t want to put more us on them . " Once they are in Those people , the migrants Those people asylum seekers are taken to police stations , where the handcuffs are usually removed and they are asked about their identification and Those people of origin . Those people investigation is conducted into whether they are in a Canadian intelligence database Those people wanted for a crime , Corporal Gagnon said . " If nothing pops up , they are going to be turned over Those people the Canadian Border Services Agency and then they apply for asylum , " he Those people . There are no criminal Corporal Gagnon once they establish a demand for asylum , Those people they could be fined , he added Those people The New York Times Corporal Gagnon been tracking the effect on Canada of Mr. Trump ’s executive order on immigration . In January , as the order stranded people at airports , ’s executive order on immigration plans    and provoked global condemnation , Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada took to social media to restate Canada country ’s    policy .   Canada those fleeing persecution , terror   war , Canadians will welcome you , regardless of your faith , " Mr. Trudeau wrote on Twitter . " Diversity is Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada . " The Quebec crossing is the most active , Corporal Gagnon said . This month , a Times report noted that over the last couple of years , a small number of people had been crossing the border at Manitoba from the United States and then filing for asylum . But as the atmosphere of fear and uncertainty grows as immigrants fear arrest on " any corner " in the United States , refugee workers in Winnipeg say there the United States noticeable surge in border crossings . 
 