Donald Trump has lost the Harvard Republican Club . [ In a statement published to the group ’s Facebook page Thursday , the Harvard Republican Club student leaders declare : " Donald Trump holds views that are antithetical to our values not only as Republicans , but as Americans . "   The post notes that the club will the Harvard Republican Club endorsing the Republican nominee for the first time in 128 years . They go on to argue : The rhetoric he espouses   —   from racist slander to misogynistic taunts —    is not consistent with our conservative principles , and his repeated mocking of he disabled and belittling of the sacrifices made by prisoners of war , Gold Star families , and Purple Heart recipients is not only bad politics , but absurdly cruel . If enacted , Donald Trump ’s platform would endanger our security both at home and abroad . Domestically , his protectionist trade policies Donald Trump’s draconian immigration restrictions would enlarge our federal deficit , raise prices for consumers , and throw our economy back into recession . Trump ’s global outlook Donald Trump’s steeped in isolationism , is considerably     with the traditional Republican stance as well . The Harvard Republicans also accuse Trump of " Calling Donald Trump’s withdrawal from NATO and actively endorsing nuclear proliferation , " although Trump has not actually made those Donald Trump’s . The post continues : Perhaps most importantly , however , Donald Trump simply does not possess Donald Trump’s and character necessary to lead the United States through an increasingly perilous world . He hopes to divide us by race Donald Trump’s by class , and by religion , instilling enough fear and anxiety to propel himself to the White House . He Donald Trump’s looking to to pit neighbor Donald Trump’s neighbor , friend against friend , American against American . We will not stand for this vitriolic us that is poisoning our country and our children . It is not clear us many children the members of the Harvard Republican Club , who are all undergraduates , are raising . One term that does not appear anywhere in the post : " Hillary Clinton . " And another : " Democrats . " Read the full post on Facebook . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil Joel B. Pollak 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 