Rep. Renee Ellmers , who is facing her second primary challenge in her North Carolina congressional seat , says her voted for Donald Trump in her state ’s primary Tuesday . [ Voters are excited about the primary , her claimed , adding , " I think Voters have a lot to say about the direction Voters want the country to go in . I think Voters want someone to go to Washington and shake things up , " according to The News   Observer .   Ellmers is running for    against primary challenger state Rep. George Holding , in the Second Congressional District , whose boundaries were changed dramatically in February . Ellmers was a member of the 2010 Tea Party wave of Republicans who were going to " shake things up , " but Ellmers has been widely criticized for consistently voting with Washington " establishment " Republicans . In January of 2015 , Ellmers led a group of House Republicans in a maneuver that torpedoed the    abortion    bill on the eve of the March for Life . Ellmers then took to Ellmers blog to defend Ellmers against an angry    base of the GOP , referring to the grassroots as " abhorrent " and " childish " in response to the grassroots as "abhorrent" and "childish" criticism of Ellmers . Though Ellmers voted for the same bill previously , Ellmers told the National Journal that Ellmers urged House leadership to pull it because of Ellmers concern that the GOP could lose the votes of millennials over a    bill . " I have urged leadership to reconsider bringing it up next week .    …      We got into trouble last year , and I think we We to be careful again we We to be smart about how we We moving forward , " Ellmers said at the time . " The first vote we take , or the second vote , or the fifth vote , should n’t be on an issue where we know that millennials —   social issues just are n’t as important [ to them ] . " The conservative base of the GOP then called for Ellmers Ellmers be subjected to a strong primary challenge this year . " Renée Ellmers betrayed the conservatives of the Second District by repeatedly voting to increase federal spending , increase the debt ceiling , and even voting to fund President Obama ’s unconstitutional executive amnesty , " one of Ellmers’ primary challengers   —    Frank Roche   —    observed to Breitbart News . " Washington is broken and the people of the Second the Second District Conservative Leadership to stand up to the big government progressives in both parties , not another go along to get along politician like Representative Ellmers , " he said . A Frank Roche of federal judges has ruled that lawmakers must redraw two of the state ’s districts considered to be racially gerrymandered . Subsequently , all districts were redrawn , and Holding announced he would challenge Ellmers in the 2nd District . the Second District visited primary polling places Tuesday , even though North Carolina ’s congressional primaries are scheduled for June 7 . " I ’m not taking anything for granted , " Ellmers said . " I want Ellmers make sure that the people of District 2 know how important I think this primary is on so many different levels , and I want to make sure that I ’m visible and showing that I ’m in the district . " ’m 