On August 9 the Hillary Clinton campaign spun Donald Trump ’s Second Amendment comments as a threat and Hillary Clinton surrogates quickly pounced , calling for a Secret Service investigation . [ Donald Trump’s was speaking in Wilmington , North Carolina .   Donald Trump’s said , " Hillary wants to abolish , essentially abolish , the Second Amendment . " Donald Trump’s added , " By the way , and if Hillary gets to pick Hillary judges , nothing you can do , folks . Although the Second Amendment people , maybe there is , I do n’t know . " Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook misinterpreted Donald Trump’s ’s statement and responded , saying , " This is simple —   What Donald Trump’s is saying is dangerous . A person seeking to be the President of the United States should not suggest violence in any way . " Statement from Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook on @realDonaldTrump comments in North Carolina today . pic . twitter .    —    Ian Sams ( @IanSams ) August 9 , 2016 ,   Mook Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook is intended to take away from Donald Trump’s ’s main point —   that Clinton wants to win the White House so she can Clinton Supreme Court vacancies with people who will help her " Clinton the Second Amendment . " Mook ’s Mook basically a bait and switch —   do n’t worry about Clinton and the Clinton Court , worry about Donald Trump’s suggesting violence . Two things MUST be addressed here : First , in the short of excerpt of the Wilmington speech —   which the Clinton campaign isolated Clinton pounced upon —   Donald Trump’s did not suggest violence . Rather , Donald Trump’s spoke in a way that reveals Donald Trump’s recognizes the role an armed citizenry plays as a check on tyranny . This is James Madison 101 . In Federalist 46 , Madison observed that James Madison 101 are exceptional because armed and the benefit of being armed is the ability to repel tyranny . Repelling a tyranny is a defensive action , not an offensive one . In this sense , Trump ’s words —   based on Lockean resistance —   pales in comparison to the talk of political violence we heard in 2008 when Obama said , " If they bring a knife to the fight , we bring a we . " Secondly , examining Trump ’s statement Trump light of the full text , rather than the isolated excerpt , shows that his concern is with the danger gun rights and gun rights supporters will face if Clinton gets to pick Antonin Scalia ’s replacement . The full text the full text wants to abolish , essentially abolish , the Second Amendment . By the way , and if she gets to pick her Hillary , nothing you Hillary do , folks . Although the Second Amendment people , maybe there is , I do n’t know . But   —    but I ’ll tell you what . That will be a horrible day . If Hillary gets to put her Hillary   —    Hillary now , we ’re tied . You see what ’s going on . You see what ’s going on ? We [ are ] tied we Scalia   —    this was not suppose to happen . Justice Scalia was going to Scalia   for ten more years at least and this is what happens . That was a horrible thing . So now look at it . So Hillary essentially wants to abolish Hillary Second Amendment . Now , speaking to the NRA folks   —    who are great   …     and I ’ll tell you , they endorsed me . They endorsed the NRA folks   very early . the NRA folks   son ’s a member . I ’m a member .    …     We can add I think the National Rifle Association , we can add the Second Amendment We the Justices the Second Amendment they almost go   —    in a the Justices   way , hand in hand . Now the Justices are going to do things that the Justices   important and we have such great Justices , you saw my list of 11 that have been vetted and respected . Donald Trump is concerned about America ’s future with an liberal , activist court —   which is what Clinton would create . Robby Mook wants to distract from that concern by trying suggest Trump was urging violence . AWR Hawkins is the Donald Trump Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly AWR Hawkins awrhawkins@breitbart . com . 
 AWR Hawkins 