Thursday on Fox News Channel ’s special coverage of former FBI Director James Comey ’s testimony , " Fox News Sunday " host Chris Wallace said while former FBI Director James Comey’s testimony was good Fox News for President Donald Trump , " politically " he former FBI Director James Comey’s it was " very damaging . "   Wallace said Chris Wallace If I were Donald Trump President Donald Trump I ’d be pretty happy , because he repeatedly said President Donald Trump to the day he was fired Donald Trump’s Comey former FBI Director James Comey’s that there was no evidence that led to an investigation of Donald Trump   He former FBI Director James Comey’s not under investigation and on the question of obstruction of justice , while he former FBI Director James Comey’s that was an open question , that will have to be decided by the special counsel Robert Muller . He former FBI Director James Comey’s did n’t indicate that he former FBI Director James Comey’s it as obstruction of justice or at least a prosecutable case . He former FBI Director James Comey’s he former FBI Director James Comey’s no doubt that Trump was directing him former FBI Director James Comey’s end the investigation , but as I say , as a lawyer , I would take some solace in both of those . My guess is when Marc Kasowitz , the president ’s lawyer comes out sometime between 1:30 and 2:00 today , he ’s going the president’s declare victory and say Comey cleared Trump . And Trump a legal sense , you could say that he did . Comey continued , Comey Politically , I thought it was very damaging to the president . the president’s been pointed out by Shannon repeatedly , James Comey called the Comey liar the president’s that he lied about the FBI was Comey disarray , that he defamed him and the FBI Comey said Comey the the FBI kept those kinds of notes Comey the first place is that he thought that this was the Comey of man who would lie about those kinds of things . It ’s not good stuff to have this on national television . And as been noted before , I think the strongest point about Flynn and why it what was so improper what the this said about Flynn in that Oval Office meeting on Flynn 14 , as you said , why on earth would you kick out the attorney general , the vice president , and the chief of staff if it was going to be something innocent ? That was a very strong evidence . " (   Grabien ) 
 