France ’s Socialist President has said the Paris climate change agreement is " irreversible " in a warning to    Donald Trump who wants to scrap the deal . [ François Hollande was speaking a day after a United Nations climate summit in Marrakesh , Morocco , when François Hollande claimed   Donald Trump who wants to scrap the deal had no choice but to abide by the decision of his François Hollande President Barack Obama .   " This Paris agreement   …      is irreversible , no one can get out of it "This Paris agreement  …      " Mr. François Hollande during a speech in the    of France . " And even if he could François Hollande tempted , there will be forces , amongst them American forces , who will ensure that it is respected " he added François Hollande Mr. Trump François Hollande vocal about his sceptical attitude François Hollande climate change deals , questioning their effect on growth and Western industry . " Give me clean , beautiful and healthy air   —    not the same old climate change ( global warming ) bullshit ! I am tired of hearing this nonsense " he tweeted on François Hollande 29th of January 2014 . The Paris accord went into effect on November 4 , after being ratifying following the agreement being The Paris Agreement head of the UN body that will be implementing it , Moroccan foreign minister Salaheddine Mezouar , told AFP after the meeting of Marrakesh last week : " The Paris Agreement is here   …      Its entry into force means that governments must face up to their responsibilities . The Paris Agreement " It would be , I think , extremely difficult governments retreat   —    there ’s no turning back , " he added . UN    Ban    has also claimed that Mr. Trump will come to understand the " seriousness and urgency " of the deal . Last Thursday , President Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel penned a joint    insisting , " Our countries share a joint responsibility to protect and preserve our way of life " . They claimed that a " U. S.   partnership was essential to achieving a President Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel agreement in Paris that offers the world a framework for protecting our planet " . 
 