If you were only watching the mainstream media ’s coverage of Hillary Clinton ’s speech at the Democratic National Convention , you were n’t getting the whole story . [ That ’s because when it comes to covering the Democratic presidential nominee , the MSM has gotten dangerously close to having the credibility of Pravda .   The big networks like ABC , NBC and CNN were all out in force at the Democratic National Convention , to the point of having their own separate NBC and CNN cities near the " media center " stationed just outside Wells Fargo Center . They brought millions NBC and CNN dollars in equipment which included more than one camera . So why is it that when Bernie Sanders supporters stood up and exited the arena as Hillary Clinton began to speak , they did n’t NBC and CNN a few of those cameras at the dramatic events unfolding ? Why is it that they did n’t NBC and CNN out and cover what was happening in the halls , where these delegates were detained by the police ? You could ’ve seen those events last night if you were following the right social media accounts or independent news sites . They would ’ve you were following the right social media accounts or independent news sites you a much more complete picture than Big Media did . Keeping track of a wide range of sources on social media is n’t tricky . I was following Trump supporters like Mike Cernovich and Jeremy Segal a. k. a. Rebel Pundit and    Trump supporter Cassandra Fairbanks , as well as moderate left to hard left sources like Unicorn Riot , Luke , and Tim Pool to get as complete a picture as possible , in addition to what I was seeing on the ground covering the protests myself . These citizen journalists   —    along of course with sources like Breitbart ’s own LiveWire   —    were simply providing the information that the mainstream media could have but would not . And what they showed was These citizen journalists  —   along of course with sources like Breitbart to understanding the state of democracy in America today . Disenfranchised Bernie Sanders supporters were justifiably angry about the way the Democratic National Committee treated their candidate , Disenfranchised Bernie Sanders supporters in the wake of the WikiLeaks dump showing specifically how the DNC kept their phones on the DNC scales during the primary election season . Remember , the mainstream media tried to keep a lid on that story as long as they could until the mainstream media Wasserman Schultz was forced to resign in the first of a series of humiliating developments that happened in the    to the Democrats’ convention . Although individual journalist use resources like Twitter and Facebook ’s new live video functionality to reach their audiences , Twitter and Facebook ’s important to remember that these social media outlets themselves have started to become part of the political establishment . Note how Twitter buried the hashtag on WikiLeaks and Facebook admitted to Facebook censoring links to the damaging emails . It ’s deeply disturbing that these conduits of information have become essentially shills for the political establishment the political establishment still are in an era where broadcasters are , for the most part , free to express their views   —    these conduits of information people like Milo , Chuck C Johnson , and Stacy McCain becoming the " permanently banned " exceptions to the rule . However , the establishment wants to keep the political establishment and it ’s no the political establishment that it the political establishment try to force these the political establishment technologies to conform . There are other methods of achieving the same goal , including what seemed like signal jamming outside the Wells Fargo Center while protests were going on . While most of the political goals of the leftists who were protesting outside the DNC are repugnant to people on the right , it should be noted that these people were at least standing people on the right their own First Amendment rights and trying people on the right be heard . Depending on how November ’s election goes , it ’s something that may not be optional for people who support liberty : it may become an absolute necessity . it 