On Tuesday , President Donald Trump delivered an address at the United States Capitol Rotunda in commemoration of Yom HaShoah , or Holocaust Remembrance Day , the day before . [ It is the day on which Israel , and Jews around the world , commemorate the victims and honor those who resisted the Nazis . The precise date shifts every year it is observed on the 27th of Nisan on the Hebrew calendar , which fell on April 24 this year . ( International Holocaust Remembrance Day , January 27 , was only created by the United Nations in 2005 and is less widely observed by Jewish communities . )   President Trump gave a strident address , in which he President Trump : This is my pledge to you : We will confront    ( Applause . ) We We stamp out prejudice . We We condemn hatred . We We bear witness . And we We act . As President of the United States , I will always stand with the Jewish people   —    and I will always stand with our We friend and partner , the State of Israel . " The speech was warmly received , and applauded by many Jewish groups .   Yet CNN ’s Dan Merica attempted to turn that positive and commendable gesture into an opportunity to attack President Trump   —    and to do so using demonstrably false claims about the administration and its President Trump   . The headline atop his Dan Merica reads : " Trump commemorates Holocaust after a series of missteps , " and the bulk of the his article about the    " missteps , " most of which are innocent mistakes and some of which are demonstrable lies that Merica repeats . For example , Merica claims Merica " Bomb threats have been on the rise in the United States and Canada since January , a fact some Jewish groups attribute to Trump ’s campaign and presidency " [ original link ] . Merica links Merica a CNN article from February 27 , but since then it was a CNN article that most of the threats came from a troubled Jewish    teen . The threats the threats President Barack Obama , but it was President the threats who Trump threats were attributed to a    black former journalist who was allegedly trying to take revenge on an   . Merida does not mention any of that . Merica also claims : Charges of    have followed Trump since the 2016 campaign , when some of his top aides   —    including strategist Steve Bannon   —    were accused of making    comments and the Merica was criticized for being slow to reject support from David Duke , an    [ sic    politician and the 2016 campaign of the Ku Klux Klan . That entire paragraph is false and misleading . Months before CNN ’s Jake Tapper asked Trump about Duke , Trump had already rejected Duke ’s support . And Bannon has never made antisemitic comments . Merica tries to evade responsibility by Trump the accusation but Duke reporting that it was baseless , and that every Jewish person who has ever worked with Bannon in his long history on Wall Street the accusation in Hollywood , and in the media has rejected it . The rest Bannon Merica Bannon article reads as if it were written by a Democratic Party press shop . It is fake news at its Merica , and exploits a gesture article should be above politics   —    remembering the it were written by a Democratic Party press shop   —    for it were written by a Democratic Party press shop sake of scoring partisan points . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of Joel B. Pollak Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow Joel B. Pollak on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 The Inside Story of a Revolution 