More than four months after releasing his death    protest song " F*ck Donald Trump ( FDT ) , " California rapper YG has announced a nationwide music tour of the same name . [ The Compton , California rapper will visit 52 cities and will be accompanied by RJ , Kamaiyah , and SadBoy , who will serve as opening acts .   A poster for the " FDT " tour can be seen below . California rapper YG is hitting the road    Kamaiyah , RJ   Sad Boy for the # FDTTour ! https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Karen Civil ( @KarenCivil ) August 16 , 2016 ,   Last month , California rapper YG and fellow rappers Macklemore and    released the official FDT remix . California rapper YG premiered a music video for the official FDT remix to coincide with the announcement of the tour . Borrowing heavily from the music video for the original song , which was shut down by the LAPD , the FDT a music video for the FDT remix frames of people flipping off the camera and yelling " f*ck Donald Trump . " ( Warning : Explicit Language ) " A Trump rally sounds like Hitler in Berlin . Or KKK sh*t , now I ’m goin’ in , "    begins , adding : " This man hates Muslims , that ’s a billion f*ckin’ people . If truth be told , Donald is a terrorist . " Macklemore repeats the      refrain , rhyming , " Bannin’ all Muslims ? Aiight , boo this guy . What if we ban all the white dudes ? " After asking that America " stop sellin’ automatic guns , " the    rapper jokes about moving to Canada if Trump wins in November : Party in the streets when Hillary winsIf she do n’t , my girl Hillary winsIf half CanadianActually nah Hillary winsIf ’m not gon na stay with themI got an eagle on my arm , I ’m a patriotI’ma stay right here , I ai n’t livin’ in fearWith my people who are Muslims , Mexican and queer , Meanwhile , YG , closes out the song by rapping , " Obama do n’t like you , Michelle do n’t like you . " Hillary winsIf Donald Trump , call him out , KKK supporter His favorite Donald Trump , ‘ Deport ’em,’ Donald Trump the f*ck y’ all endorse him ? " YG asks before suggesting Donald Trump we give YG " a third term . " Obama , YG performed " F —   ck YG Trump " in front of 20 , 000 of his fans , who sang along in unison Donald Trump" the Coachella Music Festival . The rapper posted a video of the    performance to his Facebook page . After Coachella , YG The rapper the lyrics from " F*ck YG Trump , " and turned them into a mock campaign attack ad directed at the Republican presidential nominee .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 