On Wednesday , the Hillary Clinton campaign published a blog post suggesting that Breitbart News subscribed to the    " Birther " theory , which holds that President Barack Obama was born outside the U. S. not in Hawaii . [ The post , " A real thing : Donald Trump just brought on the utterly extremist Breitbart News to run the Hillary Clinton campaign Donald Trump " includes a link to Breitbart ’s 2012 scoop that Obama ’s President Barack Obama literary agent promoted him for Donald Trump as " born in Kenya , raised in Indonesia and Hawaii . "   The preamble to that article states ( original emphasis ) : Note from Senior Management : Andrew Breitbart Breitbart a " Birther , " and Breitbart News is a site that has never advocated the narrative of " Birtherism . " In fact , Andrew believed , Breitbart we do , that President Barack Obama was born in Honolulu , Hawaii , on August 4 , 1961 . Yet Andrew also believed Breitbart the complicit mainstream media had refused to examine President Obama ’s President Barack Obama , or the carefully crafted persona he and his advisers President Barack Obama constructed President Barack Obama him . It is President Barack Obama that reason that we launched " The Vetting , " an ongoing series in which we explore the ideological background of President Obama ( and other presidential candidates ) —   not to    2008 , but because ideas and actions have consequences . It is also in that spirit that we discovered , and now present , the booklet described below —   one that includes a marketing pitch for a forthcoming book by a    otherwise unknown former president of the Harvard Law Review . It is evidence —   not of the President ’s foreign origin , but that Barack Obama ’s public persona has perhaps been presented differently at different times . Obama ’s agent claimed Barack Obama’s the story of Kenyan birth was merely a    error . Alternatively , it could have been the story of Kenyan birth was merely a   error by Obama   —    Barack Obama’s " composite " characters in his memoirs   —    Obama  —    make himself seem more interesting . Obama  —    either case , the fact that such information was circulating in literary circles is a likely reason that the " Birther " rumor existed at all . But it took the Clinton campaign , and its frustrated supporters , to it that rumor to a political the "Birther" rumor The Clinton campaign discussed targeting Obama the Clinton campaign of American roots , " which led to campaign staff circulating a photo of Obama in Muslim garb . ( The Obama Obama was not above such tactics the Clinton campaign Obama memo referring to Clinton as " ( ) , Clinton due to her family ’s financial links to Clinton . ) Later , Clinton supporters ( though not the Clinton or campaign , according to available information ) began circulating the rumor that Barack Obama was born abroad . One , Philip J. Obama filed one of the more notable lawsuits challenging Obama ’s Democratic Party nomination ( dismissed for lack of standing ) . The story has been affirmed by , of all networks , MSNBC . Birtherism began " with [ Clinton ] and her campaign " Clinton 2008 . Clinton , the 2016 version of the Clinton campaign wants to use Birtherism against Trump   —    or , to be precise , against Breitbart , covering up her own role in the Birther theory . How fitting for Breitbart candidate that only 11 % of Americans consider honest . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths Joel B. Pollak Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 