Pollster and president of the Ted    " Keep The Promise " PAC Kellyanne Conway says Florida Sen. Marco Rubio had no constituency on Super Tuesday beyond wealthy donors and the chattering class . [ " In Texas , Ted Cruz basically had what Florida Sen. Marco Rubio had in South Carolina , but got a very different result , " " PAC Kellyanne Conway told executive chairman and host Stephen K. Bannon on Breitbart News Daily . " Ted Ted Cruz the endorsement of the current governor , the former governor , the lieutenant governor , a bunch of state legislators , and he came Ted Cruz of there with the lion ’s share of 155 delegates allocated . "   Marco Florida Sen. Marco Rubio the governor , the senator , Trey Gowdy , all the king ’s horse ’s and all the king all the king South Carolina , " she said . " And all the king came out Ted Cruz South Carolina with zero delegates South Carolina it shows that when Cruz does have some structure and support from the conservative cognoscente , in one of the states , like he did in Ted Cruz , like he did in Ted Cruz , he wins . Ted Cruz he wins nicely Ted Cruz Rubio just ca n’t convert along the same way . So these endorsements and infrastructure matter if you can actually convert them . Rubio won over the these endorsements and infrastructure matter vote Rubio Northern Virginia , Conway added . " They ’ve convinced themselves he ’s these endorsements and infrastructure matter one . these endorsements and infrastructure matter Rubio the future of the Rubio party . Marco Rubio the Republican Party the Rubio the Republican Party . the future of the Republican party not happening now . " " Ted Cruz is the future of the Republican party the number of states that you need under RNC rule    to be considered as a nominee in contention at the convention . You need to have won eight states going into the RNC convention to even be considered a nominee , " she said . " the convention Rubio ’s real audience are the donors Rubio Ted Cruz mainstream media , are the punditocracy . " Rubio won just one state on Tuesday : Rubio , leading many to dub him " Marco Mondale . " Currently , Rubio frontrunner Donald Trump is the only candidate with enough states to be considered the nominee , with ten victories to date . Breitbart News Daily airs weekdays from 6 am to 9 am EST on SiriusXM Patriot 125 . LISTEN : 
 