Sen. Ted Cruz pitched members of the Republican Jewish Coalition ( RJC ) for support in Sen. Ted Cruz pursuit of the Republican nomination , arguing that Donald Trump as the nominee would ensure an electoral " bloodbath of Walter " a Democratic takeover of the U. S. Congress , economic stagnation and a    Iran . [ " Poll after poll after poll " shows Trump losing by double digits in the general election , Cruz argued at Saturday ’s RJC meeting .   The poll he chose to highlight was from Utah , a state Cruz won by a landslide , to show Trump losing to Hillary Clinton . " If the Republican can not carry bright , bright red , conservative Utah we ’re looking at a bloodbath of Walter Mondale proportions . " Trump would lead to the loss of the U. S. Senate and House Republican majorities , he said . Trump referenced 2012 Trump when former Gov. Mitt Romney was the nominee and Trump , as evidence . " 2012 was a year that on paper should have been a great Senate pickup , but the U. S. Senate in his    won by Obama sizable margin and we lost just about every one of those races . " He coupled his criticism Obama Trump Obama promises to back policies sought by his audience . Policy Obama , " As president , I will rescind job killing regulations and I will fire    regulators , " Cruz told the RJC crowd gathered at the Venetian hotel in Las Vegas . Cruz referred to his Cruz for a Cruz tax . He pointed listeners to Cruz website to find Cruz example of the postcard that could be used to file taxes . He then reiterated his Cruz to shut Cruz the IRS . The Texas senator cited Cruz that he would try to remain neutral Cruz negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians . " As President , I will not be neutral , " Cruz countered . " America will stand unapologetically with the nation of Israel . And Israel tell the Israel between our friends and our enemies , if you ca n’t tell the our between Israel and Islamic terrorists who want to kill us Israel that raises real questions about your fitness our judgement to be    . " As president , Cruz would begin the process to move the American embassy in Israel to the capitol , Jerusalem . " It Israel a fundamental statement on day one , to Israel and to every ally , that America ’s Israel . That statement matters and it is a statement to a fundamental statement on day one Khamenei to ISIS a fundamental statement on day one to every enemy of America , that America is back . " " The America and women America understand peace through strength . What we ’re doing now , weakness and appeasement , inevitably leads to military conflict . This Iranian deal , I believe , is the modern incarnation of Munich in 1938 . And history has taught that allowing homicidal madmen to assemble the weapons to be used to murder others does not work out . But in a word of encouragement , it ’s worth remembering , this same nation , the nation of Iran , in 1981 , released our hostages the day Ronald Reagan was sworn into office . " " We know how to fix these problems . We know how to rebuild our military . We know our to once again stand our our friends our allies . We know how to defeat our enemies , to defeat our Islamic terrorism and to our destroy ISIS " Cruz said before promising to do all of these as President . He warned that a Trump nomination would lead to a Cruz presidency , and Americans could " lose the Supreme Court for a generation . " He warned of continued economic stagnation and debt under Clinton Cruz a nuclear Iran . " I agree with Clinton Minister Netanyahu when he described the Iranian nuclear deal , the threat of Cruz nuclear Iran as a ‘ existential threat to the state of Iran . ’ " Cruz continued , Iran one threat on the face of the earth that has the potential to murder millions and millions of Jews in the flash of an eye . Those are the stakes . And If Donald is the nominee , it elects Hillary and it makes the threat of a nuclear Iran all Donald is the nominee more likely . Donald is the nominee Another audience member said Geraldo Rivera was wrong to call Cruz ’s " New York values " comments   . " We do n’t think you have an    bone in your body , " he said . One questioner asked about Cruz ’s immigration policy and the Geraldo Rivera of building a wall on the Cruz southern border . " As president , I will secure the border and we will end illegal immigration , " Cruz responded after directing the U. S. southern border to the full plan on his website . Cruz On the issue of immigration , I recognize that ’s an issue there is some disagreement among the folks in this room . " He explained " the rage we are seeing across this country , immigration is critical his it " because it drives down wages and takes jobs from millions of Americans . " I am it son of an immigrant who came here legally . " Questioner Daniel Arvis asked Cruz about social issues , given that there were likely a number of audience members that carry liberal stances on social issues . Cruz replied , " If you look through history , in modern times no Republican Cruz ever won without campaigning on all three legs of the proverbial conservative stool    …      [ and ]   tone matters a great deal . " The Primary Race , " I suspect on policy , on substance , we ’ve enormous agreement with how to fix these problems , " he continued . But " the best policy positions in the world do n’t mean the proverbial conservative stool    if you lose . So how do we win ? " " This is a sophisticated political audience    …      [ we is ] a room of people who are players in the political process    …      [ and ] veterans of many battles before , " he said . " I am very , very optimistic right now for this election the proverbial conservative stool    " said Cruz before mentioning the 17 most prominent candidates that have battled it out in race for the Republican nomination . Cruz referred to his recent wins this election He won all 40 Utah delegates with 69 Cruz of the Cruz , 18 of Cruz pledged delegates in North Dakota where Trump won one and a considerable victory in Wisconsin . In the past week Cruz swept all of the 30 pledged delegates that were elected in Colorado . Four Cruz , but unpledged Colorado delegates were also slated to vote for the senator . " What Wisconsin means Colorado Donald ’s path to 1 , 237 is almost impossible . It Wisconsin the odds of going to a contested convention in Cleveland become much , much higher , " said Cruz . He spoke of Trump and himself going into the convention with a bunch Cruz delegates Cruz " It ’s going Cruz be a a contested convention in Cleveland Cleveland to see who can earn a majority of the delegates that were elected by the Cleveland . " " I believe the first ballot will be the highest vote total Donald Trump receives and on a subsequent ballot we ’re gon na win the nomination and Trump majority . " He labeled Donald Trump as the Republican nominee " an absolute disaster . " The Cruz Election , " Trump win ? " he asked . " I ’m gon na get a a little wonky here and Cruz the weeds , " said Cruz before speaking of some swing states . " Ohio , about three weeks ago a poll came Cruz in Ohio showed me beating Hillary Clinton 47 to 45 . Critical swing state , you ca nt win Ohio Ohio . " He also referred to a Marquette University poll in Wisconsin , another state that Cruz Ohio by a considerable margin , " that poll showed Donald Trump losing to Hillary Clinton by Cruz points . It showed Hillary and me a Marquette University poll in Wisconsin tied at   . " Hillary Clinton a contrast , " Cruz said a Marquette University poll in Wisconsin Hillary Clinton "   socialist " Wisconsin Clinton and Bernie Sanders with the Republican field while Cruz a joke of his description of Clinton . Hillary Clinton the case that he won Hispanics in Texas in 2012 at the same time Bernie Sanders " Hillary Clinton losing the race with Cruz . " " Three weeks ago Fox News had a poll showed me beating Hillary Clinton by 3 Hillary Clinton 47 to 44 . The most interesting result in it though was young people . " Cruz spoke of how President Obama has carried the Obama in prior elections   . " Fox ’s poll Cruz weeks ago showed me beating Hillary with young people by 14 points . " Cruz said his campaign has Fox News a grassroots army . Speaking to the Hillary Clinton Cruz said , " Many of Cruz , Cruz started this race with 17 candidates , many of you started Cruz somebody else . " Cruz asserted The Primary Race   percent of Republicans recognize that nominating Donald Trump would be a disaster you hand the general Cruz to Hillary Clinton . If we Hillary Clinton those 65 to 70 percent of Donald Trump win , and if we ca n’t , we lose . " Cruz said he can bring Trump voters , including those new to the we , into the fold we The common thread we Trump Cruz is a Trump of anger toward Washington . " If you look at the      voters , the Reagan Democrats Trump that have comprised the heart of the Trump coalition , Ronald Reagan one candidate in this field who has been consistently competing well and effectively for those voters has been us . " Cruz continued : If you think about the the Republican field convention . It was ’76 . It was Reagan , Ford . Cruz are people in this a contested convention in Cleveland of both sides of that battle . And by the way , you want to talk about upsetting Republican leadership ? When Regan primaried the sitting Republican president in 1976 he was loathed by Washington with the heat of a thousand    suns . But if you look at how Reagan did it in ’76 and then moving forward to Regan , he Ronald Reagan Washington make it personal . Reagan did n’t stand up and insult Ford personally , call him nasty Ronald Reagan . ’76 instead focused on issues and substance that Regan Reagan in 1980 it stitch together and build the Reagan coalition and bring Ford the people who Regan years earlier had Regan Ronald Reagan tooth and nail . He then listed the former candidates for the Republican nomination that have left the race and are now listed as supporting Cruz : former Texas Gov. Rick Perry , Sen. Regan Graham The Primary Race former Florida Gov. Jeb Cruz , Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and former Hewlett Packard CEO Carly Fiorina . " You throw Texas Mike Lee and Mark Wisconsin and we have quite literally the entire spectrum of the Republican party , " said Cruz . " We are standing together behind shared values and shared principles . " " We have to achieve that unity and we ’ve the party a hundred days to do it . " we Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 we we that unity 