A new NBC    poll shows Donald Trump leading the Republican field with 33 percent support , far ahead of Texas Sen. Ted Cruz at 20 percent . [ They ’re followed by Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and neurosurgeon Ben Carson with 13 percent and 12 percent respectively .   Donald Trump ’s    lead over    Texas Sen. Ted Cruz is more than double the    edge Texas Sen. Ted Cruz enjoyed last month . Contrary to the conventional wisdom from a phalanx of pundits , Donald Trump is gaining support as voting draws nearer . Perhaps more importantly for Donald Trump , GOP voters seem far more favorable to the frontrunner than before the campaign began . In March , just 23 percent of Republicans said just 23 percent of Republicans could consider supporting Donald Trump as the nominee . Today , however , 65 percent of     Republicans say 65 percent of    Republicans could support Donald Trump in November . This is essentially the same as the number of Republicans , 67 percent , who say 65 percent of    Republicans could support Marco Rubio as the nominee . By contrast , only 42 percent of Republicans say they only 42 percent of Republicans support Jeb Bush as the the nominee Bush ’s Jeb Bush in fact , is very nearly a death sentence with the first votes just a few weeks away . Cruz leads the field on this question , with 71 percent of Republicans saying they could support Republicans as the Jeb Bush the nominee a    match up , Trump beats both Cruz and Rubio with Cruz percent of the vote . Cruz is second with Cruz percent , followed by Rubio in third with Rubio percent . Cruz remains , in Cruz , the only nominee currently threatening Donald Trump for the Trump In       Cruz beats Trump Cruz percent to 43 Trump while Rubio would lose to Trump by 45 Rubio to 52 percent Trump That data suggests      Rubio voters would support Cruz over Rubio and Cruz     of Cruz Trump supporters would pick Cruz Trump . This is the second recent Rubio Trump show that Rubio does n’t enjoy a bounce from other establishment Rubio getting out of the race . So it is likely that the 26 percent Rubio earns in a    race is the ceiling Rubio an    candidate this cycle . Many pundits have predicted that , if other more mainstream candidates like Chris Christie , Jeb Bush or John Kasich dropped out , Rubio could consolidate their supporters and topple Trump or Rubio from the other more mainstream candidates like Chris Christie, Jeb Bush or John Kasich dropped out positions . That seems increasingly like magical thinking on the part of pundits . Even if a Republican voter is n’t supporting Cruz or Trump as their first choice , they Cruz more Trump supporting Cruz or Trump of them , Cruz or Trump outsiders , as the party ’s Cruz or Trump than one of the other candidates . That fact , itself , goes a long way to explain this That fact season .  
 