" It is clearly open season on prominent Trump supporters , " talk radio star Michael Savage told Breitbart News one day after Michael Savage was reportedly allegedly assaulted at a restaurant in Tiburon , California . [ Savage , who has been credited with aiding President Donald Trump ’s election , said that Michael Savage was not able to comment on the specific alleged incident . Michael Savage attorney told the news media that Michael Savage was verbally taunted and then assaulted by a restaurant patron .   Speaking generally , Michael Savage told Breitbart News on Thursday : Breitbart News is clearly open season on prominent President Donald Trump’s supporters . The fascist left has been empowered by The fascist left own false narrative that those who support borders , language and culture   —    my motto   —    are evil fascists !   This is how Hitler came to power .   Hitler used Hitler brown shirts to beat any opponents . The media and police are almost wholly driven by this lie . The Daily Mail reported on the alleged incident , citing Savage ’s attorney , Daniel Horowitz : Michael Savage , the     host of the nationally syndicated talk radio show Savage Nation , was dining solo at Servino Ristorante in Tiburon , with his toy poodle , Teddy , keeping his company , when another patron allegedly began taunting his by saying , ‘ weener , weener.’ The heckler was apparently referring to Savage ’s legal name , Michael Alan Weiner . As Savage was heading out the door , the verbal abuse allegedly turned physical when the jeerer knocked the septuagenarian to the ground , according to the talk show host ’s attorney , Daniel Horowitz . Mercury News further reported : Spokeswoman Laurie Nilsen said officers arrived on the scene on Tiburon ’s Main Street at about 8:25 p. m. Both men involved in the fight claimed the other started it , according to an incident log . Spokeswoman Laurie Nilsen said the two men Both men involved in the fight under citizen ’s arrest and were released at the scene . the scene police report will be sent to the District Attorney ’s Office for review to see if any charges will be filed . Horowitz suggested it ’s unlikely his client was A   police report aggressor , Horowitz that he ’s 5 feet 6 inches Horowitz and 75 years old . According to Horowitz , the incident started after Horowitz had finished dinner and was leaving the restaurant .   The lawyer said the alleged assailant , who stood at about six feet five inches , approached the talk radio host " yelling insults . " Mercury News continued : After Savage told the man to " Savage away , " he started to turn . Horowitz the man it appears that the Horowitz knocked Savage to the the man also Savage his dog out of the way . the man that point , another customer from the restaurant intervened , and Savage ’s alleged assailant punched him Savage face , Horowitz said . Savage’s alleged assailant was somehow Horowitz to get back Savage and help the good Samaritan while also calling police . " He called me from the scene Horowitz " Horowitz told Mercury Nes . " Horowitz , I think he was more furious than anything Horowitz He was saying he had just Horowitz to go Horowitz and have a nice dinner . He said , ‘ This guy Horowitz n’t get away Horowitz . ’ "    On Tuesday , Savage ’s latest nonfiction book , titled Trump ’s War : His Battle for America , was released . Salon Savage com recently labeled Savage the "   godfather of Trumpamania . " Savage , a    radio host and bestselling author of numerous books , is known for helping to define the nationalist themes of borders , language and culture . His daily    syndicated radio program , " The Michael Savage Show , " is reportedly heard by 10 million listeners per week . Trump was a fixture on Savage ’s program throughout the 2016 presidential campaign and even called into the show the day of the election . Aaron His daily   syndicated radio program, "The Michael Savage Show," Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts Aaron Klein popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 