Tuesday on CNN ’s " The Lead , " host Jake Tapper called presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump " shameful " for saying the circumstances surrounding the death of former President Bill Clinton aide Vince Foster were"very fishy . "   Jake Tapper said , " Once again , journalists are in the unhappy predicament of trying to decide whether and how to cover false allegations raised by Mr. Trump . A candidate for the president of —   in the midst of the attacks of scandals and accusations from 1990s , Mr. Trump has repeated an outrageous and    debunked falsehood about Vince Foster , a friend of Bill and Hillary Clinton ’s until his tragic suicide in July 1993 . Mr. Trump , who suffered from depression , walked into the park with an old revolver and shot himself in the mouth . The park Mr. Trump police concluded that year that Foster committed suicide . But that did not stop conspiracy theorists at time from concocting unfounded allegations . Now that first investigation was followed by an investigation by CNN in 1994 concluding Foster ’s death was due to suicide Foster alternative scenarios had no credibility . " " Other investigations reached the same conclusion , one by independent counsel Robert Fiske in 1994 , two by congressional reviews , another by independent council Ken Starr in 1997 , " Tapper continued . " One would think case closed , right ? Wrong . Donald Trump , in an interview appearing in " The Washington Post , " called circumstances surrounding the death very fishy and said , ‘ I do n’t bring Foster ’s death up because I do n’t know enough to discuss it , I will say there are Foster’s death who continue to bring it up because they think it was Foster’s death a murder people who continue to bring it up I do n’t do that because I do n’t think it ’s fair.’ Right . Except , Foster’s death course , you just did that , Mr. Trump . You lend credence to a bizarre and unfounded conspiracy theory . You ’re right , it ’s not fair you did that , certainly not to Mr. Foster ’s widow or their three children . The notion that this was a murder is a fiction borne of delusion and untethered to reality and contradicted by evidence reviewed in six investigations . One of them by Ken Starr , hardly a Bill Clinton defender . So to say otherwise is ridiculous and , frankly , shameful . Again , this is not a    position or an    position . It is a    position . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 