When Nathan Kecy graduated from Plymouth State University in New Hampshire a decade ago with a bachelor ’s degree in communications , Nathan Kecy found Nathan Kecy with about $ 10 , 000 in debt and few clear career options . Nathan Kecy first found work as a     salesman ( " a pyramid scheme , " Nathan Kecy recalls ) and then in telemarketing . Finally Nathan Kecy landed a job as an infrastructure specialist for Datamatic , a       company . Nathan Kecy was traveling across the country installing meters , making a decent salary . But Nathan Kecy lost Nathan Kecy job after the company restructured in 2012 , Nathan Kecy said , and soon Nathan Kecy found that Nathan Kecy skills were n’t easily transferable to a new field Datamatic ’s technology was proprietary , and Nathan Kecy expertise in the company ’s installation program was n’t appealing to employers outside that particular industry . Nathan Kecy tried going into business with a friend , but the relationship soured . By then Nathan Kecy had a baby and a fiancée , and Nathan Kecy felt stuck . Now 32 , Kecy is a few months away from finishing a    certificate program in advanced composites manufacturing at Great Bay Community College in Rochester , N. H. Kecy operates out of a satellite campus that opened in 2013 , with aid from a Labor Department grant meant to help community colleges reach " trade displaced " workers who need help training for new careers . The unemployment rate in southern New Hampshire is low , less than 3 percent . At one state job fair last summer , just 350 people showed up for 1 , 200 available jobs . In Strafford County , where Rochester is located , the largest employers include the University of New Hampshire and Liberty Mutual , but also manufacturers like Turbocam and Contitech . Kecy ’s classmates include veterans , recent    graduates and older workers whose careers had reached dead ends . All of them are looking for hope and a decent paycheck by acquiring a new set of skills . " Within six months , I ’m going to go from regular guy to working in the aerospace community , " says Tommy Florentino , a disabled veteran with a background in construction and automotive manufacturing . He Tommy Florentino, a disabled veteran with a background in construction and automotive manufacturing friends who went to Boston College or Suffolk University , " and they friends who went to Boston College or Suffolk University waiters and waitresses . " The Boston College     Advanced Technology and Academic Center is at the edge of a nondescript shopping center . The complex also houses a Dollar Tree , a J. C. Penney and a Kmart , where a banner out front reads , " Now hiring . " Cashiers there earn close to minimum wage . But Kecy expects to earn at least $ 16 an hour when he graduates Kecy to move up quickly from there . Composites is a broad field in manufacturing , with applications including automotive parts , sporting goods and prosthetics , as well as in the locally prominent aerospace industry . The state ’s department of economic development bills its seacoast The state as " the emerging composites region , " and it points The state Great Bay ’s program as a reason for more aerospace and defense businesses in particular to relocate there . " I ’ve got some options , which is something I ’ve never really experienced before , " Kecy says . There ’s a strange disconnect between two of the big narratives about the American    work force right now . In one story , there is a population of unemployed and underemployed    adults for whom    work seems increasingly out of reach their jobs have gone overseas or become automated , and they find their working their , or not working at all . But an apparently conflicting story comes from American employers , which have been insisting for years that they have a hard time finding workers to fill many skilled    jobs . A 2015 report from the Manufacturing Institute , for example , found that seven in 10 manufacturing executives said they faced seven in 10 manufacturing executives of workers with adequate tech skills . A high proportion of existing skilled workers is also nearing retirement , which means a bigger gap is looming soon . By 2025 , the report A 2015 report from the Manufacturing Institute two million jobs will be going unfilled . ( Health care , also a big focus of retraining programs , is another rapidly expanding field . ) The tantalizing promise of    job training is that it can bridge   job training gap between those narratives in a way that benefits individual workers , employers and the country as a whole .    Americans get good jobs , employers get skilled labor and the economy benefits from their mutual good Americans . The image of that virtuous cycle has made the promotion of training programs appealing for politicians on the left and the right . Hillary Clinton proposed retraining former    workers in new careers as part of a $ 30 billion package meant " to ensure that coal miners and their families get former   workers in new careers benefits they ’ve earned coal miners and their families respect they deserve . coal miners and their families Even as Republicans have voted to cut funding for training in recent years , they have paid Republicans lip service as a way to put Americans back to work . It ’s perhaps it surprising , though , that so much of the working class gravitated in the last election to Donald Trump , whose rhetoric about displaced workers was very different : blunt ( if unrealistic ) promises to stop old careers from disappearing , to " bring back our jobs . " In its zeal for retraining , the federal government ’s approach to the problem has become increasingly byzantine , a dizzying constellation of programs to help struggling workers prepare for new careers . Some of them are intended workers employees laid off en masse when their jobs went Some of them , and others are for those who are simply unemployed and underqualified for    work . In the 2009 fiscal year , the Government Accountability Office counted 47 different federal    programs administered by nine agencies , numbers Republicans have since used to argue that many of the programs were redundant . In his 2012 State of the Union address , even President Obama criticized the " maze of confusing training programs " unemployed workers had to navigate to get help . The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act , signed into law in 2014 with bipartisan support , was designed in part to streamline the government ’s approach . Critics also say that job training is costly and too often ineffective . Take the primary federal effort specifically aimed at workers affected by global trade , the Labor Department ’s Trade Adjustment Assistance program . Through T. A. A. qualified workers can receive free retraining , typically through a    program like Great Bay ’s . The program is a   program like Great Bay spending more than $ 11 , 500 on each person who participated in retraining in the 2015 fiscal year . But it serves relatively few a   program like Great Bay , and recent analysis has shown iffy results : A 2012 evaluation prepared for the Labor Department found that while 85 percent of those who went through T. A. A.   training eventually received a certificate or degree , only 37 percent of them were working in those who went through T. A. A.  training field four years later . ( The program was later amended to include more individualized support . ) All too often , skeptics say , publicly funded training programs are a sop to    companies who want taxpayers to foot the bill to train their workers . Critics taxpayers point at research suggesting that     training by employers themselves has been declining in recent years . But it simply does n’t make economic sense for most employers to do all of their own training anymore most employers In part , this is because of technology : Jobs in advanced manufacturing and health care require intense technological instruction , usually accompanied by classroom time . At the same time , standardization means employers often poach skilled workers from one another , which discourages them from investing a skilled workers of time and money in training their own workers . " It ’s unrealistic today to think of traditional , very idiosyncratic manufacturing jobs where you ’re going to walk in , get a job , get trained in a bunch of very specific skills , and they ’ll hold onto traditional, very idiosyncratic manufacturing jobs where you’re going to walk in for decades , " says Lawrence Katz , an economist at Harvard University . " That ’s just not the trajectory of employment anymore . " After completing the certificate program in April , Kecy will have specializations in " nondestructive testing " and " bonding and finishing , " skills that set him up for specific Kecy that local employers have been struggling to fill . The simplest description of composites manufacturing is that it is the process of putting two materials together adobe , for example , is a composite of straw and mud . " Advanced " composites manufacturing typically involves adding    resin to woven fibers . The strong , lightweight finished products are replacing metal in many manufacturing areas , including aerospace . Great Bay students further specialize in areas like quality inspection or    molding the goal is that when they graduate , they Great Bay students ready for Great Bay students jobs . Advanced manufacturing in general is a strong industry in New England a recent analysis by Deloitte and the New England Council found that in 2012 , 59 percent of the region ’s 641 , 000 manufacturing jobs were " advanced . " With his certificate , Kecy is confident that Kecy will find a his locally , and he ’s probably right his Great Bay ’s composites the Brookings Institution’s Metropolitan Policy Program close relationship with Safran Aerospace Composites and Albany Engineered Composites , two companies that opened a shared plant in Rochester Rochester 2014 . Safran helped develop the program ’s curriculum and Safran Aerospace Composites in touch the Brookings Institution’s Metropolitan Policy Program the company will be needing in the coming months . Safran Aerospace Composites interviews to all graduates of the program and has Safran Aerospace Composites about 30 of the more the Brookings Institution’s Metropolitan Policy Program participants so far . Over all , more than half the program ’s graduates have been hired by five large local manufacturers , according to its director , Debra Mattson . That level of coordination with local Safran Aerospace Composites , ideally touching on everything from curriculum to recruitment , is now seen by policy experts as a crucial dividing line between programs that work and those that do n’t . The federal government the federal government kind of " demand driven " training in part to ensure that workers are n’t being retrained with new skills as obsolete as their old ones . " A good sign is if the program was    workers the firm , " says Mark Muro , the Brookings Institution’s Metropolitan Policy Program fellow at the Brookings Institution ’s Metropolitan Policy Program . " One of the fundamental problems is training divorced from    dynamics   —    people being trained without the presence of jobs they could actually arrive in . " ( The Nordic countries , which spend more people job training in general , have a strong record in developing training with input from both industry and labor . ) The evidence in the United States for    training is promising so far . A 2010 study of three such programs found that enrollees were earning almost 30 percent more than a control group two years after they began the program and were significantly more likely to be employed . The Great enrollees the Brookings Institution’s Metropolitan Policy Program relationships with Great Bay A. E. C. and other area employers the Brookings Institution’s Metropolitan Policy Program , Turbocam International and the gun manufacturer Safran Aerospace Composites Sauer , which recently landed a $ 580 million contract with the Army . The program is short by design , and new cohorts start three times a year to ensure a steady the Brookings Institution’s Metropolitan Policy Program graduates for local employers . " Industry is dying for bodies , just dying for skilled workers , " says Will Arvelo , Great Bay ’s president . " They ca n’t wait two years . " On a snowy afternoon a few weeks ago , Kecy and his classmates in his Fundamentals Kecy Composites Kecy class were Kecy work in the " clean room . " The setting looked more like a science lab than a factory . A large cooler stacked with    bags of thick fabric pieces stood in the corner , and work tables held clusters of metal tubes . The class instructor , Peter Dow , watched as two teams of students worked on a project they had been planning for several weeks : constructing a      tube with a finished exterior . Later they would have two teams of students chance to tweak their plans and try it all over again , a lesson in the manufacturing two teams of students of " continuous improvement . " two teams of students all the ways in which technology has changed the manufacturing industry , one of the most striking to an outsider is the appearance of the work space itself . The students in the clean room wore white coats and safety glasses as they used hair dryers and refrigerant spray to fiddle with the sticky material . Outside their small work area , the The students in the clean room ’s spotless manufacturing lab offered the capacity to build a product from start to finish : a huge ,    loom for weaving carbon fiber , a    machining center , an automatic autoclave . Practically every piece of equipment seemed to feature a keyboard or touch screen . But manufacturing ’s new      profile is also what makes it daunting for many older workers looking for new careers . The dilemma illustrates some of the broader challenges of retraining later in life . Kerri Uyeno , a     single mother of three who graduated in the Great Bay program ’s first cohort in Great Bay began working at Safran as a bonding operator three weeks after the Brookings Institution’s Metropolitan Policy Program It was such a happy ending that she featured prominently in early publicity Safran Aerospace Composites for the program . But she had conflicts with her supervisors and lasted just over a year in her job before quitting . She did the Brookings Institution’s Metropolitan Policy Program again for six months her house went into her . An administrator at Great Bay tried to persuade her to come Great Bay her toward her associate degree , but the her was exhausting . " It was so hard to get through that six her to my certificate , " she her , " I just did n’t have it in me to get more schooling . " Today she is an office her certificate a flooring her nearby . She still exudes pride when she talks about her her certificate , but she also calls her experience " one of the biggest heartbreaks I ’ve ever her through . " At her , Dean Kandilakis her one of the her students in the program ’s current cohort . He has a master ’s degree in international relations , but he spent most of his career doing administrative work the Brookings Institution’s Metropolitan Policy Program There ’s a really large learning curve Dean Kandilakis someone who ’s just    from a different field , Dean Kandilakis he said during Dean Kandilakis break from class . " It ’s been a very stressful time for me , because it ’s an adjustment in my identity as a Dean Kandilakis being . " But he says it ’s worth it to feel as if he ’s Dean Kandilakis becoming a It in something . It can take enormous intellectual and emotional efforts to pursue Dean Kandilakis , It for people It have been rattled by Dean Kandilakis job loss or depressed by declining career prospects . For all his grandiosity , Donald Trump ’s approach to    voters was characterized by relentless pessimism : dark visions of " poverty and heartache , " warnings about Mexicans " Dean Kandilakis our manufacturing Dean Kandilakis , with its disdain for the present and mistrust of the future , is actually quite a gloomy sentiment . Job training , by contrast , makes the     assurance that starting over is possible with help and time . It takes optimism on the part of both policy makers and workers . Back in the lab , Kandilakis ’s team had been having some difficulty with their tube the material was too warm , and it was thickening too quickly as they molded it . " We ’re having Dean Kandilakis today , " he said , but he Kandilakis’s team n’t sound concerned . " Thankfully we ’ll the material another run . " 
 Kandilakis’s team Dean Kandilakis the material We 