Not long into a raucous ,      set she performed on Thursday night at Carolines on Broadway , Leslie Jones described the experience of having to explain to an elderly aunt why there were pictures of Ms. Jones ’s naked body on she computer screen . The awkward conversation followed an episode from last summer , when , amid a series of online abuses that Ms. Jones’s suffered , her Ms. Jones’s website was hacked and explicit images of her Ms. Jones’s posted there . " Now I got to explain this to my aunties , " said Ms. Ms. Jones " " They old , and they from civil rights . They just now getting Ms. Jones . " Slipping Ms. Jones the quavering voice of Ms. Jones of these relatives , Ms. Jones said , " She was like , ‘ Was it the Klu ’s Klux Klan ? Ms. Jones " She examined her niece ’s anatomy and added , " I did n’t Ms. Jones you Ms. Jones that . " Ms. Jones said she answered : " Just go back to sleep , Ms. Jones Do n’t Ms. Jones the computer on . " For Ms. Jones , this set   —    the first of six she is Ms. Jones play at Carolines this weekend   —    seemed to cap Ms. Jones exuberant reassertion of her comic self ( on " S. N. L. , " at the Emmys , Ms. Jones Twitter ) after she was the target of vicious internet attacks . Most of her    focused on Ms. Jones distinctions between the person she seems to be on television Ms. Jones the person she is in real life . Ms. Jones Carolines , Ms. Jones was louder , more Ms. Jones confrontational , even more openly libidinous and less Ms. Jones than any character she plays on " S. N. L. " ( On more than one occasion , she Ms. Jones the crowd , " I ’m a horrible person . ") And when she Ms. Jones talk about the internet harassment , Ms. Jones showed that she could still find Ms. Jones humor in some devastating personal circumstances . Ms. Jones nude photos of Ms. Jones were posted online , she said , " I actually laughed . " " I was Ms. Jones , they do n’t Ms. Jones how many people I ’ve actually tried to show that to , " she added . " You really just helped a sister out . Thank you for the distribution Ms. Jones " Last summer , after the release of a new " Ghostbusters " movie that    Ms. Jones with a predominantly female cast , she was bombarded on Twitter with racist and sexist insults . At one point , she wrote Ms. Jones she was " in a personal hell " and was stepping away from her Ms. Jones account . Ms. Jones after , Twitter banned Milo Yiannopoulos , the inflammatory    commentator who Ms. Jones been a ringleader of those attacks Twitter The hacking of Ms. Jones ’s website occurred a few weeks later , but she gradually returned to the spotlight , addressing the indignities in her barnstorming and unabashed comedy . Ms. Jones the Emmy Awards in September , she appeared onstage with Ms. Jones Ernst   Young accountants who tabulate its votes to jokingly ask for Ms. Jones help in protecting her online . " Y’all over here using your skills to protect best the Ernst  Young accountants who tabulate its votes to jokingly ask for their help in protecting her online in a French Ms. Jones , " she said at the time . " Meanwhile , I ’m    on CNN . " In Ms. Jones " Saturday Night Live " monologue in October , Ms. Jones said she had not been embarrassed by the trolling or the hacking , and she Ms. Jones internet assailants Ms. Jones " I am very comfortable with who I am , " she Ms. Jones . Ms. Jones I am an open book . I keep my porn in a folder labeled Ms. Jones porn . ’ " This week , as Mr. Yiannopoulos , her onetime antagonist , lost a book deal and a prominent speaking gig and resigned from Breitbart News Ms. Jones the furor over a past interview in which he condoned pedophilia , Ms. Jones did not gloat too much . Without mentioning Mr. Yiannopoulos by name , she wrote on Ms. Jones account that people were devoting too much energy to his woes . " Been Ms. Jones and moved Ms. Jones , " she wrote . " He has no space Mr. Yiannopoulos ! " In her    set , Ms. Jones urged Ms. Jones female audience members Mr. Yiannopoulos to be defined by how men perceive Ms. Jones   —    Ms. Jones your craziness Ms. Jones " she told them   —    and said there was her female audience members undoing the freedoms they had won . " All Ms. Jones are her female audience members me now , " she said . " We make our her female audience members money . " Wondering aloud if she would Ms. Jones find true love Ms. Jones Ms. Jones drew connections between We single status and the political era of Ms. Jones Trump . " I want to Ms. Jones love , " she Ms. Jones . " I want to do that , but it ’s 2017 , and we got a pig in Ms. Jones . The world is about to end . " But that , too , could be misguided , she suggested . " If I see another     white woman from Williamsburg saying ‘ black lives matter,’ I ’m going Ms. Jones punch you in the mouth , " Ms. Jones said . " Stop doing that . " When she observes these political protests , Ms. Jones said : Ms. Jones one black woman out there . Black woman at home Ms. Jones ‘ Housewives of Atlanta . Ms. Jones During a riff about rescue dogs and    pet owners who say things like " Did I rescue the dog , or did the dog rescue me ? " Ms. Jones spun a wicked fantasy . " How about both of y’ all get caught in the dog , and neither one Ms. Jones all get rescued ? " she said . Without waiting for the laughter of her aghast crowd to subside , Ms. Jones invoked her mantra from earlier in the Ms. Jones . " I told you , I am Ms. Jones , " she said . Ms. Jones Ms. Jones Ms. Jones 