A number of Kellogg ’s Facebook pages have erupted with complaints about the company withdrawing   from Breitbart News , with many users tagging many users complaints with the # DumpKelloggs boycott slogan which Breitbart debuted on Wednesday . [   " I for one , am sick and tired of businesses trying to get political , if you want us to buy your products , stay out of politics ! " commented one user in a visitor post to Kellogg ’s Rice Krispies page .   " Interesting that Kellogs never perceived hate speech until they were told to perceive hate speech . Now that you have bowed to the Michelle Obama campaign to make everything tasteless and colorless no big loss for most to stop buying , " posted another . Kellogg’s Frosted Flakes page was also bombarded with complaints , with some users simply posting the # DumpKelloggs hashtag . " Kellog ’s comments concerning Breitbart ’s readers and their decision to stop advertising on the their their just earned a walk over to my kitchen pantry , " declared one    Kelloggs customer . " The Special K that my husband has eaten for many years is now in the kitchen garbage can . Breitbart Breitbart kind enough to print a list of your products . I thank them a list of your products None of them a list of your products be on my kitchen shelves ever again . " " When a company caves into the ‘ demands’ of the special little snowflakes that ca n’t handle adult life or opposing views be prepared to watch your stocks fall ( oh , wait , they a list of your products have . ) Maybe you should go and read EVERY article over the last year with an open mind and you ’ll find none of the ‘ hate’ you profess , " posted another . " Companies need to learn to keep politics out of business . " One poster proclaimed , " No more Kelloggs cereals , pop tarts etc will be brought into my home , " while another added that they " wo nt be buying " Kellogg ’s products anymore due to the company ’s treatment of Breitbart News and its Breitbart News . The following are some of the other comments made to Kellogg Kellogg Flakes page on Facebook since the company Kellogg : Various Facebook Kellogg ’s pages Kellogg received complaints including " Kellogg ’s Family Kellogg and " Kellogg ’s ‘ Anaaj Kellogg Nashta’ . " " Because I read a conservative news source , I do n’t share your values ? ? ? ? " commented one user on the Family Rewards page . " Let ’s see you get those Gluten free lib ’s buy your stuff ’s [ I ’m ] switching to POST . # dumpkelloggs # IheartBreitbart " " So Kellogg ’s values are Kellogg have no moral values ? That certainly makes shopping easier ! Thanks idiots , " added another . One man simply commented , " YOUR FINISHED AT MY HOUSE ! , " while another proclaimed : " I am boycotting Kellogg ’s products as Kellogg’s they are boycotting Breitbart . Kellogg’s products " So Brietbart does not match your values ? You mean values like honesty , intergity , love of country and our consitution , " joked one commenter , adding , " What nitwit at your company felt it would be a good one commenter to dis middle class Americans who buy your products ? Well this Mom who does the shopping for her famiky will no longer this Mom who does the shopping for her famiky liberal left wing corporations . " On the " Anaaj ka Nashta " page , one man claimed to " have purchased the last product I will ever again purchase from your company " while a military veteran asked whether his political views meant that one man was no longer welcomed one man the company . " I your company this country as a military member for over 29 years and i voted for Trump , " declared the man . " Do one man want my business anymore ? Just let me know . " The page also received the the "Anaaj ka Nashta" page : Kelloggs pulled their advertising from Breitbart News after claiming that the following messages news outlet was not " aligned " with company values . " We regularly work with our    partners to ensure our ads do We on sites that are We aligned with our values as a company , " said Kellogg We Kris Charles . " We recently reviewed the list of sites where our Kellogg can be placed and decided to discontinue Kellogg on Breitbart . com . We are working to remove ads from that site Kellogg " Breitbart News     Alexander Marlow slammed Kellogg ’s decision in a statement and encouraged a Kellogg of the company . " Breitbart News is the largest Kellogg    content anywhere Breitbart News     Internet . We are fearless advocates for traditional American values , perhaps Kellogg important among them is freedom of speech , or our motto ‘ more voices , not less,’ " declared Marlow . " For Kellogg ’s , an American brand , to blacklist Breitbart News in order to placate    totalitarians is a disgraceful act of cowardice . They insult our incredibly diverse staff and spit in the face Kellogg’s, an American brand our 45 , 000 , 000 highly engaged , highly perceptive our highly loyal readers , many of whom are Kellogg ’s customers . " " Boycotting Breitbart News for presenting Kellogg ideas is an act of discrimination and intense prejudice " he continued . " If you serve Kellogg ’s products to your "Boycotting Breitbart News for presenting mainstream American ideas is an act of discrimination and intense prejudice" , you are serving up bigotry Kellogg your breakfast table . " Breitbart President and CEO Larry Solov also criticized Kellogg ’s , branding the act as " . " " Kellogg ’s has shown its contempt for Breitbart ’s 45 million readers Kellogg for the main Kellogg American values Breitbart they hold dear , " said Solov . " Pulling its advertising from Breitbart News is a decidedly CEO Larry Solov and    act CEO Larry Solov The only sensible response is to join together and boycott Kellogg ’s products in protest . " 
 Kellogg Kellogg 