Ken Kurson , the Editor of the New York Observer , compares Megyn Kelly to Candy Crowley : the " Fox anchor blows [ a ] critical fact , but media awarded cred for attacking GOP candidates ( especially Donald Trump ) . " [ From Observer . com :   During the second debate of the 2012 presidential election , Candy Crowley asserted herself Candy Crowley a way that just may have changed the changed the course of history . Ditching the moderator ’s    protocol as neutral poser of probing questions , the CNN correspondent corrected Mitt Romney ’s answer to her Candy Crowley about the attack on the U. S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi , Libya .    …      Fox News host Megyn Kelly had of course already engaged in a Mr. Trump Back in August during the first Republican debate , Ms. Megyn Kelly Mr. Trump a pointed ( and to my ears fair ) question about his past interactions with women and he responded aggressively , Mr. Trump followed up in the ensuing Mr. Trump with gross suggestions about how she had Megyn Kelly blood coming out of her eyes Megyn Kelly blood coming out of her wherever Megyn Kelly " Then he skipped the next debate that Fox hosted just before Mr. Trump Iowa caucuses . That all Mr. Trump kosher to me —   and immensely fun to watch unfold . Mr. Trump something happened last night that was way out of bounds and because I ’ve yet to read a single accurate reflection on it , I once again wade into treacherous territory on an issue that the Observer knows better than any other outlet —   the battle for narrative regarding Trump University . Megyn Kelly said of the school , which has become a talking point for Mr. Trump ’s opponents , " The rating from the Better Business Bureau was a   . That ’s the last publicly available rating . " Mr. Trump replied , " It was elevated to an Mr. Trump’s Ms. Kelly argued with Mr. Trump , saying , Megyn Kelly never been publicly available . Mr. Trump’s she proceeded to shush both Mr. Trump and Mr. Rubio , who Megyn Kelly clearly delighted that Ms. Kelly was doing his bidding , as he ’s made Trump Megyn Kelly centerpiece of his Megyn Kelly on Mr. Trump Megyn Kelly She said , " Let me just Megyn Kelly the record straight and Mr. Trump’s can have at it . " At this point , Ms. Kelly walked through the substance of the case , noting that there Megyn Kelly , 000 plaintiffs , and all the rest , even comparing Mr. Trump to Bernie Madoff and putting on screen an incendiary quote from the judge that certified Mr. Trump’s action case for the Ninth Circuit . All of this is fine , if a bit over the top in its detail , considering that no other candidate was subjected to this kind of produced set piece ( All of this Trump also got the    mashup treatment that he missed when he skipped the last Fox debate Mr. Trump’s But the problem is   . First , Mr. Trump’s Kelly appointed Mr. Trump’s    here , exactly as Ms. Crowley had done four years ago . By correcting Mr. Trump in saying , " That ’s never been publicly available , " she is no longer simply Mr. Trump’s awarding points , as well . Second , she ’s wrong . And Ms. Kelly had to have known it . Read the rest of the story here . Ms. Kelly Ms. Kelly 