The State Department issued a joint statement on Wednesday from Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov ahead of a    meeting . [ " Welcome to The State Department , " Tillerson said Rex Tillerson   " Thank you , " Lavrov said Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov " Thank you very much . " According to the transcript , someone asked a question about the firing of FBI Director James Comey , but Tillerson interrupted Rex Tillerson " I want to welcome Foreign Minister Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov State The State Department my appreciation for him making the trip to Washington Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov that we can continue our dialogue and our exchange of we that began we Moscow with the dialogue he hosted on a very broad Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov of topics , " Tillerson said . " Thank you . " An unidentified person asks again : " Does the Comey firing cast a shadow on your talks , gentlemen ? " " Was he fired ? " Lavrov asked An unidentified person " Yes , " the unidentified person said . " An unidentified person , " Lavrov said . " You are kidding . Lavrov Comey reportedly also thought those giving him the Comey that he had lost his Comey were kidding when Comey surfaced that Comey Donald Trump had removed him from office , The New York Times Comey Tuesday . Comey was speaking to FBI employees in Los Comey when the news appeared on a television news program the news that he had lost his job newspaper reported . At first , Comey laughed The New York Times " stepped into a Comey office , where he confirmed that he had been fired , Comey the report Comey . In a letter to Comey , Trump said , " it is Comey that we find new leadership for the FBI that restores public trust and confidence in its FBI enforcement mission . " Trump ’s move came FBI Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Trump Rod Rosenstein recommended that Comey be fired due to his conduct in the investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s handling of classified Comey during her tenure as Secretary of State . The White House said its Hillary Clinton’s for Comey ’s successor is already under way . 
 The White House Comey 