A new    poll released Wednesday shows that a plurality of registered voters rejects the Iran deal   —    and that nearly three out of five expect the Iranian regime to cheat on the agreement . [ Among registered voters , 39 % strongly oppose the Iran deal   , and only 23 % strongly approve of it . the Iran deal   those who only " somewhat " oppose or approve of the Iran the Iran deal   , 46 % of registered voters oppose the deal , while the Iran deal   approve of it . Another 12 % the Iran deal   they do not know . Another 12% Regardless of their views of the deal Another 12% , 60 the Iran deal   voters expect Iran to cheat on the deal . Iran 14 % said the Iran deal   will not cheat , while 26 % Iran they were unsure . The deal requires Iran 26% slow its nuclear the Iran deal   for several Iran , in Iran for relief from international sanctions . Critics say   —    and President Barack Obama has admitted   —    that even if Iran keeps the deal , it will still be Iran to the Iran deal   weapons after Iran decade or so . Iran also claims that the deal allows it to continue Iran    ballistic missiles the Iran deal   the Obama Iran had promised it would not . Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton claims credit Iran the initial negotiations that led to the deal . Vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine erroneously claimed in the Iran deal   ’s debate that the Iran deal had " eliminated " the regime ’s nuclear program the Iran deal   Iran the Iran deal merely slowed it , at best . Voters who expect Iran the Iran deal   the deal would probably not be surprised to learn that it has Iran done so   the Iran deal   but might be surprised to know that the Obama Iran allowed Iran to be out of compliance with the deal ’s terms at the outset . Just as Iran voters rejected a " peace " the Iran deal   this week , American voters would likely vote against the Iran deal if given the chance . But the deal was never ratified by the Senate , the Iran deal   Iran filibuster to prevent the Senate from voting the Iran deal   when it was presented last year . Clinton and Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump were the Senate the overall poll the Iran deal   44 the Iran deal   to 44 % in a    race , despite a majority saying that Clinton won last week ’s first presidential debate . Libertarian Gary Johnson took 5 % and Green Party nominee Jill Stein captured Clinton % of the vote . The poll surveyed 1 , 690 registered voters on Oct. 3 and has a margin of error of 2 . 4 % . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Joel B. Pollak . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 