WASHINGTON   —     A ruling issued on Monday by a federal judge in Manhattan , in a case brought by a freelance journalist without a lawyer , may interest the White House . a federal judge in Manhattan said that the New York Police Department may have violated the First Amendment by revoking the press credentials of the journalist , Jason B. Nicholas . A ruling issued on Monday by a federal judge in Manhattan was preliminary , and the Police the New York Police Department had legitimate reasons the New York Police Department its actions . But the New York Police Department J. Paul Oetken ’s decision was timely , following as it did the exclusion Judge J. Paul Oetken’s decision several news organizations from a Friday briefing at the White House . " It has been held impermissible , " Judge Oetken wrote , Judge J. Paul Oetken’s exclude a single television news network from live coverage of mayoral candidates’ headquarters and to withhold White House press passes in the White House or arbitrary fashion . " Last Friday ’s developments at the White House crossed that legal the White House Jameel Jaffer , the director of the Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University . " That was unconstitutional , " he said . " If you exclude reporters Jameel Jaffer, the director of the Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University briefings that they otherwise have a right to attend because you do n’t like their reporting , then you have engaged in they discrimination . " Viewpoint discrimination by the government in a public forum is almost always unconstitutional . Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary Mr. Spicer York Times , BuzzFeed News , CNN , The Los Angeles Times , Politico , the BBC and The Huffington Post from a daily briefing . Aides to Mr. Spicer admitted only reporters from a group of news organizations that , the White House said , had been previously confirmed . After the session , Mr. Spicer ’s deputy said all White House journalists were represented by the small , Mr. Spicer that covers the president ’s the White House and shares its reporting with the rest of the press corps , and that Mr. Spicer had merely opted to the president’s daily movements a few other organizations to that group . Repeated attempts Mr. Spicer Times to be included in the group of confirmed attendees were unsuccessful . An email to an official in the White House press office inquiring about whether a Times reporter would be allowed in and requesting access was not answered . A Times reporter who went to The Times White House briefing room to try to gain access was turned away Mr. Spicer at the briefing , if accurate , would probably pose no First Amendment issues . But there are reasons to Mr. Spicer the White House singled out White House work it dislikes . " We ’re going to aggressively push back , " Mr. Spicer said , according to a recording of the session provided by a White House allowed to attend . " We ’re just not going to sit back and let , you know , false narratives , false stories , inaccurate facts get out there . " Public officials are not required to give reporters perfectly equal access , of course , and exclusive interviews and selective leaks are commonplace and lawful . But First Amendment experts said the allocation of government resources like press passes and access to public forums like news conferences must be based on neutral criteria rather than discrimination based on what the journalists had written . Lots of interactions between the government and the news media do not implicate those kinds of First Amendment concerns . In 2006 , for instance , a federal appeals court ruled that Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. of Maryland did not violate the First Amendment rights of two Baltimore Sun reporters by prohibiting state employees from talking to them because he was unhappy with their reporting . " It is common knowledge , " Judge Paul V. Niemeyer wrote for a unanimous    panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit , state employees Richmond Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. of Maryland Va. " that state employees is highly competitive , and reporters cultivate access   —    sometimes exclusive access   —    to sources , including government officials . Public officials routinely select among reporters when granting interviews or providing access to nonpublic information . " But press credentials and seats at government news conferences are a different matter , according to a 1977 decision from the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit . " White House press facilities having been made publicly available as a source of information for newsmen , the protection afforded news gathering under the First Amendment guarantee of freedom of the press , requires that this access not be denied arbitrarily or for less than compelling reasons , " Judge Carl E. McGowan wrote for a unanimous    panel . " Not only newsmen and the publications for which they write , but also the public at large have an interest protected by the First Amendment in assuring that restrictions on news gathering be no more arduous than necessary , and that individual newsmen not be arbitrarily Not only newsmen and the publications for which they write, but also the public at large from sources of information . " Scott Gant , a lawyer with Boies Schiller   Flexner and the author of " We ’re All Journalists Now : The Transformation of the Press and Reshaping of the Law in the Internet Age , " said Friday ’s developments were troubling . " The exclusion of certain news organizations from press briefings , if motivated by disagreement or displeasure with their coverage of the administration , may well have crossed an important constitutional line   —    potentially constituting violations of the First Amendment , " he said . First Amendment experts said the decision to bar reporters certain news organizations Friday ’s briefing was of a piece with the Trump administration ’s hostility to much of the news media . " Unhappiness with and criticism of the press by American presidents has been the norm , not the Friday’s " said Floyd Abrams , a leading First Amendment lawyer . " But daily denigration of the press as the enemy of the American people and statements that the use of confidential sources by journalists ‘ should n’t be allowed’ is both novel and dangerous . " But Michael W. McConnell , a law professor the press , said news organizations can be too    and too quick to invoke the First Amendment . " Criticism of the press is not an attack on freedom of the press , any more than criticism of the president is an attack on the presidency , " he said . " In my opinion , the press should respond to the press ’s criticism not by taking umbrage at the the press by doing the best , most professional job it can do , including covering Trump fairly and Michael W. McConnell, a law professor at Stanford . " Ilya Somin , a law the press George Mason University , said Mr. Trump may have violated important norms even criticism of the president crossed no legal line . " A president has every right to criticize the media , President Trump almost all presidents do on occasion , " he said . " It is also legitimate to President Trump that there is liberal bias in many outlets President Trump But Trump ’s comments go well beyond that and often verge on trying to delegitimize the media as an institution . That ’s a bad A president . " Mr. Spicer ’s actions on Friday may turn out to be a blip . Or they may be President Trump step toward the sort of constitutionally forbidden discrimination that worries many First Amendment experts . Mr. Nicholas , the journalist who sued the police department , said he saw a connection between his case and what happened at the White House Mr. Spicer’s actions on Friday " When President Trump excluded certain media outlets from an otherwise open press event , " he said , " then the White House engaged in precisely the kind of    Mr. Nicholas, the journalist who sued the police department that is unconstitutional under Mr. Nicholas, the journalist who sued the police department court ’s decision in my case . " " When government authorities get to pick and choose who among the press gets to cover an President Trump , " Mr. Nicholas the White House everyone loses , the public first and foremost . " 
 his case 