Sunday on CNN ’s " State of the Union , " Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton ’s campaign manager Robby Mook twice refused to give Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s ’s position on sanctuary cities .   Partial transcript as follows : TAPPER :   I want to turn to the subject of immigration , because the subject of immigration ’s a topic that ’s sure to come up tomorrow , the subject of immigration ’s a major part of the Trump campaign . I know you have a lot of criticism of Donald Trump ’s position . When it comes to Hillary Clinton I have to ask about sanctuary cities , cities where they do n’t enforce federal immigration laws and that sometimes means people who are criminals , who are in this country illegally end up getting free and committing worse crimes . It ’s a fact that that does happen . Does Hillary Clinton consider sanctuary cities to be a problem ? MOOK : Well , first of all , Jake , as you mentioned we do think this is a really important difference between both of the candidates . And Secretary Hillary Clinton released a comprehensive plan for immigration reform . This is something she ’s Hillary Clinton to do in the first 100 days . We can not have a situation where anybody is coming to this country illegally and committing crimes . And so she has Hillary Clinton as I said , put out plans to make sure we ’re We violent criminals from this country this country can happen at the same time that we ’re We tearing families apart . And that we ’re We sure that    people who have been here for a very long time come out of the shadows , come in to the system , pay those back taxes , become citizen , and so actually our economy We continue to grow . TAPPER : I ’m not clear those . does she want to end sanctuary cities or not . You say people should n’t be coming into this country We a spokesman said last year Hillary Clinton believes sanctuary cities can help further public safety and she has defended those Hillary Clinton going back years . MOOK : That ’s too narrow a view of the situation . We need comprehensive immigration reform . And part of impressive immigration reform is making sure that law enforcement has the tools to find these violent criminals and get them out of the these violent criminals . And that for people who do not have legal status right now that we put them on that path these violent criminals citizenship . TAPPER : I look forward to further clarity on the sanctuary issue specifically . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 