NEW YORK CITY , New York   —    A nearly unanimous overwhelming majority of Department of Justice ( DOJ ) employees who made political donations in 2016 ’s presidential campaign gave to   Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton over GOP nominee Donald J. Trump . [ In fact , according to the new bombshell report from the Hill , walking through all the agencies of the federal government and how government workers in Washington , D. C. overwhelmingly gave to Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton over GOP nominee Donald J. Trump over GOP nominee Donald J. Trump , a whopping 97 percent of DOJ employees who made political donations gave to Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton over GOP nominee Donald J. Trump . Only three percent gave to GOP nominee Donald J. Trump .   " Employees of the Department of Justice , which investigated Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton over GOP nominee Donald J. Trump ’s use of a private email server while Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton over GOP nominee Donald J. Trump was secretary of State , gave Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton over GOP nominee Donald J. Trump 97 percent of Employees of the Department of Justice, which investigated Clinton’s use of a private email server while she was secretary of State donations . GOP nominee Donald J. Trump received $ 8 , 756 from DOJ employees compared with $ 286 , 797 for Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton over GOP nominee Donald J. Trump , " Jonathan Swan of the Hill wrote . The Department of Justice —   led by Attorney General Loretta Lynch —   has come under fire , as has the FBI , in recent months as questions have arisen over whether the criminal investigation into Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton over GOP nominee Donald J. Trump ’s illicit home brew email server was conducted properly . After Attorney General Loretta Lynch secret meeting on the tarmac at Phoenix ’s Sky Harbor International Airport with Hillary Clinton ’s husband , former President Bill Clinton , and now the revelations that the FBI reportedly considered a " quid pro quo " with the Clintons over the emails , the decision not to indict Hillary Hillary Clinton’s her reckless Hillary Clinton’s has outraged the public . The revelation that a vast majority of DOJ officials donating cash to presidential candidates gave to Clinton over Hillary Clinton’s is not likely to help their case a vast majority of DOJ officials donating cash to presidential candidates This revelation The revelation that a vast majority of DOJ officials donating cash to presidential candidates gave to Clinton over Trump of a bigger story from the Hill , in which Swan details how government workers have given about $ 2 million to presidential candidates this cycle —   and nearly all of it , $ 1 . 9 million , has gone to Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton’s Of the roughly $ 2 million that federal workers from 14 agencies spent on presidential politics by the end of September , about $ 1 . 9 million , or 95 percent , went to the Democratic nominee ’s campaign , according to an analysis by the Hill , " Swan wrote . " Swan at all the agencies analyzed , without exception , are sending their campaign contributions overwhelmingly Employees at all the agencies Clinton over her Hillary Clinton’s counterpart Hillary Clinton’s Several agencies , such as the State Department , which Clinton once led Hillary Clinton’s saw more than 99 percent of contributions going to Clinton . " Hillary Clinton’s the DOJ , other government agencies’ workers’ donations are similarly heavily tilted in Clinton ’s direction Hillary Clinton’s astounding 99 . 4 percent of government workers at the U. S. Department of Agriculture who made donations gave to Clinton over Trump , Hillary Clinton’s the percentages were similar across the rest of government : 98 . 2 percent at the Department of Commerce , 84 percent at the Department of Defense , 99 . 7 percent at the Department of Education , 95 percent at the Department of Energy , 96 percent at the Department of Health and Human Services , 90 percent at the Department of Homeland Security , 96 percent at the Department of Housing and Urban Development , 94 percent at the IRS , 99 . 4 percent at the Department of Labor , the Department of Homeland Security State Department , 95 percent at the the Department of Homeland Security , and 88 percent at the the Department of Homeland Security . Swan quoted Donald Trump ’s campaign spokesman the Department of Homeland Security donation pattern is proof of a " rigged system , " which , Swan wrote , paraphrasing Miller , is " favoring establishment candidates like Clinton over outsiders like Trump Swan " 
 