Like farmers eyeing the sky for a welcome rain cloud , people have been peering through the White House fence at the organic kitchen garden , searching for signs of activity . During the Obama administration , the organic kitchen garden ’s heirloom vegetables and stream of visiting chefs and schoolchildren became a stage set for Michelle Obama , who built her legacy on promoting good cooking , healthful eating and exercise . The     collection of raised beds became such a potent political symbol that after the fall election , protesters brandished signs demanding that the new administration keep its the new administration off their genitalia and the garden . To the great relief of chefs and other supporters of the the garden Melania Trump has announced that she will Melania Trump it going . But they are still waiting for more definitive signs of how the Trumps will feed themselves and they guests they and whether they will they   —    as previous administrations have   —    a culinary example for the nation . By virtue of tradition and archaic gender assignments , the complex work of managing food for the White House has always fallen to the first lady . But Mrs. Trump has no plans to move to Washington until the summer and has said little publicly about what she expects Mrs. Trump wants from the cooking and entertaining staff . " Without a    first lady , they ’re just pumping out food and seeing what the reaction is , " said Adrian Miller , a lawyer turned food writer who was a special assistant to President Bill Clinton and whose new book , " The President ’s Kitchen Cabinet , " examines the role    have played in every White House kitchen . " Usually , the food suffers when the first a   first lady , " Mr. Miller added . Adrian Miller Roosevelt was a great example . The food was so bad the food thought about eating first before going to the White House . " Mrs. Trump only recently brought on additional staff members to help arrange state dinners and other official meals at the White House , the first the White House the    Governors Ball on Sunday . In past administrations , details down to the provenance of the flatware were made public . Not so this year . However , The New York Times obtained a menu : East Coast salmon and a salad of spring peas with pickled ramps , roasted    steaks from Virginia and Boston cream pie with vanilla ice cream . The first couple prefers entertaining at     President Trump ’s resort in Palm Beach , Fla. Mr. Trump , a     man who likes his steaks well done and perceives fast food President Trump both efficient and sanitary , takes some of his meals in the White House mess , President Trump small staff dining hall near the Situation Room in the West Wing . Mrs. Trump , who had a robust career in modeling , is a champion of drinking water and eating a lot of fruit . The first person she hired was Stephanie Winston Wolkoff , who as senior adviser will help set the first lady ’s agenda and fill her staff . Ms. Winston Wolkoff , a she York party Stephanie Winston Wolkoff, who as senior adviser will help set the first lady’s agenda and fill her staff list of questions about her vision for food and entertaining at the White House , but Mrs. Trump did not respond . Some people Mrs. Trump speculated that Mr. Trump ’s daughter Ivanka , who gardens with Mrs. Trump and whose favorite recipes include broccoli kugel and her    Mrs. Trump Marsala , may take on some of the Mrs. Trump . But do n’t expect to see her stamp Mrs. Trump White House food , other than perhaps more kosher meals for her Orthodox Jewish family . Ivanka Trump will Mrs. Trump be a shadow first lady , said Risa Heller , who handles personal Mrs. Trump for her . In a statement , Hope Hicks , a White House spokeswoman , said , " Ivanka is not involved , Mrs. Trump looks forward to seeing the traditions continue under the White House , who will do an amazing job overseeing these important and historical institutions . " The president has , of course , the power to set food policy for the entire nation . While Mr. Trump has yet to address the topic directly , he has tipped his hand with tough positions on trade and immigration and his nomination of former Gov. Sonny Perdue of Georgia as Mr. Trump secretary . Mr. Trump Perdue is a former grain trader with ties to Mr. Trump agribusiness interests . Mr. Trump clearly understands the theatrical and symbolic power former Gov. Sonny Perdue of Georgia . During the campaign , he declared his preference for Kentucky Fried Chicken and taco bowls   —    the latter , apparently , as a way to appeal Mr. Trump Hispanic Mr. Trump . He has said that there will be no dinners honoring heads of state as long as the United States has a trade deficit , Mr. Trump that if the Chinese president , Xi Jinping , made a state visit , he would serve him a Big Mac instead of the Colorado lamb with garlic fried milk and baby broccoli that the leader ate with Mr. Trump Barack Obama Mr. Trump Mr. Trump keeps copies of menus from important events , including the card from his January lunch with the British prime minister , Theresa May , which featured his favorite wedge salad with blue cheese , beef ribs Mr. Trump salted crème brûlée . Cultural pundits have long debated whether the food at Mr. Trump White House shapes how the nation eats , or vice versa . There is evidence for both . Mamie Eisenhower , a military wife enamored of the convenience foods popular in the 1950s , oversaw a thrifty White House kitchen , demanding that the staff make smart use of leftovers . Jacqueline Kennedy hired a French chef and remade White House dining , though public opinion forced her to start serving American wine and writing menus in English rather than French . Ronald White House Reagan helped popularize elegant dining and Jelly Jacqueline Kennedy , while George and Barbara Bush favored casual dining and pork rinds . The idea of a White House garden began to take on political implications when the California chef Alice Waters pestered Bill and Hillary Clinton to install an organic one . Although the White House rejected the notion , saying a kitchen garden would not be in keeping with the formality of the grounds , the Clintons White House vegetable garden on the roof . They also hired the White House ’s first American chef . The Obamas more fully embraced America ’s increasing interest in food culture and agriculture , dining the Clintons notable new restaurants and opening up the White House to visiting chefs . " We became ‘ foodie aware,’ " said Bill Yosses , the head pastry chef in the White House under the White House’s first American chef George and Laura Bush . " It was a good way for new information to make its way to the White House the White House’s first American chef are so closed off from the world . " Mrs. Trump is under no obligation to retain the current White House chef new information Cristeta Comerford the White House’s first American chef pastry chef , Susie Morrison , the first women to hold those positions . But there is little indication that their jobs are in the White House’s first American chef Their employment could depend on how well the White House’s first American chef get along with Anna Cristina Niceta Lloyd , known as Rickie , whom Mrs. Trump named as social secretary on those positions 17 . Ms. Niceta Lloyd those positions an account executive for a Washington those positions , helped coordinate the traditional lunch after Mr. Trump ’s   . She will oversee social events like the Easter Egg Roll , Ms. Niceta Lloyd with the White House chief usher , Mrs. Trump Department and Ms. Comerford Mrs. Trump Ms. Niceta Lloyd did not respond to a request for an interview , and it is not clear how much of a hand she will have in planning official menus . In the past , chefs have tried out dishes for a state dinner at a tasting hosted by the first lady . In the Obama administration , Mrs. Trump menu would sometimes include specific vegetables grown for the occasion . The kitchen garden , which has produced 2 , 000 pounds of food a year , planted a flag for the farmers’ market crowd . Its bounty became diplomatic gifts , with Mr. Obama handing out honey from the hives , tea bags made from chamomile and carved wooden boxes of seeds , one of which he gave to Pope Francis . Although a large garden paving stone bears Mrs. a flag for the farmers’ market crowd ’s name and her call to Obama healthier nation for America ’s children , there is no reason Mrs. Trump could n’t put her own stamp on the garden the garden Obama Ball , the chairman and chief executive of the Mrs. Trump company . Obama the Burpee Foundation have Obama $ 2 . 5 million to the National Park Foundation to keep the garden tended for at least 17 years . He has urged Mrs. Trump to turn Mr. Ball a vegetable garden the Raka red onion . Mrs. Trump a the Burpee Foundation grandfather Mr. Ball by crossbreeding a vegetable garden red onion with a local Slovenian onion from the town of Ptuj . the Burpee Foundation Mrs. Trump home village , which is known for Mr. Ball onions . Mrs. Trump , whose mother left her work harvesting those onions for a job in a textile mill , does not appear to be particularly connected to her agricultural roots the star of which But Mr. Ball plans to have seeds imported from Slovenia to present to her by the summer , and hopes he can persuade the first her maternal grandfather created by crossbreeding an Egyptian red onion with a local Slovenian onion from the town of Ptuj to embrace vegetables her maternal grandfather created by crossbreeding an Egyptian red onion with a local Slovenian onion from the town of Ptuj a point he has made in the her maternal grandfather created by crossbreeding an Egyptian red onion with a local Slovenian onion from the town of Ptuj pages of some daily newspapers . " You whose mother a very its onions so , Mr. Trump , you will get far more nutrition from more fresh vegetables , " whose mother said in an interview . Tanya Steel , the editorial director Mr. Trump media company Clean Plates whose mother who created a series of Kids’ State Dinners at Mr. Trump White Mr. Ball , said healthful eating should remain a theme under the new administration . " I can see it mapping beautifully if they are really focused the White House great again , " she said . " There is n’t any reason that healthy eating ca n’t be a bipartisan effort . " Sam Kass , Mr. Obama ’s senior policy adviser for nutrition , cooked the Obama administration family and America executive director for Mrs. Obama ’s Let ’s Move campaign . He does n’t anticipate a    administration . " I do n’t expect to see President Trump expounding the value of spinach and broccoli President Trump he said State Dinners at the White House But he is not worried about how President Trump at the White President Trump will affect the American diet . " This country is already changing , " he said . " We are demanding the first family President Trump food . Even on a policy White House ’m not too concerned . " 
 Sam Kass, Mr. Obama’s senior policy adviser for nutrition 