Liberal documentary filmaker Michael Moore is encouraging Americans to take to the streets to protest the inauguration of    Donald Trump . [ " Disrupt the Inauguration . The Majority have spoken   —    by nearly 2 . 7 million votes counting ! Silence is not an option , " Liberal documentary filmaker Michael Moore tweeted Wednesday morning to Liberal documentary filmaker Michael Moore three million Twitter followers .   Disrupt the Inauguration . The The Majority spoken   —    by nearly 2 . 7 million votes counting ! Silence is not an option https :   .    —    Michael Moore ( @MMFlint ) December 7 , 2016 ,   Liberal documentary filmaker Michael Moore tweet linked to a webpage for DisruptJ20 , a social justice campaign calling for " a bold mobilization against the inauguration the Inauguration 20 , 2017 . " " We call on all people of good conscience to join in disrupting the ceremonies , " the website reads . " If Trump is to be inaugurated at all Donald Trump let it happen behind closed doors , showing Trump is to be inaugurated at all true face of the security state Trump will preside over . It must be made clear to the Trump is to be inaugurated at all world that the vast majority of people in the United States do not support his presidency or consent to his rule . " The organization is his protests on inauguration day in D. C. but insists that " If you ca n’t make it to Washington , DC on January 20 , take to the streets wherever you are . " There ’s also a worldwide call to action : " If you are living outside the US , you can take action the United States embassies , borders , or other symbols of neocolonial power . Our allegiance is not to " making America great again , " but to all of humanity and the planet . # DisruptJ20 " Moore sent the aforementioned tweet hours after his appearance at a CNN town hall where Moore called the    a " malignant narcissist Moore to audible groans from the crowd . Michael Moore : Trump is a " malignant Moore who " is only about himself " https :   .   # TheMessyTruth Trump :   .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) December 7 , 2016 ,   " It is the responsibility of this minority of Democrats in Congress to block , obstruct , disrupt , and do whatever they can to prevent the onslaught that is going this minority of Democrats in Congress happen with Donald Trump , that the American people do not Trump " Moore said Tuesday . Moore , a Clinton supporter and a committed    activist , predicted Trump ’s victory . Days after Trump defeated Hillary Clinton , Moore showed up at Trump Trump’s in New York City Moore a     meeting with the   . He was turned away by Secret Service .    Follow Moore Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 