Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz declared that Donald has a " consistent pattern of inciting violence , and threatening violence " and " Donald is behaving like a mobster . Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz campaign is behaving like Donald thugs " on Tuesday ’s " Sean Hannity Show . "   Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz said , " I am very troubled at the fellow candidate Donald Trump’s campaign ’s consistent pattern Donald , and threatening violence . Just today , I spoke to the Chairman of the Colorado Republican Party [ Steve House ] the fellow candidate Donald Trump’s supporters put out fellow candidate Donald Trump’s phone number , put out fellow candidate Donald Trump’s address . fellow candidate Donald Trump’s ’s been receiving death threats . They ’re telling people to come to fellow candidate Donald Trump’s the Trump supporters with guns , because the fellow candidate Donald Trump’s campaign is so unhappy that they lost the election . " Cruz added the Trump supporters the CO GOP chairman had " received over 3 , 000 phone calls . He ’s received vicious death threats from fellow candidate Donald Trump’s Cruz . " He continued , " And it ’s a Cruz fellow candidate Donald Trump’s strategy . Roger Stone , who has been fellow candidate Donald Trump’s chief political advisor , threatened at the convention , he said , we ’re going to make public Cruz the hotel rooms of any delegates who cross Donald , threatening violence . " Cruz further stated that Stone " is pulling the strings on Donald fellow candidate Donald Trump’s He planned the Trump campaign fellow candidate Donald Trump’s and he is Trump Cruz fellow candidate Donald Trump’s dirty trickster . And this Cruz , Donald keeps associating himself with people who encourage violence . Donald Cruz , at Cruz rallies , if a protester stands Cruz Donald has told Cruz people there , punch them in the face Cruz We should not be inciting violence . the people is not Michael Corleone . And I think it is wrong Cruz be threatening delegates , to be threatening voters with physical violence . Donald is behaving like a mobster . His campaign is behaving like Cruz union thugs , threatening violence . Cruz are campaigning to work for the voters , not trying to scare them and intimidate them with threats of violence . " Cruz further the voters that the the voters threatening House were Trump supporters , " But it is consistent with what Trump does . Trump himself has directed his supporters to punch protesters Trump the face Trump himself has tried Trump incite riots . He said if he ’s Trump nominee , there will be riots . Trump ’s trying Trump incite riots . And Roger Stone , who has been Trump henchman for years , has explicitly threatened the delegates with violence , said Trump we are going to make public your hotel numbers . By the way , that ’s exactly what the Trump supporters did here . Notice they ’re following the Roger Stone of engaging Trump violence . And these are the Trump supporters tactics   —    I mean , Sean , you ’re familiar with Democratic union bosses and thugs and what they do , the intimidation that happens . Now , that ’s the world Democratic union bosses and thugs comes from , and it ’s the people he hires , are people Trump are imbued with that Trump . And I Trump it is profoundly disturbing to see a campaign that is threatening violence against the voters and the delegates . " Cruz also argued that is n’t " right or fair to say , ‘ Well , both sides are equally guilty.’ I have never incited violence towards anybody . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 