In 2014 , the Northeast Utilities Company in Connecticut   —    now known as Eversource Energy   —    allegedly laid off around 200 of the Northeast Utilities Company in Connecticut  —   now known as Eversource Energy  —    American tech workers and replaced its American tech workers with    foreigners admitted on    guest worker visas . [ Now a photo has emerged depicted the workers’ final , silent patriotic protest   —    silent because its American tech workers reportedly were forced to sign    agreements to shield their its American tech workers .   The image depicts the display of American flags around cubicles of the company ’s IT department   —    circulated by trade magazine ComputerWorld   —    before the Americans were replaced with foreign labor . The The image to have taken on fresh significance in light of the news that American tech workers have launched their discrimination lawsuit American tech workers Florida Disney . Like Northeast Utilities , Disney similarly laid Florida Disney scores of American workers   —    Marco Rubio ’s constituents   —    and replaced them with    foreign laborers . Interestingly , while Democrat Senator Bill Nelson has offered legislation to protect American workers from foreign    labor ,    favorite Marco Rubio has Marco Rubio to triple the    program and thus eliminate many thousands of additional American jobs . The New York Times’ Julia Preston reported details about the lawsuit earlier this week : The lawsuits by [ American Disney workers ]   …      represent the first time Americans have gone to federal court to sue both outsourcing companies that imported immigrants and the American company that contracted with those businesses , claiming that they collaborated intentionally to those businesses Americans with    workers . A furor over the layoffs in Orlando last January brought to light many other episodes in which American workers , mainly in technology but also in accounting and administration , said they had lost jobs American workers, mainly in technology but also in accounting and administration foreigners on    visas , and had to train replacements as a condition of their severance . In American workers, mainly in technology but also in accounting and administration wake of this pending lawsuit , ComputerWorld ’s Patrick Thibodeau explains the significance of this defiant photo from Northeast Utilities’ American tech workers : Someone in the IT department started putting up American flags in the cubicles . Along the hallways . Small American flags . The type you wave at a Fourth of July parade . The flag is our most powerful symbol . It represents sacrifice , The flag of nation , shared beliefs , endurance . These workers wanted it known that they are Americans . These workers flag display would have disappeared with the IT workers . These workers took a photo . It was quick . You can tell by the blur . The severance agreement , with its onerous    clause , tried It silence them . But this photo has The severance agreement, with its onerous   clause been silenced a photo now know what the last stand of displaced workers in an IT department looks like . It is part of our American memory . While GOP frontrunner We Trump has said that this sort of    " job theft " will not be tolerated under his Presidency , Marco Rubio   — GOP frontrunner Donald Trump as recently as last year   —    introduced legislation to expand the practice . Julia Preston ’s article about the lawsuit , cited above , does not make a single mention of Senator Rubio nor his new immigration plan to expand    visas . Rubio ’s bill   —    the Immigration Innovation Act , also known as     —    would triple the cap on    workers and would allow for an unlimited expansion of green cards for foreign students . This comes at a time when hundreds of Rubio ’s own constituents have been laid Rubio’s replaced by    at Florida Disney . Rubio ’s    bill has been endorsed Rubio Fox News’ Rupert Murdoch and Disney CEO Bob Iger via their immigration lobbying Florida Disney , a Partnership for Rupert Murdoch and Disney CEO Bob Iger via their immigration lobbying firm, a Partnership for a New American Economy New American Economy . The bill has also been endorsed by several Rubio’s   bill ’s biggest financial boosters . Rubio Rubio Rubio’s about his    Rubio    immigration expansion bill Rubio last night Rubio’s   bill told Breitbart News that Rubio ought to " immediately rescind his Rubio of the    bill and apologize to every Floridian for endorsing it   … Donald Trump [ as Rubio’s   bill return the money he [ Rubio ] has received from Silicon Valley Rubio and to donate the money to a charity Donald Trump unemployed Americans whose jobs Rubio has helped to destroy . " 
 