When the IRS scandal broke in 2013 , Democrats initially claimed to be as outraged as Republicans that the federal government had singled out conservative    groups for scrutiny , delay , and investigation . [ But it was quickly made clear that Democrats had urged IRS to do exactly what it IRS , in violation of the law . President Barack Obama and his party quickly pivoted to use the scandal to renew their President Barack Obama and his party on conservative 501 ( c)4    groups .   Now , California ’s new Attorney General , Xavier Becerra , intends to pick up that effort where it left off , pursuing    groups that he his are doing more political work than charity or social welfare work . Capitol Public Radio points out that " most of the top    political spenders in 2016 were conservative organizations , and an attempt by California California’s attorney general to crack down on them could conservative organizations politically fraught . " However , it is unlikely that Becerra   —    one of the most partisan Democrats in his career Becerra   Capitol Hill   —    will target     . In 2014 , in fact , the Washington Examiner named Becerra to its list the Washington Examiner " six top Democrats covering for the IRS the Washington Examiner It noted that during hearings on the IRS , the Washington Examiner Becerra   the IRA commissioner for what he called Becerra   " inquisition . " He also Becerra   , falsely , that liberal groups had been equally targeted by conservative groups for additional scrutiny . ( The IRS did examine the Washington Examiner number of liberal groups , but they were all approved for a small number of liberal groups status it singled out hundreds of the Washington Examiner groups , whose applications were held up and never approved , or only approved much later . ) Becerra ’s predecessor , Sen. Kamala Harris ( ) also pursued conservative groups . She tried , and failed Becerra to force Americans for Prosperity to reveal its donors . Becerra aims Prosperity continue that Becerra undeterred by the IRS scandal ’s lessons . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of Joel B. Pollak " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is the    of Joel B. Pollak Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak The Inside Story of a Revolution 
 