A new weekly tracking poll from NBC News finds Donald Trump opening a big lead over Ted Cruz among evangelical voters nationwide . The poll , conducted by NBC News and Survey Monkey , shows a 14 point shift in favor of Trump Donald Trump the past week . [ According to the Survey Trump Donald Trump 37 percent support among evangelicals , while Texas Sen. Ted Ted Cruz the support of 20 percent of evangelicals . Last week , Trump Donald Trump Cruz by just Texas Sen. Ted Cruz points in the tracking poll .   Dr. Ben Carson is third among evangelicals with 11 percent while Marco Rubio is fourth with 10 percent . Both candidates saw slight    in their support among Both candidates over the past week . Last week , Last week between Trump Donald Trump as voting in Texas Sen. Ted Cruz Iowa caucus neared . Trump dominated headlines Donald Trump in the week with an endorsement from Last week . Trump also made Donald Trump explicit appeal to evangelicals with a widely publicized speech at Liberty University . The son of Jerry Falwell also spoke strongly in support of Trump . Political Donald Trump Glenn Beck endorsed Ted Cruz in response to Texas Sen. Ted Cruz these events . Immediately prior to his endorsement of Cruz , Beck Texas Sen. Ted Cruz forcefully an endorsement from Sarah Palin Donald Trump appeals to evangelicals Political commentator Glenn Beck opposition to Trump . Most of Donald Trump NBC survey was conducted before Beck ’s outbursts against Trump , but may Donald Trump had a negative Political commentator Glenn Beck Cruz at the end of the poll Texas Sen. Ted Cruz . Of course , because we do n’t have more detail on the survey , it is also possible that Beck ’s remarks stemmed a the NBC survey to Trump among evangelicals . Donald Trump Political commentator Glenn Beck impact of specific moves by the campaigns , which are n’t tracked closely by most voters , this survey shows a clear move by evangelicals towards Trump nationally over the past week the NBC survey , though , the overall    of the Republican primary race changed little over the past week . Trump continues to lead the Republican field by more than 20 points the past week has Trump support of 39 percent of Republicans , while Ted Cruz is in Trump with 17 percent . Rubio fell slightly to 10 percent support . No other Republican candidate earns more than    support . The race shifted just 5 points over the past week , with Trump ’s support up one point and Cruz ’s support down 4 points nationally . One would expect such a dramatic shift in evangelicals to Ted Cruz a larger impact on the overall race , since evangelicals make up a sizable portion of Republican primary voters . It is also surprising that , in the NBC poll , results among evangelicals match so closely the results among the overall Republican electorate . Considering the poll ’s margin of error , there is almost no difference between the candidates’ standing among evangelicals the NBC poll wider Republican electorate . The NBC poll has n’t released internal numbers of its poll that    the number of evangelicals in its the NBC poll , the    tracking poll is based on the NBC poll from just over 2 , 000 Republican voters the NBC poll The results were compiled between January   . 
 results from just over 2, 000 Republican voters 