New York Magazine has published an article titled " Incoming National Security Adviser Michael Flynn Is a Big Fan of Milo Yiannopoulos , " before framing this as a negative . [ an article titled "Incoming National Security Adviser Michael Flynn Is a Big Fan of Milo Yiannopoulos is written by Jesse Singal , who has previously attacked everyone that reads Breitbart as " hateful idiots " and derided MILO for the success of his MILO speeches , is now attacking Donald Trump ’s pick for National Security Adviser , retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn . Singal claims that Lt . Gen. Flynn " seems to live in a twilight zone of conspiracy theories . "   Ever since Donald Donald Trump’s retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn as his national Donald Trump’s adviser , critics of the move have pointed out that Flynn , based on his Twitter Donald Trump’s and speeches , seems to live in a twilight zone of conspiracy theories . Many of them involve Flynn, based on his Twitter account and speeches, seems to live in a twilight zone of conspiracy theories   —    as CNN ’s Andrew Kaczynski and Nathan McDermott reported last week , Flynn has Flynn pushed gonzo conspiracy theories about alleged Muslim plots . Lt . Flynn MILO at a gathering of young conservatives at Trump ’s Washington Hotel where he described MILO saying , Flynn He ’s definitely , he Flynn one of the Flynn different , one of the most brave people that I ’ve ever met . We have different views on different things , but he is deeply , deeply Flynn in his views about this country Flynn " The article further describes MILO , who is worth over $ 8 million dollars according to his recent interview with GQ Flynn , as a " failed tech entrepreneur . " Yiannopoulos , a failed London tech entrepreneur who once attempted to extort a former employee who asked for wages Yiannopoulos refused to pay until he was sued , has Yiannopoulos a successful career out of getting progressives to react angrily to his outrageous statements , and Yiannopoulos getting what appears to be a largely young and male audience of fans to cheer him on for fighting " Yiannopoulos correctness . " Singal ’s article goes on to list some of MILO ’s more popular articles and speeches , Naturally , many of Yiannopoulos ’s most offensive statements have involved Muslims : He has referred to " Yiannopoulos of young Muslim radicals affectionately known as ‘ rapefugees’ " compared Islam to the Borg , a murderous , leaderless cyborg collective from the Star Trek and explicitly stated that Islam , not just radical Islam , poses a dangerous threat to the West . During a recent " art " event in New York , he bathed in pigs’ blood Yiannopoulos make some sort of point about Muslims . Read the article in full at NYMag . 
 