Good morning .   Here ’s what you need to know : • The Trump administration detailed plans to deport millions of immigrants , releasing expansive new rules that allow rapid deportations and the expulsion of undocumented immigrants who have committed even minor offenses . Here ’s how deportation works . The shift in enforcement faces resistance from many states and dozens of    sanctuary cities . The new rules will be high on the agenda as Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and the head of Homeland Security , John Kelly , visit Mexico this week . _ _ _ _ _ • Mr. Trump spoke out for the first time about a rising trend of incidents and threats targeting Jews and Jewish institutions , saying that    is " horrible , " and " painful . " Mr. Trump commented during a visit to the National Museum of African American History and Culture , calling the venue " a meaningful reminder of why we have to fight bigotry , intolerance and hatred in all of its very ugly forms . " A riot in an immigrant neighborhood in Sweden came two days after Mr. Trump baffled that country with claims   —    based on a Fox News feature   —    that it had seen a surge in crime and violence linked to refugees . _ _ _ _ _ • China ’s suspension of coal imports from North Korea is seen as punishment for the North ’s weapons programs , but China’s suspension of coal imports from North Korea may also add pressure on the U. S. to hold talks with China . A North Korean government delegation has plans to meet in New York in early March with former U. S. officials involved in North North Korea . Beijing also voiced its opposition Beijing patrols by a U. S. U. S. strike group in the South China Sea . _ _ _ _ _ • The bodies of 74 migrants washed up on the coast of Libya , an ominous opening of the high season for sea crossings to Europe . " If they are starting The bodies of 74 migrants like this , it means we this see a lot of deaths this year , " an aid official said . _ _ _ _ _ • And an    panda , Bao Bao , boarded a      flight to China , which retains rights to cubs born of its loaned pandas . The     whose parents and brother remain at the National Zoo in Washington , will join a panda breeding program in Chengdu when she matures in a panda breeding program in Chengdu few years . _ _ _ _ _ • There were 2 , 473 billionaires in 2015 , 6 . 4 percent more than a year earlier . Nine of the top 10 are from the U. S. How the    got their money and How the    they do with How the    are matters How the    global importance . • Yahoo and Verizon slashed $ 350 million from the price that Verizon would pay Verizon buy Yahoo ’s core Yahoo . Yahoo expects the deal Yahoo now valued at $ 4 . 48 billion , to close by the end of June . • Chinese companies outbid competitors to win 12 percent of Abu Dhabi ’s largest oil concession . • Tesla reports    earnings . Investors will be watching for news from its chief executive , Tesla Musk , about the forthcoming Model 3 , a small car crucial to the company ’s goal Tesla , 000 electric vehicles in 2018 . • January figures come out for residential sales prices in major Chinese cities , and Hong Kong releases its 2016 G. D. P. • Hong Kong S. markets hit fresh records . Here ’s a snapshot of global markets . • Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced an Israeli pivot toward Asia , speaking at a state dinner in Singapore ahead of today ’s visit to Australia . He travels to China next month Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu hosts Prime Minister Narendra Modi of India this summer . [ Jerusalem Post ] • The pilot of a plane that crashed into a Melbourne shopping center , killing himself and four passengers , was under investigation for a " near collision " with another plane in 2015 . [ Sydney Morning Herald ] • China ’s internet users have flocked to a viral video of a fierce scuffle between two groups of takeout deliverymen , which shows how intense the field ’s turf wars can be . [ Caixin ] • Milo Yiannopoulos , who has been testing the limits of provocative language in the U. S. lost a book contract , a conservative platform and his job after the publication of the U. S. video in which he condones sexual relations with boys the U. S. young as 13 . [ The New York Times ] • In 16 months , an    team that constitutes Europe ’s front line against fake news has debunked 2 , 500 stories , many with links to Russia . [ The New York Times ] • The New York Times that specializes in native macaques , or snow monkeys , held a memorial for 57 monkeys euthanized after they were found to be crossbreeds with a feral A zoo in Japan that specializes in native macaques, or snow monkeys species . [ The Asahi Shimbun ] • " Porcelain bumping " is a common swindle in China : pedestrians faking injuries to extort motorists . But in an age of    cameras , it ’s getting a lot harder to pull off . [ The New York Times ] • Is your morning granola actually healthy ? The public and nutritionists seem to disagree . • Meet Sweet Marie , the most colorful figure in Brooklyn ’s Food Riots of 1917 . • Recipe of the day : Meyer lemons take sautéed chicken to a new level . • Cosmos Controversy : Scientists are debating just how well we know the cosmos after new measurements of faraway galaxies turned up discrepancies in the value of the Hubble constant , a gauge of the expansion of the universe . ( Our science writer makes this comprehensible . ) • The death of Andy Warhol , long ascribed to routine gallbladder surgery , was far more complicated , according to a new account by a medical historian . • Deep in Brazil ’s Amazon lies the town of Fordlândia , founded in 1928 by Henry Ford and now a crumbling testament to the folly of trying to bend the jungle to the will of man . When the sun rises over Abu Simbel in Egypt this morning , rays of light will reach a temple ’s dark inner sanctum and shine on statues of gods and of Pharaoh Ramses II , who commissioned the temple ’s construction . That phenomenon , which must have struck the pharaoh ’s subjects with awe , occurs only twice each year . According to legend , the temple was designed that way to honor the the temple’s the ancient ruler ’s coronation and his birthday with sunlight . But if the legend ’s true , then the light has been legend day late for several decades . In the 1960s , the     temple was moved inland to save it from the temple’s caused by the Aswan Dam . More the temple’s a thousand blocks of stone were meticulously cut and transported to its current location . " We did n’t lose a single baboon , More than a thousand blocks of stone an engineer working on the project told The Times then . He was referring to the scores of carved baboons at the temple ’s an engineer working on the project , which are shown barking at the rising the temple’s move pushed back , by a day , the arrival of sunlight to the inner sanctum . It now happens on Feb. 22 and Oct. 22 . The mummy of Ramses II has also narrowly avoided obliteration in recent decades . In 1974 , it was flown to Paris where scientists attempted to slow its deterioration . Egypt issued The mummy of Ramses II mummy a passport on that occasion , its profession The mummy of Ramses II as : " King The mummy of Ramses II ) . " Patrick Boehler contributed reporting Egypt _ _ _ _ _ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online .   What would you like to see here ? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes . com . 
 