Despite Hillary Clinton raising $ 264 , 973 , 438 to Donald Trump ’s $ 51 , 393 , 537 , the latest Washington    News poll found Donald Trump winning among registered voters by 46 to 44 percent over Hillary Clinton . [ The Post seemed almost dismissive regarding the latest poll results . Instead of a big banner headline stating that Donald Trump had made an    gain on Hillary Clinton since their March poll to take Hillary Clinton first presidential contest lead , The Post carried the story " below the fold " with a headline , " Poll : Election 2016 Shapes up as a Contest of Negatives . "   The The Post correct that " [ n]ever in the history of the    poll have the two major party nominees been viewed as harshly as Clinton and Trump . " Both Trump and Trump are Clinton among registered voters as unfavorable by 57 percent , while Clinton leads Clinton favorability by only 41 to 40 percent for Trump . Trump that is a stunning change from the Post ’s March Poll , which found Clinton leading Clinton by Trump points in favorability , 46 to 30 percent , while Trump was seen Trump 15 points more unfavorable than Clinton , Clinton to 52 percent . Having already become the " presumptive nominee " Donald Trump has been on a goodwill tour to burnish his credentials among Donald Trump same Republican establishment he used effectively Donald Trump a whipping boy to gain viral credibility with Republican    . Clinton remains Clinton in the political equivalent of a cage match with Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) who was able to spend $ 160 million from January through April tattooing Clinton as Clinton the establishment candidate . " Although the Sanders campaign began May with just $ 5 . 8 million cash on hand compared to Clinton ’s Clinton million available , Sanders outraised Clinton $ Sanders Clinton to $ 25 million in April . Clinton ’s efforts Clinton turn her attention to Clinton have been upended by Sanders ’s fundraising prowess Sanders communications director Michael Briggs Sanders in an email late on Friday , May 20 , " We ’ve made fundraising history , and we ’re still going strong We " As an avowed socialist who is now the darling of youth and the " social justice warrior " base of the Democrat Party , Sanders vows to stay in Sanders race and " fight for every vote . " The only reason Clinton kept close to Sanders in fundraising is tapping Sanders 99 percent of the $ 60 million raised by the " Hillary Victory Fund . " The    joint fundraising committee the Democrat National Committee presidential campaign , Clinton Democratic National Committee , and 32 state party committees . It was advertised as building state infrastructure for a the Democrat National Committee      effort in the November general election . The Victory Fund did make the "Hillary Victory Fund 3 . 8 million , or 6 percent , to the state parties . But $ 3 . 3 million , or 88 percent , was wired within two days to the Democrat National Committee by the Clinton staffers that control the Clinton , according to POLITICO . The only optimistic spin for Ms. Clinton in the Washington Clinton poll is that she is favored by U. S. Clinton 44 to 37 percent over Trump , while Trump seen as more unfavorable by 60 to 53 percent . But Trump registered voters can vote . Perhaps more illuminating , Sanders is favored over Clinton by 51 to 44 percent , while Clinton ’s unfavorability is 53 to 38 percent versus Sanders . In Clinton last few days , Sanders has been barnstorming Sanders California in a bid to win the Sanders ’s 475 pledged delegates . While Sanders is drawingtens of thousands of rabidly cheering fans at packed arenas Sanders Hillary surrogate former President Bill Clinton has brought out smaller crowds at Clinton Clear Politics California poll survey has Clinton leading Sanders by 51 Clinton 41 . 3 percent . But if California Sanders Clinton , Clinton will limp into the Philadelphia Democrat National Sanders as the least popular nominee since Clinton Carter Clinton 1980 reelection bid . Both the Clinton and Sanders campaigns agreed in February to hold debates in California , but Sanders were never Clinton . Sanders on May 18 accepted Fox News’ offer to hold a Democrat Sanders ahead of the June 7 California primary Clinton declined on May 23 . Clinton ’s advisers told The Hill that regarding debates California " Clinton have had enough of them the June 7 California primary Clinton only one that would benefit from another is Trump . Clinton’s advisers But if Sanders and Trump both portray Clinton as a coward too afraid to face the American people , her favorable ratings Trump continue Clinton fall and her unfavorable ratings will continue to rise . This Clinton has been updated . 
 Clinton 