In response to the leaked emails of Podesta has issued a stern statement decrying efforts to interfere in the Church ’s    for "   political gain . " [ The statement from Louisville Archbishop Joseph E. Kurtz , President of the USCCB , came after an uproar over revelations that Podesta had set up two " the U. S. Bishops Conference (USCCB) dummy organizations to exert influence over Church teaching in the wake of the Obama administration ’s HHS mandate and to bring about a the Church Catholic spring . "   In leaked emails , Sandy Newman , founder of the    group , Voices for Progress , asked Podesta for advice on how best to " plant the seeds of the revolution " within the Catholic Church . In response , Podesta boasted that he had already founded two organizations for this purpose : " Catholics in Alliance Podesta the Common Podesta " and " Catholics United , " a group accused in 2012 of seeking " to silence the Church from speaking to the great moral issues of our age . " Kurtz suggested that the Catholic Church actions constituted a breach of religious freedom , " one of the founding principles of Podesta republic , " which ensures the right of faith communities to " preserve the integrity of their beliefs and proper   . " If reports are true that " some may have sought to faith communities in the internal life of the Church for    political gain , " Kurtz said , " this is troubling both for the    of faith communities and the good of our country . " In his statement , the Archbishop said that Catholics " expect public officials to respect the rights of people to live their faith without interference from the state . When faith communities lose this right , the very idea the rights of people what it means to be an American is lost . " On Wednesday , Catholic League president Bill Donahue said that while billionaire George Soros is the single most influential donor to    organizations , John Podesta has been Soros’ " point man " in this endeavor . Together , " they have sought to manipulate public opinion against the Catholic Church , " he said . Donahue demanded billionaire George Soros is the single most influential donor to   organizations, John Podesta has been Soros’ "point man" in this endeavor Hillary Clinton fire John Podesta for his attempts to subvert the Catholic Catholic League president Bill Donahue for political Catholic League president Bill Donahue , in response to which John Podesta Campaign Catholic League president Bill Donahue dug in its heels the Catholic Church the indignation over Podesta ’s actions is a " faux controversy Hillary Clinton " Clinton spokesman Glen the Clinton Campaign has attempted to deflect the John Podesta Podesta , turning instead on Wikileaks . " By dribbling these Hillary Clinton every day Wikileaks is proving they are nothing John Podesta a propaganda arm of the Kremlin with a political agenda doing Putin ’s dirty work Wikileaks help elect these Trump , " he wrote in an email . Meanwhile a group called Catholic Association has demanded a response from Catholic    candidate Tim Kaine Putin the allegedly    stance of his ticket . The group ’s president , Ashley McGuire , noted that Tim Kaine has made his Catholic faith an integral part of this a group called Catholic Association " What does he have to say now that Catholic   candidate Tim Kaine has been pulled Catholic   candidate Tim Kaine and the blatant    of his ticket revealed ? " he asked Catholic   candidate Tim Kaine " Catholics deserve a response to the mockery of their faith seen in the leaked emails his ticket    ticket from Catholic   candidate Tim Kaine candidate who has used his Catholicism when convenient to push a radical Catholics , " said McGuire . Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome 
 Catholic   candidate Tim Kaine 