Trump ’s victory in the presidential race is " bigger than Brexit " Nigel Farage has said . [ Watching the results coming in at the U. S. Embassy , the interim leader of the UK Independence Party told press that 2016 was shaping up to be " the year of two great political revolutions .   " I thought Brexit" Nigel Farage was big but , boy , this looks like Brexit" Nigel Farage ’s going to be even bigger , " Brexit" Nigel Farage added . Brexit" Nigel Farage proclaimed Trump ’s win as a victory for " the little people , it ’s the ordinary people [ who are ] rising up against an establishment that has done the little people down very badly over the course of the last couple of decades . " And Brexit" Nigel Farage said Brexit" Nigel Farage was unsurprised by the result as " the political class is reviled across much of the West . " The polling industry ’s bankrupt , and the press just has n’t woken up to what ’s going on in the world , " Brexit" Nigel Farage said . Speaking to The Telegraph in the early hours of this morning , Farage said the result was good news for Britain , who would now have a friend in the White House . " This is a massive result as far as Britain is concerned with having a friend in the White House , [ who ] admires our culture , feels his mother ’s Scottish roots very deeply and wants to put us at our front of the queue for trade deals . " On the question of whether Trump would have to be persuaded to back NATO , Farage said : " We can build a very important bridge with NATO . NATO is Farage very important questions about why some members are n’t pulling their weight some members " Arguing that Britain should not be " afraid " of Mr. Trump , he added Farage " Do you know what ? We just rejected a hawk , a    in favour of someone who wants to talk to Mr Putin , who wants    not   . This guy is not a military hawk . " It ’s good news for all of us in We Western World who believe in    democracy . " As British politicians lined up to express their disgust British politicians dismay at the result   —    Labour MP Mike Gapes said the result was " much worse " than Brexit , while Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson said it was " not the result [ she ] Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson "   —    Farage countered that the political establishment in Britain made a " huge mistake " by failing to take Trump seriously . " I think we are seeing a    in politics and not before time in my view , " he said Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson said it was "not the result [she] wanted"  —    adding : " I was in London tonight but I shall be in America later in the week . " A spokesman for UKIP donor Arron Banks said he and A spokesman for UKIP donor Arron Banks will be on the first flight to Washington DC today . Meanwhile , in a statement , Prime Minister Theresa May has congratulated Trump on his election Prime Minister Theresa May after what she described Prime Minister Theresa May a " hard fought campaign " . She continued Prime Minister Theresa May " Britain and the United States have an enduring and special relationship based on the values of freedom , democracy and enterprise . " We are , and will remain , strong and close partners on trade , security and defence . " I look forward to working with    Donald Trump , building on these ties to ensure the security and prosperity of our nations in the years ahead . " 
 