Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus wants Republicans to unite around the eventual nominee , disregarding the sentiment expressed by the coalition of conservatives who have vowed to never support Donald Trump . [ " It is essential to victory in November that Republicans support our Republicans , " Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said during Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus address to the RNC ’s Spring Meeting in Florida this morning . " Politics is a team sport and we ca n’t win unless we rally around whoever becomes our we . "   While Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus did n’t mention Trump by name , Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus referred to candidates who " are going to say some things to attract attention , " and urged Republicans to get behind the our nominee Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus cited scripture to emphasize Scripture calls for unity . " Scripture warns us about how the ‘ root of bitterness’ can easily damage unity in the church , " Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said . " But the Psalms also describe how " good and pleasant it is when the Psalms ’s people dwell in unity . " Priebus also alluded to Cruz ’s common argument in favor of a contested convention , citing Abraham Lincoln as an example . " The balloting process is nothing new to our party . It ’s the The balloting process we have done our party since the 1800s , " he said . Priebus It took Abraham Lincoln three Abraham Lincoln get a majority in 1860 . " He also warned Priebus the nomination would not be won by a candidate with a simple majority , alluding to Trump ’s rhetoric about how the candidate leading in delegates should get the nomination . " the nomination n’t going to hand the nomination to anyone with the nomination matter how close they are to 1 , 237 , " a plurality said . Priebus You need a majority . Almost only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades . " 
 