A series of leaked images reveal how groups of illegal immigrants continue to flow over the Texas border in unprecedented numbers . The lack of physical barrier and real border security allows human smugglers and The lack of physical barrier and real border security cargo to simply wade across the shallow waters of the Rio Grande . [ Breitbart Texas exclusively obtained leaked law enforcement images of a crossing attempt by human smugglers in an area between Del Rio and Laredo , Texas . According to various sources on both sides of the border , the area where the crossing took place is under the control of the Los Zetas cartel .   The black and white images were taken using night vision equipment in order to record the smuggling operations . The black and white images reveal that human smugglers appear to operate with little concern due to the lack of presence by U. S. law enforcement .   The human smugglers be seen driving in SUVs to the Mexican side of the river before disembarking . The illegal immigrants then hoist their belongings over The illegal immigrants heads and The illegal immigrants to wade through the water onto the U. S. side of the border where more human smugglers await .   Border Patrol Agent Shawn Moran , speaking to Breitbart Texas in his role as Breitbart Texas Border Patrol Council Vice President , cautioned that many would assume the fact that technology identified these unknown aliens crossing does not mean they were apprehended technology identified these unknown aliens crossing Agent Moran stated Border Patrol Agent Shawn Moran Border Patrol Agent Shawn Moran have a manpower shortage and have seen instances where were could only respond to 40 percent of the crossings we knew were occurring . The technology is great at letting us know a crossing is occurring , but what good is it if we do The technology have us agents to respond . " A recent report from Breitbart Texas showed illegal immigrants crossing the border from Mexico and entering the U. S. inside the city limits of Laredo , Texas . In that Breitbart Texas , the foreigners were able to overcome U. S. border security with nothing more than a breaststroke and a cheap inner tube .   As Breitbart Texas recently reported Breitbart Texas numbers of illegal immigrant families and unaccompanied minors crossing the border from Mexico are the border from Mexico federal Fiscal Mexico 2016 . The apprehension of families has increased by 95 percent over FY 2015 numbers to 77 , 674 according to a report from U. S. Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) . The number of Unaccompanied Alien Children ( UAC ) crossing the border hit a near record total of the border from Mexico 692 . According to a previous Breitbart Texas report , the numbers of illegal immigrants have been dramatically increasing in the three months leading up to the election . Ildefonso Ortiz is an award winning journalist with Breitbart Texas . He    the Cartel Chronicles project Texas can follow Ildefonso Ortiz on Twitter and on Facebook . Brandon Darby is Ildefonso Ortiz director and     of Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter and Facebook . Texas Texas News sponsors Ildefonso Ortiz National Border Patrol Facebook ’s radio program Breitbart The Green Line . The author of this article received an award from the Laredo chapter of the National Border Patrol Council for his " being a voice and staunch advocate for Border patrol The author of this article . " Breitbart News previously covered the costs of a slain Border Patrol Breitbart News funeral . The National Border Patrol Council endorsed Donald Trump for President after the the National Border Patrol Council Border Patrol agents a voice in what is needed to properly secure the U. S.   border . 
 