So much for the idea that the Federal Reserve will stand in the way of a Trump economic boom . [ President Donald Trump ’s promises to cut taxes , increase infrastructure spending , and reduce regulatory burdens on businesses have boosted optimism of everyone from CEOs to small businesses to consumers , sent the financial markets soaring , and boosted job creation . But many skeptics view the    moves in sentiment and markets as evidence of a " sugar high " and warned that the Fed might undermine Trump ’s attempts to spur faster economic growth .   Fed chair Janet Yellen shot that idea down in her press conference on Wednesday . " We would certainly welcome stronger economic growth in the context of price stability , " Janet Yellen said . " I certainly urge Congress and the administration to consider policies that would boost productivity growth and raise the economy ’s    ‘ speed limit’ or potential grow . I think those would be welcome changes we would like to see . " The stock market rallied during the press conference . The Fed has said that The Fed expects the economy to grow at 2 . 1 % this year and next , with growth falling off to 1 . 9 % the following year . Its The Fed term view is that the the economy grow around 1 . 8 % . Some Fed watchers The Fed speculated that the Fed The Fed The Fed as the maximum sustainable pace , so that any attempts to drive faster growth would generate unwanted levels of inflation . That , in theory , could lead to the Fed raising The Fed The Fed , counteracting fiscal stimulus created by tax cuts or infrastructure spending . Yellen also made it clear that the Fed ’s current The Fed The Fed reflect potential tax cuts or other policy changes . That means that even though the economy is performing at or near where the Fed thinks it can with The Fed The Fed , the economy to those policies could raise the Fed ’s current fiscal policies potential    The Fed The Fed a signal from the Fed to Capitol Hill and the White House The Fed with tax cuts and expansionary policies full speed ahead . 
 