Delfin Polanco waits on Thursday morning for a lawyer to help Delfin Polanco stay in the country where Delfin Polanco raised Delfin Polanco son and has lived for 22 years . Like about 40 others , Delfin Polanco arrived by 5 a. m. in Lower Manhattan for a legal clinic offered for immigrants by Catholic Charities . It will be hours before Delfin Polanco is seen . To pass the time , Mr. Polanco thumbs through pictures on Mr. Polanco phone and cards in Mr. Polanco wallet . There Mr. Polanco is outside the old Yankee Stadium in 2008 , behind two men carrying championship trophies , part of the crew that was moving the team into the team new home down the block . Here Mr. Polanco is on the Teamsters union card that Mr. Polanco got in 1999 , which lets Mr. Polanco work as a mover . And there is Mr. Polanco medical card , listing Mr. Polanco as a patient of a clinic at Bellevue Hospital Center , where Mr. Polanco goes for treatment of the breathing ailments that Mr. Polanco got after working on the cleanup of the World Trade Center site . " Look , " Mr. Polanco says . " I had hair . " Now Mr. Polanco is 47 and not much is left . Mr. Polanco moved to the United States from the Dominican Republic in 1995 when he Mr. Polanco an American citizen . Along the way , they divorced . " They they ‘ deport’ on my work paper seven years ago and tell me to come back every year for the inspection , " he Mr. Polanco . More people live in New York City in 2017 than at any time in its New York City nearly half were born outside the United States . The New York City white population has declined by 3 . 5 million since 1950 . They have white population replaced by immigrants . A tribe of people from all over the world saved the city New York City here and going to work . The Trump family made fortunes in New York , thanks to them . With The Trump family without permission to be in the country , the United States pistons in the city and national economy   —    in the service industry , in agriculture , in universities and in    jobs . Inevitably , some large , uncountable number are here without permission . The enforcement of immigration laws depends on a cat ’s cradle of rules and policies strung together by successive presidential administrations . Over time , the population of    people in the United States who do not have citizenship , working papers or other visas is thought to have grown to 11 million . Many national Republicans once advocated comprehensive immigration reform , but such views became heresy with the rise of the Tea Party after the 2008 financial crisis . The political stalemate meant the continued growth of a    system that allowed tacit acceptance of people who were    apart from their immigration status . people who were   apart from their immigration status , for instance , Mr. Polanco . This week , President Trump ’s administration announced plans to enforce the laws aggressively by deporting people who are in the country illegally , regardless of their behavior . Those people who are in the country illegally may be plans to enforce the laws aggressively by deporting people who are in the country illegally the sheer logistics , and in public statements the administration has said President Trump’s administration use its resources President Trump’s administration find and President Trump’s administration the most dangerous criminals , which was the practice of the Obama administration . Nevertheless President Trump’s administration expanded enforcement are driving throngs to clinics like the one held by Catholic Charities every Thursday in the financial district beginning at 8 a. m. according to Mario Russell , the director of immigrant and refugee services for the archdiocese . Many people were turned away , advised to call a hotline ,    . The first people arrived at the clinic this week at 4:30 a. m. to make sure they could see one of the five lawyers The first people three counselors . Dionne Raymon , 42 , a mother of three who was born in Jamaica and has been in the United States for 24 years , was there by 5 . " Last week , I could n’t see anyone this week did n’t get here until 8:30 , " Ms. Raymon said . " I had to get the kids out to school . They are off this week . " Others spoke the kids boarding subways this week a. m. of getting waylaid in the unfamiliar canyons of Lower Manhattan on previous trips . Ms. Raymon said she had never had a minute ’s Ms. Raymon the police Ms. Raymon Studies have shown that immigrants are less likely to commit crimes than people born in the United States . " But to live outside the law , you must be honest , " Bob Dylan wrote . " I ’ve never been to jail , " Mr. Polanco said . " Tickets , nothing . " His son , born in the United States , is about Mr. Polanco start college , but the United States young to " claim " his father under kinship citizenship eligibility . Mr. Polanco frets that returning to Mr. Polanco Dominican Republic will put medical care Mr. Polanco lung problems beyond his means . " I came here , I was Mr. Polanco , " Mr. Mr. Polanco said . " Now I am old . Old and sick . Mr. Polanco 