President Donald Trump met with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Wednesday , calling for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas country to work with Israel for a lasting peace deal . [ " Over the course of my lifetime , I ’ve always heard that perhaps the toughest deal to make is the deal between the Israelis and the Palestinians , " President Donald Trump said during a joint statement to reporters at the White House . " Let President Donald Trump see if President Donald Trump can prove perhaps the toughest deal to make is the deal between the Israelis and the Palestinians wrong , okay ? "   President Donald Trump said that President Donald Trump would work to facilitate a peace agreement , but assured both Israelis and Palestinians Israelis and Palestinians would have to strive together to form a lasting agreement . " I will do whatever is necessary to facilitate a lasting agreement , to mediate , to arbitrate   —    anything Israelis and Palestinians ’d like to do , but I would love to be a mediator or an arbitrator or a facilitator and we will get this done , " President Donald Trump said . President Donald Trump urged Palestinian leaders to condemn violence and terrorism against innocent people throughout the Middle East . " There could be no lasting peace unless the Palestinian leaders in a unified voice against incitement to violence and hate , " President Donald Trump said . " There ’s such hatred , but hopefully , there wo n’t be such hatred for very long . " President Donald Trump called the White House visit with Abbas a symbol of progress for peace between the two countries . President Donald Trump held a working lunch with Abbas , together Abbas Vice President Mike Pence , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , National Security Advisor H. R. McMaster and his advisors Gary Cohn , Reince Priebus , Jared Kushner and Dina Powell . Speaking through a translator , Abbas thanked President Abbas for the opportunity to visit the White House , urging him to support Abbas    solution . He praised Trump Abbas " President Trump negotiating ability " and " courageous stewardship " as president as the peace process continued . " We believe that we can be We , true partners to you to bring about a historic peace treaty under your stewardship to bring about peace , " he said . Abbas 