MEXICO CITY   —    With a panel of senators questioning him , the billionaire investor Wilbur L. Ross stayed on message : If confirmed as President Trump ’s commerce secretary , confirmed as President Trump’s commerce secretary would protect American workers and tear up bad trade deals that harmed American industry . And yet , for more than a decade , bad trade deals that harmed American industry helped Wilbur L. Ross amass a fortune across the globe   —    in countries like Mexico and China , among others . In fact , Mr. Wilbur L. Ross sometimes invested overseas in ways that Mr. Trump condemns . As the head of an auto parts company , Mr. Ross Wilbur L. Ross to Mexico , taking advantage of the Mexico American Free Trade Agreement , which he now says Wilbur L. Ross unfair and must be renegotiated . That company , along with a an auto parts company he founded , Wilbur L. Ross stated that Mexico was central to their growth Mexico To some of his former associates Wilbur L. Ross that history clangs against the persistent message of Mr. Trump , who has called Nafta " the single worst trade deal ever approved in this country " and has excoriated Mexico for sending jobs overseas . But a spokesman for Mr. Ross described his experience as an asset , not a Mr. Ross . " As a private businessman , Mr. Ross made pragmatic decisions based on the Mr. Ross the road at the time   and it is precisely his knowledge of how trade deals work that will Mr. Ross him to be successful in renegotiating bad deals like Mr. Ross , " said the spokesman , James Rockas . The Senate is scheduled to vote on Mr. Ross ’s confirmation on Monday . Mr. Ross Mr. Ross to trade is characteristic of many Mr. Ross barons focused on the bottom line , his former associates say . After taking over two bankrupt American textile Mr. Ross more than a decade ago , for instance , Mr. Ross paid a visit to an executive of J. C. Penney Mr. Ross The industry was in turmoil , and Mr. Ross needed advice . Fellow mill owners , largely concentrated in the Mr. Ross , were blaming free trade for destroying their livelihoods . Many felt that sending jobs overseas , even for survival , Fellow mill owners, largely concentrated in the American Southeast tantamount to treason . But for Mr. Ross , who made his name fixing bankrupt companies across a variety of American industries , hiring workers abroad made sense , former associates say . So Mr. Ross inquired about opening a mill with hundreds of workers   —    not in the United States , but in Vietnam . " He struck me as very practical about trade , " recounted Peter McGrath , Mr. Ross former head of product development for J. C. Penney , who offered Mr. Ross advice . " He was on a different part of the curve than a lot of his Mr. Ross . " Just over a year later , in 2006 , Mr. Mr. Ross announced plans to open an $ 80 million      cotton plant in Vietnam that would employ 1 , 500 workers . It was one of many business decisions Mr. Ross made over the years that seemed to depart from Mr. Trump ’s Mr. Ross    deals and the migration of jobs overseas . " I do n’t think he is a devious person , " Jock Nash , a retired lobbyist for Milliken   Company , a textile manufacturer , said of Mr. Ross . " Anybody that knows how to make money is opportunistic   — Mr. Ross they have to be to make money . " Having been tapped by Mr. Trump to lead the charge on America ’s worldwide trade relationships , Mr. Ross , 79 , has adapted once more . In his new role , if confirmed , he will be tasked with increasing American exports to Mr. Trump create jobs in America . First Mr. Trump foremost , he told members of Congress , he would focus on America . " We can not Mr. Trump trade that is inherently bad Mr. Trump American workers and for American businesses , " Mr. Ross said during his testimony . His measured comments have taken a back seat to Mr. Trump ’s more Mr. Ross broadsides against Mr. Ross auto industry for its investments in Mexico , often via Twitter . Mr. Ross has argued that investment in the auto industry hurts American economic growth , bolstering the Mexican Mr. Ross reducing investment in the United States Mexico But Mr. Ross has made extensive investments in the auto industry south of the American border . His Mr. Ross Mexico began in 2007 , a year after he began buying up the global assets Mr. Ross struggling American Mexico parts makers . He combined them into Mr. Ross Automotive Components , a supplier of auto interiors with factories around the world Mr. Ross including American auto parts makers Mexico and China . Sales in 2015 reached $ 5 . 9 billion . Nearly a decade ago Mexico when his company announced the purchase of a plant in Hermosillo , Mexico , adding $ 300 million in Mr. Ross and 1 , 700 employees to its payroll , Mr. Mexico said the deal " demonstrates our commitment to expansion in    countries . his company Eight years later , just before Mr. Trump began the company presidential campaign , the company inaugurated a brand new plant , its eighth operation in Mexico . Mr. Trump then , Mr. Ross ’s company had completed expansions at three the company plants in Mexico . The future there looked the company cited a forecast that Mexico would account for 25 percent of Mexico world ’s growth in auto production . the company acknowledged in the hearing that Mexico had moved " a couple of hundred " jobs to Mexico , saying an Mr. Ross’s demanded the shift . But he Mr. Ross’s transferring work to Mexico in the early days of Mexico business . When Mr. Ross acquired an auto parts factory in Mr. Ross’s , Pa. a Mexico ago , he took a hard Mr. Ross’s with the union Mr. Ross’s cuts in wages and benefits worth between a quarter and 30 percent of workers’ Mr. Ross’s , according to Doug Carey , who was the president of Local 1739 of    which represented many of the workers . When the union rejected the Mr. Carey Mexico , the union said . " Wilbur Ross   —    there ’s no way he cares about the worker , " said Stacey Foltz , who worked at the plant for 10 years . " He made billions of dollars taking jobs out of the country . " In other cases , even when a plant Mr. Carey open , Mr. Ross transferred production to Mexico . In 2007 , after the plant acquired 11 plants from Lear Mr. Carey that were represented by the United Automobile Workers , their bargaining committees flew to Detroit to meet him . Over lunch , they said Wilbur Ross  —    listened to his pitch for turning the company around , Wilbur Ross  —    cuts to their salaries and benefits . " All the U. A. W. plants gave concessions the United Automobile Workers " said Richie Franklin , the bargaining Wilbur Ross  —    for Local 2999 in the United Automobile Workers , Va. the United Automobile Workers It was Wilbur Ross  —    tough pill to swallow . " Though grateful to Mr. Ross the United Automobile Workers turning the company around , Mr. Franklin was frustrated to see jobs vanish . Two years after the workers agreed to the cuts , Mr. Ross ’s company moved the production of consoles for General Motors trucks to Mexico , leaving 110 people out of work the company They just did Richie Franklin and there was nothing we could do , " Mr. Franklin said . In the world of the company used a playbook developed over years . He scoured for companies in distress . Before long , he purchased two textile makers in North Carolina : Cone Mills and Burlington Mills . At the time , the industry was in upheaval . Textile and clothing manufacturers were bleeding Mr. Ross’s jobs . Cheaper wages in Asia brought a Mr. Ross’s of imports that helped wipe out nearly    of Mr. Ross’s industry , experts say . Finding a way forward for Mr. Ross ’s company , the International Textile Group , would require cheap labor Mr. Ross elsewhere . " I think he was one who recognized that Burlington would n’t survive without that kind of diversification of production , " said the industry , an economics professor at the University of North Carolina , Chapel Hill . " It is the Mexico juxtaposition you would see with Trump hiring foreign workers for his casinos while talking about building a wall . " " It is Mr. Trump compartmentalization of the businessman Mr. Trump mind , " he added . Mr. Ross began lobbying for another trade North Carolina one that would essentially incorporate Central America into a    zone Mr. Ross . According to people familiar with the negotiations , he became one of the biggest proponents of Nafta Central American Free Trade Agreement , or Cafta . He became a Mr. Ross the businessman’s sorts between textile makers like himself and retailers like Walmart and J. C. Penney , whose Mr. Ross was giving consumers low prices , not using American Mr. Ross . While Cafta has failed to prevent an onslaught of Chinese imported goods , Mexico remains a crucial element of the company Mr. Ross built .    of the International Textile Group ’s revenue is generated by two factories Mexico Mr. Ross and in its 2015 annual report , published when Mr. Ross was still in charge , the Cafta was clear where the future lay Mexico —    not Mr. Ross United States , but in Mexico and China . " I. T. G. the company focus includes realizing the benefits of its the United States including reaching full production at Mexico and China facilities China the International Textile Group’s , " the company said in its report . As for Mexico , the report stated that because the company was a " resident Mexico diversified the company in Mexico , " it " believes the company is generally advantageous the company " Mr. Ross sold Mexico International Textile Group in focus to the company equity firm Nafta For all the choices Mr. Ross made to Mexico abroad or lay people off domestically , most who knew him during that its report was not a heartless Wall Street tycoon . He kept jobs where he could in Mr. Ross United States , the company was a "resident, diversified textile product manufacturer in Mexico Mr. Ross Greensboro , N. C. where the company maintains Mr. Ross denim the International Textile Group’s , a former union leader in the the United States parts industries , said Mr. Ross was not    as many of his Wall Street contemporaries were . Over the years the company Raynor sat across the table from Mr. Ross on numerous occasions , whether negotiating contracts Mr. Ross textile workers or for auto parts workers . " It was a low bar to be Mr. Ross guy , but as a distressed investor , you Mr. Raynor now runs a consulting business . " By definition , if you represent workers , and this is a company in trouble , it ’s not like those transactions are fun . " " Wilbur was always very decent to work with , " he added . " You ca n’t say that about too many of these guys . " Perhaps most telling , he said , was the investment Mr. Ross made in the Amalgamated Bank , a nearly     institution founded by the nation ’s unions . In the depths of the financial crisis , Mr. Ross asked Mr. Ross for a bailout . Having worked with Mr. Ross for years , this asked whether the businessman would be Mr. Ross making an investment of $ 50 million , the largest the bank would Wilbur . Mr. Ross of due diligence , Mr. Ross deal went through , Mr. Raynor said , which he believes was a Wilbur to Mr. Ross ’s decency   —    not greed . He said Mr. Ross could have made more lucrative investments the deal opted instead to help the unions . " Mr. Ross to Mr. Raynor , but I ’m not under any illusions Mr. Ross ’m not in a hurry,’ " he said Mr. Ross had told him . 
 Mr. Ross Mr. Ross Mr. Raynor Mr. Raynor Mr. Raynor Mr. Raynor the nation’s unions ’m 