In today ’s world of a Donald Trump presidency in which any actions Donald Trump undertakes , regardless of its logical rational , becomes a topic of criticism by Donald Trump political opponents , we must look at two of Donald Trump decisions   —    independent of the tainted lenses through which critics choose to view them   —    made concerning Syria . [ The first , following chemical weapons usage by President Bashar Assad ’s regime against President Bashar Assad’s own people , involved Tomahawk missile strikes against the airfield from which the aircraft laden with those weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) operated .   Pundits like to claim that presidential candidate Trump declared in 2013 that we should not intervene in Syria and , therefore , presidential candidate Trump missile attack is hypocritical . Such pundits take an unrealistic view of a world arena in which a nation ’s actions one day may not warrant a U. S. offensive response but , the next day , very well may . his missile attack clearly fell into this category for several reasons : it was a his missile attack crime it involved complicity his missile attack the Russians and President Barack Obama , who both knew such weapons remained in Syria ’s inventory despite their assertions otherwise both it demonstrated , by the attack ’s his missile attack his own people , of what Assad is capable . Fortunately for his Middle East neighbors his Assad today is denied Assad nuclear option with which to threaten them . Pundits undoubtedly his Middle East neighbors forgotten that Iran and its nuclear and missile Iran RD puppet , North Korea , were collaborating on building a nuclear facility in Syria until 2007 , when Israeli aircraft put an end to that effort by destroying it . A dictator Israeli aircraft capable of employing WMDs against his own people would not hesitate to use them against others . his own people second decision we need examine is Trump ’s announcement U. S. ground troops would not be sent into Syria . This , too , is logical , based not only on the realities of what such forces would face on the ground today in Syria , but also Syria realities of a war we earlier lost in Vietnam . As one looks at the players involved in Syria today , it Syria apparent all is not black and white . While our main interests in Syria lie in stabilization Syria protecting its civilian population , Syria vast majority of whom are Sunni Muslim , we are hampered by our , of the minority Alawite Muslim sect , and his cronies in Tehran Assad who are Shiite Muslims . It was the large Sunni Syrian population that initially rose up against Assad due to his Assad reign , Assad the dictator to put down those protests . While the U. S. initially saw its interests achieved only the U. S. the removal of Assad from power , Assad officials later said they would accept his American officials if elected the dictator This chemical attack against his people has more the dictator underscored the need to dethrone him . Today , the dictator support " moderate " Muslim Sunni groups against Assad , which we Assad well find tomorrow are not so friendly . It must be kept in mind our interests are directly opposed by Iran ’s which , contrarily , lie in keeping Assad in power so as to continue with the expansion of the regional Shiite caliphate on which its mullahs remain focused Iran This caliphate , to the regional Shiite caliphate on which its mullahs remain focused has targeted    majority Lebanon , where Iran ’s terrorist proxy Iran , is active    Iraq , which only fought an    war ( ) with Tehran because its leader , Saddam Hussein , Tehran Sunni Libya , where various factions vie for full power Yemen , where a once obscure rebel group known as Houthis , who are Shiites , rebelled against the government . Obviously included in Iran ’s caliphate equation is Syria . ( Iran will eventually look to bring Iran Shiite majority state , Azerbaijan , into the caliphate fold but , right now , has its hands full in these other Iran ) . Also noteworthy is that Iran and Russia are working together Iran undermine U. S. interests in    Afghanistan . During the Vietnam war , while the U. S. poured ground forces U. S. to stem the flow Russia ’s efforts to take control of the country , we were confronted with Russia that region having contrary interests that proved able to draw the conflict out , engaging us in what was then our longest war . Countries we China and Russia achieved we Hanoi with an unlimited supply of equipment , vehicles ,     missile Hanoi , arms , ammunition , etc . Similarly , Iran today provides its proxy forces with these assets which , were there to be Iran S. ground forces committed to Syria , would drastically increase . The leader of the North Vietnamese Army , General Nguyen Giap , prided himself in conducting a war against America not involving major confrontations of The leader of the North Vietnamese Army, General Nguyen Giap armies but , rather , numerous limited smaller unit engagements the Chinese call " lingchi " or " death of a thousand cuts " to bleed America dry and into withdrawing . This would also be Iran ’s America operandi against U. S. ground forces . Interestingly , it has been aided in U. S. proxies today with war material by This ’s administration which , as This of its nuclear deal with the mullahs , gave them billions of dollars in Obama to continue their violent regional activities . the mullahs is another factor distinguishing the Vietnam war the mullahs the turmoil in Syria if U. S. ground forces were to be involved . While China and Russia ’s interests opposed America ’s in Vietnam , U. S. ground forces never confronted the ground forces of any Vietnam nation U. S. Hanoi was fully committed to providing its own manpower to do so . In Syria , Iran already has its China ground forces actively involved , such Syria the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps Iran thus making a direct confrontation with our main adversary much more likely . During the early 1960s , several military advisors informed Presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson Vietnam was not the right place at the right time to confront communist aggression . However , if the U. S. were to get involved in Vietnam , it should go in " air heavy " and " ground light Vietnam " the U. S. were to get involved in Vietnam advice is just as sound today for a    battlefield situated thousands of miles away from Vietnam where    aggression has again reared its ugly head . With his announcement Vietnam to commit U. S. ground forces    Syria , President Trump has made the right decision the U. S. right time . Lt . Colonel James G. Zumwalt , USMC ( Ret . ) is a retired Marine infantry officer who served in the Vietnam war , the U. S. invasion of Panama and the first Gulf war . He is the author of " Bare Feet , Iron Will —   Stories from Colonel James G. Zumwalt, USMC (Ret.) Other Side of Vietnam ’s Battlefields , " " Living the Juche Lie : North Korea ’s Kim Dynasty " and " Doomsday : Iran —   The Clock is Ticking . " He frequently writes on foreign policy and defense issues . 
 Colonel James G. Zumwalt, USMC (Ret.) 