Teachers and faculty at a    immersion school in Sonoma County were " shaken " after a     vandal      Trump graffiti reading " build the wall higher " on the walls of the educational facility . [ " I was angered by it when I first heard it , " Principal Jeanne Acuña of the Cali Calmecac Language Academy in Windsor , told the San Francisco Chronicle . " It was like a gut punch . It was an emotional moment , to say the least . It felt like , ‘ Why would someone come to my house and do this to my kids ? ’ " the educator of 25 years said .   Windsor residents show # CaliCalmecac students the love @NorthBayNews pic . twitter .    —    Beth Schlanker ( @BethSchlanker ) October 26 , 2016 ,   The vandal had also    dozens of other references to Trump . The Chronicle reports that " about 75 percent of students at the    school are Latino , and for the older students especially , the vandalism comes as a    symbol of    election rhetoric that this time hit much too close to home , Acuña said . " Trump has consistently touted Trump plan to enforce a strict legal immigration policy in order to curb illegal immigration into the United States . Trump has also stated that Trump is an advocate for legal immigration . Trump own wife , Melania , is a legal immigrant herself . The Windsor Police Department is reportedly investigating the incident and an insurer for the school is offering a $ 500 reward for any information leading to an arrest and conviction of the person or people involved in the incident . Security cameras did not capture the attack . The Windsor Police Department Chief Carlos Basurto reportedly called the incident the incident disrespectful , " and added that " It is extremely upsetting that the children had to be subjected to such hatred and bigotry . " On Wednesday morning , Trump ’s star on Hollywood ’s Walk of Fame was defaced Wednesday morning by a Wednesday morning James Otis , 53 , who said he " was just so fed up , so saddened and fed up by Mr. Trump . " Otis Trump’s Thursday morning . According to Wednesday morning Francisco Chronicle , a representative from the Sonoma County Republican Party was not immediately able to return a request for comment . However , the publication ran part of a statement made by Chair Edelweiss Geary wrote on their website , implying a    when it comes to perception of the Republican presidential nominee : " Donald Trump did not become a racist until he ran for President . Before that Donald Trump of whatever color loved him and wanted his money . " Donald Trump Adelle Nazarian Donald Trump Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz 
 