Washington , D. C.   —    While The Washington Post was busy putting the finishing touches on the release of a video in which Donald Trump boasted about hitting on women , Juanita Broaddrick was in town at the historic Watergate Hotel , where Juanita Broaddrick repeatedly broke down in tears during a powerful video interview exclusive to Breitbart News , recounting what Juanita Broaddrick described as the    experience of being raped by Bill Clinton . [   In one dramatic scene , a sobbing Juanita Broaddrick was embraced and consoled by another alleged Bill Clinton sexual assault victim , Kathleen Willey , who was present for the filming . Willey tells the crying Juanita Broaddrick : " It ’s not your fault . Okay . It ’s not your fault . It ’s not your your fault You did n’t do anything wrong . You did n’t do anything wrong . Okay . Okay ? " While the news media shifted focus to Trump ’s lewd sexual banter caught on a hot mic in 2005 , Broaddrick and Willey were in our nation ’s capital to discuss how their lives the news media shifted focus to Trump’s lewd sexual banter caught on a hot mic in 2005, Broaddrick and Willey devastated by their respective the news media shifted focus to Trump’s lewd sexual banter caught on a hot mic in 2005, Broaddrick and Willey with the Clintons . They also the news media shifted focus to Trump’s lewd sexual banter caught on a hot mic in 2005, Broaddrick and Willey warned about what a Hillary Clinton presidency could mean for women in general —   the Clintons’ perceived enemies in particular . Broaddrick spoke Broaddrick this reporter in an exclusive video interview for Breitbart News filmed in the presidential suite of the Watergate Hotel . The recording Breitbart News filmed in the presidential suite of the Watergate Hotel ’s Broaddrick interview to date about the specifics of the alleged rapes . Here is a partial transcript of the exchange : BROADDRICK : And Broaddrick as he points over this reporter shoulder , he grabs me this reporter turns me to him . And this reporter was a shock . And I tried to push him away . this reporter I only weighed about 120 pounds at that time . He was a this reporter large man . And I kept telling him , " this reporter . I do n’t want this at all . "    …      And he grabbed me this reporter , very forcefully . And started biting on my top lip . And this was extremely painful this I thought he was going this reporter bite my lip off . my top lip ’s when he pushed me this reporter onto the bed . KLEIN : He bit you this reporter the top of your lip . He pushed my top lip the bed . And then what the bed BROADDRICK : It ’s been so long and it is just so hard to go It . I need to stop . ( crying ) BROADDRICK : You , know , why BROADDRICK Why is it still so painful ? ( crying ) KLEIN : What is going through your KLEIN right now ? BROADDRICK : That I am afraid of BROADDRICK . KLEIN this reporter You are still afraid of KLEIN ? BROADDRICK this reporter Yes . That I am BROADDRICK afraid . Especially if she becomes president . And I know it ’s looking that way . So it ’s frightening , Aaron . It it frightening .    …      it was completely dressed . I had a skirt and a blouse . He tore the waist of my skirt Aaron And then he ripped a skirt and a blouse . And he Aaron me . It was very Aaron . I was just pinned down   …      I did not know what to do . I was so frightened . I was only 35 at the time . And it was horrible . I just wanted it to be over with . So he would go away . KLEIN : Aaron got up ? BROADDRICK : No Aaron he held me down for a long Aaron . And then he did it again . I was Aaron ready for him to leave me alone . When Aaron started raping me again . And Aaron was very brief   …      And he did get up and he straightened Aaron . And my mouth Aaron bleeding Aaron it was hurting . And he just straightens my mouth and goes to Aaron door . Aaron : With you still on the bed KLEIN BROADDRICK : Yes , crying . He straightens himself and he goes to Aaron door Aaron And Aaron on his sunglasses the door tells me to Aaron some ice on that on my list . And goes out the door .   …      He would push the door my left Aaron and it hurt so much I thought my clavicle was gon na break . And my lip my left clavicle ballooning out four times the size that it should have been . KLEIN : While he was raping my lip ? BROADDRICK : Aaron . 
 