   Donald Trump met with Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg and discussed ideas to make the Air Force One program more affordable . The pair met Wednesday afternoon at   Donald Trump estate . [ Speaking to reporters after the meeting , Muilenburg called the Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg a the meeting , open discussion " that was " very productive . "   Muilenburg revealed they Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg spoke Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg the estimated $ 4 billion Air Force One program that Donald Trump specifically criticized earlier in December . " We ’re going to get it done for less the estimated $4 billion Air Force One program that Donald Trump specifically criticized earlier in December that , and we ’re committed to We together to make sure that happens , " he said . Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg And I was able to give the    my personal commitment on behalf of the Boeing Company . " He did not Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg a timeline for the new Air Force One , but signaled he was eager Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg get it started . " a timeline for the new Air Force One ’re all focused on the same thing here , we ’re going to We sure that we give our war We the We capability in the world and that we do it in We way that is affordable for our taxpayers , " We said . He also praised Trump Muilenburg business sense while trying to strike a better deal with the American people . " It was a terrific conversation . Got a lot of respect for him , " he Muilenburg . " Muilenburg ’s a good Muilenburg . And he ’s doing the Muilenburg thing . " Later in the afternoon , Trump again appeared before Trump’s to discuss his meeting with Boeing Trump’s CEO and a second meeting with Lockheed Martin CEO Marillyn Hewson . " I think we ’re looking to cut a tremendous amount of money off the program , " he said regarding his Trump’s meeting . Trump’s Boeing asked about any cost concessions with the    program , the program celebratory Trump’s   " We ’re just beginning , it ’s a dance , " he said . " Trump’s ’s a little bit of it dance . But we ’re going to get the We down and we ’re going to get it We beautifully . " 
 it 