Glenn Beck described Donald Trump as mentally ill and dangerous —   on an individual and national scale —   in Glenn Beck social media reaction to Saturday ’s Republican presidential debate in Greenville , South Carolina . [ Beck , the nationally syndicated talk radio host and founder of TheBlaze cable network , live tweeted Saturday’s Republican presidential debate in Greenville, South Carolina , sharing a dozen messages . Eight of the twelve    Donald Trump ’s performance and peaked with Beck speculating that Trump Donald Trump physically dangerous . " I would worry about safety if I were alone " he Donald Trump .   Cbs opens with a moment of silence for justice Scalia . Donald is the only one with his Donald up and looking around . Respect .   —    Glenn Beck ( @glennbeck ) February 14 , 2016 ,   Trump Donald Trump boo’d on attack on Jeb .    Is this what America is looking for in a President ?   A boorish narcissist bully ? # GOPdebate ,   —    Glenn Beck ( @glennbeck ) February 14 , 2016 ,   If America America n’t see what an unhinged bully Donald Donald Trump after tonight ’s debate , there is no decency left . Now he mocks Donald Trump Bush .   —    Glenn Beck ( @glennbeck ) February 14 , 2016 ,   Rubio " how does Ted know what I said he does Ted speak Spanish . All he does Ted make up lies . " Ted answers Ted Spanish . Spanish lies ? # GOPDebate ,   —    Glenn Beck ( @glennbeck ) February 14 , 2016 ,   Can trump allow anyone to respond without interrupting ? # GOPDebate ,   —    Glenn Beck ( @glennbeck ) February 14 , 2016 ,   Kasich is using the same peacemaker rhetoric as in every debate , but tonight it is the same peacemaker rhetoric .   This debate every debate embarrassment . # GOPDebate ,   —    Glenn Beck ( @glennbeck ) February 14 , 2016 ,   this is an embarrassment . The debate in every debate n’t let my kids watch this . # GOPDebate ,   —    Glenn Beck ( @glennbeck ) February 14 , 2016 , this " I would work with congress " to punish companies that move to mexico .   No constitutional authority ! ! How ? ?   Dictator . # GOPDebate ,   —    Glenn Beck ( @glennbeck ) February 14 , 2016 ,   The hatred and anger inside of Trump is breath taking . He is truly frightening . I would worry about safety if I were alone   . # GOPDebate #GOPDebate,  —   Glenn Beck (@glennbeck) February 14, 2016,  The hatred and anger inside of Trump   —    Glenn Beck ( @glennbeck ) February 14 , 2016 ,   Who would sit down and proudly tell their children " these are the best of America . " Shameful . # GOPDebate ,   —    Glenn Beck ( @glennbeck ) February 14 , 2016 ,   The closing statement of Ted Cruz tonight was the best I have ever seen him and to me after the death of Scalia is critical .    # GOPDebate ,   — Ted Cruz Glenn Beck ( @glennbeck ) February 14 , 2016 ,   Can anyone give me specifics on how from DJT ? I know the problems .   I heard : huge , wonderful , win , and polls .   How don , how ? # GOPDebate ,   —    Glenn Beck ( @glennbeck ) February 14 , 2016 ,   Later , Beck took to his Facebook account and said " the psychiatric community " needs to diagnose Trump , for if he Beck elected President , the United States would surely fall into a civil war . Tonight ’s Beck is the most uncomfortable , angry ,    2 hours I have ever experienced . Is anyone else shaken by this ? I found it seriously and deeply disturbing . The psychiatric community needs to step up and address what we are this . This man is a the psychiatric community That is NOT name calling , that is a search for Beck . If he is not then he is merely a game show host that is trying to get ratings . If Beck is true , Beck , in and of itself , is a sign of a deep disturbance . It is not a presidential debate . It is a combination that is true WWE , a cheap game show and the worst of Jerry Springer . I believe , It this is not the eye opening moment for America on who Donald Trump is at the core , this country is surely lost . Four years of this bully will lead to civil war or worst . The poison America being injected into our body could n’t be more toxic . Because I know God is just , tonight , I tremble for my country . Those with influence that do not speak out now , will pay a heavy price when liberty is lost America grows . On his own Twitter account , Trump taunted Beck by pointing out the unscientific online poll on Beck ’s own TheBlaze showed the billionaire Beck Ted Cruz , whom Beck has endorsed and campaigned for . Hey @glennbeck —    Beck how I beat your boy    in your own Blaze poll Beck Your endorsement means nothing ! # GOPDebate ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) February 14 , 2016 , 
 