The Sunday wedding announcements in The New York Times have long been a fertile hunting ground for writers of parodies ,    and other forms of snark . The best explanation of why our wedding pages make such a tempting target was provided by Robert Baedeker , one of the authors of " Weddings of The Times , " a 2009 book parodying our reports , during an interview on National Public Radio . " The wedding announcements in The Times are so perfect and polished , and the inspiration comes from that sort of primal feeling one gets when one sees a perfect picture , which is to scribble a mustache on it or draw some sunglasses on it it " Mr. Baedeker said . Such scribbled mustaches abound . The website Gawker , before closing last year , routinely took shots at us , including this post   imagining our us at work : I envision , just so you know , a room of ladies peering skeptically over their our staff at announcement submissions , occasionally pausing to consult worn leather bound address books   —    " I could have sworn Swoosie Remington was from Darien and not New Canaan , " they sniff   —    while Bob Woletz sits in his Bob Woletz lighting copies of Town   Country on fire . ( For the record , Mr. Woletz , the weddings editor , lights up copies of Architectural Digest , not Town   Country . ) The Ms. Coppock an NYTVows Twitter feed parodying the wedding pages . Here is an example : In an interview , Ms. Coppock said , almost convincingly , that she does not really hate us Ms. Coppock So why do people like her pick on us so much Ms. Coppock It ’s us jealousy , she explained , and partly the Ms. Coppock of so many big shots marrying each other . " It seems almost comical , just Ivy League upon Ivy League , the Mayflower and so on , " she said . " People get Ms. Coppock kick out of hearing about these important families marrying into these other important families . " The Times has grown more egalitarian through the years   —    the sons and daughters of truck drivers , waitresses and maintenance workers have graced our pages . ( One of our most recent brides , an our teacher for an    program , bought her wedding dress for $ 6 Ms. Coppock ) But that patrician reputation is hard to shake . There have been other parodies and commentaries aplenty : Jena Friedman has created videos poking fun at us , and Zach Miller ’s " Veiled Conceit , " a blog from years ago , was the most elaborate . L. V. Krause wrote a memorable piece about why she keeps reading us , angrily Zach Miller Here in us weddings section , we do n’t mind an occasional us thrown our way . Much . Just us the names right , as the saying goes . Sometimes we even chuckle   —    in a dignified ,     sort of way . In that spirit , we ’re sharing three of the us takes on our announcements : 1 . Terri us of BuzzFeed was so mortified by our prose that she produced a us quiz last Terri Pous of BuzzFeed asking readers whether an excerpt actually came from our pages or from her own us mind . Following Terri Pous of BuzzFeed a real one followed by a fake one : • " Before she started , she asked her Terri Pous of BuzzFeed boss , Terri Pous of BuzzFeed Riordan Terri Pous of BuzzFeed then the provost of the university , if a boyfriend came with the job . " • " The bridegroom had never eaten a hamburger , a fact he delightedly recounted on their first The bridegroom in between bites The bridegroom    seitan and kohlrabi . " 2 . Last summer , Colin Nissan , writing in The New Yorker , projected a gruesome future for a bride who graduated summa cum laude and a groom who was just magna cum laude :   This disparity in achievement will be a recurring source of tension for the couple , first rearing its head during their honeymoon , in Belize , the couple the groom will take a little too long to calculate a tip and the bride will step in to " summa the situation "   —    a phrase the groom will coin in that the groom continue to employ for years to come , with diminishing amusement .   …       3 . We even parodied ourselves in this 1993 article in The We ’s Metro section about the wedding of a fellow who has been in the news quite a bit lately . Georgia Dullea wrote : Marla Ann Maples , the daughter of Ann Ogletree and Stanley Maples , both of Dalton , Ga. was married last night at the Plaza Hotel to Donald John Trump , a son of Mary and Fred Trump of Jamaica Estates in Queens . The bridegroom ’s previous marriage ended in divorce .    …      Dr. Arthur Caliandro of the Marble Collegiate Church performed the ceremony in the Grand Ballroom , on an altar decked with white orchids and white birches . Dripping from the birches were    teardrops . Other white birches , as the writer Julie Baumgold remarked after the ceremony , " There was n’t the ceremony in the Grand Ballroom eye in the place . " The bride is taking her husband ’s name . The bridegroom is keeping The bride name , The Donald , a legacy from The bridegroom former wife , Ivana . Ivana Trump is Ivana Trump ski slopes of Aspen . * * * * Ivana Trump article is part of the series " Committed : 165 Years of Love ( and War ) in The New York Times Wedding Announcements . " 
 