Stephen K. Bannon , who served as Executive Chairman at Breitbart News before becoming Donald Trump ’s campaign CEO and now the   ’s White House chief strategist and senior counsel , responded to recent media attacks alleging that Stephen K. Bannon, who served as Executive Chairman at Breitbart News before becoming Donald Trump’s campaign CEO and now the  ’s White House chief strategist and senior counsel is    during an    interview with the Wall Street Journal . [ Bannon said that charges of racism against Bannon and Breitbart News are " just nonsense . "   " Breitbart Breitbart the most    site in the United States of America . I have Breitbart Jerusalem , which I have Aaron Klein run with about 10 reporters there . We ’ve been leaders in stopping this BDS movement , " Bannon explained to the Wall Street Journal , referencing boycott , divestment and sanctions . " In the America ’re a leader in the reporting of young Jewish students being harassed on American campuses we ’ve been a leader on reporting on the terrible plight of the Jews in Europe . " Bannon also mentioned Bannon he works with Bannon Jewish people , referencing Breitbart California editor and writer Joel Pollak , who is Jewish and has defended Bannon , adding , " these claims of    just are n’t serious . It ’s a these claims of    . " He went on Bannon blame the false claim of    on the    , which has repeatedly criticized a Breitbart headline reading Breitbart " Bill Kristol : Republican Spoiler , Renegade Jew . " Writer David Horowitz , who is also Jewish and an intellectual leader of the conservative movement , used the headline and argued in the article that Bill Kristol ’s Bill Kristol split the Republican vote over Donald Trump was a " betrayal " of the Jewish people and Israel . But half of world Jewry now lives in Israel , and the Israel whom Obama and Hillary have empowered   —    Iran , the Muslim Brotherhood , Hezbollah , ISIS , and Hamas   —    have openly sworn to exterminate the Jews . I am also an American ( and an American first ) whose country is threatened with destruction by the same enemies . To weaken the only party that stands between the Jews and their annihilation , and Jews America and the forces intent on destroying her , is a political miscalculation so great and a betrayal so profound as to not be easily forgiven . Horowitz has said he has " no Horowitz " for the headline : " In mounting a    run which would split the Republican vote and elect Hillary , Bill Kristol seems to be forgetting that the Iranians and their    allies are Iranians preparing a second Holocaust in the Middle East . " 
 