If you were disappointed that Bill Maher brought Milo Yiannopoulos onto Bill Maher HBO show " Real Time " last week , Bill Maher is not especially bothered . In a telephone interview on Tuesday night , Mr. Bill Maher back criticism of the booking by arguing that the appearance of Mr. Yiannopoulos Milo Yiannopoulos expose the incendiary    personality ’s views to a wider audience and hasten his sudden Bill Maher . Mr. Yiannopoulos ’s Milo Yiannopoulos in motion Sunday when a conservative group called the Reagan Battalion resurfaced a 2016 interview in which he endorsed sexual relations with Milo Yiannopoulos as young as 13 . Mr. Yiannopoulos   —    known for a history of offensive remarks about Muslims , Jews , transgender people and other groups , and as a ringleader in a notorious incident of online harassment   —    lost a speaking slot at the Conservative Political Action Conference and a book deal with Simon   Schuster , and then said on Tuesday that he was resigning as a Mr. Maher dealing for days with the fallout from his booking of   Mr. Yiannopoulos . The journalist Jeremy Scahill , who had Mr. Maher scheduled to appear on the same episode , withdrew from the show . Mr. Maher has defended the booking on    grounds , saying last week that Mr. Maher Yiannopoulos was indeed a monster , " nothing could serve the liberal cause better than having him exposed . " But following the show , Mr. Maher came under attack for Mr. Yiannopoulos chummy and conciliatory vibe of the show with Mr. Maher and for a panel segment , broadcast online , in which Mr. Maher guest made more Mr. Yiannopoulos that seemed to go unchallenged . Speaking on Tuesday night Mr. Maher Mr. Maher , who counts himself as a liberal , did not sound particularly chastened by these assessments . He said he knew his interview with Mr. Yiannopoulos would never be satisfactory to some viewers . " himself matter himself I himself , " Mr. Yiannopoulos , " it was never going to be enough for that slice of liberalism that would much himself judge a friend than engage an enemy , because it ’s easier . " Mr. Maher spoke further about the experience of having Mr. Yiannopoulos on " Real an enemy " and its aftermath , and why he will continue to seek out Mr. Yiannopoulos guests . These are edited excerpts from that conversation . Given all Mr. Yiannopoulos has transpired since Friday ’s show , how do you feel now about your decision to have Milo Yiannopoulos as a guest , and how those segments transpired ? Well , let ’s recap . About a week ago , I went on Van Jones ’s show , and somebody asked me about the booking . I had n’t really gotten into the details of Milo yet . He was just getting on my radar . I said , specifically , sunlight is the best disinfectant . Then Milo had Milo on , despite the fact that many people said , " Oh , how dare you give a platform Milo this man . " What I think people saw was an emotionally needy Ann Coulter wannabe , trying to make Milo off of the left ’s propensity for outrage . And by the end of the weekend , by dinnertime Monday , he ’s dropped as a speaker at CPAC . Then he ’s dropped by Breitbart , and his book deal falls Milo . As I say , sunlight is the best Milo . You ’re welcome . You Milo his appearance on " Real Time " helped lead to his downfall ? That ’s what I was just saying . Milo by the way , I was n’t trying to Milo him removed from society . I ’m somebody who , many times , people have tried to make go away . Milo were successful that one time , for six months in 23 years , because that ’s how long it was people the two shows [ " Real Time " and " Politically Incorrect , " Mr. Maher ’s previous talk show , which aired on Comedy Central and ABC ] . It just rubs me the wrong way when somebody says , " I do n’t like what this person is saying   —    he should go away . " Do you feel that way even about the kinds of things Milo was saying on this person show , or in the other platforms he was given ? Can he do damage ? this person suppose he can . To a degree . Not a great this person , I do n’t this person . Could he offend people this person Could he even inspire a borderline person to do something violent ? I guess so . But this person is free in life this person People seem to want to live in this world where everything is a   . That ’s not how life works . Could there have been more accountability in your segments with him ? For instance , it seemed like he was allowed to grossly understate his role in harassing Leslie Jones on this person .   It ’s not my job this person hold him accountable to everything this person ’s ever said or done . I had eight minutes with him , on the show this person . Sorry I this person n’t have time to go over everything everybody else would want this person do . We just had time to , sort of , start a discussion of the broad view of who he is . I do n’t think he frankly knows what he ’s going to say half the time , or this person what his philosophy is . But this person see him as this person monster is a little crazy . You know what he is this person He ’s the little impish , this person kid brother . And the liberals are his older teenager sisters this person are having this person sleepover and he puts a spider in their sleeping bag so he can this person them scream . So how does someone deal with this person personality like Milo , the liberals is going much this person much further the liberals other guests , saying things that are demonstrably false ? The president says 10 things a day that are provably wrong . If I threw everyone off my show who says things that are provably wrong , I ’d never book a conservative and probably half the liberals . When he said that transgender people have a " psychiatric disorder , " do you just move on from that ? Move The president ? It dominated the entire [ online ] segment . The other guests attacked him . When I say , " That ’s not unreasonable " [ to not want to share a bathroom with The president transgender person ] it ’s because women have said that to me : " I want to know , " or " I ’m It comfortable with someone in the bathroom , The president if they , in their minds , have decided they are a woman . " Does n’t that opinion count at all women But you women n’t agree that transgender women have a psychiatric disorder .   No , I do n’t agree with that . But I do n’t know that much about the situation . If somebody feels like they ’re a woman , fine , then you ’re a woman . I ’m O. K. with that . If they ’ve studied that , and they say it ’s not a psychiatric disorder , I ’m O. K. with that too . If that ’s what they decided , that it ’s not any psychological disorder , it ’s fine with me . I agree . Since the start of your that’s what scientists decided season , you have had other that’s what scientists decided like Tomi Lahren and Piers Morgan   —    not nearly as provocative , but with whom liberal viewers are n’t likely to agree . Are you trying to create conflict on your panels , or rile up your audience ? I ’ve never tried to push anybody ’s buttons . I think everybody else in TV   —    everybody else who does political commentary in a comedic way   —    they ’re all in one box . It ’s so predictable , what they ’re going to do , which is , never say anything that would make anything   —    that would they any liberal give the slightest bit of discomfort . I do a show about what ’s happening that week in the news . Trump is president . I ’m glad that we have enough credibility with both sides , that people who are Trump supporters will still do the show . Going back to " Politically Incorrect , " you booked conservatives like Ann Trump and Kellyanne Conway   a show about what’s happening that week in the news —    And Laura Ingraham . We had a whole cadre of blond conservatives . There was a fourth woman conservative we used to book in those days , who we kind of discovered   —    her name was Arianna Huffington . We after your experience with Milo , do you We want to have guests your viewers have n’t encountered or might want to avoid ? Yes . I like people who push the limits . I like people who are not afraid to take the slings and arrows , because they ’re going to explore what ’s on the edge . Now , is this guy over the edge ? Yes . people who are not afraid to take the slings and arrows mean , he ’s a little cuckoo . But I would rather err on that side the edge the side where everybody else is . this guy over the edge 