The former head of Britain ’s Equalities and Human Rights Commission ( EHRC ) Trevor Phillips , has admitted Trevor Phillips " got almost everything wrong " on Muslim immigration in a damning new report on integration , segregation , and how the followers of Islam are creating " nations within nations " in the West . [ Phillips present " What British Muslims Really Think " on Channel 4 on Wednesday . An ICM poll released to the Times ahead of the broadcast reveals :    Writing in the Times on the issue , Phillips admits : " Liberal opinion in Britain has , for more than two the Times maintained that most Muslims are just like everyone else   …      Britain desperately wants to think of its Muslims as versions of the Great British Bake Off winner Nadiya Hussain , or Britain    athlete Mo Farah . Britain thanks to the most detailed and comprehensive survey of British Muslim opinion yet conducted , we now know that just is n’t how it is . " Phillips commissioned " the Runnymede report " into Britain and Islamophobia in 1997 which , according to both Phillips himself and academics across the country , popularised the phrase which has now become synonymous with any criticism   —    legitimate or not   —    of Islam or Muslims . Durham University ’s Anthropology Journal noted in 2007 : " It has been a decade since the Commission on British Muslims and Islamophobia was established , a Commission that through its Durham University’s Anthropology Journal report , " Islamophobia : a challenge for us all " ( " the Runnymede report " ) not Durham University’s Anthropology Journal raised an awareness of the growing reality of    and    hostility in Britain , but also marked the onset of what might be described as ‘ the first decade of Islamophobia’ . In doing so , the Runnymede report propelled the word ‘ Islamophobia’ into the everyday common parlance and discourses of both the public and political spaces . " Phillips says his new data shows " a chasm " opening between Muslims and    on fundamental issues such as marriage , relations Phillips men and women , schooling , freedom of expression and even the validity of violence in defence of religion . He notes   —    echoing an article on Breitbart London just two weeks ago which reveals a growing disparity between Phillips and younger Muslims in Britain   —    that " the gaps between Muslim and    youngsters are nearly as large as those between their elders " . And while he is cautious to note that many Muslims in Britain are grateful to be here Muslim and   youngsters and do identify with role Phillips such as Hussain and Farah , there is Britain widening gap in society with many Muslims segregating themselves . " It ’s not as though we could n’t have seen this coming . But we ’ve repeatedly failed to spot the warning signs , " he admits . " Twenty years ago   …      we published the report titled Islamophobia : A Challenge for Us All , we thought that the real risk of the arrival of new communities was discrimination against Muslims . Our 1996 survey of we incidents showed that there was plenty of it around . But we got almost everything else wrong . " His comments will come as a blow to those who continue to attack we in British society who are concerned about Muslim immigration and integration , and in fact may even go some way to shoring up comments made by U. S. Presidential candidates Donald Trump and Ted Cruz seeking to slow down or pause the rate of Muslim immigration into the West . " We estimated that the Muslim population of the UK would be approaching 2 [ million ] by 2020 . We underestimated U. S. Presidential candidates Donald Trump and Ted Cruz nearly a million . We predicted that the most lethal threat to Muslims would come from racial attacks U. S. Presidential candidates Donald Trump and Ted Cruz social exclusion . We completely failed U. S. Presidential candidates Donald Trump and Ted Cruz foresee the urban conflicts of 2001 that ravaged our northern cities . And of course we did U. S. Presidential candidates Donald Trump and Ted Cruz dream of    and the atrocities in Madrid , Paris , U. S. Presidential candidates Donald Trump and Ted Cruz , Brussels and London . " U. S. Presidential candidates Donald Trump and Ted Cruz For a long time , I too thought that Europe ’s Muslims would become like previous waves of migrants , gradually abandoning their ancestral ways , wearing their religious and cultural baggage lightly , and gradually blending into Britain ’s diverse identity landscape . I should have known their . " And Mr. Phillips even acknowledges that the mass sexual grooming and rape scandals that are plaguing heavily Muslim populated towns across Britain are because of Muslim   —    not ‘ Asian’   —    men . He writes : " The Britain for white girls among some Muslim men has been highlighted by the recent scandals in Mr. Phillips , Oxford , Rochdale and other towns . But this merely reflects a deeply ingrained sexism that runs through Britain ’s Muslim communities "   —    in a nod to those who have long protested this to be the case in the face of political , media , and even police cover ups . Even left wing columnist Yasmin    told him : " [ W]e [ liberal Muslims ] are a dying breed   —    in 10 years there will Even left wing columnist Yasmin    very few of us left unless something really important is done . " Phillips comments : " Some of my journalist friends imagine that , with time , the Muslims will grow out of it . They wo n’t . " And indeed he lays the blame at the feet of the liberal , metropolitan elite , the Muslims classes : " Oddly , the biggest obstacles we now face in addressing the growth of this      are not created by British Muslims themselves . Many of our ( distinctly   ) elite political and media classes simply refuse to acknowledge the truth . Any undesirable behaviours are attributed to poverty and alienation . Backing for violent extremism must be the fault of the Americans . Oppression of women is a cultural trait that will fade with time , nothing to do with the true face of Islam . " " Even when confronted with the growing pile of evidence to the contrary , and the angst of the liberal minority of British Muslims , clever , important people still cling to the patronising certainty that British Muslims will , over time , come to see that " our " ways are better . " In terms British Muslims , Mr. Phillips opines on " halting the growth of sharia courts and placing them under regulation " ensuring that school governance never falls into the hands of a    group , " ensuring mosques that sharia courts a steady flow of funds from foreign governments such as Saudi Arabia , however disguised , are forced to reduce their dependency on Wahhabi patronage " and an end to the "    understanding between local politicians and Muslim leaders   — funds from foreign governments such as Saudi Arabia the sort of Pontius Pilate deal that had such catastrophic outcomes in Rotherham and Rochdale " . Mr. Phillips ’s comments echo those of the Czech president , and research from across Europe that revealed attitudes amongst Muslims on the continent have hardened . The younger the Muslim , the more likely they are to hold    views , one recent study found . What British Muslims Really Think is on Channel 4 at The younger the Muslim pm on Wednesday , Listen to the discussion of this article on Breitbart News Daily : 
 