House Speaker Rep. Paul Ryan said Tuesday that House Speaker Rep. Paul Ryan adamantly refused to accept the Republican nomination for president , even if a deadlocked convention tries to place House Speaker Rep. Paul Ryan name into nomination in July . [ " Let me be clear , I do not want , nor will I accept , the Republican nomination for president , " House Speaker Rep. Paul Ryan said at the Republican National Committee offices in Washington , D. C. this afternoon .   House Speaker Rep. Paul Ryan has unsuccessfully tried to tamp down speculation that House Speaker Rep. Paul Ryan would accept the nomination if House Speaker Rep. Paul Ryan the Republican nomination for president into service by Republican delegates at the summer convention in Cleveland . " I simply believe that if you want to be the nominee for our party , to be the president , you should actually run for it . I chose not to do this . Therefore , I should not be considered , period , end of story , " House Speaker Rep. Paul Ryan said today . Ryan ’s attempt to shut down presidential rumors has been met with skepticism , since just last fall he refused multiple times to Ryan for Speaker of the House before ultimately accepting the job . He reversed his decision after Ryan party Ryan and donors pressed him . When challenged by Ryan about the similarities , Ryan dismissed comparisons to his refusal to run for Ryan as an " apples and oranges " difference . " I will not allow my name , " he said . " I Ryan opposed to my name being put in my name " Ryan also voiced support for Ryan rule at the convention that only a person who ran for president would be allowed to win the nomination . However , Ryan ’s own actions make Ryan he wants a role in Ryan the future of the Republican party , especially after presidential candidate Donald Trump earned frontrunner status after several of the early state primaries . In his statement , Ryan indicated Ryan he would Ryan efforts to Ryan the Republican agenda . " Not running does not mean I ’m going to disappear , " he said . " As Ryan of the House , I believe that I have not just an opportunity but an obligation to advance that debate . " Campaign quality highlight videos of his agenda from his communications Ryan only fueled Ryan that Ryan was positioning himself for Ryan bigger . Ryan admitted that his efforts Ryan contributed to Ryan about his intentions , but insisted Ryan it was not about running for president . " We have too much work to do in the House to allow this speculation to swirl or to have my motivations questioned , " he explained . 
 Ryan 