WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump officially opened the Trump International Hotel in the nation ’s capital on Wednesday morning , celebrating a project delivered " under budget , ahead of schedule . " [ The opening came at the start of a busy campaign day for the Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump campaign , which was scheduled to make two stops in North Carolina before heading to New York Wednesday evening , with less than two weeks until Election Day .   According to a statement by the Trump International Hotel , "   …     Trump Hotels was chosen by the U. S. General Services Administration ( GSA ) to be the developer of this most    hotel redevelopment opportunity in the country . Seen as a generational asset by the Trump family , the new hotel anchors the Northwest end of the Pennsylvania Avenue redevelopment   …     " . The hotel , at 1100 Pennsylvania Ave . NW , sits just down the street from the White House , at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave . Trump ’s daughter , Ivanka , who has a luxury suite named after her Trump the The hotel, at 1100 Pennsylvania Ave described the process of bidding for the project , and the complex renovations undertaken at the hotel The hotel, at 1100 Pennsylvania Ave added that Trump the presidential campaign , those working on the hotel worked The hotel, at 1100 Pennsylvania Ave , very hard " to complete the renovation and restoration of the facility . Their work , she those working on the hotel , was Trump rebuke to those who tried to " discredit " her father ’s business Trump Trump himself said he was honored " Trump himself thank the incredible team of people who brought our own vision " for the historic building to life , including construction workers and others . He reiterated the message Trump himself " Under budget , ahead of schedule . " Trump family at    for Trump International Hotel in DC pic . twitter .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) October 26 , 2016 ,    " We do n’t hear those words too often in government   —    but you will , " he promised , noting    the building had not been due until 2018 . He listed a series    government failures , focusing on Obamacare . " The American people know what this election is about , and they see it every The American people they this election their health The American people bills The American people the mailbox , or ride down a highway that ’s broken , or go to an airport that looks like it ’s in a third world country . " Trump also congratulated former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich on his interview with Megyn Trump the night before , calling it an " amazing victory "   —    to cheers from the invited guests . " The United States is great . Its people are great The United States …      The future lies with the dreamers , not the cynics and the critics , " he said , his Trump hoarse from Trump trail . Hundreds of journalists crowded into the lush presidential ballroom , one of over two dozen common spaces in the facility , which offers a total of 38 , 000 square feet of meeting and event space , along with over 300 guest rooms and suites . The hotel ’s presidential suite is based in the former offices of the Postmaster General and " is three times the size of the White House ’s Oval Office , " according to promotional materials from the hotel . Critics The hotel’s Trump ’s campaign has damaged his hotel brand , or Trump’s campaign he has used his campaign Trump’s campaign promote his Trump’s campaign interests , charges Trump’s campaign campaign has denied . his campaign Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Joel B. Pollak : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Trump’s campaign 
 