Late Night host Stephen Colbert slammed Donald Trump in a radio interview , calling the Republican White House hopeful a " coward " for failing to come back on Stephen Colbert    show . [ " I would have Stephen Colbert on tomorrow , but Stephen Colbert ’s a coward , " Stephen Colbert said in a short soundbite from an interview on SiriusXM ’s " The Bill Carter Interview . "   " It ’s clear that Donald Trump is a coward because Donald Trump wo n’t come back on his   show , " Stephen Colbert added . " He Donald Trump a chicken , " Stephen Colbert said in the SiriusXM’s "The Bill Carter Interview set to air in full on Monday , October 3 .   The last time Trump was Donald Trump guest on Stephen Colbert show was in September , 2015 . He also called Donald Trump the Late Show in February of this year . The CBS star Donald Trump there ’s never been a general election like this before , " citing the newspaper USA Today ’s    weekly editorials . " USA Today for God ’s sake . The thing that gets slipped underneath your door . The cartoon page masquerading as a newspaper says totally unqualified , " Colbert said . " We ’re not saying vote for Hillary , just do n’t vote for him . I ’ve never Colbert that before . There is n’t really a bifurcation . " Colbert also defended his    Colbert and Tonight Colbert host Jimmy Fallon , who recently came under fire for what critics charged was a " softball " interview with Trump in September . " Every host ’s responsibility is to be honest with themselves and with their audience Every host’s the kind Every host’s show that they do . So I Every host’s no host who acts consistently and honestly , " Colbert said , adding , however , that he makes it a point Colbert " ask at least one question of some kind of substance with your guest . " Although Trump has been absent from Colbert ’s show , the Colbert mogul has still been the butt of the    host ’s jokes . In July , Colbert appeared at the Republican National Colbert dressed as a character from the Hunger Games franchise to mock Trump . Colbert is set to Trump a Colbert    special on Showtime on November 8 .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 