Just days after making fools of Just days after making fools of themselves with dire warnings about how jeers from Trump supporters could lead to mob  violence and Nazi Germany with dire warnings about how jeers from Trump supporters could lead to mob   violence and Nazi Germany , our lying , corrupt DC Media is back to clutching our lying, corrupt DC Media pearls and demanding safe spaces after Trump told a crowd of supporters that he Trump like to punch a protester in the face .   The    Washington Post : Donald Trump he wanted Trump punch a protester " in the face the face the man disrupted a campaign rally in Las Vegas on Monday night . " Here ’s a guy , throwing punches , nasty as hell , screaming at everything else , when we ’re talking , " Trump told Trump crowd , although CNN reported the man did the man to be fighting with security officers . " The guards are very gentle with him . He ’s the man out the man like , big    smiling , laughing , " Trump continued Trump before saying to loud cheers : " I ’d like to punch him in the face the man I tell ya . " As I wrote just yesterday : Keep in mind that this is the exact same made that ensured President Obama paid no political price after his team accused Mitt President Obama of murder in 2012 the exact same media that looked the other way when Obama said , " President Obama they bring a knife to the fight , we bring a gun " and " argue with neighbors , get in their face " the they same media that downplayed the beating Kenneth Gladney just hours after a top Obama official called on President Obama to " Hit back twice as hard . " When Obama ’s base riots President Obama loots in Ferguson and Baltimore , the media asks us to " understand . " When Trump supporters jeer , the media warns of the media . Because our political media is nothing us than an arm of the Democrat Party , Obama was never made President Obama pay a political price for any of that . In fact , the media loved it . the media years of covering for Barack Obama endless sins President Obama media has absolutely zero credibility when the media to issues like this . And we must never stop reminding them of that fact .    Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                
 