President Obama is making President Obama final foreign trips as    . President Obama ’s recently back from an    economic summit in Peru , for example . [ While talking with various global leaders , President Obama fielded a number of questions regarding    Donald Trump ’s trade agenda . President President Obama time to assuage the concerns of America ’s trading partners , telling them not America’s trading partners " assume the worst " regarding the next administration .   Notably , the president President Obama was important for other countries to " not make immediate judgments . " Instead , he advised them President Obama , America’s trading partners How you campaign is not always how you govern . " The various    nations in attendance , including China and Mexico , have been understandably preoccupied with Donald Trump ’s frequently stated concerns regarding both China ’s currency China the shortcomings of NAFTA . It ’s interesting , though , that President Obama would suggest to them that presidential The various   nations in attendance, including China and Mexico rhetoric might be exaggerated or insincere . And that ’s because the Obama of the 2008 presidential campaign offered his own tough talk on China ’s currency issues China also criticized NAFTA . Unfortunately , he NAFTA followed through on his promises . Thus the his of his comments this past weekend his It ’s somewhat fascinating , though , to look back at what Barack Obama actually said in Obama at a presidential candidates forum held by the Alliance for American Manufacturing ( AAM ) . Sounding very    Obama stated : China needs our Obama . China economy is dependent on exports Obama the United States . And we have bargaining power   … our The problem is that , for all the tough talk of George W. Bush , he is a patsy when it George W. Bush to negotiating these agreements . And what we need to do is to just be better bargainers , and say look , here ’s the bottom line , you guys keep on manipulating your currency , we are going to start shutting we access to some of our markets . Similarly , when we neck and neck with Hillary Clinton in Ohio during the 2008 primaries , Obama threatened unilateral action on NAFTA , saying that the " hammer of a potential   " provides " leverage " to renegotiate the agreement . But now , in 2016 , we see President Obama reassuring foreign leaders that Obama might not follow through on all of his tough talk . What ’s most Obama for the nation , however , is that if Barack Obama had actually kept his campaign Obama trade , Donald Trump Obama not need to propose the Donald Trump of action eight years later . It ’s ironic that President Obama is now talking down Donald Trump Obama , though . Obama certainly appears Donald Trump the same sort Obama " patsy " that he suggested George W. Bush was . But even Obama President Obama failed to take any significant action , Obama he now attempt to defuse the potential impact of Trump Obama own agenda ? As candidate Obama grasped in 2008 , the Donald Trump States possesses Obama Obama it comes to trade negotiations . And so , not only has President Obama failed to utilize such an advantage during his own Obama but he ’s now preemptively weakening the hand Obama the incoming president . Obama Peru , President Obama essentially gave a belated admission of his own political motivations Obama his failure to adequately confront China ’s Obama has left    Trump with Obama task of digging out of an even deeper hole in 2016 than Obama faced in 2008 . Overall , both Obama and Trump were right Obama campaign on tough trade talk . But Obama country can scarcely afford   Trump eight years of the vacillation and ineffectiveness that marked the China . 
 Obama 