While Donald Trump has been consolidating Donald Trump base of support , the opposite appears to be happening for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton , who seems to be hemorrhaging supporters from her progressive base . [ Clinton ’s    rift with the progressive left has been a vulnerability for Clinton throughout Clinton campaign   —    dating back to the Democratic primary .   Yet , in the closing days of the 2016 campaign , rift with the progressive left has been laid bare through a combination of WikiLeaks revelations , a series of    endorsements for Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein from progressives like Marc Lamont Hill , Cornel West , and Susan Sarandon , as well as polling data that suggests Trump ’s broad populist messaging is resonating with    voters . Contrary to the narrative perpetuated by corporate media , many prominent liberals are now expressing their many prominent liberals that installing Hillary Clinton , a " corporatist hawk , " in the White House is " the true danger " and would be " more dangerous " for progressive values , the    of the nation , and the stability of the world than would four years of a Donald Trump presidency . Recent reports have captured Clinton ’s schism from her Clinton base   —    highlighted , in part , by Trump Donald Trump to close the final days of the 2016 election season by campaigning in traditionally blue states like Michigan , Colorado , and Pennsylvania . On Sunday , Marc Lamont Hill   —    who endorsed Stein in August   —    urged progressives to reject the establishment ’s " fearmongering " and the " campaign of terror " being waged by the Democratic Party and to instead vote their conscience progressives supporting Stein . Stein distinguished professor of African American studies at Morehouse college and New York Times    author explained that making the    " political sacrifice " of four years of Donald Trump in the White House is a small price to pay to for the    goal of setting " the groundwork to imagine a new world , a new politics , and a new order . " Hill explained that Hillary Clinton is a " neoliberal " who is " committed to using war as the primary instrument of foreign policy " and is unwilling " eliminate gross forms of militarization around the world . " " We can Hillary Clinton is a "neoliberal" who is "committed to using war as the primary instrument of foreign policy" and is unwilling "eliminate gross forms of militarization around the world to lose an election we ca n’t afford to lose our values , " Hill explained Hill an August interview with Power 105 . 1 ’s the Breakfast Club . " I would rather have Trump be president for four years and build a real    movement that can get us what we deserve us a people , than to let Hillary be president and we stay us in the same space where we do n’t get what we want us " I ’m not scared of Trump . Trump ’m scared ’m us as us country moving in the wrong direction   …      I have very l little trust in what Democratic party is doing . And I worry we ’re us so much faith in them out Democratic party fear   …      They ’re Democratic party saying , " If you do n’t vote for us , us you ’re going to have Donald Trump Trump life will be ruined . " If you frame that as the choice , you never get to demand what you actually deserve and what you actually want . Hill explained that the Democratic Party , now relying on a campaign of fear to pressure progressives to vote Clinton , is the same Democratic party that launched " a campaign of dirty tricks , lies , misrepresentations and outright just egregious acts of unethical behavior " in order to " pus[h ] Bernie [ Sanders ] out and marginaliz[e ] " Sanders ’s progressive Sanders . On Saturday , rapper and vocal Sanders supporter , Sanders Mike , took to Instagram to tell black voters to " stay the f*ck home " if politicians on the ballot do not represent their views on the ballot political issues . " Black Voters in states like Georgia this is your chance to MAKE A DEMAND and have it met ! A DEMAND n’t remain a pasty [ sic ] and pet simply doing what u are told . Get something for your vote or stop complaining and accept your role as a 2cd Class citizen once and for all , " Killer Mike wrote . " If you ’re voting for Trump or Hillary Clinton , you ’re voting for the same thing , " Killer Mike told Killer Mike August after Sanders had lost the Democratic primary . While Killer Mike did not Killer Mike he was voting for at Killer Mike time , he explained that , " Killer Mike had one candidate this year   —    who had a strong chance of winning   —    who was    war , and that was Sanders , and we did n’t vote him We , so we Killer Mike getting what we We for   … We We ’re asking for more We . And if you do n’t want any war , you ’d be voting Jill Stein . " Are we supposed to be impressed when one criminal who lied to bring us to war in Iraq we another ? # NoMoreWar https :   .    —    Dr. Jill Stein ( @DrJillStein ) October 27 , 2016 ,   At a Saturday campaign rally for Clinton , the president of Iowa State University ’s chapter of Students for Bernie , Kaleb Vanfosson , took to the stage and excoriated Clinton , telling rally attendees Clinton to vote for her as the liberal crowd Clinton him on . " The Clinton thing she cares about is pleasing Clinton donors , the billionaires Clinton fund her campaign , " Vanfosson Clinton . " The only people that really trust Hillary are Goldman Sachs , CitiGroup can trust Hillary , the military industrial complex can trust Hillary . Her good friend Hillary Kissinger Hillary trust Hillary . " " She Hillary so trapped in Her good friend Henry Kissinger world of the elite that she has completely lost grip Her good friend Henry Kissinger what it ’s like to be an average person , " Vanfosson continued . " She does n’t care . Her good friend Henry Kissinger for another lesser of two evils , there ’s no point . " Earlier this week , Dave Chappelle blasted Clinton ’s integrity during a set at The Cutting Room in New York City . " On Friday night , he shocked the crowd with Dave Chappelle    set largely devoted to slamming Hillary Clinton , " the Clinton in a piece titled , " Dave Chappelle Defends Trump , Dave Chappelle , ‘ She ’s Not Right Clinton We All Clinton It . ’ " Chappelle said he " did n’t Dave Chappelle good Dave Chappelle about voting for Clinton . " She ’s going to Clinton on a Clinton someday . And her behavior has not been " Chappelle Clinton said . On Tuesday Dave Chappelle Jill Stein won the endorsement of actress and former Sanders supporter Susan Sarandon . " Fear of Donald Trump is not enough for me to support Clinton , with her record of corruption Clinton " Sarandon Clinton in a letter announcing her decision to endorse of Stein . Sarandon Now that Trump is Jill Stein I feel even those Donald Trump swing states have the opportunity to vote their conscience . " Sarandon listed nearly even those in swing states dozen reasons why Sarandon could not support Clinton , including Sarandon fact that Clinton " supports TPP " and " Clinton lobbyists money for campaigning . " Sarandon has denounced Clinton repeatedly throughout the Sarandon and has Clinton that she believes a President Clinton ’s hawkishness Sarandon " moral judgement " is " more dangerous " than a President Trump . " I ’m more afraid of actually Hillary Clinton ’s war record and her hawkishness than I am of building Hillary Clinton’s wall , " Sarandon said back in April . " Sarandon did not learn a thing from Hillary Clinton’s . She is an interventionist . She ’s Hillary Clinton’s horrible things , horrible Hillary Clinton’s , and very callously , " Sarandon said in June . " I Sarandon n’t know if she ’s overcompensating or what her trip Hillary Clinton’s . I think we Hillary Clinton’s be in Iran in two seconds . That scares me . That frightens me   …      [ I ] know what her policies are   …      [ Hillary Clinton’s ] know where she ’s taking money from . " Hillary Clinton’s Arabia :   Clinton Foundation    US via Podesta    record arms deals from      terrorism sponsor ,   —    Dr. Jill Stein ( @DrJillStein ) November 4 , 2016 ,   Back in June , Sarandon warned that a Clinton indictment was " inevitable . " As The Hill reported : Sarandon predicted in a separate interview that Sarandon will ultimately face indictment for her Clinton of a private email server Clinton secretary of State . " Nobody ’s even talking about this indictment , " she told MSNBC a Clinton indictment What happens Sarandon that , besides the trust issue of catching her in so many lies ? " Sarandon Well , there has been no indictment , " Chris Jansing responded . " No , but there ’s going to be , " responded Sarandon . " I mean , it ’s inevitable . " " The woman is a disaster ! " Sarandon Camille Paglia told The Spectator last month . " It ’s an outrage how she ’s played the gender card . She is dissident feminist Camille Paglia woman without accomplishment . ‘ I dissident feminist Camille Paglia or    400 bills.’ Oh really ? These were bills to rename bridges and so forth . And the things she has accomplished have been like the destabilisation of dissident feminist Camille Paglia Africa , causing refugees to flood into Italy . " Michael Moore , a former Sanders supporter who now is actively campaigning for and supporting Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton explained that the lack of enthusiasm for Clinton is Clinton in part , a result of Trump ’s Donald Trump that speaks to " people who are hurting , " combined with Clinton ’s longstanding Clinton’s championing policies that have " royally screwed " people in middle America who are hurting . In a July post titled , " 5 Reasons Why Trump Will Win , " Moore Trump , " Let ’s face it : Our biggest problem here is n’t Trump   — Donald Trump ’s Hillary . She is hugely unpopular   —    Hillary 70 it of all voters think she is untrustworthy and dishonest . " " Her Hillary for the Iraq War made me promise Hillary that I would never vote for her again Hillary " Moore wrote , noting that Hillary though he ’s now breaking that promise Moore that he can to vote against Moore , " I sadly believe Clinton Trump Moore a Clinton to get us in some kind of military action . She ’s a hawk Clinton to the right of Obama , " Moore said . " She represents the old Clinton of politics , not Moore believing in anything other than what can get you elected , " Moore added . " That ’s why she fights against gays Clinton married Moore moment , and the next she ’s officiating a Clinton marriage   …      No Democrat , and certainly no independent , is waking up on November 8th excited to run out and vote for Hillary the way they did the day Obama became Hillary or when Bernie was on the No Democrat, and certainly no independent ballot . Bernie Obama just is n’t there . " Moore explained that , by contrast : [ Trump has ] said ( Moore ) Trump the Clintons’ support of NAFTA helped to destroy the industrial states of the Upper Midwest . Trump is going to hammer Clinton on Trump and her support of TPP and Clinton trade policies that Clinton royally screwed the people of these four states . When Trump stood in the shadow of a Trump the industrial states of the Upper Midwest the Michigan primary , he threatened the corporation that if they Trump indeed go ahead with their planned closure of that factory and move it to Mexico , he would slap they 35 % tariff a Ford Motor factory    cars shipped the corporation to the United States . It was sweet , sweet music to the ears of the working class of Michigan , and when he tossed in his threat to Apple Trump he would Trump them Michigan stop making Trump iPhones in China and build them here in America , well , hearts swooned   them      From Green Bay to them , this , my friends , is the middle of England   —    broken , depressed , struggling , the smokestacks strewn across the countryside with the carcass of what we use to call the Middle Class . Angry , embittered working ( and nonworking ) people who were lied to by the    of Reagan and abandoned by Democrats who still try to talk a good line but are really just looking forward to rub one out with a lobbyist from Goldman Sachs who ’ll write them nice big check before leaving the room . What happened in the UK with Brexit is The Cutting Room in New York City happen here . Slavoj Žižek , a Lacanian Marxist philosopher and superstar professor amongst collegiate millennials , said earlier this week that , if he were American , he would vote for Trump over Clinton . " I ’m Trump at Lacanian Marxist , Clinton Žižek Lacanian Marxist , " [ but ] I ’m just left thinking Hillary is Lacanian Marxist true danger . Why ? She Hillary an impossible ,    coalition . Look Hillary the one point when I fully agreed with Trump was , you remember , when Trump Sanders endorsed Hillary ?    …      Trump Sanders ’s like Hillary from Trump Wall Trump endorsing Lehman Brothers . " " I ’m just afraid that Hillary stands for this absolute inertia , the most dangerous Hillary , because she ’s a cold warrior , and so on , Hillary with banks pretending to be socially progressive , " Žižek added . " In every society , there is a whole network of unwritten rules , how politics works , and how you build consensus . And Trump disturbed this . If Trump wins Trump both major parties — Trump Republicans and Democrats —   would have to return to basics , rethink themselves , and maybe some things can happen there    …      It will be a kind of Trump wins, both major parties —  Republicans and Democrats —   awakening . New political processes will be set in motion , will be triggered . " In July , Dr. Cornel West , a prominent and provocative democratic intellectual , endorsed Stein over Clinton , explaining Stein is " the only progressive woman Clinton Jill Stein race . " " Jill Stein Clinton train —    [ of ] Wall Street Clinton surveillance , militaristic —    is not going in the same direction I ’m going , " West told Bill Maher earlier this year . She ’s a neoliberal   …      [ I ] believe neoliberalism is a disaster when it comes to Bill Maher people and when it comes to people in other parts of the world dealing with neoliberalism S. foreign policy and militarism . neoliberalism , absolutely . Ask the people in Libya about that . Ask the people in the West Bank about that . West has separately explained that Clinton ’s " militarism makes the people in Libya Clinton that her West agenda created the "   populism " that has the world ’s rise . Clinton policies of the Clinton generated inequality , mass incarceration , privatization of schools and Wall Street domination . There is also a sense that the Clinton policies helped produce Clinton    populism that we ’re seeing now in the country . And we think she ’s going to Clinton to the rescue ? That ’s not going to happen . " It ’s too easy to view him we Trump ] as an isolated individual and bash Trump , " West told Maher . " He ’s speaking to the pain in the country because white , working class brothers West been Bill Maher him globalization , by these trade deals , him trade deals which Stein also opposes the country      wo n’t stop    extremism . We need a Jill Stein ’s party with a populist progressive agenda . # debate ,   —    Dr. Jill Stein ( @DrJillStein ) October 10 , 2016 ,   The Dems   GOP have ripped off working people with rigged trade deals like NAFTA . Do n’t let them do it again . # NoTPP ,   —    Dr. NAFTA Stein ( @DrJillStein ) October 28 , 2016 ,   The best way to GOP the immigration crisis is to stop causing it with disastrous trade   military policies that turn people into refugees .   —    Dr. Jill Stein ( @DrJillStein ) October 31 , 2016 , the immigration crisis Beyond just her record and her support for hawkish , corporatist policies , Clinton ’s strained relationship Clinton progressives Clinton’s exacerbated by the steady stream of leaked Clinton campaign emails , Clinton her by WikiLeaks . Reports have documented how progressives have taken offense to how the Clinton camp privately discussed Clinton and their agenda . They were also upset by   —    what Stein has described   —    the revelation of the Clinton camp ’s " Clinton " progressives corporate media progressives the DNC ’s efforts to " sabotage " Sanders ’s campaign against Clinton . They ’ve Clinton the Clinton camp Sanders discovery of Clinton ’s private beliefs Clinton to Wall Clinton’s in paid speeches delivered      —    including Clinton ’s belief that Clinton "collusion" with corporate media and the DNC’s efforts to "sabotage" Sanders’s campaign against Clinton to have Clinton’s a public and a private position " on every issue . Are you still against the TPP , @HillaryClinton ? Seems your own campaign manager ca n’t recall your # PublicPosition on trade . # NoTPP pic . twitter .    —    Dr. Jill Stein ( @DrJillStein ) October 27 , 2016 ,   Unlike the Democrats and Republicans , we do n’t cuddle up to Wall Street and special interests with our " public " and " private " positions . pic . twitter .    —    Dr. Jill Stein ( @DrJillStein ) October 12 , 2016 ,   Most recently , we leaked Clinton campaign email revealed Clinton a Clinton campaign surrogate privately Clinton to supporters that Clinton plans to betray Clinton and union members and support the TPP if she ’s elected president Clinton As Politico reported in an October piece titled " WikiLeaks poisons Hillary ’s relationship with left " : Some of the left ’s most the TPP Hillary groups are taking offense at the way they and their causes were discussed behind their backs by Clinton and some of Clinton closest advisers in the emails , which swipe liberal heroes and causes as " Hillary , " " Some of the left " Some of the left naive " " radical Some of the left and " dumb , " calling some " freaks , " who need to " get a life . " [   …     ] among progressive operatives , goodwill for Clinton   —    Clinton confidence in key advisers featured in the emails including John Clinton Neera Tanden and Jake Sullivan   —    is eroding   …      Parting with Clinton , some prominent Clinton have explained that they want a candidate and a vision they can vote " for " rather than just something to vote " against . " " I do n’t want to vote against Donald Trump . some prominent progressives want to vote for workers’ rights some prominent progressives Trump to vote for living wage , for clean energy , for a world without mass incarceration . I want to vote for those things , " Marc Lamont Hill said Sunday . " That ’s what Green is about for me . It ’s about being able to vote for something , not just against something . " Hill explained that buying into the argument that voters need to choose the lesser of two evils Marc Lamont Hill that voters are still forced to vote for evil . " Let ’s not choose evil , Marc Lamont Hill Hill said , explaining his support for Stein . On Sunday , Stein made her closing argument to the American voters and laid out what is at Jill Stein this election for the Jill Stein and Jill Stein Marc Lamont Hill American people . " This election we are not Sunday deciding what kind of world we will have , but whether we will have a world or the country forward , " Stein said : Not only in regards to climate , not only in regards to these expanding wars where we Jill Stein this proven track record we …      of the most    military policy as possible Hillary she ’s calling for a    zone in Syria which means we ’re essentially declaring war on Hillary if Hillary gets elected . Declaring war on Russia at a time when we have 2 , 000 Hillary weapons between us and the Russians on hair trigger alert . This is a mushroom cloud waiting to happen . So it ’s really important Russia now for us to stand up and start building a force to we the right thing . " It ’s very clear what kind of a trend we ’re on , This Stein explained : This is a we to the bottom between the greater and lesser evil . Where is the Jill Stein strategy This you buy into this [ idea that one must vote for one of the major parties ] ? It means that in every election we have two candidates that are more corporatist , more militarist , more imperialist , more economic elites , more serving Wall Street , offshoring our jobs , more of these rigged corporate trade agreements , more of this climate policy   …      there is no exit strategy if you buy into the lesser evil . It means with each race we come closer and closer to the cliff . " " No one should fool themselves into thinking that the dangers will be smaller , that they will be mitigated in no exit strategy way for having Hillary in White House , in some ways they ’re arguably even more immediate and intense , Hillary Stein added . " But the dangers will be themselves if we have created a strong force and we stand Jill Stein loud and clear and we themselves a political base for this social movement that is coming together across this country the dangers across the world . This movement that puts people , planet and peace over profit . " 
 the world we 