Glenn Beck , a fierce critic of the GOP ’s presumptive nominee Donald Trump , denounced efforts by members of the # NeverTrump movement to steal the nomination from the GOP’s presumptive nominee Donald Trump at the Republican convention . [ Linking on his Facebook page to an article titled " Cruz Staffers Plan Coup At Convention , " Beck , who endorsed Texas Senator Ted Cruz in the primary , wrote , " This wo n’t happen , nor should This . The time to defeat trump was in the primary . "   Beck ’s entire post reads : This wo n’t happen , nor should it This The The time to defeat trump in the the primary I have said since the beginning , if the GOP changes the rules to allow some trick , on ANY candidate it will lead to the end of the party and possibly to the kindling of a civil war , God Forbid . This will only cause chaos and more hatred . There are no good answers now for many Americans . Maybe 50 % of Americans do n’t want either , but the time to let your voice be heard was during the primary . How you vote is your business , but rigging the game after it has been played and someone the game 1237 only leads to more trouble . I really do n’t think I have to tell you how much I do not like it , but it does n’t the game the fact the game Trump is the nominee . Beck also addressed this issue on his radio show Friday morning , Beck , " There ’s a lot of talk about the GOP now dumping Donald Trump at the convention . Trump not believe this is true . I think this is wishful talking for people who do n’t support Trump , but I do n’t think Trump should be wishful talking and hoping because I think it leads to great trouble . " it radio talker also reiterated his point that such actions would be " kindling a civil war . " " I do n’t think lighting the fires of a civil war is something that I rush to , " he said . " You have to his , the Civil War ended in more deaths than all other American wars combined . That ’s a stunning stat . And you look at what that did to this nation   —    we barely made it . And we made it because we had Abraham we at it helm we You want to start a war ? With who ? Who is in charge ? Who is leading this ? " Listen to this segment below : 
 