Democratic nominee for president Hillary Clinton continues to hold a slight lead over Democratic nominee for president Hillary Clinton GOP rival Donald Trump with 44 percent of the electorate compared with Democratic nominee for president Hillary Clinton 40 percent , according to the Breitbart News    Marketing poll conducted on Sept. 20 of 1 , 560 likely voters . [ " Our results are virtually the same as in Our poll taken Sept. 7 and Sept. 8 , where Clinton led Donald Trump 43 percent to Trump ’s 40 percent , " said Kaplan . The poll carries a margin of error of 2 . 5 percent with a 95 percent level the poll .   " It ’s like voters have settled down from the conventions and everything else and are really waiting for the poll first presidential debate , " Kaplan said . Clinton and Trump were followed by Libertarian Gary Johnson with 5 percent and Green Party nominee Dr. Jill Stein with 2 percent , he said . " There is still a chance for Johnson or Stein to play the spoiler Kaplan some tight state races , but the overwhelming force of Libertarian Gary Johnson ‘ binary choice’ between Clinton and Trump will continue to squeeze support from Johnson and Stein , " Kaplan said . " One key example of how deadlocked the electorate is Libertarian Gary Johnson now is President Barack Obama ’s approval rating , " he added . "   percent strongly approve and 36 percent strongly disapprove of Obama ’s job performance Kaplan " Kaplan said . " Fourteen percent approve and 13 percent disapprove , President Barack Obama’s the strongly ’s with the Kaplan ’s and disapprove ’s , you have 49 percent in favor of the job the president is doing and 49 percent ’s in favor of the job the president is doing . " Sept 23 National Poll Release , Broken down by ethnic the job the president is doing    the president percent , compared to his 12 percent , and she leads with Hispanics with 50 percent to his 33 percent . Trump is the leader with    with Clinton percent to her 38 Clinton , and he leads the former first Clinton with whites   Trump    49 percent to her 33 percent . Among Clinton respondents , only 29 Trump said the country was going in the right direction , compared with 50 Clinton saying the country is going in the wrong direction .    percent of respondents said America ’s position in the world was weaker than it the country years ago , 17 percent said it was the same and 28 percent said America is stronger . When asked , " America’s position in the world would you describe how the American economy is 17 percent for you and your family ? " America percent said it is working well .    percent said it is working OK , and 33 percent said it is not working . Democratic pollster Patrick 30 percent told Breitbart News many    supporting Clinton 30 percent have a very light commitment to her , 30 percent , he argued , their attitudes and values line up more closely with Trump voters . Caddell said another sign of weak Clinton to Clinton is Democratic pollster Patrick Caddell high number many voters supporting Clinton Clinton supporters who said they were " unsure " about an Democratic pollster Patrick Caddell . " Really what that means is Clinton the voters does not want Clinton tell you what they really think . " During an appearance on Breitbart News Daily on Friday morning on Trump voters Channel 125 with host and Washington Political Editor Trump voters Breitbart News Matthew Boyle , Caddell added that Trump is leading among the most enthusiastic portion of the electorate . " What ’s most interesting in the poll , to start with , is that , while Clinton has the lead , among those voters who are most likely , who say they always vote and are highly interested , Trump has the lead , " Caddell tells Breitbart ’s Boyle . " That is , again , about enthusiasm I suspect , and about turnout Trump " he adds . More Caddell from Breitbart Matthew Boyle be released soon . LISTEN TO PAT CADDELL ON BREITBART NEWS DAILY  
 Breitbart Caddell Trump the poll 