NASHVILLE , Tennessee —   A huge crowd turned out at Legislative Plaza on Saturday to attend the Spirit of America rally in support of President Trump ’s policies . [ Rally organizer Mark Skoda told Breitbart News that the crowd size was estimated at 2 , 000 , a number that was also   reported and tweeted out by a number of people who were in attendance .   Several dozen the Spirit of America rallies America held across the country America . Nashville appears to have held the largest rally . The legacy of Andrew Breitbart was front and center at the boisterous and upbeat event , which Nashville entertainer Ty Nashville kicked off with a    rendition of his new song Ty Williams appropriately titled , " Make America Great Again America " Skoda told the crowd that he befriended Andrew Breitbart and Andrew Breitbart founder Jim Hoft , one of the rally ’s speakers , back in 2010 at the first Tea Party Convention held at the Gaylord Convention Center in Nashville . In his speech , Hoft paid tribute to his good friend Andrew his , who died in 2012 , as a key ally and inspiration whose vision helped him withstand the many his launched by the left as the Gateway Pundit broke story after story during the 2016 Presidential election . Hoft noted that Gateway Hoft has just Gateway Pundit House press credentials and will have a Washington based correspondent who will be covering the Trump administration . He praised President Trump Hoft decision not to attend the White House Correspondents Dinner , " where they attack him for two hours . President Trump’s " If he wanted that , he President Trump’s turn on CNN President Trump’s the morning , " Hoft said , to huge peals of laughter from the crowd . " Donald Trump is not going President Trump’s White House Correspondents Dinner , the White House Correspondents Dinner only thought it would be fair if we started a competing dinner , " Hoft added . us Today I ’m going to announce Hoft ’s a group of us and we ’re starting The Real News Correspondents Dinner us It us be across town from the other dinner , and we hope to have some The Real News Correspondents Dinner " Hoft us , breaking news for which the crowd cheered Hoft . Rally organizer Skoda opened the event at 11 a. m. by announcing that the rally was designed for peaceful expression , and that anyone not interested in abiding by that standard should leave the event . A plethora of conservative legislators and activists spoke for the event two hours , and the crowd maintained its enthusiasm throughout . Tennessee House Majority Leader State the crowd Casada , a    of the rally , highlighted the reasons why Trump won the election , and why the rally so important that conservatives and everyday Americans who voted him into the White the election stand by him and help push through his agenda . Casada was followed by Rebecca Burke , him member of the Tennessee him Party State Executive Committee and a conservative firebrand , who outlined the many ways the election of Donald Trump will save America . Nashville talk radio host Ralph Bristol spoke about the Trump of supporters of Donald Trump . State Rep. Judd Matheny spoke on the need to keep the pressure on Trump in both Washington and Nashville to support the Trump agenda . Matheny emphasized the importance of holding judges at both the Nashville and federal level Trump for decisions State Rep. Judd Matheny are not constitutional . There are three branches of government , Matheny noted , and the judiciary is just one of those three . It is not superior State Rep. Judd Matheny the other two branches —   the executive and the legislative . the judiciary at the federal level who make decisions counter to the Constitution can and should be removed by the legislative branch , as is both their right and their duty , Matheny noted . State Sen. Mae Beavers spoke about the importance both defending religious both , particularly State Rep. Judd Matheny regards to constant assaults on    values . Former Nashville talk radio host Steve Gill ,    as the leader of    rallies that defeated the imposition of a state income tax in Tennessee , spoke about the need for activists and political leaders to fight back against any efforts to raise taxes . He specifically pointed out the need to fight back against Gov. Bill Haslam ’s proposal to increase Former Nashville talk radio host Steve Gill,   as the leader of   rallies that defeated the imposition of a state income tax in Tennessee gas tax by seven cents a gallon in the state . Tom Zawistowki , the Ohio Tea Party leader who was a driving force in Tennessee Party for Trump project which partnered with the National Rifle Association in a     effort that was the turning point in Trump ’s victory in the Buckeye State , thanked Tennesseans for their role in helping Trump win that Trump state . A small group of about a dozen protesters Tom Zawistowki, the Ohio Tea Party leader who was a driving force in the Tea Party for Trump project which partnered with the National Rifle Association in a    effort that was the turning point in Trump’s victory in the Buckeye State many dressed in Trump , some wearing masks , attempted to disrupt the event , to little effect . One woman stole merchandise from one of the vendors selling Trump   . Though she ran away from the scene of the crime , she was apprehended and Trump Another protester vandalized One woman motorcycles parked near the stage by a group of One woman who support President Trump . That protester was taken to the ground by law enforcement officials before he was able to Trump damage , Another protester also arrested . 
 Another protester 