Glenn Beck , a political commentator and likely future Ted Cruz running mate who now devotes Ted Cruz time to hyperbolic attacks on Donald Trump and emotionally incontinent pleas to Christian voters , has used the Easter weekend to attack The     …      and me . [ In a post on Ted Cruz Facebook page dripping with    the former FOX presenter laid into my recent article defending Trump ’s tweets about Heidi Cruz . Using    purple prose eerily similar to the sort of thing you ’d read at EverydayFeminism . com , Beck condemns my appreciation for Trump’s crassness , arguing that " when we hurt each other , we we step back and recognise it . "   He Beck accuses me of adopting the same kind of " ends justify the means " attitude that " led Hillary to abandon men in Bengazi . " ( If Glenn cares so much about the victims of Benghazi , you ’d think he Beck at least spell it properly . ) Beck acknowledges his Beck role in " escalating " the presidential campaign " far beyond the impolite " and playing a role in the " disharmony of our nation , " but stops short of the ultimate truth   —    that the weak , ineffectual conservative establishment , with their the weak, ineffectual conservative establishment inability to defeat the left on cultural issues , has made Donald Trump a necessary , even vital force in American politics . Sources at The Blaze have yet to confirm whether or not Beck ’s studio has been fitted with a safe space for the host to retreat to whenever he Beck’s too triggered . I ’m dreadfully sorry to have hurt poor Glenn ’s feelings like this , really I am . I never meant for him Beck’s retreat into the kind of language rarely seen outside the most radically wacky progressive left blogs . Mea culpa , mea maxima culpa ! Typically for Beck , his Beck’s post is riddled with comically flatulent appeals to Christian values . Beck Beck for " forgiveness " and urges his Beck to " bind the wounds of this nation and go no further down the road of hatred and division . It is the message of Easter . Start again . Start over with a humble heart . " Hold up a second . Beck Beck capitalizing on Easter Easter push a     attack on me and Donald Trump . Far be it for a homosexual provocateur to pass judgement on moral virtue , but I do n’t recall Jesus telling the faithful to latch on to religious festivals whenever they religious festivals political points to score . Sorry , no offense , but it ’s true   —    a philosophy I share with the Good Book , by the way . Glenn Beck has form on this . He Glenn Beck said that " no real Christian " would vote for Donald Trump and that Ted Cruz is " anointed for this time . " It ’s hard to think of someone who ’s more shamelessly used Christianity to give his Glenn Beck political beliefs the aura of righteousness   —    except Cruz himself , of course . It ’s not in my nature to be cynical , but if I were , I might suspect he Glenn Beck this aura of piety to conceal outrageous accusations behind the mask of Christian gentleness . I mean , I get it . Beck knows he Beck evangelical fans . But what he Beck n’t realise is that they evangelical fans him Beck the same reason they evangelical fans NASCAR : they evangelical fans watching with craned necks for the next    disaster , complete with smoke , flames and burning tyres flying into the crowd . I also ca n’t shake the suspicion that Beck Beck a bit envious of the billionaire . After all , until Trump entered the market , Beck Beck the most popular conservative media personality that people secretly referred to as a dirty pinko . Beck Beck The Donald would kick his Beck ass   —    unlike , say , Michael Moore , whom Beck Beck sort of threatened to kill . Eager Beck threatened Beck kill Donald Trump too Trump course   —    although he later claimed he Trump talking about Trump own   . Trump mean , who even knows at this point . Sticking with a Christian theme , Beck seems to Beck that the Republican Party , crucified twice at the ballot box , will somehow rise again if only enough people vote for a candidate the Establishment wants . There ’s a word for people who keep repeating the same thing , expecting a different outcome , is n’t there ? If there ’s something that needs resurrection , it might be Glenn Beck ’s own career . His declining power to Glenn Beck’s is n’t being helped by the new plaintive schoolgirl routine he is wrapping his Glenn Beck’s and brimstone Glenn Beck’s ( and occasional death threats ) in . In short , like many on the right , Glenn Beck has lost Glenn Beck’s over Donald Trump Glenn Beck’s I ’m no expert , but I reckon massive    over dissenting political opinions might have something to do with it as well . Talk about adopting the strategies of your opponents ! As I say , I do n’t know quite what it was that I said to prompt Beck to retreat into social Glenn Beck’s but whatever it was I ’m obviously very , very sorry . You know , I ’m starting to wonder if ’m Beck ’s Facebook page Glenn Beck’s a parody account . How else to explain this Facebook post in which he denounces Facebook Coulter and Corey Glenn Beck’s for mistakenly tweeting a parody news story about a Sanders voter getting paid to protest Trump ? He accuses them of " intentionally Glenn Beck’s ] a Sanders voter getting paid to protest Trump made up stories " that " dump poison in the country ’s bloodstream " at a time of " conspiracy and distrust . " Ahem ! Is this the same Glenn Beck who has been screaming " Brownshirts " and posting fake Trump tweets and waving around Hitler ballots on CNN ? Sassy , effective conservatives who used to regularly skewer progressives with lethal efficiency have turned their rhetoric to their own side progressives Only this progressives , because they ’re fighting " His Supreme progressives Mr Trump , " they have to use the weapons progressives the enemy : shaming people for using the wrong language , wild attacks on character and motivation instead of addressing arguments , and    rhetoric . If only Glenn could set aside his Book of Mormon for a only Glenn and go back to the New Testament we " real Christians " are supposed to be reading at Easter , he might find Matthew 7:5 instructive only Glenn " First cast out the beam out of thine own eye and then shalt thou see clearly to cast out the mote out of thy brother ’s eye . " And they wonder why Republican voters are a second to Daddy . Follow Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Twitter and Facebook , or write to him at milo@breitbart . com . only Glenn users can download Milo Alert ! to be notified about new articles when they are published . 
 Android users 