Tuesday on CNN ’s " New Day , " political analyst and USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers declared the questions being raised over Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton had " an element of sexism . "   USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers said , " I guess I have to ask why is there any concern about USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers health ? And the only reason there is any concern about her health is because Donald Trump has sort of started his Donald Trump on Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton health . There ’s nothing to suggest USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers does n’t have stamina . I mean , honestly , I do n’t even know if I could do the schedule that USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers keeps . There ’s nothing to suggest that USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers has any kind of problems with USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers stamina , with USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers health , with USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers mental health . " USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers continued , " There ’s nothing   —    there ’s nothing to suggest that USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers ’s having any problems healthwise . And so , even this picture that ’s been circulating where somebody ’s helping USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers up the stairs , OK , so what if USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers fell down ? Or there ’s another email from Sidney Blumenthal where he refers to Sidney Blumenthal getting rest because USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers ’s not feeling well and at the end of it he says get Sidney Blumenthal . Well , nobody says get well to somebody who ’s seriously ill . That ’s not what you say . So the things that they ’re pointing to I do n’t Sidney Blumenthal support it . And , honestly , I think there ’s an element of sexism to this . " USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers added , " The way that they ’ve talked they USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers , you know   —    the way you watch Drudge posting things about granny and grandma . Well , Donald Trump ’s a grandpa so what ’s the idea here ? That someone , because USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers ’s a woman and USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers ’s a grandma , that USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers ’s frail ? But he ’s this Donald Trump person who , according to the doctor , is in astonishingly excellent health , which is already , in itself , a kind of strange thing for a doctor to be saying . So I think that it ’s a really low blow attack against USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers . " (   RCP Video ) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 