Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke was strongly critical of President Obama ’s decision to issue a record number of pardons to felons , and the sentencing reform bill currently making its way through Congress , during Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke appearance on Friday ’s Breitbart News Daily . [ " I do n’t understand why the elites in the Republican Party are all about the sentencing reform bill currently making its way through Congress, during his appearance on Friday’s Breitbart News Daily , " SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon added . " Are both sides working against the    people , and    communities , and the middle class ? "   " First of all , from the side of the Democrats , they ’ve the Democrats been " Clarke replied . " They ’ve the Democrats had sympathy for the criminal element . They see the Democrats criminals as having been wronged somewhere in their life the criminals They blame the Democrats and discrimination for their criminal the Democrats . Nothing could be further from the truth . " " As for the GOP that has gotten behind this sentencing reform and criminal justice reform , when I was up on the Hill , helping Senator Tom Cotton and Senator Jeff Sessions push back against it   this sentencing reform and criminal justice reform    for the GOP that has gotten in bed with this sleazy movement of    it ’s about being viewed by the Left , they think that the Left the Left them , if they feign some they toward one of these causes , " he continued . one of these causes This is being pushed by the Democrats . This is something This Obama truly wants , this criminal justice reform . It ’s something This wants in President Obama legacy , President Obama I do n’t know why anybody in the GOP would get into bed with the Democrats to the Democrats anything else , President Obama Clarke said . " Obama is the only President Obama in U. S. history that has visited a federal prison , " he observed . " President Obama , in Wisconsin here this week , we just hosted a camp . It ’s called the COPS Camp , Concerns Of Police Survivors . These are kids whose the COPS Camp, Concerns Of Police Survivors has been killed in the line of duty . You think Obama would take time President Obama to visit that camp ? Of a camp . He ’s got to President Obama some political angle to something , and that ’s something like this sentencing reform bill . " Clarke described House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) as a friend , but said " he wants to show that House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) Congress , this GOP Congress , at least the House , can get something done . So that ’s why they ’re willing to sacrifice this Congress, this GOP Congress, at least the House, can get something done get in bed with the Democrats on this sentencing reform bill . this sentencing reform bill are so disconnected in Congress , this Congress, this GOP Congress, at least the House, can get something done complained . " What Congress me to House Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) Trump , we have to break up this Washington cartel . They are so disconnected from what ’s going on this Congress, this GOP Congress, at least the House, can get something done here at ground level , and what we really need . Here ’s what we want we ground level : we want safer we , we want a closed we , we want safer we , we want jobs . we want them to get we economy going . we what jobs they focusing on ? A    bill . " jobs This is staggering , " Clarke said . " It ’s people like me and others that have This , we ’re done with the Washington way , we we done with these elitists , we ’re we with the donor class , we we done with the Party elites . We we this country back . We have to we up this cartel , and we Trump is the only one that tapped into that . " " Any of those 16 candidates that he beat in the primary could have tapped into Donald Trump voter anger , and they did n’t , so shame on them , that voter anger he declared .   To the that voter anger movement within Donald Trump Republican Party , Clarke said , " Do n’t take that out on Donald Trump . Take that out on your candidates Donald Trump not being able to connect with the American voter . " Bannon asked if the elites in both parties understand that the real victims of these " jailbreak bills " are the very same minorities they claim to sympathize with . " The Democrats , the real victims of these "jailbreak bills" of all , as a party   —    because there are Democrats that are going to vote for Trump   —     have always been " Clarke replied . " They always go after these lagging groups , these disparate The Democrats, first of all, as a party  —   because there are Democrats that are going to vote for Trump  —     . Their constituents see the patchwork of these lagging groups , The Democrats, first of all, as a party  —   because there are Democrats that are going to vote for Trump  —     try to form a coalition to keep them in political power . So they have to take up the the patchwork of some lagging groups of some things that are the patchwork of some lagging groups outside the mainstream . Criminality is way outside the mainstream . They know it , but they do n’t care the mainstream " If they truly cared , the They as a party , if they truly They about the lives of black people   —    first They all , they would have been on board in terms of defunding Planned Parenthood , They he said . " Planned Parenthood has aborted more black babies than any other demographic . As a matter of fact , I ca n’t remember the year   —    2012 , 2014 , do n’t hold me to the year   —    in New York City , more black babies were aborted than were born . " " If Democrats as a party truly cared about black lives , they would unshackle these kids from these failing public schools in these American Democrats as a party truly cared about black lives , and they ’d get behind things like school choice and the voucher program , Democrats as a party truly cared about black lives Donald Trump has vowed to do , to give these struggling parents a chance to break this generational cycle of poverty , by getting their kids a great education , " Clarke urged . " If the these struggling parents Party truly cared about the lives of black people , they would support the police , who are the only group that goes the Democrat Party truly cared about the lives of black people a daily basis down into these    ghettos , to protect who ? The lives of good ,    black and brown people . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 