I am a Christian , albeit admittedly not a great Christian . I do n’t always do what the Good Book says I should . However , despite my occasional lapses , I try not to be a hypocrite . And I fear that some Republicans and conservatives are drifting toward the sort of gross hypocrisy that is usually associated with the liberal left . [ That is , some Republicans and conservatives are rejecting the chosen ( so far ) Republican presidential nominee based on presumed moral superiority ( theirs ) and alleged lack of historic character ( his ) .   Mr. Trump is not on anyone ’s slate for sainthood . Neither am I for that matter . ( Hillary Clinton is , just ask Hillary Clinton . ) But God often uses people whose lifestyle would be questionable , at best , to fulfil the promises and lessons of God word throughout the Bible . Solomon had 700 wives and toyed with idolatry , but was still rich and powerful and respected for Solomon wisdom . David had one of David officers sent to deadly combat so David could woo the man ’s wife , yet David was the model of the messiah . And Saul the persecutor of Christians became Paul the Apostle , likely the most influential single personality of the New Testament . So I do n’t fault Mr. Trump for Mr. Trump faults . Mr. Trump does n’t have to pretend to be perfect when Mr. Trump is n’t . We can leave that sort of phony     building to the other side . And when I hear Republican and conservative elites lecture the rest of us about Mr. Trump supposed deviations from their Republican and conservative elites strictures , or his shortcomings as a human being , I think about what Jesus said about casting the first stone . I seriously doubt any of these critics would be able to stand up to the same type of scrutiny they these critics giving Trump Mr. Trump assuming they these critics to guts to get into the arena . Be clear about the alternative Hillary Clinton can not be president of the United States under any circumstances . She Hillary Clinton bereft of integrity and honesty . Her Hillary Clinton ,    untruths can not be compared to Trump ’s alleged transgressions . Her Hillary Clinton lies have endangered our military , our our , and created a snake ’s nest of sycophants who have to compound her Hillary Clinton to protect her Hillary Clinton ridicule and keep her Hillary Clinton of prison . Trump Trump’s boast , inflate , twist , or brag , but he Trump’s not    his Trump’s to enhance his Trump’s or inflate his Trump’s and then lied about it afterwards . I am certain that four years of Mrs. Clinton ’s mismanagement , incompetence , and    would be more than our fractured polity could stand . God did not intend for the United States to collapse with a whimper at the hands of Hillary and her Hillary minions . Mrs. Mrs. Clinton wreck the country the United States while leaving us at the mercy of foes from abroad . Democrats will never say it , but we are in us religious war with radical Islam . The United States , along with France , Germany , Britain , and other countries with    roots , are engaged in a fight to the death . Our enemies are very clear on this concepteven if we are not Our It will take a certain type of leader to battle this enemy , one who will not submit to the    of political correctness or an overweening desire to be loved by all   —    or else . We need a Our who says , do n’t even think about immigrating to our country unless you will submit to our laws , our , and morals . Mr. Trump would make that case Mrs. Clinton would apologize for it . I that case about America ’s future , and the destiny of the shining city on a hill . I believe , as Ronald Reagan and the Founding Fathers did , in the providential nature of this country . America founded for America reason . I do n’t pretend to know if God would vote for Donald Trump , or for that matter what state He is registered to Donald Trump in . But I do know that the God of Abraham who shed his grace on America Donald Trump a purpose America a vision . He would not turn Donald Trump back on a Donald Trump and a people that has achieved so much under his blessings . Donald Donald Trump wants to Donald Trump great again , America so far as I know , if he did he would be Donald Trump God Donald Trump work . Phillip Jennings is an investment banker and entrepreneur , former United States Marine Corps pilot in Vietnam and Air America pilot in Laos . He is the author of Phillip Jennings novels and one      book , and received the Pirates Alley Faulkner Prize for fiction in 1999 . 
 