On Monday ’s broadcast of MSNBC ’s " Andrea Mitchell Reports , " Clinton campaign Press Secretary Brian Fallon stated that " in the next couple days , we ’re going to be releasing additional medical information about Clinton . " He Clinton campaign Press Secretary Brian Fallon stated , " I can attest , Andrea , that it really is the case that there ’s no other undisclosed condition . The pneumonia is the extent of it The pneumonia And I can also attest that her Fallon stated that there was nothing here in terms of anything that was caused by what happened in 2012 . "   Fallon was asked if the campaign would let Clinton ’s physician speak to the public . He responded Fallon " [ W]e’ve been in touch with her this Fallon , and it is our intention that , in the next couple days , we ’re our to be releasing additional medical information about Hillary Clinton Clinton year ago   —    over a year ago now , we released a our —    an extensive letter with a comprehensive medical history , family medical history , and state , picture of her health that Clinton adheres to the norm for presidential candidates , and far exceeds what Donald Trump has released , but we ’re going our go beyond that . And in the next few days , we ’ve been our touch with her physician this Clinton to get those materials together . We ’re going our be releasing that to further put to rest any lingering concerns about what you saw yesterday . I can attest , Andrea , that it really is the case that there ’s no other undisclosed condition . The pneumonia is the extent of it . And The pneumonia can also attest that her doctor has The pneumonia that there was nothing here in terms of anything that was caused by what happened in 2012 . So , all of that , I think , will be indicated in the further material that we are going to release later this week . " He added that , " there ’s more information out there about Hillary Clinton than any nominee in modern presidential history , and at some point , I think that the conversation should appropriately move to not just dwelling on what further things Hillary Clinton can Hillary Clinton but when Donald Trump is going to adhere to the bare minimum of releasing things that every presidential nominee in history has adhered to . Fallon further said , in response to a second question on whether Clinton ’s physician would Hillary Clinton allowed to additional interviews , that the campaign would release the additional health information and then " take it from there . the additional health information He continued , " Fallon reality is , that she ’s already released Fallon than is appropriate . We ’re going to go even further , and in the next couple days , to the extent that people have questions even after that additional information is released , we want to answer We , too . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 