Just over 10 years ago , United States Border Patrol agents were startled by an unexpected new development in United States Border Patrol agents    battle to stop illegal immigration : Brazilians . In 2005 thousands of Brazilians started streaming across the southwestern border . More than 31 , 000 were apprehended by United States Border Patrol trying to make their way into the United States , a number surpassed only by Mexicans , Salvadorans and Hondurans . And then , just as abruptly , the flow stopped . Under pressure from Washington , Mexico reimposed a tourist visa requirement on Brazil that it had This five years before . This severed a trafficking route that started with an easy flight from Rio de Janeiro to Cancún and ended in a trek across the desert into southern Texas . In 2006 , apprehensions of Brazilians by the Border Patrol fell 95 percent , to 1 , 460 . Today few even try to sneak through . Over the last three years it has been mostly Guatemalans , Hondurans and Salvadorans who are fleeing home by the tens of thousands , hoping to cross Mexico to reach the United States . But as in 2005 , the main buffer the United the United States stop Central American immigrants from entering illegally across the border   —    its wall , as    were   —    is Mexico . Mexico is Mexico tool that the Trump administration now stands to lose . Ever since the skirmishing of the first few days of Donald J. Trump ’s presidency , when President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico canceled Mexico visit to the United States after Mr. Trump repeated that Donald J. Trump’s Mexico for his promised border wall , President Enrique Peña Nieto of Mexico officials have hoped that more serene heads in the administration might moderate some of Mr. Trump ’s more hostile Donald J. Trump’s Mexico ’s Mexico over the last three decades has been all about tying its economy with Mexico of the United States . The North American Free Trade Agreement was supposed to be its growth engine , drawing investment by The North American Free Trade Agreement companies to serve the enormous American market . Immigration north served as its pressure valve   —    allowing it to weather repeated financial crises by allowing the American job market to absorb idle the enormous American market incidentally , that also contributes to United States economic growth . As I noted in a column last month , with President Trump promising to turn his back on the United States’ southern neighbor   — President Trump renegotiating Nafta on presumably worse terms for Mexico and walling off the southwestern border   —    Mexican officials are desperately trying to convince his administration that the United States needs Mexico , too President Trump Their hopes , however , are Mexico to be dashed the United States needs Mexico, too This week , Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson and his Homeland Security counterpart , John F. Kelly , are Secretary of State Mexico to assess what sort of bilateral cooperation might be Mexico in this new era . Even before they got on the plane , new rules suggest that Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson and his Homeland Security counterpart, John F. Kelly hard line will prevail . Two memos signed by Mr. Kelly   —    guidelines for Mr. Trump ’s promised immigration crackdown   —    call for aggressively seeking out , detaining and deporting immigrants living without authorization in the United States . They order the hiring of 10 , 000 immigration enforcement Two memos signed by Mr. Kelly  —   guidelines for Mr. Trump’s and 5 , 000 Border Patrol officers , and direct Customs and Border Protection to start designing and building the wall . And in a move sure to stir Mexican outrage , the guidelines direct immigration officials to return immigrants from any country caught entering illegally to " the territory of the foreign contiguous country from which they arrived " while they await removal proceedings in the United States . And they means Mexico . Officials at the Department of Homeland Security argued that returning Central Americans to Mexico would be done only in a limited fashion , Mexico only after discussions with the government of Mexico . Somehow , it seems unlikely that a provision Mexico to reduce costs for the American government by foisting them onto Mexico will go the government of Mexico Mexico City . " Mexico would violate every agreement and convention , " said Gustavo Mohar , who formerly served as Mexico ’s top negotiator for Mr. Mohar right to demand accreditation that they are Mexico Mexican , " Mr. Mohar said . What might Mexico do in return ? Refuse to take people who Mexico n’t prove Mexican citizenship ? As a former foreign minister Mexicans Jorge Castañeda , told me , one option might be to get out of the way and let Central Americans cross Mexico unimpeded to the United States . Here ’s what Mexico at stake . Last year , Mexico returned 143 , 057 Central American migrants to their Mexico of origin . It sent home more than 59 , 000 Guatemalan migrants moving north across its territory , and repatriated nearly 48 , 000 Hondurans and 31 , 000 Salvadorans 057 Central American migrants to their countries of origin according to the International 057 Central American migrants to their countries of origin for Migration . Over all , Mexico stopped and sent back almost 057 Central American migrants to their countries of origin as many Central Mexico as the United States did . The question is , Could President Trump ’s wall replace this buffer ? History suggests the most productive policy would aim to manage immigration from poorer countries to ensure it remains legal . Trying to stop it simply pushes it underground . An immigrant    program managed by Mexico and the United States , some experts suggest , Mexico help migrants , History American workers and fulfill the needs History American employers History But even if such enlightened policy is still politically out the United States the argument for cooperation between Mexico and the United States remains powerful . These days Mexico illegal migration from American is a relatively minor problem . Apprehensions of Mexican Mexico at the border are running at their lowest since the 1970s . the United States coming north across the border than are returning home from the United States . Last year , more Central Americans than Mexicans were apprehended by the Border Patrol Mexican immigrants at the border Mexico is now mainly a passageway . Past American governments Mexico the border importance of Mexico ’s help the United States has given Mexico $ Mexico million to support immigration enforcement   Mexicans Mexico mostly in training and    gadgetry   —    and obligated $ 75 million more . Of course , Mexico does n’t do this only out of love for Mexico northern neighbor . As Mr. Mohar points out , Mexico if their final destination is the United States , tens of thousands of Central Americans marching northward can put stress on Mexican communities , too . Notably , if Mexican officials were to just wave them through , they would place enormous strains on cities along Mexico ’s northern border . And yet the new American administration might recognize that preventing Central Americans from reaching the United States imposes Mexican high political cost on the Mexican officials government . Mexican officials 2014 , when Mr. Peña Nieto announced the Southern Border Plan to tighten security around border points of entry and known migration corridors , he was the United States doing dirty work for the United States . " It became a news story in Mexico : Why are we treating Central American migrants like the United States treats Mexicans ? " said Andrew Selee , executive Mr. Peña Nieto president of the Wilson Center in Washington , the United States focused on international affairs . " The Mexican government persisted because it perceived that a migration crisis on the border the United States States could also damage Mexico , " he noted . " There were other things at stake in the relationship that it did n’t want to risk . " By threatening to build a The Mexican government and leave Nafta and do any number of things the United States Mr. Trump is changing this Mexico . If Andrew Selee, executive vice president of the Wilson Center in Washington, a research center focused on international affairs is all he has to offer , the political cost for Mexico to The Mexican government America ’s wall may prove too steep . 
 Mexico Mexico Andrew Selee, executive vice president of the Wilson Center in Washington, a research center focused on international affairs Andrew Selee, executive vice president of the Wilson Center in Washington, a research center focused on international affairs 