In the late 1990s , as President Bill Clinton was about to face the biggest sex scandal of President Bill Clinton political career over President Bill Clinton affair with Monica Lewinsky , a beauty queen named Alicia Machado caused a major scandal by gaining a large amount of weight after winning the Miss Universe crown . [ Donald Trump had just taken over the pageant , and fought to deal with the fallout .   President Bill Clinton has , for months , planned to use that episode against him President Bill Clinton training Machado for the attack . Here are the facts . 1 . Trump Donald Trump to save Machado Machado Universe title , and her President Bill Clinton . What is a sensitive feminist male boss supposed to do if a female employee   —    hired , again , for her appearance a female employee  —    —    gains a large amount of weight ? He is a female employee  —    to defend her job a female employee  —    that is exactly what Trump Donald Trump , urging the pageant not to fire her , and a female employee  —    with her at a a female employee  —    to offer support . In an excerpt from his book The a female employee  —    of the Comeback , Rush Limbaugh noted Thursday , Trump Donald Trump the episode : " First , she Donald Trump . Second , she Donald Trump fifty pounds . Third , I urged the committee not to fire her Donald Trump Fourth , I go to the gym with her Donald Trump a show of support . Final act : She Donald Trump me in the Washington Post   —    after I stood by her Donald Trump entire time . What ’s wrong with this picture ? Anyway , the best part about the evening was the knowledge that next year she Donald Trump no longer be Miss Universe . What ’s maddening is that I supported her Donald Trump " Even in Palm Beach , where I have n’t always gotten the greatest press , Shannon Donnelly , society columnist for the Palm Beach Daily News , " known here as the Shiny Sheet , " wrote , ‘ Here ’s a new one for the Donald :    for large women . His acquisition from    has put Alicia Machado under the Trump Aegis . The Donald , the Donald heart , does the Donald want to fire her because " it Alicia Machado be a terrible message to send . " He is instead bringing    to the spa Alicia Machado     where she can work out Alicia Machado earnest , eat sensibly and generally decompress.’ That sounds pretty gentlike to me . " 2 Alicia Machado A Venezuelan judge accused Machado of threatening to Alicia Machado him . From a Alicia Machado news report : " Machado , who grabbed world headlines for nearly losing her crown after a sudden weight gain , burst back into the limelight last month when lawyers named her as the getaway her for her boyfriend in a her last November    …      [ Judge Maximiliano ] Fuenmayor , who reported the alleged threats to police , said he traced the caller through an incoming call identity function on his mobile telephone . he The New York Post repored at the time that Machado " was seen driving the car in which her boyfriend , Juan Rodriguez Reggeti , sped away after shooting his     in the head in Caracas on Nov. 21 , " citing the victim ’s family ’s lawyer . ( He survived . ) the victim’s family’s lawyer denied the charges Machado which were later dropped for lack of sufficient evidence . 3 . Machado damaged her own Machado by Machado sex live on television . In 2005 , Machado appeared on The Machado , a    version of the Big Brother program . She had sex with Machado host of the show , even though she was engaged to Machado League Baseball player Bobby Abreu of the Philadelphia Phillies at the time . Abreu called off the Major League Baseball player Bobby Abreu of the Philadelphia Phillies after the humiliating episode aired on TV . Machado wrote of her Machado lover , Machado to the Sun : " He treats me like Machado goddess , he f***s me like Machado b * * * * ! " In 2006 , she became the first Machado Universe to pose nude for Playboy , appearing in Playboy Mexico . 4 Playboy The Clinton campaign has been coaching Machado for months to Machado Trump . From the Washington Post : Operatives in Brooklyn had been working with Machado since the summer Machado They had a video Operatives in Brooklyn her story ready to Machado . Cosmopolitan had a photo spread of her draped in an Machado flag   —    to go with a profile   —    in the can . Machado had also conducted Machado interview with The Guardian that was " apparently embargoed for    release , " according to Vox . And the Clinton super PAC Priorities USA turned a digital ad to highlight the insults by early afternoon . 5 . Machado did , in Machado , gain weight during her reign as Miss Machado . The Economist reported that she put on " Machado kilos within weeks of winning her title . " Machado newspapers called her " The Incredible Machado . " What was at issue was not her weight or appearance Machado but that she had just won Machado competition in which she voluntarily submitted herself Machado be judged Machado both   —    against hundreds of other contestants who would have taken her place . The Machado Sentinel wrote : " No one , of course , raised an eyebrow when Machado basically starved herself before the competition Machado But a competition in which she voluntarily submitted herself to be judged for both  —   against hundreds of other contestants who would have taken her place gained anywhere from Machado reported 22 to 50 pounds afterward , she caused quite the Machado stir . " Trump denies calling her " Miss Piggy Machado or " Miss Housekeeping , " as Machado now claims ( though Machado is on record at Trump time having called her an " eating Machado " ) . Machado told the Miami Herald Machado before the beauty pageant , " I was anorexic and bulimic , but almost all of us are . " Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See Joel B. Pollak Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 