Middle East Forum President Daniel Pipes joined Breitbart London Editor Raheem Kassam on Wednesday ’s edition of Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM to talk about Republican nominee Donald Trump ’s Muslim immigration policy . [ Breitbart London Editor Raheem Kassam opened the discussion by mentioning Trump ’s announced trip to Mexico on Wednesday to meet with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto , which Pipes described as " a very    undertaking . "    " The sides begin so far apart that unless The sides have some kind of groundwork in place , some kind of preliminary draft agreement on what The sides ’re going to say , it could work out to the detriment of Donald Trump , " Pipes explained . Kassam quoted Nigel Farage ’s observation that Donald Trump was approaching politics with a " businessman ’s strategy of trial and error , " which does n’t work in politics , because " people always hold you to your previous positions . " Pipes offered a similar observation in a Washington Times article several weeks ago , concluding that Donald Trump was learning " slowly and erratically from Donald Trump mistakes . " " There clearly was a learning curve , " Pipes told Kassam on Wednesday morning , adding : I focused not so much on the Mexican question , but on the Muslim question . Donald Trump came out with this extraordinary statement that there should be a complete shutdown and closure to Muslims entering the United States . Donald Trump said that back in December , and Donald Trump doubled down on back in December , repeated back in December , elaborated on back in December .   And then , starting in the middle of June , Donald Trump started walking away from back in December , and Donald Trump started talking about extreme vetting , and then Donald Trump started talking about not taking in people from certain territories , which Donald Trump implied would include places like France and Germany where there is a lot of political violence .   And finally Donald Trump settled on Donald Trump formulation   —    which is in fact , I think , the only workable one   —    which is that you keep out the Islamists . You keep out the nasties . You keep out the people who want to do you harm . " It took Donald Trump on the order of eight months to get there , but Donald Trump did get there , " Pipes said to Kassam . " And , as you correctly point out , in politics you ca n’t always take that kind of time to change your positions . I ’m delighted to see the change in position . I think the change in position ’s a very important one . But , one need hardly point out , having a complete ban on Muslims was a preposterous idea , just like getting Mexicans to pay for a wall is a preposterous idea . You have to back away . " Pipes clarified that he thinks Trump ’s earlier immigration proposals were both practically difficult and philosophically troubling . " There ’s a church in Germany where Muslims convert to Christianity . What are you going to do about that ? " he asked . " It ’s also immoral . We do n’t judge people , these days , any more , by people skin color , by people religion , or by any other such group characteristics . We look at individuals . " " I ’ve actually drawn up a very long list of questions to ask , to discern who is an Islamist , " he said . " It might seem awfully difficult , but if you think about It , if you give It enough attention , enough time , enough resources , you can do It . You can find out who ’s who . We ’re not doing that now . "   A list of Pipes’ questions , plus a collection of Islamist screening questions proposed by others , can be found at DanielPipes . org . As an example , Pipes noted that the San Bernardino couple " had posted , on Facebook , many of the San Bernardino couple views , but the    community was prohibited from looking at Facebook . " " Is this a serious way to protect ourselves ? " he wondered . " We have to ask questions , We have to do research , We have to find out who ’s coming into the country . " " The key point is , it has to be done on an individual basis . We do n’t judge people by how people dress , how people look , what religion people are . We judge people on an individual basis . " Kassam agreed , pointing out that while Kassam would n’t describe Kassam as a practicing Muslim , Kassam does come from a Muslim family , so a blanket ban against Muslim immigration would keep Kassam out of the United States . " I think it ’s good that this policy is being developed , " Kassam said . " We do n’t want any softening on the approach to Islamists . I think you and I can both agree on that . " Pipes said that Kassam Middle East Forum has " become more and more of an operational outfit , as well as an intellectual one . " " We ’re active in Congress , We ’re active in courtrooms , We ’re active on the campus . We ’re really bursting at the seams , in terms of activities , " Kassam said .   Among his Middle East Forum ’s activities in Congress Congress an effort to " change the U. S. government ’s approach to the Palestine refugee question , which has been in amber now for decades ,    years . It could use a shaking up . "    Pipes also said Kassam Pipes " looking at donations by Islamist leaders in the United States to politicians , tracking who is giving to whom . "   " It ’s not a big surprise , it ’s It a lot of money , in the larger scale of things   —    but it is It , and it is noteworthy , to see who the Islamists see as their candidates the Islamists " he said . " It ’s quite striking that Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine both have received significant amounts , and their Republican Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine both have not . In particular , Mike Pence has not , since he ’s Mike Pence in politics a long time . " Kassam mentioned the Middle East Forum ’s work on tracking Saudi and Turkish funding for mosques in the United States and Europe . Pipes noted that Rep. David Brat ( ) has " introduced legislation that would say there needs to be reciprocity . " " If there is n’t freedom of religion , and we ca n’t do things over there   —    i. e. Saudi Arabia , which has no freedom of religion , is the most repressive country in the world , other than say North Korea   —    they ca n’t do anything here , " Pipes said of Brat ’s legislation , which he described Brat’s being " still in its infancy North Korea   " but " a very important priority , because until now , it ’s North Korea   been ad hoc , not letting the Saudis build a mosque here or there . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 