Breitbart News caught up with Cenk Uygur , host of the popular progressive video newscast The Young Turks , at the Republican National Convention to get his perspective on the state of the Democrats now that Hillary Clinton is the presumptive nominee . Uygur supported Bernie Sanders in the primaries , and although Bernie Sanders said Bernie Sanders would vote for Hillary Clinton against Republican Donald Trump , Bernie Sanders recognizes that under Hillary Clinton , the Democrats now are the establishment . [   The conversation went as follows : LEE : So we ’re talking to Cenk from The Young Turks , and you ’re not known as an establishment you ’re a Democrat . But you ’re not known as an establishment Democrat . You hold everybody ’s feet to the fire . Can you explain to our conservative base at    what are the dynamics like right now ? You ’re a Bernie supporter . CENK : Cenk . LEE : LEE ’s it like broadly on the left right now , between Bernie and Bernie supporters ? CENK : Well , I think you guys would like this . I actually think the Democrats have become more    than    Republicans . I think for as long as I ’ve been alive , the Republicans the Republicans more of an establishment party . Uh , but now it ’s the the Republicans the Democrats so Trump was able to beat the establishment on the right wing , but Hillary Clinton won , and there is no more establishment candidate than Hillary Clinton . LEE Hillary Clinton , there ’s a lot of people right now who may have been Trump people , excuse me , may have been Cruz people who are going , " I do n’t know if I ’m gon na vote for Trump . " Are Trump saying the same thing on the left with Bernie people who are on the fence about Hillary ? CENK : Yeah Hillary Clinton I certainly am seeing that in some of them . It ’s a Bernie people who are on the fence about Hillary bag , as it is on the right It You know , some Cruz people say , " Cruz yeah , of course , I ’ll vote for Trump over Clinton . Trump And some say , " No , I ca n’t ever vote for Trump . " LEE Trump And is that something you ’re personally   —    is that something you ’re worried about ? ‘ Cause you ’re clear : you want Hillary to win , correct ? CENK : Yes . Well , yes . LEE : So is that LEE you ’re concerned about ? Are you concerned about , for example , Jill Stein being in the race ? CENK : I ’m not concerned about it . Everybody ’s got a right to be in the race . And I the race is a    race . And I think the media ’s gon na start talking about it that way . And it ’s not my job to it people to vote for Hillary Clinton . But if I ’m in a swing state , and Jill Stein is at low Jill Stein and it could make a difference , I ’d vote for Clinton over Trump because I do n’t Hillary Clinton Trump to be president —   under Trump circumstances . LEE : With that being said , you have been real critical of Hillary . CENK : Oh yeah , Hillary Clinton . I ’m super critical of Hillary Clinton . And people say , Hillary Clinton , but that ’s the lesser of two evils , and you do n’t wanna vote for evil . " Well , no , it ’s the lesser of two evils , right ? I do n’t want the more evil I want the less evil . And so I ’m evil I ’m getting . I ’m getting an establishment , no change candidate . But ’m ’s better than the insane change that I think Donald Trump would bring . 
 