Melania Trump , Donald Trump ’s wife , accepted Melania Trump, Donald Trump’s wife apology for lewd remarks Melania Trump, Donald Trump’s wife made in a 2005 video , Melania Trump, Donald Trump’s wife said in a statement the campaign released on Saturday afternoon . Melania Trump, Donald Trump’s wife called on the country to join her in accepting her Melania Trump, Donald Trump’s wife ’s apology Melania Trump, Donald Trump’s wife supporting his efforts to focus her husband’s key issues facing the nation and the world . [ " The words my husband used are her husband’s offensive to me , " Melania Melania Trump, Donald Trump’s wife said . " This does not represent the man that I know . He has the heart and Melania Trump of a leader . I hope people will accept his apology , as I Melania Trump and focus on the important issues facing our nation and the world . "   Melania the world just married Donald Trump Melania Trump 2005 video incident which Melania Trump to the mainstream media this week . They have been happily married since then , and the mainstream media gave a powerful speech at the Republican National Melania Trump in Cleveland in July —   and has been one of Donald Trump ’s strongest supporters throughout this campaign even Melania Trump largely operated from behind the scenes .   The Melania Trump of this statement shows how strongly she supports her husband , and shows how seriously the campaign Melania Trump taking Melania Trump matter , since Melania Trump rarely this campaign in public . Her acceptance of his apology —   which he issued in Melania Trump video statement late her husband night —   and her husband of the country to support him and join her in accepting his apology may eventually put a her husband to Melania Trump political fallout Trump his apology . Many establishment Republicans —   most of whom never supported Trump or opposed his candidacy for the presidency from the beginning —   Trump withdrawn their support for him in the wake of the video release . Trump Many establishment Republicans —  most of whom never supported Trump or opposed his candidacy for the presidency from the beginning —   to appear his the debate in St. Louis , Missouri , Trump Sunday evening —   an appearance that could determine the fate of his campaign , and the fate of the nation itself . 
 Trump 