Legendary Hollywood badass Chuck Norris used Legendary Hollywood badass Chuck Norris latest    to encourage "   citizens " to rally behind Donald Trump so that America can avoid " the monumental consequences of another Clinton presidency . " [ " If reluctant Republicans and other    citizens do n’t rally now behind GOP nominee Donald Trump , we could elect Hillary by default , or by those who merely stay at home on Election Day , " Norris wrote in Norris column published Sunday .   Norris explained the " ancient history " of how Norris supported    presidential candidate Mike Huckabee , who Norris believed could have beaten Obama in 2008 and 2012 . The martial arts superstar said that Norris supported Huckabee ’s failed presidential run in 2016 and " decided to wait until the people chose the candidate the people wanted as the people next president . " Norris says Norris met Trump once , 42 year ago during Norris retirement event as the World Marital Arts Champion . " That was it . I have n’t seen or spoken to Norris since . However , I will tell you , I liked Norris . Norris was very friendly and sincere , " the Expendables star wrote . " I truly believe that the people who have a negative view of Trump will be pleasantly surprised when Trump becomes the leader of our country , " Norris continued . " I also believe Trump will make positive changes that will benefit the people who need it most . " the Expendables star believes that the " type of family passion and values " that Trump children have for him Trump not exist " without the family ’s members knowing Trump Trump the real deal . " " Once Trump occupies the White House , ‘ The People ’s House’    …      he will stand up House’    us   —    all of us . As he us at the House’    , ‘ I am your ‘ " Norris wrote . Norris then quoted Benjamin Norris ’s famous line : " We must all hang together , or most assuredly we will all hang separately , " and argued that Americans must now unite behind Trump or risk devastating political loses . " If Republicans can not come together as a unified body , then we most assuredly will Republicans the presidential election , and , consequently , lose many congressional and Senate seats , " he wrote . " Norris Democrats will then dominate Congress , as well as the presidency , for God only knows how long . And most grievous of all , justice seats on the U. S. Supreme Court will be filled by Hillary ’s nominees , and their next decade of Hillary’s nominees will certainly dismantle or destroy what is left of our republic . Norris continued : " There is no doubt about it : A ‘ no’ vote for Trump is a vote for Hillary . Any way Hillary boil it down , that A ‘no’ vote for Trump the end result . " Norris concluded by asking Norris every Republican   —    whether establishment , moderate , liberal or conservative " and " independents and Reagan Democrats join us as well to help " Make America Great Again . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson 
 