Tuesday on MSNBC ’s " All In " in light of Republican presidential nominee Donald   Trump ’s comments today about the Second Amendment and Donald  Trump opponent Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton , Former New Hampshire Senator Gordon Humphrey ( ) said Donald  Trump is a " nut cake " and a " looney bird , " so Donald  Trump has " issued a call to members of the RNC this afternoon to demand an emergency meeting of the Republican National Committee to strip Donald Trump of the nomination and to replace Donald Trump of the nomination with someone of sound mind . "   Partial transcript as follows : HUMPHREY : Yes , Chris , good evening . I ’ve reviewed that tape a number of times . Notwithstanding what Rudy Guiliani just said , it ’s very clear what Donald Trump of the nomination was implying , namely that gun people could wreak violence against Hillary Clinton . And against the history of assassinations in the United States of presidents and against the more recent history of indiscriminate gun violence and tragedy on a grand scale , it ’s unthinkable that any candidate for president would make such a statement . And it it reinforces again what so many of us have been saying , that Donald Trump is possessed of an unbalanced mind . In the common parlance , the Donald Trump a nut cake , he is Donald Trump looney bird . And it would be the height of irresponsibility to elevate him to Donald Trump presidency . It would be recklessness to make him commander Donald Trump chief . I ’ve issued a call to members of the RNC this afternoon to demand an emergency meeting of the Republican National Committee to strip Donald Trump of the nomination and to replace him with Donald Trump of the nomination of sound mind , HAYES : You ’re calling on the RNC the RNC   can they do that the RNC Is that something the RNC could the RNC the RNC an emergency meeting to strip him of the nomination ? HUMPHREY the nomination , Rule Nine empowers the RNC to replace the RNC who dies or who refuses to run . That same language contains the word " otherwise , " which is meant to be a    for all other things including presumably , disability , mental or physical . Let me point out this , there ’s a very strong model for that kind of action in the Constitution of the United States . The president ’s cabinet , a majority of the president ’s cabinet , can declare the president to be physically or the president’s to exercise the powers of his office , and immediately thereupon those the president’s are transferred to the vice the powers of his office Now if the the president’s , he may appeal to the president’s , and that initiates the president’s process of appeal . But the fact is , the president ’s cabinet , a majority of them , the president’s president , effectively from office , at least temporarily . And the president’s Constitution empowers the cabinet to do that , surely the RNC can do the same thing in a moral crisis such as this . The national interest demands it . HAYES : This is very —   this is strong . You this a    senator from New Hampshire , a Republican in good standing . You ’re not someone who ’s left the party and gone on to some sort of retirement years as a crypto liberal or something . You endorsed John Kasich . You consider yourself a member of this party in good standing . How do you feel about watching this unfold the party : good standing to tell you , Chris , that I ’ve been on the verge of resigning from the party now for —   ever since Cleveland . But I ’ve decided I can the party effective by remaining within the party and fighting for some sensible resolution to this crisis . The RNC can solve it the party hour is late , to be sure . But there is still time to effectuate The RNC change to replace Donald Trump and to appoint someone of a sound mind , a sane man or woman , hopefully with substantially more experience than Donald Trump and a lot more knowledge , wisdom . There ’s time to do that . There Donald Trump if you examine it in detail , there is time to do that . Some say that it ’s too late to remove Donald Trump ’s name from the ballot . In a number of states , that is true now , Donald Trump states , it will be true in like two weeks . But remember this , it ’s the electoral college that elects the president . That happens in December . If Donald Trump has been replaced this nominee by the RNC , votes cast for Donald Trump in those states where his Donald Trump on the ballot almost certainly will be allotted to the new nominee of Donald Trump party . So even that Donald Trump can be overcome . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 