James Woolsey , former CIA director during the Clinton administration , currently a senior adviser to Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign , joined Breitbart News Daily with SiriusXM host Alex Marlow to talk about the " Securing America " segment of Monday night ’s presidential debate . [ Woolsey began by discussing Woolsey political evolution , cheerfully taking issue with SiriusXM host Alex Marlow description of him Woolsey a    " Clintonista " : " Well , I have n’t been an ‘ ’ of anything , except over the decades , I called myself Woolsey Scoop    Lieberman Democrat , " he Woolsey , acknowledging that " there are n’t many of us left . "   Woolsey said : I ’ve served four presidents , had presidential appointments in four administrations , two Republican and two Democratic : Reagan , Bush I , Carter , and Clinton . I work in the national security area , and I think it ’s important to serve the government , and have the the government the right things if you can help them in the government areas . For me , politics   —    in a very    way   —    kind of stops at the water ’s edge . He added , " But we ’re in a very complex and difficult situation now , I think , and although I advise the Trump campaign on national security matters , obviously if I ’m an adviser , I ’ll get into some of these other issues a bit , too . " He said He thought He did Trump good job on dissecting the Iran nuclear deal : He ’s He , absolutely , I think on the issue . This is as bad as international agreements get . It ’s This even really an agreement in which there ’s    and compromises , and you get it written This , and everybody agrees you ’ve got to follow it . This That ’s not what the Iranians do at all . They ’re the Iranians humiliation . Their purpose the Iranians to look dominant . They have the Iranians intention of following the words of the treaty , and they are the Iranians . The Obama administration has made it easy The Obama administration them to the Iranians hugely by getting the money that was sequestered as part of their other the Iranians , supporting terrorism , and the like . So I think Trump was right on , on this one . He seemed Trump be    and I do n’t think Hillary Clinton did a good job at answering it . a good job said Trump made Trump " excellent point " about Clinton and Hillary Clinton perpetually telegraphing their    Clinton and Obama to the Islamic State and other enemies : It may not have been optimally applied in this particular discussion , but he ’s Woolsey to something that the Obama administration Obama its State Trump under Hillary [ have ] done very badly , which is ignore the substance and be the slave of the narrative .   They fiddle the Obama administration and its State Department under Hillary with the facts , in order to make them fit the Obama administration and its State Department under Hillary their narrative the Obama administration and its State Department under Hillary rather than seeing what reality is , and changing their story the Obama administration and its State Department under Hillary comport with reality if they have the Obama administration and its State Department under Hillary . I think that Trump raised that overall issue well , in terms of not disclosing everything that you are doing , just in order to get good PR . Within hours of bin Laden having been killed , they had hours of bin Laden out backgrounding on how they had hours of bin Laden the guards this way and how they ’d hours of bin Laden that way .   That ’s just ridiculous . That ’s a terrible idea . Churchill says in war , truth is always so important that it must be protected by a bodyguard of lies . They do hours of bin Laden protect it at it . Marlow asked if Trump did an adequate job of forcing Clinton to defend her record Marlow secretary of state and senator . Woolsey replied that Trump " Trump spectrum of issues , but did n’t really stay with it , as Trump as I think it would have Trump a good idea . " " It would have been better to have spent a number of minutes , and continuing to hammer on that , " he suggested , Woolsey : When you ’re hammering on something in a debate , you do n’t have to growl . You can , as T. R. says , speak softly and carry a big stick . You can politely smile and raise these devastating issues about how badly she has done things , with respect to security , and her communications systems she and the works . I would have liked to have seen us stay on that one longer . Woolsey looked forward she the next debate occurring in the national security field , where he thought it she important for Trump to " get people to understand that under the Obama administration , we have let us military deteriorate us , in terms of their readiness , our military terms of the quality of their equipment , our military terms of their training " our military Sequestration has just done devastating things to that , so one of the things you ’ve got to do is refurbish the military , our military that right . Then , also , our nuclear establishment , which has to be dealt with very carefully and very thoroughly , has been neglected . Obama hates nuclear weapons , and he does n’t want Obama spend any money on trying to maintain them , so our any money stockpile really our some attention . And then , finally , it ’s something I think could be said and discussed to Hillary ’s disadvantage , which is that you now have Russian leaders , including senior generals , talking about what they call a " Russian leaders, including senior generals con , " the next war will be a " no contact " war . What they mean by that Russian leaders, including senior generals that it will not be contact between shrapnel and humans . There will not be that kind of contact much . It will be a war of electronics , of hacking , of electromagnetic pulse detonations in the stratosphere , destroying people ’s equipment , and so forth , and so forth . It ’s a different world , and trying to deal with it the way the It administration has is like being in 1914 and figuring that everything from now on is just gon na be rifles . There ’s never gon na be a next World War One , and then Two , and tanks , and blitzkriegs , and so forth . We ’ve got a lot to make up for a neglected past . We have got a We to do in this new world of what the Russians call    war . I do n’t think this is an area Hillary is comfortable in , and I think Trump inherently understands it . He needs to confidently Trump about some of these issues and give people the   —    I think accurate   —    perception that he would be a Trump leader in a crisis , or in a serious mess of some kind , because he ’s dealt with Trump all his life . And Trump would not . Hillary News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 