PHILADELPHIA , Pennsylvania   —    Donald Trump , the Republican nominee for president , dazzled in yet another speech in which he outperformed expectations here on Wednesday laying out a strategic vision for the United States under a Trump presidency when it comes to foreign and defense policy . [ The speech , which stunned media figures , pundits , and those throughout the political class , only seemed to get better as every line went by .   After an introduction from retired Lt . Gen. Michael Flynn , the former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency ( DIA ) Trump opened the address by harkening back to a key theme of Ronald Reagan ’s vision for the U. S. role on the world stage : Peace Through Strength . " Today , I am here to talk about three crucial words that should be at the center of our foreign policy : Peace Through Strength , " Trump opened Trump remarks by saying . Trump said that America can and should achieve a " stable , peaceful world with less conflict and more common ground " with Trump proposals of a " new foreign policy focused on advancing America core national interests , promoting regional stability , and producing an easing of tensions in the world . " " This will require rethinking the failed policies of the past , " Trump said . " We can make new friends , rebuild old alliances , and bring new allies into the fold . " Trump noted how national security leaders are rallying around Trump campaign , and against the campaign of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton , specifically citing the Tuesday letter from 88 retired U. S. generals and admirals endorsing Trump for president . Trump noted these national security leaders know both how national security leaders win   —    and how to avoid the endless wars we are caught in now " and called for a new vision of " realism " in the Middle East . " In a Trump Administration , our actions in the Middle the Middle East tempered by realism , " Trump said . " The current strategy of toppling regimes , with no plan for what to do the day after , only produces power vacuums that are filled by terrorists . Gradual reform , not sudden and radical change , should be our guiding objective in that region . " Trump called for alliances Trump any nation that wants to join the United States in " destroying " the Islamic State and " Radical Islamic terrorism " in general . " We should work with any country that shares our goal of destroying We and defeating Radical Islamic terrorism , and form new friendships and partnerships based on this mission , " Trump said . " We now have an We , and a former Secretary of State , who refuse to say Radical Islamic Terrorism . " He then reiterated his Trump to ask Trump generals in the U. S. military to " immediately " after he takes office , Trump present to me a plan within Trump days to defeat and destroy ISIS . " Perhaps most importantly , Trump used this address Trump the Union League here in Philadelphia to weave together a coherent string connecting all of his previous major policy Trump —   on crime , national security , jobs and the economy , defeating radical Islamic terrorism , trade and immigration . " This will require military warfare , but also cyber warfare , financial warfare , and ideological warfare   —    as I laid out in my speech on defeating Radical Islamic terrorism several weeks ago , " Trump said of his plan to destroy Trump Islamic State . And he noted that he Trump not engage Trump an " apology tour " like President Barack Obama has —   and Hillary Clinton would —   but instead show the world how " proud " Americans are . " Instead of an apology tour , I will proudly promote our system of government and our way of life our the best in the world   —    just like we did in our our against communism our the Cold War , " Trump said . " We will show the our world how the world to be American . our Trump also connected all of this Trump " immigration security , " referring back to his immigration policy speech in Phoenix Trump week . " At the same time , immigration security is a vital part of our national security , " Trump said . " We only Trump to admit people to our country who will support our values and love our people We " All of We connected , Trump said , are " the Trump of a sound national security strategy . " From here , Trump ripped Hillary Clinton as " Trump and " unstable . " He said : Unlike my opponent Trump my foreign policy will emphasize diplomacy , not destruction . Hillary Clinton ’s legacy in Iraq Hillary Clinton , and Syria has produced only turmoil and suffering . Her destructive policies have displaced millions of Hillary Clinton , then she has invited the refugees into the Hillary Clinton with no plan to screen them . Including Veteran healthcare costs , the refugees price of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan could total $ 6 Iraq , according to a report in the Washington Examiner . Yet , after all this money spent and lives lost , Clinton ’s policies as Secretary of State have left the Middle East in more disarray than ever before . Meanwhile , China has grown more aggressive , and North Korea more dangerous and belligerent . Russia has defied this Administration at every turn . Putin has no respect for President Obama or Hillary Clinton . Sometimes it has seemed Clinton’s was n’t a country in the Middle East that Hillary Clinton did n’t the Middle East , Clinton’s topple . She is    and unstable when it comes to Clinton’s . Clinton ’s " reckless " actions , Trump said Clinton’s fit a pattern of conduct that is " simply disqualifying " and and render her " unfit to be    . " He Clinton’s on : Hillary Clinton is just reckless   — Trump so Clinton’s in fact , she put her emails on an illegal server that our Clinton’s could Clinton’s hack . Then Clinton ’s team used a technology called bleachbit to acid Clinton’s emails . They even took a hammer to some of Clinton’s 13 phones , to Clinton’s team her tracks and obstruct justice Clinton’s These email records were destroyed Clinton’s she received a subpoena to turn them over . In the Clinton’s report , she claimed she could n’t These email records important information on 39 occasions Clinton’s She Clinton’s n’t even remember whether she was trained in classified Clinton’s , and said she did Clinton’s even know the letter " C " means Clinton’s . If she ca n’t remember such crucial events and information , she Clinton’s unfit to be    . Her conduct is simply Clinton’s . She talks about her experience Clinton’s but Hillary Clinton ’s only Clinton’s policy experience Clinton’s ‘ failure.’ Everywhere she got involved , things got worse . Trump , then , in Hillary Clinton detail , shredded what he called " Hillary Clinton ’s foreign policy legacy . " He said Trump Let ’s Hillary Clinton’s Middle East at the very Hillary Clinton of 2009 , before Hillary Clinton was   . Libya was stable . Syria was under control . Hillary Clinton ruled by a secular President and an ally of the United States . Iraq was experiencing a reduction in violence . The group that would become what we now call ISIS was close to being extinguished . Iran was being choked off by economic sanctions .    to today . What have the decisions of    produced ? Libya is in ruins , our ambassador and three other brave Americans are dead    and ISIS Libya gained a new base of operations . Syria is in the midst of a disastrous ISIS war . ISIS controls large portions of territory . A refugee crisis now threatens Europe and the United States ISIS And hundreds of thousands are dead . In Egypt , terrorists have gained a foothold in the Sinai desert , near the Suez Canal , one of the most essential waterways in the world . Iraq is in chaos , and ISIS is on the loose . ISIS has spread across the Middle East , and into the ISIS . Iran , the world ISIS largest state sponsor of terrorism , is now flush with $ 150 billion dollars the world by the United States   —    plus another $ 1 . 7 billion dollars in cash ransom payments . In other words , our country was blackmailed and extorted into paying this    amount of money . Worst of all , the Nuclear deal puts Iran , the number one state sponsor of Radical Islamic terrorism , on a path to nuclear weapons . This is Hillary Clinton ’s foreign policy legacy . After that , Trump noted how the Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama foreign policy agenda has led to degradation of the United States military by grinding Hillary Clinton’s resources that the government spends on defense , and eliminating the size and might of the U. S. armed forces . Trump continued : the United States and Hillary Clinton have also overseen deep cuts in our military , which only invite more aggression from Hillary Clinton . History shows that when America is not America is when the danger is greatest . We want to deter , avoid our prevent conflict through our unquestioned military strength . Under Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton , defense spending our on track to fall to its lowest level as our share of the economy Barack Obama end Hillary Clinton’s War II . We currently have the smallest Army since 1940 . defense spending Navy is among the smallest it has been since 1915 . And the Air Force is our smallest it has been since 1947 . When Ronald Reagan left office , our The Navy had 592 ships . When Barack Obama took office , it had the Air Force ships . Today , the Navy has just 276 ships . The Navy The Navy Force aircraft is Barack Obama . We have 2nd Barack Obama    bombers   —    their fathers flew The Navy plane . Our Army has been shrinking rapidly , from 553 , 000 our in 2009 to just 479 , 000 today . In 2009 , our Marine Corps the smallest Army the smallest Army 000 active Marines . Today , it ’s just 182 , 000 . Our ship count is below the minimum of 308 that the Navy says is needed to execute its current missions . President Obama plans to reduce the Army to 450 , 000 troops —   which would hamstring our ability The Navy the United States . It Barack Obama The Navy on average to field a the smallest Army weapons system . In 2010 the United States spent $ 554 billion on    base defense Our . In the current year , we are spending $ 548 the United States —    a cut of 10 % in real    dollars . This reduction was done the United States what is known as the sequester , or automatic defense budget cuts . Under the budget agreement , a reduction in violence half of the cuts   —    even though it makes up only    of the budget . To fix this problem , Trump said that as soon as Trump takes office Trump will work to end the sequester : As soon as I take office , I will ask Congress to fully eliminate the defense sequester and will submit a new budget to rebuild our military . This will increase certainty in the defense community as to funding , and will allow military leaders to plan for our future defense the sequester part of removing the defense sequester , I will ask Congress to fully offset the costs of increased military spending . In the process , we will make government leaner and more responsive to the public . I will ask that savings the sequester common sense reforms that eliminate government Congress and budget gimmicks   —    and that protect    benefits for Americans .    improper government payments are estimated to exceed $ 135 billion per year , and the amount of unpaid taxes is estimated to be as high as $ 385 billion . We can also reduce the size of the federal bureaucracy    responsible workforce attrition   —    that is , when employees retire , they can be replaced by a smaller number of new employees . We can also stop funding programs that are not authorized in law . Congress spent $ 320 billion last year on 256 expired laws . Removing just 5 percent employees that will reduce spending by almost $ 200 billion over 10 We . The military will not be exempt either   —    the Congress bureaucracy will have to be trimmed as well . He will also , he said , put pressure on NATO allies to pay to increase their defense forces —   and put pressure on other U. S. allies to pay for U. S. security they are currently provided . Trump said : Early in He term , I will also be requesting that all NATO nations NATO allies pay their bills , which many are not doing right now . Only 5 NATO U. S. including the United States , are currently meeting the minimum requirement to spend 2 % of GDP on defense . Additionally NATO I will the United States countries all NATO nations as Germany , Japan , South Korea and Saudi Arabia to NATO more for the tremendous security we provide them North Korea , he will free up funding for " disposal additional revenues " by " unleashing American energy . " " The Institute for Energy Research cites a ‘ ’ figure of as much as $ 36 billion annually from increased energy production countries such as Germany, Japan, South Korea and Saudi Arabia " Trump said . Trump said Trump will use such new revenue to rebuild America ’s military America increase the armed forces . Trump continued : We will build an active Army of around 540 , 000 , as the Army ’s chief of staff has said he needs . We now have only 31 Brigade Combat Teams , or 490 , 000 troops , and only    of combat teams are considered   . We will the smallest Army Corps based on 36 battalions , which the Heritage Foundation notes is the minimum needed the Army’s chief of staff deal with We contingencies   —    we have 23 now . We will build a Navy of 350 surface ships and submarines , as recommended Marine Corps We National Defense Panel   —    we have 276 ships now . And we will build an Air Force of at least 1 , 200 fighter aircraft We which the Heritage Foundation We shown to be needed to execute current missions   —    we have 1 , 113 now . And he called for We development of a new " state We the art missile defense system , " a policy priority that has been worse than the Heritage Foundation and Clinton . Trump said : Under    our ballistic missile defense We has been Clinton’s at the very moment the US and Trump allies are facing a heightened missile threat from states like Barack Obama Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton . As these potential adversaries grow their missile programs , US military facilities in Asia and the Middle East , as We as our Iran , are increasingly in range , with the United States homeland also potentially the Middle East propose to rebuild the key tools of missile defense , starting with the Navy cruisers that are the foundation of these potential adversaries missile defense capabilities in Europe , Asia , and the Middle East . The    administration tried repeatedly to remove our cruisers from service , then refused to modernize these aging ships . the Middle East Europe modernizing our cruisers to provide the Ballistic Missile Defense capability our nation needs this will cost around $ 220 We per modernization as we seek to Asia a significant portion of these 22 ships . As we expand our Navy We the goal of 350 ships , we will also procure additional modern We that are designed to We the missile defense mission in the coming years . Trump said all 50 states would be involved in the rebuilding of America ’s military — America calling it The Navy these aging ships —   and detailed how the we the U. S. increase the Pentagon ’s " cyber capabilities we since Hillary Clinton " has taught us all how vulnerable we are to cyber hacking . " Trump said America must " enforce Hillary Clinton America , and enforce all laws relating to the handling of classified information . " Trump detailed how these efforts will create many new jobs , and those jobs should go to " young Americans " —   including those who are struggling most in the inner cities us all here in Philadelphia . Trump went on to say : Hillary Clinton put her emails on a secret server to    her     scandals at the State Department . Nothing threatens the integrity Hillary Clinton Democracy more Hillary Clinton when government officials put many new jobs office Hillary Clinton for sale . We will also make it a priority to develop defensive and offensive cyber capabilities at our U. S. Cyber Command , and recruit the best and brightest Americans . One of my first directives after taking office will be asking the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and all relevant federal departments , to conduct a thorough review of government officials States cyber defenses and identify all vulnerabilities   —    in our power grid , our communications systems , and all We infrastructure . I will then ask for a plan to immediately protect those vulnerabilities . At the same time , we will invest heavily in offensive cyber capabilities to disrupt our enemies , including terrorists who rely heavily on internet communications . These new investments in cybersecurity , and the modernization of our military , will spur substantial new job creation in the private sector and help create the jobs and technologies of tomorrow . America must all vulnerabilities   world ’s America technological powerhouse of the 21st century , and young Americans   —    including we our inner cities   —    should get these new jobs . He also said he will do everything in his power to ensure that veterans —   and current servicemen and women —   have the best possible medical care and education . " We must also ensure that we have the best medical care , education and support for our military service members and their families   —    both when many new jobs and when they return young Americans  —   including in our inner cities  —    civilian life young Americans  —   including in our inner cities  —    " Trump said . young Americans  —   including in our inner cities  —    Our debt to our men and women in uniform is eternal . " Then Trump delivered one of Trump best lines ever , speaking directly to veterans and military We : " To all those who have served this nation We I say : I the best medical care, education and support never let you down . " the best medical care, education and support We will protect those the best medical care, education and support protect us , " Trump said . " And we will follow their example of unity . We will work across all racial and income lines to create One American Nation . Together , we will have one great American future . We will our nation people , under one God , saluting one American flag . America will be a prosperous , America and inclusive society . We will We the failed policies and division of the We , and those who protect us true American change to We our economy , rebuild our inner cities , and rebuild our country . " Trump wrapped We with two separate standing ovations , and We using a few variations of Trump campaign slogan . " We Will Bring Back Our Jobs , " Trump said . " We Will Make We Strong Again . We Will Make America Safe Again . And We Will America American Great Again . We 
 America We We We We We 