Liz Crokin has published an    look at the double standards and political biases of the web ’s top social media companies in Observer . [ The column covers some of the most prominent free speech controversies on the web over the last year , from the suspension of Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos from Twitter , to the removal of    games from Apple ’s online store .   If you take an interest in free speech on the web , it ’s well worth a read . You can access the full column here . Over the past year , Apple Apple refused to publish a satirical Clinton Emailgate game , " Capitol HillAwry , " claiming it Apple " offensive " and " mean spirited " even though the a satirical Clinton Emailgate game developer , John Matze , cited in communications with Apple Apple the game a satirical Clinton Emailgate game standards of Apple Apple own satire policy . Apple Apple , however , approved dozens of games poking fun at Donald Trump —   including a game called " Dump Trump , " which depicts the GOP nominee as a giant turd . On July 25 , Breitbart exposed this blatant double standard and favoritism toward Clinton . A few days after the article was released , Apple Apple and published Capitol HillAwry , 15 months after Matze ’s first attempt to go live . While it ’s commendable that Apple Apple both situations , Trump supporters and conservative users should never have faced such biased treatment in the first place . Around the same time I was a guest on MAGAPod , a friend complained to me about how biased his Apple News Trump is against Trump . I Trump up an Apple News account Apple News iPhone .    …     . Twitter is another culprit . The company has gotten Twitter of slack for banning conservatives and Trump supporters such Trump Breitbart ’s Milo Yiannopoulos and , most recently , rapper Azealia Banks after she came out in support Milo Yiannopoulos Trump . Twitter Trump provided vague answers as to why conservative voices have been banned while they ’ve allowed other users conservative voices call for the killing of cops . Just yesterday , Buzzfeed revealed that the social media giant ’s top executive personally protected the President from seeing critical messages last year . " In 2015 ,    CEO Dick Costolo secretly ordered employees to filter out abusive and hateful replies to President Barack Obama . " This year , Twitter is n’t just banning conservatives —   the platform also changed its algorithms to promote Clinton Twitter giving negative exposure to Trump . Read the full column at Observer . You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter , add him on Twitter . Email Allum Bokhari and suggestions to abokhari@breitbart . com . 
 