There ’s a new Hillary Clinton ad on the Internet . a new Hillary Clinton ad on the Internet is billed as the " Director ’s Cut " of Hillary Clinton " Role Models " ad , which   —    in the original version   —    features children watching TV as Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump says offensive things . [ However , in the new version of the video , children watching TV are watching Hillary Clinton instead   —    fuming about Benghazi , gloating about the death of Muammar Gaddafi , lying to Congress about her Hillary Clinton , and    on her Hillary Clinton views .       , the ad simply uses the images as the Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton intercut with the messages : " Our children are watching    …      Do n’t raise them on Our children . " The video culminates with footage of CNN ’s Anderson Cooper asking Hillary Clinton during a debate : " Do you change your political identity based on who you ’re talking to ? " After she responds Anderson Cooper " No , " the ad the ad an infamous clip of Clinton imitating Hillary Clinton    accent in a speech at a church in Selma , Alabama in 2007 . It ends : " Are you still with her ? " Anderson Cooper video , which merely uses Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton ad as a template , suggests that other parodies would easily be possible , whether focused on Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton husband ( Hillary Clinton I did not have sexual relations with that woman " ) or even other Republicans . It could become a new version of the " Downfall " meme , also known as " Hitler finds out , " which plays on the climactic scene of the 2004 biopic , showing the Führer in his bunker as he Hitler to news Hitler the perilous state of the German army in Berlin . The " Downfall " parodies use new subtitles to show Hitler " finding out Hitler different kinds of bad news . The " Role Models " parody requires splicing clips into a video without dialogue   —    a task easily achieved with    software on most PCs . The Trump campaign has Trump   ads thus far . Given the Clinton campaign ’s funding advantage Trump   —    whom critics have accused of being too frugal   —    might well find it easier to leave freelancers to mock Clinton ’s expensive productions . Joel B. Pollak Clinton     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Joel B. Pollak Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 