He lost badly in the Republican presidential primary election to    Donald Trump , refused to attend the Republican National convention in the state where He is governor , and now John Kasich is visiting President Barack Obama in the White House to help President Barack Obama pass the highly controversial trade agreement , the Trans Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) . [ " We now have a unique opportunity , again to put country in front of politics , " John Kasich said during a the White House press briefing along with Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed who also attended the meeting . " The two nations that most vociferously oppose this the highly controversial trade agreement China   …     " he continued , also mentioning Vladimir Putin .   " Are there losers in trade ? Yes there are . And that ’s why it ’s important that we have a system that can retrain people for the jobs of the future , " said Kasich , who formerly voted for the North the highly controversial trade agreement the White House press conference Kasich focused on implications of " if you do n’t trade , " over the details of the proposed and secretive trade agreement . Kasich ’s comments suggested that the option Kasich or no trade at all . " I appreciate the President inviting the group that we had in there this morning , " Kasich said of Obama as the Ohio governor Kasich for the President ’s trade deal . " He the President that we need to Kasich this . " The Oval office we included not only Kasich and Obama , but " former New York City Mayor Michael Obama , former George W. Bush administration Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson , Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed and others , " according to CNN . " This TPP will help us not only on the economic side , but will CNN allow us to continue to be a strong world leader for CNN , " said Kasich as he pressed members of Congress to pass TPP . During Kasich March primary election campaign rally at the Cleveland    Center , Trump said of Kasich , " He ’s now in favor of the Kasich Pacific Partnership Trump TPP ) . It is a disaster . It is going to ruin your car industry . " It also went after Kasich for the former congressman ’s Trump of NAFTA . Kasich Your steel industry is going to hell , " said your car industry We ’re bringing it all back . Trump The Economic Policy Institute , a think tank whose board includes several union leaders , stated in December 2013 that NAFTA cost some 700 , 000 American jobs and the few jobs NAFTA " are small in relation to the loses , and are in lower paying occupations . " The Institute noted the " vast majority of workers who lost jobs The Economic Policy Institute suffered a permanent loss of income . " " NAFTA has NAFTA New England .    …      You ’ve never NAFTA completely from it , but you will if I ’m elected because I ’m NAFTA those businesses back , " Trump said in March , ’m ’m Hill . Kasich has declined to endorse Trump . In July he was the speaker for a U. S. Hispanic Chamber Trump Commerce event held Kasich Cleveland , just a short distance from where the Republican National Convention was happening . Though he was within a couple of miles of the massive nominating convention , the Kasich of the state where it was being held declined to attend . " Mark my words TPP will pass , it will pass , " Kasich told those gathered for the USHCOC event . TPP he did at the Friday White House press conference a U. S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce event held in Cleveland on to say at Kasich July chamber event that he is not a big Kasich trade guy . He then a U. S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce event held in Cleveland event , " These Kasich Asian nations that are really important to us Kasich it ’s not a U. S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce event held in Cleveland of economics and trade , it ’s also about geopolitics too . " During Friday ’s White House press conference Kasich said of passing TPP that it is " a unique opportunity again to put country ahead White House . " Kasich USCOC event host said at the July event in Cleveland , " We believe TPP is good for America . Donald Trump does not agree with us . " Kasich noted in response to The USCOC event host longer question from the host about the Republican presidential nominee , adding , The USCOC event host Hillary Kasich for it before and now against it . " The USCOC has endorsed Hillary Clinton for President . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter the Republican presidential nominee 
 the Republican presidential nominee 