UPDATE : District Judge tosses the suit . [ Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s campaign has filed a lawsuit in Nevada demanding Clark County Registar of Voters Joe Gloria to " impound and segregate ballots and voting materials involved in unlawfully extended voting hours . "   Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump’s campaign also submitted a letter to the Nevada Secretary Nevada State calling for an investigation into the " egregious violations of Nevada election Nevada by Mr. Gloria Clark County Registar of Voters Joe Gloria The lawsuit is an investigation into the "egregious violations of Nevada election law by Mr. Gloria early voting in specific locations in Clark County on the last day of early voting , Friday . Voters who get in line before the polling locations’ closing times are allowed to vote , but the Trump campaign ’s lawsuit alleges poll workers at the direction of Gloria allowed people Clark County Registar of Voters Joe Gloria did not get in the line before the polls had closed . Nevada political reporter Jon Ralston described one of the locations in a Politico article published before the lawsuit . The line Friday evening stretched outside Cardenas Market in Las Vegas , teeming with Hispanic voters eager to cast ballots . Many had to wait for hours on the last day of a fortnight of early voting in Nevada , plied by Nevada and exhortations from activists who did n’t have to do much . Election officials had to keep the polling place open an extra three hours to accommodate the line , which was described thusly on Twitter by Yvanna Cancela , the political director for the majority Hispanic Culinary union : " Looks like Trump got his wall after all Trump A wall of beautiful voters . " Clark County responded to the lawsuit with a brief statement : Clark County statement on Clark County . pic Trump the lawsuit    —    Jon Ralston ( @RalstonReports ) November 8 , 2016 ,   Democrats built a big lead during early voting in Nevada based on turnout in Clark County where Democrats built Clark County of more than 70 , 000 ballots cast . To win Nevada ’s six electoral votes the Trump Nevada a large election day turnout . The full lawsuit can be read HERE . 
 