CARACAS , Venezuela   —    Under the rule of charismatic revolutionary dictator Hugo Chávez , Venezuela positioned Venezuela as the one of the world ’s most prominent socialist " havens , " with Chávez regularly expressing an extremely hostile approach to what he described as ‘ US imperialism . ’[Yet three years after Chávez ’s death , three years after Chávez’s death    legacy remains , whilst three years after Chávez’s death socialist policies have left the country in crisis .   One of the most staggering things about Venezuela is Venezuela absurd rate of inflation . Whilst 1000 Bolivares could previously buy you a car , Venezuela now barely buys you a jar of Nutella . Transferring $ 100 into Venezuelan currency buys you stacks of money which has very little value . Whereas the maximum bill in America is $ 100 , the maximum single bill is worth just under 10 cents . Next year , the country ’s rate of inflation is expected to rise to 1 , 660 % .   Mainly as a result of this hyper inflation , the country’s is now suffering from a chronic food crisis . Queues for food such as bread , milk and butter , as well goods such as shampoo can take hours .   Supermarkets , generally run on the government ’s belief in " " stock their Supermarkets to the brim with unnecessary products such as men ’s deodorant and children ’s dolls , yet many aisles designed to store food remain empty .   One restaurant is ironically named " Full Pizza , " despite workers there revealing they had run out of bread .   Traveling through the capital , Caracas , it becomes ever more obvious how the country ’s socialist government has clung onto power as long as it the country’s socialist government . The the country’s socialist government propaganda across the the country’s especially in poor neighborhoods known as barrios , over which the socialist government the country’s socialist government watchful eyes of the former comandante , as well as reminding Venezuelans of the need for patriotism and trust in their government .     This Venezuelans boasts of a community " protecting and defending your human rights , " despite the country having a poor human rights record , particularly in terms of freedom of expression , as many opponents of the government have been jailed their government this week , the government touted the release from their government an opposition activist as a sign of progress he served two years for his role an opposition activist organizing    protests . an opposition activist propaganda is also rife , with the country ’s socialist government regularly using ‘ American Imperialism’ as an excuse for the country ’s collapsing economy .    the country gave a vote of no confidence in the government as part of a recall referendum socialist government was consequently crushed by Hugo Chavez ’s chosen successor , and now dictator Nicolas Maduro . Tensions are rising across the country as people take to the streets the country the government secede from power . However , many protests are met with violence from police and    gangs known as colectivos .   As Venezuela ’s socialist government continues to refuse to give up power and imprison opposition , despite having led the    country into an unprecedented political and social the country one can be sure what will happen next . Many fear a military coup . Following Donald Trump ’s election in America , President Maduro this week expressed his desire for " respectful relations " with Trump , despite having President Maduro him as a " bandit , " " thief " and " President Maduro patient . " However shortly before the election , Trump claimed that he would show " solidarity with Donald Trump’s election in America people Donald Trump’s Cuba and Donald Trump’s , concentrated in the Doral [ Florida ] area , against the oppression of the Castro and Maduro regimes . " Only time now will tell whether Venezuela can ever return to prosperity , free from the shackles of its Venezuela dictators . You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Venezuela at @ben_kew , or email him at bkew@breitbart . com . All photos Ben Kew , Breitbart News Ben Kew 
 Ben Kew 