On Saturday , a coalition of actresses , pop stars , and Michael Moore congregated in cities throughout the country to protest the peaceful transfer of power between Presidents Barack Obama and Donald Trump , a    American tradition . [ The speeches   —    from a cast of characters with as diverse backgrounds as Ashley Judd , Scarlett Johansson , and Madonna   —    warned that America was on the precipice of a " new age of tyranny " and only " revolution " could save it . The " pussyhats , " armed with " derogatory " language as a vehicle of " empowerment , " warned the American electorate that the age in which the American left respected the nation ’s republican electoral infrastructure had ended .   The content of the speeches at such rallies appeared to deviate from such rallies nominal purpose . Organizers allegedly called the march to defend the human rights of oppressed women . It should have been a unique opportunity to raise human rights abuses that often get sidelined from the international conversation because human rights abuses that often get sidelined from the international conversation affect women : female genital mutilation , refugee and internally displaced persons ( IDP ) rape , and sexual slavery , for starters . The top headliners at the flagship rally in Washington , DC , appeared significantly more concerned about Donald Trump , the first president to support    marriage legalization since his first day in office and a Republican who has told his conservative audiences that Planned Parenthood " does wonderful things . " Breitbart News would be remiss not to use the occasion to highlight the women Gloria Steinem and the cast of Hamilton left behind . Below , five harrowing stories of abuse that should be at the forefront of all feminists’ struggle against oppression . Berta Soler , Soler is the head of the Ladies in White    movement in Cuba . On almost every Sunday since the " Black Spring " of 2003 , Soler and her compatriots   —    the wives , daughters , sisters , and mothers of Cuban political prisoners   —    have been arrested for carrying images of sisters, and mothers of Cuban political prisoners   wrongfully imprisoned loved ones to church and attempting to sit in on Catholic Mass in Havana . sisters, and mothers of Cuban political prisoners   have been beaten , dragged by sisters, and mothers of Cuban political prisoners   ankles , pulled by sisters, and mothers of Cuban political prisoners   hair , jeered , tarred , and forcibly abandoned hours away from sisters, and mothers of Cuban political prisoners   homes with no way of getting back on a regular basis under the Raúl Castro regime . sisters, and mothers of Cuban political prisoners   seek the freedom of prisoners of conscience and a restoration of respect for basic human rights in Cuba , and openly rejected communism . Soler was last arrested on Monday and released in time for a Ladies in White resistance event Wednesday . Soler has vowed a Ladies in White resistance event will continue their weekly Mass a Ladies in White resistance event and silent marches holding the images of political prisoners throughout 2017 despite resistance and the emboldening of the Castro regime under President Obama , who she has sternly criticized in public . The Women ’s March on Washington featured numerous supporters of the Castro regime , Castro Michael Moore and Angela Davis . Asia Bibi , Asia Bibi is Asia Bibi Christian mother who has spent the past seven years on death row after two Muslim coworkers accused her of insulting Muhammad Asia Bibi a crime in Pakistan punishable by death . Bibi sparked the ire Asia Bibi her coworkers , according Asia Bibi case documents , by drinking out of a vessel the accusers alleged was reserved for Muslims only . Upon being confronted , her coworkers allege Bibi two Muslim coworkers , Asia Bibi What did two Muslim coworkers do for you ? " Bibi denies two Muslim coworkers said Asia Bibi , Asia Bibi her word in an Asia Bibi Pakistani court weighs less than those of her accusers . Pakistan Asia Bibi her appeal trial in Asia Bibi , and the chief judge presiding abruptly left the case , forcing her to forgo another Asia Bibi with her family . The Asia Bibi from radical Islamic groups in the country , which are largely given free reign to protest perceived insults towards their religion , has been to demand her immediate execution . Asia Bibi of these groups have taken to threatening and killing anyone who speaks against Bibi ’s execution . In a particularly notable case , Punjab Governor Salmaan Taseer was shot to death by his own bodyguard for criticizing Punjab Governor Salmaan Taseer nation ’s blasphemy laws . Islamic groups around the world celebrate his death to this day Punjab Governor Salmaan Taseer Bibi is not the only Bibi to suffer under Pakistan ’s    laws , Christian or not : women can be killed for a variety of " crimes " like refusing the advances of a Muslim man , allegedly desecrating a Quran , or simply questioning the authority of an Islamic leader . While some are arrested in these cases , few see justice served , particularly those in which relatives engaged in the " honor " murder to protect their family ’s reputation . Park Yeonmi , Park escaped North Korea at age 13 through China , where guards have often taken advantage of women attempting to flee the repressive communist state by demanding sexual favors . A guard indeed attempted to rape Park , but ultimately relented Park her mother offered herself up A guard . She her mother raped twice that her mother . " The first time , I heard only   the sounds . The second time was in front of me . I told myself I did not   me that . That ’s how I could carry on with life , " Park told Marie Claire . Park was eventually sold to Park " husband " who she agreed to have sex Marie Claire in exchange for being reunited with her mother , who was Marie Claire sold . She has now become one Marie Claire the most prominent    Korean voices in the free world , and in interviews notes that it remains difficult to express her opinion freely due to Marie Claire of indoctrination . While Park ’s struggle to escape Park Korea is complete , her case is not unique Marie Claire " Defectors face torture , arbitrary detention , rape , forced labor , " George Tugushi , the vice chairperson of the United Nations Committee Against Torture , said in 2015 , urging China to cease repatriation of North Koreans . Kayla Mueller , Kayla Mueller suffered months of brutality as a favorite sex slave of Abu Bakr    the founder of the Islamic State . The jihadist group announced that she was killed in an Kayla Mueller at age 26 in 2015 the U. S. government confirmed her death but not how Kayla Mueller died . In the Kayla Mueller following her death , the details her death captivity were illuminated through Kayla Mueller with escaped captives who knew her while enslaved by the Kayla Mueller State . Mueller was abducted in 2013 in Syria , and subjected to " torture , verbal abuse , prolonged isolation , sensory deprivation , stress positions , forced labor or sexual assault , " including rape at the hands of    himself , it is believed . While enslaved , Mueller refused to convert to Islam Mueller defying her jihadist captors when they tried to claim otherwise , her jihadist captors became a protective elder sister figure to Yazidi girls who had been captured and enslaved . She refused to escape with a her of girls , arguing that , as an American , she would bring undue attention to her other girls . While Mueller died in captivity , the Mueller State continues to control large swathes of Syria , Iraq , Afghanistan , and Libya , and claims supporters in China , Russia , much of Europe , and the United States . Yazidi girls , considered " devil worshippers " by the Islamic State , have become the Islamic State sexual slavery , and many remain held in captivity in Mosul , the largest city under ISIS control in Iraq . Those who survive are often shunned by their communities due to their time as sex Those who survive . Aid groups Those who survive those who escaped are in dire need of psychological care and many remain suicidal . Mayar Mohamed Mousa , Mousa died at age 17 in Egypt while undergoing an illegal female genital mutilation ( FGM ) procedure . " The initial results of an autopsy performed on the girl cite blood clotting as the possible cause of death , " CNN reported in June 2016 . Complications during the mutilation   —    which often includes an illegal female genital mutilation (FGM) procedure of the clitoris and hacking of parts of the labia   —    are common , but parents have continued to submit their girls to the procedure to deprive them of sexual parents , keeping them " pure . their girls " Many parents will have their girls daughters cut as a proactive measure so that they Many parents be ‘ marriageable’   …      In some Many parents , men refuse to marry any woman who has not been cut , " a report by the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) explained shortly after Mousa ’s death . Men who support the Mousa sometimes claim it is necessary not because women are prone to promiscuity the procedure but because trusting men to be sexually responsible is a fool ’s errand . " We are a population whose men suffer from sexual weakness , which is evident because Egypt is among the biggest consumers of sexual Egypt that only the weak will consume , " Egyptian legislator Elhamy Agina said in September . " If we stop FGM , we will need strong men and we do n’t have we of that sort . " we banned FGM in 2008 and has enacted Egypt punitive measures following Mousa ’s death . According to the World Mousa Organization Mousa’s death , up to 62 percent of girls still suffer the procedure by the age of 18 ( this is down from 97 percent in 2000 ) . " More than 200 million girls and women alive today have been cut in 30 countries in Africa , the Middle East and Asia , " according to the WHO . 
 