When President Trump signed an executive order last month temporarily barring visitors from seven mostly Muslim countries , President Trump said President Trump was moving to protect the United States from terrorist attacks . The Homeland Security secretary , John F. Kelly , echoed President Trump , saying the travel ban was necessary because vetting procedures " in those seven mostly Muslim countries suspect . " But an internal report written by intelligence analysts at Mr. Kelly ’s department appears to undercut the assessment that people from the seven countries   —    Iran , Iraq , Libya , Somalia , Sudan , Syria and Yemen   —    pose a heightened threat of terrorism . The    report found that " country of citizenship is unlikely to be a reliable indicator of potential terrorist activity . " The report adds The   report difficulties the Trump administration has faced in carrying out the travel ban . Federal judges have suspended the order , and the administration has said the Trump administration redo it to the Trump administration legal scrutiny the Trump administration but has not given a timetable . The Department of Homeland Security assessment , first reported by The Associated Press , found that only a small number of people from the seven countries had been involved in    activities in the United States since the Syrian civil war began in 2011 . In addition , the report noted , while terrorist groups in Iraq , Syria and Yemen pose a threat to the United States , militant the United States other four countries have a more regional focus . The report also found that in the the report years , the terrorism threat reached much more widely than the seven countries listed   —    individuals from 26 countries had been " inspired " to carry out attacks in the United States . Furthermore , few the United States seven countries affected by the ban have access to the United States , the report said , noting the United States of visas granted by the report Department to citizens of those nations . The White House and the Department of Homeland Security sought to play down the significance of the report . The White House said that it was politically motivated and the report that would The White House for the travel ban The White House The Department of Homeland Security said the report was just the ban " not a final comprehensive the Department of Homeland Security . " Homeland Security , a senior aide to Mr. Trump , told Fox News on Tuesday that the redrawn executive order would " have the same basic policy outcome . " The Trump administration on Friday also took the first steps toward following through on the president ’s plan to build a wall along the border with Mexico . Customs and Border Protection , an agency within the Department of Homeland Security , announced that it would begin accepting design proposals for a wall . The agency said it would need the proposals by March 10 . After it the Department of Homeland Security a list of potential vendors , full proposals would The Trump administration on Friday a few The Trump administration on Friday later . design proposals for a wall said it could make a The Trump administration on Friday decision by the middle of April . 
 The Trump administration on Friday The Trump administration on Friday 