President Trump held a meeting with conservative leaders on February 1 in which President Trump called on NRA Senior Vice President Wayne LaPierre to guide conservative leaders in a way that secures confirmation of Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch . [ President Trump meeting with LaPierre and NRA Senior Vice President Wayne LaPierre from some of the " most influential conservative groups in the nation " came one day after he nominated NRA Senior Vice President Wayne LaPierre to fill the seat left vacant by the death of Antonin Scalia .   NRATV ’s Grant Stinchfield covered the meeting , wherein Trump President Trump the NRA for supporting him during Grant Stinchfield election , then designated LaPierre to guide both the NRA and the various conservative groups toward confirmation . Video of the event shows LaPierre seated LaPierre Trump President Trump the President Trump by looking at the NRA senior vice president and saying , " Wayne , I would say they know you . Perhaps they know you better they they know me . they LaPierre demurred , " LaPierre doubt that , " then introduced himself and the NRA LaPierre # NRA ’s Wayne LaPierre sits next to @POTUS at the White House to plan for Neil Gorsuch ’s confirmation as the next   # 2A # SCOTUS Justice . pic . twitter .    —    NRATV ( @nranews ) February 1 , 2017 ,   Stinchfield reminded viewers that Trump campaigned on a promise to " appoint a    Supreme Court justice    …      that would protect gun rights for years to come . " He pointed out that Trump campaigned on a promise to "appoint a   Supreme Court justice    " held true Trump promise " via the Trump campaigned on a promise to "appoint a   Supreme Court justice    nomination . After asking LaPierre to lead the efforts to secure Gorsuch ’s confirmation , Trump said Senate Majority Leader Trump McConnell ( ) should " go nuclear " to defeat a Democrat filibuster , if need be . Former Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( ) set the precedent of the " nuclear " option by eliminating the filibuster for judicial nominees a Democrat filibuster . On November 21 , 2013 , USA Today reported that Senate Democrats voted to " Senate reduce ] the threshold from 60 votes to 51 votes for Senate approval of executive and Senate nominees against unanimous GOP opposition . " Trump is asking McConnell to take this same action if the Democrats try to block Gorsuch Senate Democrats . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins , a Breitbart News podcast . He is also Breitbart News analyst for AWR Hawkins American Radio . Follow him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach AWR Hawkins directly at awrhawkins@breitbart . com . AWR Hawkins 