Former Disney Channel star Miley Cyrus asked Trump supporters to kiss Former Disney Channel star Miley Cyrus ass after complaining just a day earlier about the hate Former Disney Channel star Miley Cyrus was getting on social media . [ Former Disney Channel star Miley Cyrus has been vocal about Former Disney Channel star Miley Cyrus support for Hillary Clinton , and even campaigned for Former Disney Channel star Miley Cyrus in Virginia on Saturday .   During a conversation with a student , Former Disney Channel star Miley Cyrus complained that the 2016 presidential election had become " super hateful . " " When I go through my Instagram comments , when I post in support for Former Disney Channel star Miley Cyrus , I ca n’t believe some of the hate that I get , " Former Disney Channel star Miley Cyrus said , admitting that Former Disney Channel star Miley Cyrus " socials " helped Former Disney Channel star Miley Cyrus communicate with people around the country .   Former Disney Channel star Miley Cyrus urged young supporters to vote , and to bring young supporters friends to vote in the 2016 presidential election . " Love trumps hate , " Former Disney Channel star Miley Cyrus said before leaving the student ’s room . Just a day later , Cyrus posted a picture on Instagram telling people who did n’t vote for Clinton to kiss Former Disney Channel star Miley Cyrus ass . " Good morning ! ! ! ! Kiss my her ass you are n’t voting for Hillary Clinton " she wrote Clinton   Good morning ! ! ! ! Kiss my ashtanga ass Kiss her ass voting for @hillaryclinton # imwithher # mydreamistodoyogawithHC , A photo posted by Miley Cyrus ( @mileycyrus ) on Oct 23 , 2016 at 9:25am PDT ,   The singer and The Voice    has been a vocal critic of Trump throughout the 2016 campaign . In March , Cyrus vowed to move out of the United States if Trump were elected , calling him Trump " f*cking nightmare . Trump The singer has also previously complained The singer and The Voice    would not stop saying " stupid Trump sexist sh*t . "   Talking to bad a$$ students at VA GMU ! @hillaryclinton # imwithher , A photo posted by Miley Cyrus ( @mileycyrus ) on Oct 22 , 2016 at 5:19pm PDT ,    Campaigned for @hillaryclinton today in GMU in VA encouraging young people to volunteer and vote ! ! ! ! 💖 💖 💖 A photo posted by Miley Cyrus ( @mileycyrus ) on Oct 22 , 2016 at 2:20pm PDT , 
 