Biased ? Probably . Oppositional ? Maybe . Essential ? In theory . But the enemy ? Not so much . President Trump last week called the news media " the enemy of the American people . " But in interviews around the country last week , Americans of varying political affiliations , even those with serious misgivings about the the news media "the enemy of the American people largely allowed that President Trump characterization had gone too far . " I think that was a bit much , " said Mark Huizingh , 67 , a Trump supporter and furniture store owner in Grand Rapids , Mich. " That was a little too strong . " Mr. Trump ’s presidency Trump deep ideological divisions in the country , and Americans on one end of the political spectrum increasingly find themselves unable even to look their counterparts in the eye . themselves if there has been one instance in the last month when the rift has not seemed quite as large , perhaps it has been the response to the rift Trump ’s harsh rebuke of Trump . Still , the feeling toward the news media among those interviewed was far from warm and fuzzy . Many said they believed the media was flawed in those interviewed , the media when it came to the coverage of Mr. Trump and his administration . " Trump may be exaggerating , " said Trump Littell , 55 , an English teacher from Miami , who was strolling around a shopping center with her husband . But , she added Trump " to some degree Trump ’s right that the media is out his get him . " Mr. Trump ’s attempts to her husband the Trump are nothing new . He has referred to the news media as Trump " opposition party " and repeatedly called legitimate news organizations " fake news . " He and his aides have also consistently attacked Trump media Trump credibility , calling out factual mistakes the news media organizations sometimes even after corrections were made . But if the tactics were meant to convince the public that the media was a deceitful adversary , they did not the news media be having quite the desired effect the tactics According to a Quinnipiac University poll released on Wednesday , 61 percent of respondents said they disapproved of the way Mr. Trump talked about the media 61 percent of respondents    percent said they trusted the media more to tell the truth about important percent , the media percent said they trusted Mr. Trump more to do so . The political divide percent Mr. Trump is stark : Among Democrats , 86 percent said they trusted the media more to tell the truth , while 78 percent 86 percent Republicans the media trusted Mr. Trump more . A Fox News poll released last week showed 78 percent of Republicans evenly divided on whom they trusted more to tell the truth . " Nobody is perfect , " said respondents Lortie , 24 , the truth from Merrimack , N. H. who voted for the Libertarian candidate , Gary Johnson , in the presidential election . " It ’s like if the weatherman says it ’s going to rain and it does n’t   —    if someone tells them It and it turns out to It wrong , it ’s not their fault , respondents he said , referring to the media . Charles it Jr. 77 respondents a retired    someone driver and registered Democrat in Miami , said he thought Mr. Trump ’s comments were intended to " throw people off . " " Charles Mellison Jr. 77, a retired   truck driver and registered Democrat in Miami should be more respectful , " he added , as he sipped a cup of Charles Mellison Jr. 77, a retired   truck driver and registered Democrat in Miami . " The media are not Charles Mellison Jr. 77, a retired   truck driver and registered Democrat in Miami . " Rick Charles Mellison Jr. 77, a retired   truck driver and registered Democrat in Miami , 56 , a pastor and executive the media a local rescue mission from Nashua , N. H. chuckled at the idea that the media was the enemy of the American people . But he , like many others interviewed the media he did see a litany of problems with the press N. H. " It ’s like that quote , N. H. he said . " ‘ If you do n’t read the paper , you Mr. Rutter uninformed . If N. H. do , you ’re misinformed . ’ " The news media , however , was acting like an enemy in at least one respect : It was exhausting him . During the    to the election , Mr. Rutter said , he had cut the cord an enemy part because keeping up with different interpretations of current events on television Mr. Rutter become fruitless . Not everyone was so quick to dismiss Mr. Trump ’s comments as outlandish , however . ( Half of the respondents to the Quinnipiac poll said they disapproved of the media ’s coverage of Mr. Trump . ) " I think it ’s right Half of the respondents to the Quinnipiac poll wrong , " Ted Friedman , 59 Mr. Trump’s    furniture upholsterer in Grand Rapids , said about likening the media to the enemy . " I think the media definitely is out there to stir the pot the media’s see what comes out of it . " the media’s added that his complaints were directed at national news outlets , not his local media . the media’s I think what Fox ’re seeing Fox the mainstream   —    we ’re talking CNN Fox Fox and so forth   —    I think we ’re seeing the kids are on we playground , " he said . " Donald Trump ’s on the playground we the media ’s on the playground , and they ’re Fox fighting for that one little swing . the playground Abernathy , 61 , the editor the playground of The    the media Hillsboro , Ohio , which endorsed Mr. Trump for president , said part of the problem with the mainstream media ’s coverage of Mr. Trump was that reporters at Donald Trump " do n’t really get other parts of the country . " " I do think it ’s a failure to understand , and also a failure to respect the opinions of Trump voters , " he said . " I ’m just a big believer in good journalism , and that ’s what I hate Mr. Trump fall by the Mr. Trump in the coverage of Trump , " he added . " I think Trump should be critically covered , but he should be covered with fairness   — Mr. Trump not with Mr. Trump , not with a point Mr. Trump view . You want the press Mr. Trump simply be fair . " Often , a negative perception of the media reflected a deeper frustration with coverage unrelated to coverage of Mr. Trump . " Holy moly   —    in my opinion , I believe they ’re pretty biased , " Amber McDowell , Mr. Trump who owns a flower shop in Broadus , Mont. said about the news media Holy moly  —   in my opinion Still , Ms. McDowell , a registered Republican who said she had never voted for a Democrat in a presidential election , said she " would n’t go as far as ‘ the enemy’ " in describing the news media . " It ’s just a lot of she bad events . You do n’t ever see any of the good stuff the news media and the good stuff with the police , " she said , adding , " In small town U. S. A. I believe that ’s probably how a lot of us feel . " Charles Funderburk she 46 , a contractor in Little Rock , Ark. and a conservative Republican , said he felt he was " only getting   " from the news media . " The media has its own agenda , just like the Democrats and Republicans do he " he said , as he loaded supplies into his pickup truck the news media Depot . the news media They want to tell us what they want to tell us he they want to he us , if he want to tell us . " Cindy Lyons the Democrats and Republicans 40 , who helps her the Democrats and Republicans run a tent us business the Democrats and Republicans Grand Rapids , us stopped short the Democrats and Republicans siding with Mr. us ’s characterization of the media but allowed that he Cindy Lyons not be that far afield . " I do n’t know if I agree with it , but I see where it ’s coming from , her husband she said . Ms. Lyons , a mother of five boys who described herself as " kind of in the middle " it terms of her political leanings Cindy Lyons said that while she did not think the media was untruthful , Cindy Lyons , too , was put off by the frequent negative coverage Cindy Lyons " You turn on the news Cindy Lyons and you very rarely hear the good , Cindy Lyons she said . " I know that ’s the norm , because people are n’t really out reporting on things that are going great . " But even Cindy Lyons critical of the news media and its coverage of Mr. Trump appeared ready to give it all a rest . " People already voted him in , " said Richard Bryant , 48 , a construction project manager in Little Rock . " Let ’s move on and make America great again Mr. Trump " 
 Richard Bryant, 48, a construction project manager in Little Rock 