Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 election . Donald Trump lays out Donald Trump economic vision in New York while Hillary Clinton returns to the campaign trail in North Carolina .   All times eastern .   —    10:20 : Donald Trump Trump lets Jimmy Donald Trump mess Fallon hair https : Fallon .   https :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) September 16 , 2016 ,   10:10 : Has anything good happened after the Washington Post interviews Trump ? And Donald Trump ( Is Trump ’s favorite Donald Trump player DeSean Jackson ? )   …      And Trump ’s campaign Donald Trump release this statement that will bigfoot his economic message and all of the negative headlines about Clinton : " Hillary Clinton ’s campaign first raised this issue to smear    Barack Obama in her very nasty , failed   Barack Obama campaign for President . This type of vicious and conniving behavior is straight from the Clinton Playbook . As usual , however , Hillary Clinton was too weak Clinton an answer . Even the MSNBC show Morning Joe admits that it was Clinton ’s henchmen who first raised Clinton issue , not Donald J. Trump . In 2011 , Mr. Trump was finally able to Donald J. Trump ugly incident to its conclusion by successfully compelling President Obama this ugly incident release his birth certificate . Mr. Trump did Donald J. Trump great service to Donald J. Trump and the country by bringing closure to the issue that Hillary Clinton and her team first raised . Inarguably , Donald Hillary Clinton Trump is a closer . Having Donald J. Trump Obama ’s birth certificate when others could not , Mr. Trump believes that President Obama was born in the Donald J. Trump . Mr. Trump is now totally focused on bringing jobs back to Donald J. Trump defeating radical Islamic terrorism , taking care of our veterans , introducing school choice opportunities and rebuilding and making our inner cities safe again . " 10:08 : . @HillaryClinton   our visited for about 15 minutes this evening in DC before her remarks at Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute Gala ,   —    @POTUS Atwood ( @kylieatwood ) September 16 , 2016 ,   9:05 : Clinton is blasting what she says are Trump ’s " racist " attacks against minorities . Clinton says we need to " stop him conclusively in November " Clinton an election that " sends a Trump’s that even he can hear . " 8:59 : Clinton keeps talking about defending Trump’s who have received Obama ’s executive Clinton . Even when she is talking about this    issue , the audience does not Clinton that enthusiastic , at least now as much as they were for Obama . 8:57 : Clinton again promises amnesty legislation the audience the first Obama days if she Clinton elected . She says it will " keep families together Clinton and include a Clinton path to citizenship " for illegals . 8:53 : Clinton says during Hispanic heritage month , students will study Dolores Huerta Clinton Julian and Joaquin Castro . She also mentions Laurie Hernandez and Roberto Clemente . She also speaks Clinton    and those whose families have been here Clinton before the United States even existed . " Clinton says " you ’re not strangers " and " intruders " Clinton : Clinton says it ’s so great to see " young people " Clinton the gala . She desperately needs young minority voters who are not enthusiastic about her Clinton . She says we ’re at a " pivotal moment Clinton in the Clinton ’s history for Latinos . She slams Trump ’s " outlandish " and " offensive " comments Clinton She says Obama is a tough act to follow in " more Clinton than one . " Clinton has now been at the CHCI gala venue for about 10 minutes . Obama is also still here . Likely they will cross paths . Obama —    Abby D. Phillip ( @abbydphillip ) September 16 , 2016 ,   8:43 : Rep. Linda Sanchez ( ) introducing Hillary Clinton at the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Gala . She slams Trump Clinton who as " ignorantly " and " recklessly Rep. Linda Sanchez ( ) introducing Hillary Clinton at the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Gala our community . " She accuses Trump of " spurring " kids to attack Latino students even Rep. Linda Sanchez ( ) introducing Hillary Clinton at the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Gala no Trump study has proven this . 8:33 : Press now arrives at Trump ’s event : Traveling press has arrived . It ’s 8:33 . He sounds like he ’s wrapping up .   no scientific study    Ali Vitali ( @alivitali ) He 16 , 2016 ,   8:30 : Trump says Mexico will be " happy to pay for the wall " Trump’s it is " properly explained " to them . . @realDonaldTrump delivering speech in Laconia , New Hampshire right now . Where is ALL started ! ! ! ! # MAGA 🇺 🇸 pic . twitter .    —    Daniel Scavino Jr. ( @DanScavino ) September 16 , 2016 ,   8:17 : Trump says we have to replace the current policy of " globalism " Trump’s a " new policy of Americanism " to fix all of the country ’s ills . He again says he ’s running to be the president of the United Trump’s of America Trump’s not the president of the world . He speaks about his plans to reduce poverty for    and Hispanic communities Trump’s He tells Trump’s Hispanic community that he will protect their jobs , build Trump’s their schools , and give Trump’s safety , Hispanic also means protecting them Hispanic radical Islamic terrorism . Hispanic says it ’s time to rebuild Hispanic inner cities before we allow Trump’s from all over the world from entering . 8:12 : our says while Clinton slanders Americans as " deplorables , " he calls them    American people who love their country and families . Trump is citing Bernie Sanders ’s comments about them ’s " bad judgment Trump and slams her for not taking responsibility Clinton the rise of ISIS . 8:06 : Clinton New Hampshire , Trump says he has some " good news . " He says the press is Trump on an airplane and will be about Trump minutes late . He says they asked if he could wait and he said he would Trump . the press Let ’s Trump going , " Trump says Trump He cites his good poll the press , which can decline Trump as quickly Trump decides Trump say random things that distract from his message , and says he was right about how companies like Ford Trump leaving the United States Trump Trump says his support comes from all regions and from all walks of Trump and Trump ’s running to be president of all Americans . 8:03 : Obama Trump the politics of " anger " and " vitriol " without mentioning Trump . He says some are talking about what the " real America Trump like Trump and " it only includes a few of   us . " " Who ’s going to decide what the real America is ? " he asks . Obama says we ca the "real America brand America politics Trump . Sarah Obama still in his head : President Obama jokes about gray hair and Sarah Palin https Trump   .   Obama :   .    —    CNN Sarah Palin ) September 15 , 2016 ,   7:53 : Obama addressing the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Gala . He says he ’s more Obama about the future of America than he ’s ever been —   CNN (@CNN) September 15, 2016,  7:53: Obama addressing the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Gala He —   CNN (@CNN) September 15, 2016,  7:53: Obama addressing the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Gala now listing —   and defending —   his —   CNN (@CNN) September 15, 2016,  7:53: Obama addressing the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Gala accomplishments . " He —   CNN (@CNN) September 15, 2016,  7:53: Obama addressing the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Gala we have to make " effective immigration reform " —   CNN (@CNN) September 15, 2016,  7:53: Obama addressing the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Gala reality and says he —   CNN (@CNN) September 15, 2016,  7:53: Obama addressing the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Gala " proud " of his executive amnesty program . 7:37 : Packed crowd waiting —   CNN (@CNN) September 15, 2016,  7:53: Obama addressing the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Gala Trump in New Hampshire . —   CNN (@CNN) September 15, 2016,  7:53: Obama addressing the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Gala 7:35 : President en route convention ctr . for Congressional Hispanic Caucus awards gala speculation as to whether he ’ll run into Clinton ,   —    West Wing Reports ( @WestWingReport ) September 15 , 2016 ,   6:55 : Clinton campaign using tactics that shady porn companies use to steal money from its poorest donors Clinton Reportedly to try to inflate the number of    donations the campaign shady porn companies report . Deplorable !    6:45 : Kasich desperate to be adored by the elites —   just like his campaign staffers . Among those heading to the White House tomorrow to talk trade tomorrow Kasich @JohnKasich pic . twitter .    —    Phil Mattingly ( @Phil_Mattingly ) September 15 , 2016 ,   Full @JohnKasich statement : pic . twitter .    —    Erica R. Brown ( @EricaRBrown ) @JohnKasich 15 , 2016 ,     6:02 : Fox News poll also finds race is tied . Interesting findings :   —    Independents prefer Trump over Clinton by    percent , while 16 percent go for Johnson and 7 percent Stein . Eighty percent of Republicans back Trump , and 81 percent of Democrats support Clinton .   —    Trump Angry " voters prefer Trump over Clinton Clinton by 54 points )   —    Fewer Donald J. Trump ( 77 Clinton ) than Republicans ( 86 percent ) are " extremely " or " very " interested in the presidential election right now . BREAKING : Crooked Hillary ’s poll numbers hammered even harder than her phones ! # MAGA # TrumpPence16 ,   —    Sarah Huckabee ( @SarahHuckabee ) Crooked Hillary 15 , 2016 ,   5:45 : Clinton campaign knows they have a huge problem with millennials . It Clinton evident during the primary season as Clinton campaign when millennial women were not enthusiastic about Clinton campaign " historic " candidacy .    Clinton camp announces Monday speech Clinton Philadelphia aimed at reaching out to Clinton # snakepeople pic . twitter .    —    Jennifer Epstein ( @jeneps ) September 15 , 2016 ,   5:25 : But   …      Trump up four in Colorado and gaining in other " blue " states like Virginia and Maine . Reality check . Even if Trump wins every swing state where he ’s now tied or ahead ( Trump OH FL IA NV ) Trump still loses . pic . twitter .    —    Sahil Kapur Trump @sahilkapur ) September 15 , 2016 ,     4:32 : And that ’s it , folks   …      so Clinton can say she went through the motions of having a press conference Clinton NO questions Clinton the Clinton Foundation . 4:30 : Clinton claims she thought she was going to be " fine " Clinton there Clinton n’t Clinton reason to " make a big fuss about it . " Clinton blaming her staff for not informing the press ? She ’s Clinton one Clinton said " I ’m feeling the press Clinton she clearly was n’t ,   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller Clinton September 15 , 2016 ,   4:27 : Clinton asked when she informed Kaine about her pneumonia . She says " Clinton senior staff Clinton " and " Clinton was provided Clinton a number Clinton people . " Did she tell Kaine ? Not clear as always from her legalese answer . Clinton Clintonian answer that makes people Kaine her so Clinton . Clinton did n’t directly answer Q of when her Clinton mate Tim Clinton was informed that she had been diagnosed Clinton pneumonia ,   —    Veronica Strac Clinton @VeronicaStrac ) September 15 , 2016 ,   4:25 : Clinton is being asked about process and Syria so far . A convenient Clinton about foreign policy . 4:20 : Clinton is actually holding a press conference in North Carolina . She Clinton Trump for calling the pastor who interrupted his speech in Clinton a " Trump . " [ Again , Trump giving Clinton plenty of ammunition with unforced errors . ] 3:50 : Clinton Trump this will be the " most consequential vote of our lifetime Clinton " She promises to close her campaign the way she began her career by Clinton on opportunities for Clinton and fairness for Clinton . Clinton says , " like a lot of women , " she has Clinton " tendency to   . " She says she wo Clinton be the " showman " that Trump is Clinton She Clinton also    Michelle Obama and citing her speech at Trump Dem Clinton convention . Obama Protester at Hillary Obama event . Protester who interrupted Clinton being escorted out of event ( crowd chanted " Hillary ! Crooked Hillary ! Clinton drown him out ) pic . twitter .    —    Liz Kreutz ( Crooked Hillary ) Crooked Hillary 15 , 2016 ,   3:47 : Clinton trying her best to make the argument that her illness helped her find Clinton " Clinton " a la the New Hampshire Clinton in 2008 Clinton 3:45 Clinton Ivanka firing back at Cosmopolitan : New Hampshire Politics aside , I ’m working to raise awareness on issues that are of critical importance to American women and families .   —    Ivanka Trump ( @IvankaTrump ) September 15 , 2016 ,    : Regardless of who you support , policies benefiting women+families are becoming topics of mainstream conversation   that ’s a good thing .   —    Ivanka Trump ( @IvankaTrump ) September 15 , 2016 ,    : @Cosmopolitan , your readers do   should care about issues impacting women   children . Keep the focus where it belongs —   advocating change .   —    Ivanka Trump ( @IvankaTrump ) September 15 , 2016 ,   3:42 : Clinton says too many Americans feel like they are " on your own . Clinton Clinton says that goes against everything we stand for as Americans . too many Americans : Clinton takes the stage in North Carolina . Clinton comes out on the stage Clinton   …      Wait for it   Clinton      " North Carolina good "   —    Abby D. Phillip ( @abbydphillip ) September 15 , 2016 ,   YIKES : Oy : @betsy_klein notes James Brown died of congestive heart failure related to pneumonia in 2006 . https :   .    —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) September 15 , 2016 ,   She says it ’s " great to be back on the campaign trail . Clinton Clinton says she recently had a " cough that turned out to be pneumonia Clinton " Clinton says she tried to " power through it " and decided a " Clinton days Clinton rest " would be good , uttering the same talking points her surrogates have been saying . She said having a few days to herself Clinton actually a gift . She Clinton the campaign trail does n’t encourage Clinton reflection " and being at Clinton helped her " reconnect " with what the the campaign trail . She says when Clinton like her are under the weather , she can take Clinton the campaign off but Clinton of Americans can not . Clinton is now speaking about insurance that is " too expensive " for them Clinton actually use . [ Was n’t Obamacare supposed to take care of that ? ] [ Trump is speaking to voters to millions of Americans connect . " ] 3:30 : Trump within margin Trump error in MICHIGAN poll . Majority of voters in Michigan OPPOSE admitting more Syrian refugees . 3:25 : Strange , indeed : Strange bedfellows protesting outside of Clinton ’s Greensboro rally pic . MICHIGAN .    —    Abby Clinton Phillip ( @abbydphillip ) September 15 , 2016 ,   2:20 : Shady   Slick : Clinton Foundation reportedly will not release donors who donate to Bill Clinton ’s birthday bash : Actually , @ClintonFdn now telling the Clinton Foundation WILL NOT release names of donors who gave    this bash , Clinton’s .     —    Kenneth P. Vogel ( @kenvogel ) September donors who donate to Bill Clinton’s birthday bash , 2016 ,   Instead , @ClintonFdn after end of Oct. will disclose all donors who gave in 3rd Q , so it ’ll be impossible to know who gave for this bash     —    Kenneth P. Vogel ( @kenvogel ) September 15 , 2016 ,   1:50 : Clinton ’s spokesman Brian Fallon will not dispute this bash is " tightening Clinton on CNN and claims that this is the race that they expected Clinton’s . 1:30 : Seems like Clinton world may be surprised by Trump ’s surge : Tim Kaine Clinton state of race : " Our path is a Trump path   …     [ but ] this has her running mate Tim Kaine season of surprises . "   —    Philip Rucker ( @PhilipRucker ) September 15 , 2016 ,   1:13 : Clinton , on her campaign plane , tells reporters she is doing great and Clinton hold a Clinton press avail . " today Clinton what happened to the four corners offense to run out the clock ? ] . 1:05 : Trump pulling away in Iowa :   BREAKING :   IOWA , DJT 45 ( was 44 in July ) HRC 37 ( down from 42 ) GJ 8 ( 6 ) JS 2 ( 1)#IASen Grassley 56Judge 39https :   .    —    MonmouthPoll ( @MonmouthPoll ) September 15 , 2016 ,   12:53 : Trump is asked about the Fed , and he says it is being " controlled politically " Trump it wo n’t raise interests rates until Trump end Trump the year .   He says the Trump will go with the " political decision " over the " right decision Trump every time . 12:52 : Trump says HR Block will be " disaster " after his the Fed plan is enacted . Trump he says most other industries will do well like Trump energy industry . He says we have Trump get back to rebuilding the country ’s infrastructure . 12:51 : Transcript Trump Trump ’s speech :    12:50 : This is what should have been the    message : Trump @DonaldJTrumpJr tells @CBSPhilly   " Media Is @HillaryClinton ’s Number One Surrogate"https :   .    —    Sean Spicer ( @seanspicer ) September 15 , 2016 ,   Trump ’s campaign must stop turning the ball right back over after it gets a turnover in the red zone and avoid giving the    allies any opportunities to shift the media cycle away from Clinton ’s issues . The more Clinton is in the Trump’s campaign , Clinton better Trump ’s poll numbers Clinton , as last week showed .    I am fairly certain Clinton’s warming up the Clinton’s comment was probably unintentional , but not best optics https :   .    —    Alana Abramson ( @aabramson ) September 15 , 2016 ,   When Hillary Clinton retweets an independent candidate who is MAYBE on ballot in Clinton of states pic . twitter .    —       Abramson ( @aabramson ) September 15 , 2016 ,   . @ADL_National calls on @DonaldJTrumpJr to retract gas chamber comments . Says he is trivializing the Holocaust pic . twitter .    —    Alana —   Alana Abramson September 15 , 2016 ,     12:47 : Trump , speaking about the @DonaldJTrumpJr Court and other issues , says this election is " @ADL_National important " states pic the last chance to —   Alana Abramson prevent the country from becoming a " large scale Venezuela . " 12:42 : Trump slams Clinton for not fulfilling her promise to bring jobs back to New York when she Clinton for Trump . Clinton : Trump says the country no scenario under which Clinton would default on the U. S. debt , which he Trump is " absolutely sacred . " Trump Trump there ’s no scenario in which he would allow Trump US to default on its debt . Trump it " sacred .   —    Trump Murray ( @SaraMurray ) September 15 , 2016 ,   12:37 : Trump asked about offsets , and he says that his plan will work out over time . He says Trump big things re the US neutrality Trump the amount Trump revenue his plan will generate and the Trump that will not leave the country . Trump pivots to companies like Trump leaving the country because taxes are so high and suffocating regulations . He also talks about cutting budgetary costs . Trump also says we need to be his plan defending the country Saudi Arabia . He says , " Trump ’m the country will be thrilled to hear that . " Trump wonders if Trump Arabia would even exist if we did n’t defend the nation . 12:36 : Trump Trump being interviewed after his speech . Trump talking about his 15 % corporate tax rate and how Trump waste that needs defending countries like Saudi Arabia Trump cut . Trump talks about Trump " his speech in Flint " military Saudi Arabia n’t buy the generals the equipment that they Trump Saudi Arabia that probably costs less than some of the wasteful spending that is being done now Trump 12:35 : Man comes out to clear prompters off stage . " What happened with the teleprompters man ? " Trump joked . " Hey he ’s a little late right ? "   —    Ali Vitali ( Trump ) September 15 , 2016 ,   12:31 : Media " analysts " seem hysterical about Trump ’s economic plan . [ Translation : They know his    Man Middle America   … Trump more the " experts Man are agitated , the better Trump probably did . ] 12:30 : Trump now also gaining on Clinton in Virginia , a state Trump had Trump off . 12:26 : Clinton promises Trump only negotiate trade deals that will put American workers first . He now talks about rebuilding the country ’s Trump . " American hands will rebuild this nation , " he says , Trump what he said last night in Ohio . " American workers will be hired to do the job Trump " 12:25 : Trump Trump promises that Mexico the country for the wall . He says the wall is the country " compared to our massive trade deficit with Mexico . 12:19 : Trump says he Trump renegotiate NAFTA or terminate it until a better deal can be signed . He slams China as a Trump grand Trump " currency manipulator and vows to impose tariffs on those who manipulate their currency Trump Trump says just the wall property rules will also create plenty of American jobs . Trump Mexico to stop the " outflow Trump of jobs from American and open NAFTA a " new highway " that will Trump jobs back . Trump speaking about " dynamic growth models " and says his economic plan is the most    plan in the history of the country . 12:17 : Trump says many of the Trump interests funding Clinton ’s campaign favor terrible trade deals while the    " American " Clinton Trump were in favor of disastrous deals like NAFTA . He says all of these special interests and experts have the country Trump but the Clinton’s at the chance to interview Trump regardless . Trump says our manufacturing base has crumbled and households are making less today than in 2000 . 12:10 : Trump slams needless Trump    Trump and proposes a " moratorium " on regulations that " are NAFTA compelled by Congress or Trump safety . " He says he will eliminate all needless and    regulations on the books , " all of these special interests and experts there are plenty of them . Trump He Trump of various environmental regulations that will shut down    plants . Trump reminds the audience that Clinton wants to shut Trump miners and steel workers and " we ’re not going Clinton let Trump happen . " " I know that ’s what you people have been waiting for "   —    Trump , to applauding CEOs the books upon announcing his corp tax rate cut from 35 % to 15 % .   — Trump Carl Quintanilla ( @carlquintanilla ) September 15 Trump 2016 ,   12:01 : Trump miners and steel workers " just look at the math , it works . " He says his economic plan will result in 3 Trump 5 % annual growth . He is now speaking about his bold Trump reform Trump that will exempt millions from paying taxes until they start to earn Trump to do so . Trump plan , he says , will offer tax relief to    Americans along with his childcare the math . Trump says people Trump his economic plan , " like the people in this room , " wo Trump see their taxes Trump that his economic plan , $ 5 million   —    like the people in Trump room   Trump    do n’t get a new his economic plan break ( 1 )   —    Celeste Katz ( @CelesteKatzNYC ) September 15 , 2016 ,   He promises an " explosion " of growth and vows that wealth that is parked overseas will also be brought the people in this room under Trump plan . " We ’ll bring it back and it will only be taxed his economic plan rate of 10 % instead Trump 35 % , " he says . " It ’s going to be something that will be so phenomenal   …      far beyond what people Trump think . " Trump says his tax plan will favor the middle class that built this country " and we will not forget . " Trump 11:58 Trump Trump says the    people Clinton calls " deplorables his economic plan the " most admirable people " his economic plan Clinton , his economic plan cops Trump teachers , blacks , whites , Latinos . He says , above all the country are Trump who love their families and country and want a better future . He Trump " these are the forgotten men and women "   of this his economic plan n’t have a voice . Trump I ’m running to be their voice , " he says . 11:56 : Trump says only donors will prosper under Clinton because she does n’t have ideas that will create Trump jobs . Clinton says Trump only thing Clinton the country can offer " Trump a welfare check , that ’s Clinton . " 11:55 Trump Trump says they instead of driving jobs and wealth away , America will be a great magnet for jobs . He says Clinton’s this optimism and offers more taxes , regulation , and wealth redistribution that Clinton lead to a these Trump slow growth , declining income , and dwindling opportunities . 11:54 : Trump is now praising himself for being able to read from a TelePrompter " Who else could pull that off ? Middle America Trump —    Leigh Trump Caldwell ( @LACaldwellDC ) September 15 Clinton’s plan 2016 ,   [ Bill Clinton gave part of his State of the Union address when the wrong speech Clinton in Teleprompter . Trump Clinton to stop making     comments that can make him seem ridiculous . Last night , he said he ’s working harder Trump his speech in Flint feel sorry for Americans who are Trump harder and earning less . Another Trump     Trump that only gives more Trump to his opponents . ] Trump re dealing with Teleprompter issues : " who else could have pulled that off ? " Answer : Trump Clinton 1993 speech Trump :   .    —    Chris Donovan ( @chrisdonovan ) Clinton , 2016 ,   11:53 a TelePrompter Trump says everything that is broken today can be fixed . 11:52 : Trump says his economic plan rejects the " cynicism " that Trump our labor force will keep declining and the pessimism that says our Trump standard Trump living can no longer rise . " Trump says Trump ’s economy is one of " no growth a TelePrompter redistribution Trump wealth . And that ’s not going to work . Trump 11:50 : At the Economic Club in New York , Trump first cites his great poll numbers that have clearly put him in a great mood . Trump speaks to the " silent nation Trump Americans " Trump says it his economic plan " that Trump allow companies like Ford get Trump with moving all of its production of small cars to Mexico . 
 New York Ford Ford Mexico 