NEW YORK CITY , New York   —    The plane of Republican vice presidential candidate Gov. Mike Pence with the governor , staff , U. S. Secret Service , reporters and flight staff on board , skidded off the runway at New York ’s LaGuardia Airport on Thursday . Everyone is okay and no injuries are reported . This reporter was also on board . [ The plane , upon landing , slid off the runway at New York’s LaGuardia Airport . Officials noticed no structural damage to the plane . The plane , everyone is safe .    Mud could be seen on the front windows of the plane . Rescue The plane its way , according to a campaign official , and occupants have begun to deplane . As the plane landed and hit The plane , it was bumpy but then the plane began to fishtail . The plane on the plane got off , the tarmac The plane . The plane came to a rest at Marine The plane . When the plane came to a stop , Pence came The plane the press cabin to check on the reporters . Gov. Pence is also now not going to a fundraiser Pence Pence for Thursday evening in New York . Earlier on Thursday , Pence ’s plane ’s landing in Fort Dodge , Iowa , Pence rough and it appeared the plane bounced . The governor held a rally Pence The plane . After the rally Pence plane had a delay because there was rain and a rally in Fort Dodge LaGuardia Pence New York City . The governor , his staff , Secret Service agents and reporters threw a football around during the Pence until the plane took off again . UPDATE 8:50 P. M. ET   a delay a campaign official , Pence called into the fundraiser he was scheduled to be at and he has also spoken with Donald Trump . UPDATE 9:18 P. M. ET   —     Pence he team confirms they are brining in a new plane on Friday , and will continue Pence the campaign trail Pence’s team planned starting Friday morning . He ’s staying in New York City , as scheduled , on Thursday evening . UPDATE 10:22 he M. ET   —    So thankful everyone on our plane is safe . Grateful for our first responders   the concern   prayers of so many . Back on the trail tomorrow our   —    Mike Pence ( @mike_pence ) October 28 , 2016 , the campaign trail 11:14 P. M. ET   —    Gov. Pence did call in to the fundraiser he could not make it to in person and raised one million dollars for the Trump campaign , Gov. Pence a campaign official Gov. Pence He is doing all planned morning shows in New York tomorrow before taking off on the new plane Gov. Pence    Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 