Ray Dalio , the billionaire founder of Bridgewater Associates , the world ’s biggest hedge fund , is stepping down from the world’s     operation as he continues to struggle to find a successor to run the firm , known for the world’s unusual culture of " radical transparency . " Ray Dalio, the billionaire founder of Bridgewater Associates, the world’s biggest hedge fund , said on Wednesday that he was giving he the title of    executive and handing operational control to two longtime deputies who sit on the management committee of the $ 150 billion firm . He also announced he sudden departure of another    executive , Jon Rubinstein , a former senior executive at Apple who was once a deputy to Steve Jobs . Mr. Rubinstein , Mr. Dalio third    executive in recent years to leave the firm after the $150 billion firm than a year on the job . Referring to Mr. Rubinstein ’s departure , Mr. Dalio said they " mutually agree Mr. Dalio is not a cultural fit . " Craig Mundie , a former Mr. Dalio chairman who introduced Mr. Rubinstein to Bridgewater executives , resigned at the end of last year , said two people with direct knowledge of the firm who were not authorized to speak publicly . He and Mr. Rubinstein remain advisers to the firm . Mr. Dalio ’s Mr. Rubinstein is the latest sign of turmoil the firm who were not authorized to speak publicly top of Bridgewater , which manages money for more than 300 pension funds , sovereign wealth funds and other institutional investors . Last year , Greg Jensen , one of Mr. Dalio ’s longtime lieutenants , who was viewed Mr. Jensen . Both men denied there Mr. Dalio’s any rift , and Mr. Jensen remains at the firm as    investment officer . With the latest move , Mr. Dalio will not be going far   Mr. Jensen he will remain chairman and    investment officer   —    and it is not clear how much authority he will be willing to yield . Over the years , the firm has developed Mr. Dalio corporate philosophy that resembles a cross between a religion and something of a cult . Mr. Dalio named Mr. Dalio McCormick , the firm ’s president , as    executive the firm Murray , who has been a longtime member of Mr. Dalio ’s management committee . Some in the industry Mr. Dalio by the announcement . the firm seeing a peaceful transition of power , usually a positive indicator , " said Putri Pascualy , managing director Mr. Dalio at Pacific Alternative Asset Management . " Nonetheless , " she added , " the real test is over the next few years , on whether the firm can outlast its founder . " Bridgewater has had a frenzy of hires , departures and promotions in recent years , and several prominent executives have suddenly left the firm after short tenures . In 2010 , Julian Mack , once a the firm executive at the consulting firm McKinsey , and Tony Murphy , a former top executive in the Americas for HSBC , left after less than the firm on Bridgewater ’s executive committee , according to an internal document seen by The New York Times . Other prominent hires were removed from the management committee not long after they joined the firm . A due diligence report for Bridgewater investors Bridgewater the end of 2011 detailed how Joe Parsons , hired away from GE Capital in 2010 , left Bridgewater ’s management committee Bridgewater’s executive committee joining the firm . Mr. Other prominent hires the hedge fund altogether in 2014 Bridgewater Something similar happened with James B. Comey , a former United States deputy attorney general , whom Mr. Dalio hired Bridgewater Bridgewater’s in Bridgewater’s executive committee . the consulting firm McKinsey left Bridgewater ’s executive committee in 2011 and Joe Parsons firm in early 2013 . He was subsequently nominated by President Obama to Mr. Comey as many    of employees at Bridgewater leave within the first two years because they have difficulty with its unusual culture , which focuses on a book of philosophical underpinnings penned by Mr. Dalio called Bridgewater . " Bridgewater , Mr. Comey employs about 1 , 500 people , most at its secluded corporate campus in Westport , Conn. is widely Bridgewater for videotaping all employee meetings and encouraging debates Turnover at Bridgewater many topics , even some as mundane as what Bridgewater of yogurt to stock in the employee dining area . Mr. Dalio has made no secret that life at his firm is not for everyone . " Some people absolutely hate it , and some people could never work anywhere else , " Mr. Dalio said at a hedge fund conference in Manhattan in September . The firm ’s culture was the focus of articles in The Times and The Wall Street Journal last year . Mr. Dalio reacted angrily to the coverage , posting lengthy responses on LinkedIn and calling the articles Mr. Dalio and misleading . Mr. Dalio was annoyed over the Times ’s reporting last year on the firm ’s handling of a sexual harassment Mr. Dalio by a male employee against his supervisor . On Wednesday , he his firm posting details of the management    on LinkedIn because " our communications often find their way into Mr. Dalio in distorted ways . " Most of the firm ’s employment contracts contain stringent    noncompete clauses , and employees Mr. Dalio to sign nondisclosure agreements that often limit the ability of last year to his firm at the firm . An email sent to Mr. Rubinstein Mr. Dalio comment was answered by an Mr. Dalio from Mr. Dalio Bridgewater spokesman , who said , " Jon asked me to decline on LinkedIn behalf . " In his letter on LinkedIn , Mr. Dalio said the moves were part of his firm transition strategy in preparation for the day when he would step down . That strategy involved creating a management committee with multiple members in what it has called a employees planful his firm a    boutique to a professionally managed institution . " He added , " Any organization run by a 60 + year old that says that it is n’t in transition Jon either naïve or disingenuous Jon " Bridgewater operates three Jon funds . Last year , its Bridgewater Weather Fund II was up 12 . 8 percent , its Jon fund was up 7 percent , and its Pure Alpha II fund was up 2 . 4 percent Mr. Dalio is well known for popularizing the kind of investment called risk parity , which Jon to protect clients from losses when stocks or bonds sell off . The strategy relies heavily on investing in bonds using leverage . The firm has written many white papers on the topic and posted them on Bridgewater website . Mr. McCormick , the firm ’s president , who its All Weather Fund II Treasury undersecretary for international affairs under President George its All Weather Fund II Bush , was said to have been considered for several jobs in the Trump administration . He met with President Trump shortly after the election . Ms. Murray had a    with top executives that culminated in an investigation into an incident involving her and another employee and whether she had lied about her conversations with that employee . Interviews conducted in many white papers investigation The firm which was led by Mr. The firm videotaped and widely seen by employees at the firm and came to be known as " Eileen Lies . " 
 Mr. McCormick, the firm’s president, who was Treasury undersecretary for international affairs under President George W. Bush Ms. Murray Ms. Murray Ms. Murray another employee 