David Bossie , president of Citizens United , offered David Bossie, president of Citizens United take on Donald Trump ’s North Carolina speech on Friday morning ’s edition of Breitbart News Daily . [ " Last night ’s speech , and David Bossie, president of Citizens United new tone that you ’re discussing , is something that ’s important for David Bossie, president of Citizens United   —    not just to say once , " David Bossie, president of Citizens United told SiriusXM host Alex Marlow . " It needs to be something that David Bossie, president of Citizens United takes to heart as David Bossie, president of Citizens United moves forward in David Bossie, president of Citizens United campaign   —    today , tomorrow , every day , wake up and say that to David Bossie, president of Citizens United , because when you ’re running for President , you have to be someone who is trying to be President of all of the American people , whether the American people vote for you or not . "   " That ’s the one key element that Donald Trump needs to get better at , and if Donald Trump gets better at that , Donald Trump ’s gon na win , " Bossie stressed . " That ’s the presidential test . That ’s when the American people , wherever they live the American people the United States , when they go the American people the ballot box , they are the American people to themselves , the American people can this person be President , my President?’ That ’s important , and my God , I am so glad that he has my God that . " Bossie also saluted Trump for apologizing for previous harsh rhetoric , saying it was part of " the Bannon and Kellyanne Conway effect , " a reference to the new chairs of the Trump campaign Trump Steve Bannon of Breitbart News and pollster Kellyanne Conway . " It ’s vital that the conservative movement , as a whole , come together , lock arms , and defeat Hillary Clinton , " Bossie stressed . " I know that a lot of my friends in the conservative the conservative movement happy with Donald Trump Trump nominee . But I was not happy with   —    and they were not happy with   —    Mitt Romney , or John McCain before him , Bob Dole , Mitt Romney we look back in time , George W. Bush , George H. W. Bush . " " Look , conservatives have n’t been happy and together since Ronald Reagan , so I think what we need to do is put aside the small things , and look at the big global picture of a Hillary Clinton presidency , and that should frighten us all , " he advised . " If Hillary Clinton support and get behind us all Trump , we can impact him , us all Bossie pointed Donald Trump . " We can have great impact , as conservatives , in a Trump Administration . We are in the icebox for four years with Hillary Clinton , and America Hillary Clinton the drain , because four more years of the Barack Obama agenda is a dangerous thing for America . " Breitbart News Daily America on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 