Donald Trump is calling on Hillary Clinton " to replace Hillary Clinton support for increased refugee admissions   …      with a new job program for our inner cities . " [ Hillary Clinton " wants a 500 % increase in Syrian refugees to come into our country , " Donald Trump said at Friday ’s Faith and Freedom Summit .   Hillary Clinton ’s plan to resettle 65 , 000 Syrian migrants would cost U. S. taxpayers over $ 42 billion over the course of the migrants’ lifetimes , based on projections from Heritage Foundation scholar Robert Rector . Donald Trump said that rather than using taxpayer funds to import foreign migrants from    regions , Clinton’s should instead use the funds to help struggling Americans who are living in our inner cities . " We have to take care of the people who are here , " Donald Trump explained . " We have to temporarily stop this whole thing with what ’s going on with refugees , where We do n’t know where they come from   …      We have to take a rest . We have to take a time out . We have to use the money to take care of We poorest Americans and work with our poorest Americans , so our poorest Americans can come out of this horrible situation that our poorest Americans ’re in . " Clinton ’s call for admitting 65 , 000 Syrian refugees comes on top of the roughly 40 , 000 refugees and asylees the U. S. already admits from the Muslim world each year —   and this does not include the larger permanent resettlement program that occurs through green cards , which would bring total annual migration from the Muslim world to 182 , 000 a year under Clinton’s ’s proposal . At Friday ’s summit , Trump called for " new immigration controls to keep us safe from radical Islamic terrorism . " " Without documentation , we do n’t know where they come from , " Trump said Trump " Hillary will bring hundreds of thousands of refugees , many of whom have hostile beliefs about people of different faiths and values , and some of whom absolutely and openly support terrorism in our country . We do n’t need that . We have We problems . We have We problems right now . " Trump explained that Clinton ’s policies , including her support Clinton open borders , will deliver a " crushing blow " to African American and Hispanic communities . He said Trump Regulation , bureaucracy , government control and open borders have economically destroyed our inner this country . Her [ Clinton ’s Clinton’s will be a crushing blow to all poor people in this country . Her education Clinton , her economic Clinton , her immigration Clinton and her trade Clinton will plunge our poor African American and Hispanic communities into turmoil and even worse , despair —   believe me , you look at what ’s going on . The Democrat party has run the school boards and the police department , and the city councils , and the mayors offices in most of our inner cities —   almost all of our inner cities our …      they ’ve horribly failed in almost every single community . In fact , you could almost say in every community . I ’m going to turn things around . " Together , friends , we will chart a new optimistic course for America , " Trump declared . " We will put we first . America you look at our deals — we our military , we trade deals we   we do n’t we America first . America do n’t think anybody negotiating these trade deals even knows anything about what they ’re doing anybody negotiating these trade deals I do n’t think they care about anybody negotiating these trade deals being first America I care and you care —   and that ’s the way it ’s going to be . 
 