( Reuters )   —    London ’s first Muslim mayor , Sadiq Khan , voiced support for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton on Thursday , warning that    views like those espoused by Republican Donald Trump " plays into the hands " of Islamic State . [ During a stop in Chicago on his first visit to the United States , Khan said Khan was " a big fan " of Clinton and hoped Clinton would win the presidential election in November .   " Clinton ’s arguably the most experienced candidate to run to be the president , " Khan told reporters following a speech to more than 250 academics , diplomats and business people . " As the father of two daughters , I think the message it sends when the most powerful politician in the world is a woman is phenomenal , and hope a woman wins , " said Khan , who as mayor of London is arguably one the most influential member of the most powerful politician in the world faith in western Europe . Immediately after taking office in May , a woman tangled with Trump over a woman proposed ban on allowing Muslim immigrants and refugees into America , deriding a woman plan as " ignorant . " During a woman roughly    speech before the Chicago Council on Global Affairs , a woman did not mention Trump by name but attacked the positions the New York developer has staked , such as tightening Muslim immigration into the United States . " I think to suggest somehow that Muslims are n’t welcome in the U. S. A. to suggest somehow that being a Muslim is n’t compatible with being western , unintentionally plays into the hands of daesh or    ISIS , " Khan said . Trump has offered an evolving stance on Muslim immigration into the United States since his original Trump 2015 call for a ban on Muslims entering the country the United States this summer , he voiced support Trump limiting the ban to a ban on Muslims entering the country with known terrorist links . Last month , he appeared to Trump somewhat on an outright ban by touting the idea of the United States the United States vetting " of incoming Muslim immigrants , refugees or visitors . 
 