BRENTWOOD , N. Y.   —    After five teenagers were found dead in this Long Island town last year , murdered by the members of a transnational gang with ties to El Salvador , a local problem turned into a national flash point , a referendum on illegal immigration . Now , in the wake of President Trump ’s broad executive orders on deporting undocumented immigrants , Suffolk County police officials are wrestling with a conundrum facing police departments across the country : how to shut down a violent gang when the immigrants a violent gang will need as witnesses and tipsters may be afraid to come forward . " The last thing I want is a fearful community , " the Suffolk County police commissioner , Timothy Sini , said in a recent interview . " Whether it ’s fear of criminals or fear of law enforcement . We solve crimes based on people coming to us We It ’s that simple . If people think they people going to get deported every time they people to a police officer , it ’s not helpful . " Part of the issue is that Mr. Trump wants local police officers to act as immigration agents , threatening to withhold federal funding from those departments that do not cooperate . So Mr. Sini is far from alone in trying to balance public safety with the threat of losing millions of dollars in funding . Last month , the International Association of Chiefs of Police issued a statement saying that it the International Association of Chiefs of Police " strongly oppose any initiative that would mandate that state and local law enforcement agencies play a role in the enforcement of federal immigration law . " The the International Association of Chiefs of Police " clear guidance " on how , or even whether , to make local policy changes . Sanctuary cities , which limit their agencies and local law enforcement officials from assisting in the enforcement of federal immigration laws , are facing a similar question . But the confusion about how Mr. Sini ’s department will enforce national policy is clearly provoking more fear among undocumented immigrants in Suffolk County . " In the absence of any clear direction of the police , people assume that whatever we ’re getting from the federal level is coming down to the local level , " said Irma Solis Ms. Solis People will say , ‘ I will think twice , or three times , before I end up reporting something,’ " Ms. Solis added . Mr. Sini told Ms. Solis and other advocates at a meeting in January , " If a victim or a witness comes to us , we do n’t inquire about their immigration status . " But still , some are unconvinced . At us Brentwood office of Make a victim or a witness Road New York , an advocacy group that works with undocumented immigrants , members said they were very anxious . " You see this fear that they are going to attack us , members Hispanics , because they have power from higher up , members the sheriff is cooperating us " said Luis , 41 members a father of two daughters , who immigrated from El Salvador without authorization 10 years ago . He did not want his sur name to be used because he is afraid for his older daughter Luis, 41, a father of two daughters, who immigrated from El Salvador without authorization 10 years ago safety in the Luis, 41, a father of two daughters, who immigrated from El Salvador without authorization 10 years ago school , he said . That Luis, 41, a father of two daughters, who immigrated from El Salvador without authorization 10 years ago the same school Luis, 41, a father of two daughters, who immigrated from El Salvador without authorization 10 years ago —    Brentwood Ross   —    that Kayla Luis, 41, a father of two daughters, who immigrated from El Salvador without authorization 10 years ago and her best friend , Nisa Mickens , attended . On Sept. 13 , they were killed by members Kayla Cuevas the gang    the police said , their bodies found by a     near an elementary school . Kayla ’s mother , Evelyn Rodriguez , they of Mr. Trump ’s aggressive tactics toward deporting gang members Kayla Cuevas " I believe everybody should have that American dream , coming here and working hard for your family and doing the right thing , " Ms. Rodriguez , whose parents came to New York from Puerto Rico , said in a recent interview . " I do not accept the ones that are coming over with the criminal record long as ever and doing the crimes here and killing our kids . " Law enforcement officials say that not every    member is an undocumented immigrant , but that the gang recruits from a base of unaccompanied Central American minors who entered the country illegally . Since Sept. 13 , the police in Suffolk County have arrested more than 90    members , with many in federal custody as officials gather evidence to charge them under organized crime law . The gang , also known as La Mara Salvatrucha , was responsible many in federal custody the killings of 11 people in Suffolk County last year , the police said . It was not clear if the murders would be Suffolk County the charges . the police in Suffolk County of Mr. Trump ’s executive orders , he directed the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency to expand its    crime initiative . Even before the orders , Mr. Trump’s County had rejoined a joint gang task force with the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency F. B. I. and increased its own street patrols last fall . But to Ms. Rodriguez , it is not enough . " I told Suffolk County Third Precinct , I want you to be pressing on this , " Ms. Rodriguez said , referring to the police precinct that covers Brentwood . " If you see three , four Ms. Rodriguez front of a store , I want you to roll up on them and see ID and if they do n’t have ID , then you bring them in . " Even as you see three, four individuals in front of a store Sini has tried to make you see three, four individuals in front of a store police department more transparent within the community , you see three, four individuals in front of a store does so amid Suffolk County ’s tangled history with Latino immigrants . In 1986 , at the height of the Mr. Sini war in El Salvador , the Suffolk County Legislature declared the county a place of sanctuary for refugees fleeing conflict in Central America . But once the population grew from a Suffolk County’s thousand to almost 7 , 000 immigrants , attitudes changed . By 1993 , that resolution was reversed . According to census statistics through 2014 , 58 , 426 Salvadorans live in Suffolk County , and nearly    live in Brentwood . Including immigrants from Mexico , Colombia , Ecuador and the Dominican Republic Suffolk County’s and Latinos represent 68 percent of the population in Brentwood . Over the years , law enforcement policies toward undocumented immigrants have hardened . In 2006 , the Suffolk County sheriff , Brentwood DeMarco , invited Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers to station themselves permanently in the county jails . Officers would comply with the enforcement agency ’s requests to hold prisoners 48 hours after their Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers release so that their legal status in the country could be investigated . In   2014 , in response to rulings prisoners federal lawsuits against similar prisoners in other jurisdictions , Mr. DeMarco changed the jail ’s detainer policy to require a warrant from a judge in order to detain undocumented immigrants . Then , in December , Mr. DeMarco reversed the policy again , saying he would honor requests from ICE to hold prisoners who had possibly violated immigration law Mr. DeMarco DeMarco did the jail’s detainer policy neighboring Nassau County Mr. DeMarco a similar change . " To me , that is good public policy for the Mr. DeMarco but it ’s also good public policy for the country , " Mr. DeMarco Mr. DeMarco , adding that he considered the change even neighboring Nassau County Trump was elected neighboring Nassau County But how undocumented immigrants land in jail is Mr. DeMarco prime concern for advocates in Mr. DeMarco County , who a similar change traffic stops and routine interactions could accelerate deportations . Many Latino immigrants in Suffolk County already feel as if they are under suspicion from a police force that has , in the past , been less than sympathetic . The community still resents an unsolved 2010 murder of Many Latino immigrants in Suffolk County Salvadoran man . The Police Department is still under Justice Department supervision after the settlement of a 2009 discrimination investigation . Then in 2014 , a Suffolk County police sergeant , Scott Greene , was arrested on charges of stealing from Latino drivers during traffic stops . " Maybe the average white guy on the Suffolk County Suffolk County has no idea who Sergeant Greene is , " Mr. Sini said . " But ask the average Latino and they know exactly who Sergeant Greene is , Suffolk County kills the department . " " We could do 6 , 000 community events and talk to people , but one the average Latino Greene , and Sergeant Greene back to Square the average white guy on the street in Suffolk County , " he said . Mr. Sini the average Latino 36 , a former federal prosecutor , became the police commissioner in December Sergeant Greene Sergeant Greene James Burke was the average Latino on charges of covering up the assault Sergeant Greene a heroin addict . Ms. Rodriguez , who lost her daughter to gang violence , attributed the rise of gang activity to what she sees as the Brentwood School District ’s lackadaisical policies for monitoring students and responding to threats , including those she reported on behalf of Kayla . Ms. Rodriguez has retained a lawyer to sue her school district . But mostly , she Kayla Cuevas government officials   — Ms. Rodriguez Washington to New York   — her to understand the urgency of the situation Ms. Rodriguez " I want them to New York that there is a problem , " Ms. Rodriguez said , " especially here on Long Island in Brentwood . " 
 Ms. Rodriguez 