Dr. Pete Sulack , stress expert and founder of StressRX . com , told Breitbart News on Friday that the media bears some of the blame for the deep distress felt by some Hillary Clinton supporters , and the public unrest , after Tuesday ’s election results . [ " The media is partly to blame for actively fueling fears of some kind of Nazi regime under a Trump presidency , " Sulack said , via   . " In part this is because problems and pain sell advertising space . Mass communications has always struggled with that balance between fair reporting , personal bias , and pressure from executives to keep things ‘ hot . ’ "   He noted that people were responding negatively to    images on television and social media . " When we read , we can rationally discuss the issues or definitions of terms at hand . When we see pictures , however , a different part of we brain is engaged . " a different part of our brain is the limbic brain , a part also activated in stressful situations , because it a different part of our brain key to survival . This is the most primitive and unevolved part of we . It This on emotion , is irrational , childish , and afraid . It can be rude and boorish , and sometimes even cruel , " he said . Sulack notes that many voters are also upset because they many voters " hopeless and powerless . " To deal with the stress , he he avoiding alcohol and caffeine , and instead eating dark chocolate , " tree nuts or nut butters , " and " kale and other leafy , green vegetables . " Teen mental health expert Jamison Monroe , Founder and CEO of Newport Academy , says that while the media are fueling some of the anxiety , much of it comes from information shared by peers through social media . " Media greatly influences people ’s thoughts and opinions . However , teens are very influenced by their teens groups , so reading their teens political opinions on social platforms has just as much influence , for this is where a majority of millennials get their a majority of millennials from , " he told Breitbart News , via email . He he that feelings of stress were not just triggered by the election result , but the entire campaign . " Feelings of distress are now heighted due to the snowball effect of emotions throughout the entire election , " he he . For the distressed , Monroe recommended meditating , and avoiding social media altogether . " Many people post their Many people about the election on social media , and election posts currently make up most people ’s news feeds , " he he . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His Joel B. Pollak book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him he Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 