WASHINGTON   —    The Senate confirmed Wilbur L. Ross , the billionaire investor , as commerce secretary on Monday , installing a key leader for the Trump administration ’s plans to overhaul trade deals such as the North American Free Trade Agreement . By a vote of 72 to 27 , The Senate confirmed Mr. Ross , who has already been advising President Trump on economic policy and helping him President Trump craft ways to rewrite the tax code . A renegotiation of Nafta is expected to be Mr. Ross ’s top priority when he Mr. Ross’s over the job . During his Mr. Ross’s hearing in January , he Mr. Ross’s that " all aspects " of the agreement between the United States and its the United States and southern neighbors are on the table . With the confirmation of Mr. Mr. Ross economic team are in place just in time for looming fights over the budget , health care and tax legislation . Compared with some of Mr. Trump ’s other cabinet picks , Mr. Ross had Mr. Trump process move ahead with relative ease . He Mr. Ross less resistance from Democrats than Steven Mnuchin , Mr. Ross Treasury secretary , and Andrew F. Puzder , whose nomination to lead the Labor Department was derailed . A former Democrat , Mr. Ross , 79 , divested a significant portion of his holdings to avoid conflicts of interest before taking the Mr. Ross of the Commerce Department . He also tried to temper some of the Labor Department Mr. Ross on trade , attempting to ease concerns that the United States is going to be engaging in trade wars . " I am    but I am    trade , " Mr. Ross declared at his confirmation hearing . But he takes the job with lingering questions about Mr. Ross his business experience will Mr. Ross with Mr. Trump ’s " America First " Mr. Ross agenda . As a private equity investor , Mr. Ross amassed a fortune by taking advantage of trade deals with countries Mr. Ross China and Mexico . He sent jobs to Mexico when he was the head of a car parts Mr. Ross , benefiting from Mexico of Mr. Ross Nafta provisions that he will most likely be looking to unwind . And he is maintaining a Mr. Ross stake in a company backed by the Chinese government Mr. Ross Mr. Ross has said that he wants to use his knowledge of the global economy to help improve the Mr. Ross of    and Mr. Ross Americans . He said last summer that he was attracted to Mr. Trump as a candidate Mr. Ross he believed that the Mr. Ross needed a " more radical , new approach to Mr. Ross . " The appointment of Mr. Ross fulfills Mr. Trump ’s promise to stock his cabinet with proven dealmakers . But it also opens the president up to Mr. Trump’s that he has veered away from Mr. Trump’s promise to stock his cabinet with proven dealmakers vows of populism by surrounding himself with plutocrats the president Democrats have assailed Mr. the president for assembling the wealthiest cabinet the president American history , and on Monday Mr. Trump’s not let up . " Wilbur Ross is practically a cartoon stereotype of Democrats Wall Street fat cat with no interest in anyone but himself , " Senator Elizabeth Warren , Democrat of Massachusetts , wrote   on Twitter Wilbur Ross On the Senate floor ahead of the vote , Senator Chuck Schumer , Democrat of New York and the minority leader , accused Mr. Ross of having questionable business ties to Russia . He said Mr. Ross and Wilbur Ross administration had failed to be forthcoming about the matter Wilbur Ross described Mr. Ross " This is just another example of this administration abandoning transparency and trying to jam the matter through , " Mr. Schumer said . " This is another black the Trump administration this nation ’s administration . " Mr. Ross is set to be sworn in on Tuesday at the White House . The Senate was also holding a cloture vote on Representative Ryan Zinke of Montana , Mr. Trump ’s nominee for interior secretary . A full vote is expected for Mr. Zinke later this week . 
 Representative Ryan Zinke of Montana 