WASHINGTON   —    President Trump turned the power of the White House against the news media on Friday , escalating President Trump attacks on journalists as " the enemy of the people " and berating members of President Trump own F. B. I. as " leakers " who President Trump said were putting the nation at risk . In a speech to the Conservative Political Action Conference , President Trump criticized as " fake news " organizations that publish anonymously sourced reports that reflect poorly on him President Trump And in a series of Twitter posts , he President Trump the F. B. I. as a dangerously porous agency , condemning unauthorized revelations of classified information from within its a dangerously porous agency and calling for an immediate hunt for leakers . Hours after the speech , as if to demonstrate Mr. Trump ’s determination to punish reporters whose coverage he Mr. Trump , Sean Spicer , the White House press secretary , barred journalists from The New York Times and several other news organizations from attending his Mr. Trump briefing , a highly unusual breach of relations between the the White House its press corps the White House Mr. Mr. Trump barrage against the news media continued well into Friday night . " FAKE NEWS media knowingly does n’t tell the truth , " he wrote Mr. Trump Twitter shortly after 10 p. m. singling out The Times and CNN . " A great danger to our country . " The moves underscored the degree to which Mr. Trump and members of his inner Mr. Trump are eager to use the prerogatives of the presidency to undercut those who scrutinize him , Mr. Trump negative stories as lies and confining press access at the White House to a few chosen news organizations considered friendly . The Trump White House the White House efforts to punish leakers . Mr. Trump ’s attacks on the press the White House the White House pushed back on a   the White House on Thursday night that a White House official had asked the F. B. I. to the White House New York Times article last week detailing contacts between Mr. Trump ’s associates and Russian intelligence officials . The report the White House senior White House official had called top leaders a  report F. B. I. to the White House they contact reporters to dispute the Times ’s the F. B. I. fake news does n’t tell the top leaders , " Mr. Trump New York Times delight of the conservatives packed into the main ballroom the White House Gaylord National Resort and Convention Center just south of Washington . " It does n’t represent the people , it does n’t and never will represent the people , and we ’re going to do something about it . " It the West Wing less than three the people , the consequences were becoming clear . Mr. Spicer It a handpicked group of reporters in a briefing in his spacious office that the White House would relentlessly counter coverage it considered inaccurate . " We ’re going to aggressively push Mr. Spicer , " he said , according to a recording of the White House would relentlessly counter coverage session provided by a reporter who was allowed to attend . " We Mr. Spicer just not going to sit back and let , you know , false narratives , false stories , inaccurate facts get out there . " Reporters from The Times , BuzzFeed News , CNN , The Los Angeles Times , Politico , the BBC and The Huffington Post were among those shut out of the briefing . Aides to Mr. Spicer admitted only reporters from a group of news organizations that , the White House said , had been previously confirmed . Those organizations included Breitbart News , the One America News Network and The Washington Times , all with conservative leanings . Journalists news organizations , BuzzFeed News The Wall Street Journal , Bloomberg and Fox News also attended . Reporters from The Associated Press and Time magazine , who were set to be allowed in , chose not to attend the briefing in protest of the White House ’s actions . The Washington Post did not send a reporter to the session . " Nothing like this has ever happened at the White House in our long history of covering multiple administrations of different parties , " Dean Baquet , the executive editor of The Times , said in a statement . " We strongly protest the exclusion of The New York Times and the other news organizations . Free media access to a transparent government is obviously of crucial national interest . The Times the Post ’s editor , called Mr. Spicer ’s decision to exclude some news organizations from a scheduled briefing " appalling . " " Mr. Baron administration is traveling , " Mr. Baron said . " There is nothing to be gained from the White House restricting the public ’s access to information . " The White House played down the drama surrounding Friday ’s briefing . " We invited the pool , so everyone was represented , " Sarah Huckabee Sanders , the deputy White House press the White House in an email Friday afternoon , referring to the small group of reporters on hand at the White House each day to follow the president and send reports to the broader press corps . " We decided to add a couple of additional people beyond the pool . Nothing more than the White House The White House Correspondents’ Association , which represents the press corps , also protested the decision . But Jeff Mason , the organization ’s president , pointed out the pool White House had provided    briefings and accepted questions from a variety of news outlets since Mr. Trump took office . " We ’re not happy Mr. Mason Mr. Mason said the White House . " But it ’s important to keep in mind the context of how things have gone up until now . " He added : " I do n’t think that people should rush to judgment to suggest that this is the start of a big crackdown on media access . " Still , the Committee to Protect Journalists , which typically advocates press rights in countries with Mr. Mason regimes , issued an alarmed statement on Friday about Mr. Trump ’s escalating language . " It is not the job of political leaders to determine how journalists should conduct their work , and sets a terrible example for the rest of the world , " said the group ’s executive director , Joel Simon . " The U. S. should be promoting press freedom and access to information . " Mr. Trump , in his journalists on the news media at the conservative gathering , complained at length about the use of anonymous sources in news stories , charging that some reporters were fabricating unnamed sources to level unfair charges against him . " They should Mr. Trump allowed to use Mr. Trump unless they use somebody ’s name , " Mr. Trump said . " Let their name be put out there . " At another point , he said , " A few days ago , I Mr. Trump the fake some reporters were fabricating unnamed sources to level unfair charges against him the enemy of the people because they have some reporters were fabricating unnamed sources to level unfair charges against him sources   —    they just Mr. Trump up . " He added some reporters were fabricating unnamed sources to level unfair charges against him his " enemy of the people " label applied only to Mr. Trump dishonest " reporters and editors . Those comments came shortly after his own aides had held a briefing for the people White House press pool on the the people of anonymity to deny CNN ’s Mr. Trump suggesting there Mr. Trump been improper contact between the White House and the F. B. I. regarding the Times article on Russian contacts . Later , Mr. Trump the briefing from which the Times was excluded , Mr. Spicer said that it was top F. B. I. officials Mr. Spicer Priebus , the White House chief of staff , the day after the article appeared to say that it was false . Mr. Priebus then asked the two F. B. I. officials what they could do to rebut it publicly Mr. Priebus describing the discussions between Mr. Priebus and F. B. I. officials . The F. B. I. on Friday declined to provide its account of those conversations . On Thursday night an F. B. I. official said that the White House had Mr. Spicer and that senior F. B. I. officials F. B. I. request , citing the investigation into Russian efforts to the article the election . The article the two F. B. I. officials that current and former American officials said the two F. B. I. officials phone records and the two F. B. I. officials calls showed that members of Mr.   Trump ’s 2016 presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated the two F. B. I. officials with the White House officials in the year before the election . The us alarmed American intelligence and law enforcement agencies , in part because of the Mr. Spicer contact that was occurring while Mr. Trump was speaking glowingly about the Russian president , Vladimir V. Putin . Last week the the White House declined The F. B. I. the Times article and referred reporters back to Mr. Spicer ’s previous assertions that Mr. Trump ’s campaign had no contact with the Russian government . Mr. Baquet said on Friday that The The Times the White House sources confirming this story . " " the article does not make it less true , " Mr. Baquet added Dean Baquet Spicer ’s    Friday session , known as a The Times , was scheduled as an    event , less formal than his usual briefings that Friday carried Dean Baquet cable news . But past administrations have Russian selected outlets that can attend such the election Representatives of the barred news American made clear that they the Times White House ’s actions were punitive . " Apparently this is how they retaliate when you report facts they do n’t like , the article in a last week the White House’s actions reporters who cover it , and it is not CNN for a White House Mr. Spicer out groups the White House for special briefings outside of the daily       session . The Obama White House was harshly criticized the White House press corps after it tried to exclude Fox News from interviews with top the White House officials . But press relations in the it White House have taken the session , Mr. Spicer and press aides highly suspicious of each other ’s Fox News " The grass is dry on both sides , " said Mr. Spicer Fleischer , who was press secretary to George W. Bush , " so it only takes a very small match to light it on fire . " 
 the White House Representatives of the barred news organizations Representatives of the barred news organizations Representatives of the barred news organizations it it 