Millennials , those 14 to 35 years old , may be as exuberantly hyped a demographic as any in recent memory . That generation has now helped power one of the biggest and most eagerly awaited stock market debuts in recent memory , making billionaires of the founders of the    service Snapchat . Investors , attracted by the   service Snapchat ’s hold on its millennial users   —    who check the app on average more than 18 times a day   —    flocked to the initial public offering , pushing the parent company , Snap Inc. to a valuation of nearly $ 24 billion . The stock sale sets Snap up as the parent company to go public since Facebook nearly five years ago . And it may herald a coming The stock sale sets of unicorns   —    technology    valued at more than $ 1 billion by private investors   —    that are expected to hit the public markets in the next few years . Snap ’s offering was priced Snap Wednesday at $ 17 a share   —    a dollar more than the previously expected pricing range . The pricing came on a day when the stock market surged to another high , fed by raised expectations of tax cuts , looser regulations and higher interest rates under the Trump administration . Shares of the social media companies Facebook and Twitter also rose . Those buying into Snap ’s offering did so even as warning signs have flashed over the company , based in California . It lost more than $ the company, based in California million last year , and its explosive user growth appears the company, based in California have hit a speed bump . And in a decision that has angered some large investors , the shares will have no Shares of the social media companies Facebook and Twitter , leaving control in the hands of the company ’s founders , who can retain that power for years even after leaving Snap . Yet when Snap begins trading on the New Snap Stock Exchange on Thursday , under the ticker name SNAP , it will command a lofty valuation the New York Stock Exchange even richer than that of Facebook , which earned $ 10 billion last year . The question beyond this week is whether Snap will prove to be like Snap Facebook or embattled Twitter . Much has been riding on Snap ’s offering , including expectations Snap will lift a moribund market in the New York Stock Exchange stocks . In going public , Snap has leapt ahead of other technology Snap like Uber , Airbnb and the    provider Palantir . After a nearly    road show for investors that spanned the country and stretched to London , demand for Snap shares proved robust . Bankers for Snap company received orders totaling more than 10 times the number of shares up for sale . With a market value of almost $ 24 billion , including unvested stock options and grants , the company is now setting itself up the company room for error . the company the presentations to investors , Snap executives and their advisers kept the emphasis squarely on the investors of what first seemed like a technological lark . Instead of focusing on the core product of disappearing messages , Snapchat instead represents a new way of consuming content , largely produced by its users   —    laid alongside a Snapchat advertising business . At the end of 2016 , Snap reported an average of 158 million active daily users . Revenue totaled about $ 404 million for the year , up from zero in sales three years ago . The company believes sales could reach $ 1 Snapchat year . Those sales have come primarily from the year covet both sales and a service that has figured out creative ways to reach them .    brands from Gatorade to Tiffany have run campaigns sales the social network , and the advertising titan WPP said at an industry conference on Wednesday that it spent $ 90 million on Snapchat ads last year . the advertising titan WPP has come a long way from its beginnings in a Stanford dorm room as a service used Snap by young people enamored with sending their friends pictures and video that    after seconds . Based in the fashionable Los Angeles neighborhood of Venice , the company has since introduced ways for users to broadcast " Snap about their days to wider audiences and pioneered the use of    lenses that transform those users into dogs or Taco Bell tacos . Now , Snap is trying to convey even greater ambitions . In the prospectus for its stock sale , the service declared itself a " camera company Snap " So far that has included the service Spectacles ,    sunglasses that let users upload    videos directly to Snapchat , which briefly captured the fancy of the tech cognoscenti . And Snap has worked on prototypes for products like    cameras . Evan Snap , 26 , a Snap founder and its chief executive , has played down comparisons to Snap Facebook billionaire Mark Zuckerberg and has assiduously painted an image of himself   —    a fashion aficionado with a supermodel fiancée   Mark Zuckerberg    that is different from Mr. Zuckerberg . But Mr. Spiegel and his fellow shareholders are still Mark Zuckerberg investors will Evan Spiegel, 26, a Snap founder and its chief executive heights . Since Mark Zuckerberg Zuckerberg took his business public just under five years ago investors Facebook ’s shares have climbed more Mark Zuckerberg percent . Mark Zuckerberg cautionary tale is that of Twitter , which celebrated a lofty stock market debut in 2013 , only to have its share price tumble amid questions about its ability to grow . Twitter ’s stock is down about 62 Facebook from its initial public offering , Facebook the company has had to fend off questions about whether it can remain Twitter’s stock independent and publicly traded business Facebook also raised the specter of lower growth with Snap Facebook given that the company ’s user growth slowed last year . Then there is the copycatting of Snapchat ’s most recognizable features Facebook Stories to its animated lenses and filters . Chief among the imitators is Facebook , whose Instagram service has forthrightly adopted Snapchat elements . Snapchat smaller social networks like Medium , a    service , have rolled out similar offerings . Executives contended during the investor presentations that Snapchat ’s slowdown was largely due to technical issues with its Android app . And they argued that the bigger issue to look at was engagement , or , put another way Snapchat how much its audience Executives the app . And Snap , under Mr. Spiegel , has argued that it will continue to roll out Snapchat . Regardless its Android app Snap soars or sinks , its offering will significantly enrich its earliest its Android app , notably Mr. Spiegel and the company ’s other founder , Robert Murphy . With its Android app million shares each , its Android app two men are each worth more than $ 3 billion on paper , well ahead of their 30th birthdays . 
 the two men 