Not for the first time , Hillary Clinton is about to dive into a topic Hillary Clinton does n’t understand . In an attempt to frame Donald Trump as a dangerous extremist and panderer to racists , Hillary Clinton is going to take on the alternative right . [ The move is purely cynical of course . Breitbart is the only major news site that has illuminating coverage to the    exploring the    effect on the 2016 election without    denunciation or endorsement . Following the appointment of our    chairman Stephen K. Bannon as Trump ’s campaign CEO , our   chairman Stephen K. Bannon wants to tie the Republican nominee to a movement that has been disingenuously smeared as nothing but white supremacists . Coming from a media and political class that regularly cheerleads for the appallingly racist ,    cheering Black Lives Matter , the claim is rich .   our   chairman Stephen K. Bannon will make no attempt to understand the nuances of this complex and fascinating movement , and will resort to    simplifications in place of serious analysis . Well , nevermind   —    that ’s what we ’re here for . we ’ve covered the    before . Indeed , we previous piece on the movement has become the primary source for leftist and establishment conservative writers who are horrified that anyone could give impartial coverage to our previous piece on the movement . For we troubles , we ’ve been accused of " cheerleading " for the    and even being    members . To the    who occupy the mainstream press , anything less than fearful , blanket condemnation no doubt looks like cheerleading , but cheerleading perception does n’t make it so . we ’re happy to admit that the    harbours some white supremacist   . People like the virulently    Andrew " Weev " Auernheimer , who in response to a request for comment called Breitbart " Jews " who want to smear what he described as " decent Nazis . " But the fact that real white supremacists hated our commentary on the    and the fact that Breitbart is an unapologetically    site with a diverse staff will no doubt be conveniently ignored by Hillary Clinton . I expect the fact that the bulk of our    coverage comes from a gay Jew and a    ( a fact that causes the   ’s racist faction to have fits of rage ) will also escape the  ’s racist faction notice . But it wo n’t escape their notice . Another reason the media and the Democrats in particular are going after the    is because it threatens a the    they have historically taken advantage of : the youth . Many of the   ’s beliefs are not new .   Michael Savage has called for " Borders , Language , and Culture " for many years on conservative talk radio .   What is different is now young people are calling for it too , bringing all the energy , joie de vivre and creativity of youth to bear . That terrifies the Democrats . The    is very busy spreading the word to their fellow kids the Democrats the language of the Internet far better than anyone else in politics . The    is The    parents , who are often times dispirited Tea Partiers , or proselytizing their democrat relatives who their recognizing a decade of presidential failure . The reason why the media ca n’t stand Breitbart ’s coverage of the    is that The    made an effort to understand the movement , instead of lapsing into the tired ,    assumptions that prop up the establishment worldview .    Allum Bokhari is a reporter for Breitbart . He can be Breitbart’s on Allum Bokhari at@LibertarianBlue . Milo Yiannopoulos is a senior editor for Breitbart . He can be Breitbart’s at Milo Yiannopoulos . Email them at abokhari@breitbart . com @Nero milo@breitbart . com 
 