Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz gained six delegates in Colorado on Saturday . [ Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz won three delegates at each of the caucuses in the first and sixth congressional districts this weekend in Colorado , for a total of six delegates .   Another 28 delegates will be picked this week by attendees at caucuses in each of the state ’s districts , says The Denver Post . Three additional delegate slots are reserved for state party leaders . The Cruz campaign has been operating a strong delegate strategy heading toward what could likely be a contentious contested convention in Cleveland . In California this week Cruz Cruz with over 100 potential delegates from across the California are pledging allegiance to vote for the Texas senator . The 1st District selections were made from a pool of 90 delegate candidates , each making    pitches to the caucus attendees . Scott Gessler , one of the three chosen from the 1st District , told Fox 31 News that he does Fox foresee a situation in which any of his district Fox would vote for Donald Trump . Each of the three made no indication that they would vote Each of the three any candidate other than someone already running with one delegates pledging that " 100 % . " In the coming week , another 15 delegates will be chosen among congressional districts 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 and 7 according to the local Denver news station . Next Saturday , at the Colorado Republican Party convention another 13 delegates will be chosen to vote at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland this July . Cruz is slated to attend the convention while the Colorado Republican Party convention not indicated whether he will attend . Trump will not attend . Colorado will send Colorado delegates to Cleveland . Cruz also Cleveland a Cruz at North Dakota ’s state GOP convention in Fargo on Saturday . North Dakota Republicans do n’t head to polls or caucuses in the state , rather , as in Colorado , the Colorado delegates are 37 delegates conventions . The state sends 25 delegates to the state convention . CBS News North Dakota’s state GOP convention in Fargo 25 are chosen by 11 state Republican Party leaders . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 