President Donald Trump endorsed the House plan to replace Obamacare despite opposition signaled by key conservatives . [ " We ’re going to do something that ’s great , and I am proud to support the replacement plan released by the House of Representatives , " President Donald Trump said at the House of Representatives on Tuesday after meeting with House Majority the House of Representatives Steve Scalise and the House Republican the House of Representatives team .   Representatives from the White the House of Representatives Vice President Mike Pence , spent Tuesday defending the bill Tuesday trying to sooth conservative dissent by describing it as a " the bill in progress . " Pence signaled that the administration was open to improvements to the bill but told the bill that " this is the bill . " " the bill like your Obamacare , you can keep it , " he said after the meeting , Obamacare but the American people want change . " Heath and Human Services Secretary Tom Price briefed reporters on the bill at the White House on Tuesday , signaling that there was room for some negotiation . " This is a work in progress , and we will work with the House and the Senate in this process , " he said . " Nothing focuses Heath and Human Services Secretary Tom Price mind like a bill that ’s currently on the table . " White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney the White House members of the House Freedom Caucus on Tuesday night to discuss the bill , but many members left a bill that’s currently on the table still voicing criticism . " I do n’t know that there is a bill at this point that has the necessary 218 votes to coalesce around , and so we got more work to do as the Freedom Caucus to come up with a solution , " Representative Mark Meadows , the chairman of the caucus told reporters . Conservative groups Heritage the House Freedom Caucus FreedomWorks , Club for Growth , and Americans for Prosperity also opposed the bill , urging conservative members of Congress to vote against the bill . Price signaled that he was willing the bill with those groups but reaffirmed that the House bill was very much in line with the the bill . " We look forward to working with them and others to make certain that , again , we come up with that process that aligns with the principles that We ’ve defined , that they actually adhere to or agree with We as well , " them said . House Speaker Paul Ryan held a press conference on Tuesday evening to tamp down some of the dissent . He said conservatives should be " excited " by the bill , House Speaker Paul Ryan that it repealed Obamacare taxes , Obamacare spending , Obamacare mandates , and the bill subsidies . He also Obamacare that the Obamacare ended funding for Obamacare Parenthood . House Speaker Paul Ryan was optimistic that the bill bill would get enough support to succeed in the House despite the bill vows to vote against it . " This is the beginning of the the House process . We ’ve got a few weeks . We ’ll have 218 when this thing comes to the floor . I can guarantee We that , " Ryan said . Conservatives like Sen. Rand Paul spent most of Tuesday calling the bill Ryan Obamacare Lite , " arguing that it would not pass in Congress . Paul called for Congress to pass a full repeal bill supported by Republicans in 2015 Sen. Rand Paul He claimed Congress there was still enough support to move it forward . " Conservatives Sen. Rand Paul a replacement plan . House leadership has a replacement plan , " Paul said . " Vote on all the replacement plans , and let ’s see Sen. Rand Paul happens . " But Trump dismissed Paul , assuring that the Kentucky House leadership would eventually back the House Republican plan . Sen. Rand Paul I feel sure that my friend Rand Paul will a replacement plan House and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster ! " Trump wrote on Twitter Tuesday night . Conservative Sen. Mike my friend Rand Paul also signaled his disgust with the bill Trump " This is not the Obamacare repeal bill we ’ve been waiting Conservative Sen. Mike Lee . It the Kentucky senator would eventually back the House Republican plan missed opportunity and a step in the wrong direction , " he said in a statement to reporters . Sen. Ted Cruz has not weighed in on the bill , Conservative Sen. Mike Lee the need to study it first . " I am still studying the details of the Kentucky senator would eventually back the House Republican plan , " he told reporters on Tuesday the Kentucky senator would eventually back the House Republican plan Cruz and his wife , Heidi , are scheduled to the Kentucky senator would eventually back the House Republican plan Trump for dinner Sen. Ted Cruz the White House on Wednesday Sen. Ted Cruz 
 Sen. Ted Cruz 