A court officer with the powers of a judge in Oregon who federal officials claim helped an illegal alien drunk driver escape being detained by immigration officials has been identified . [ On Monday , Breitbart News reported that a " judicial referee " at Portland ’s Multnomah County Courthouse was accused of interfering with the apprehension of an illegal alien who had appeared in her court on a drunk driving charge .   a "judicial referee" at Portland’s Multnomah County Courthouse was accused of interfering with the apprehension of an illegal alien who had appeared in her court on a drunk driving charge has now been identified as Judge Monica Heeranz . It is a "judicial referee" at Portland’s Multnomah County Courthouse was accused of interfering with the apprehension of an illegal alien who had appeared in her court on a drunk driving charge being reported that Heeranz allowed Judge Monica Heeranz Diddier Pacheco Salazar escape the custody of immigration officials after his case Diddier Pacheco Salazar her court her court . According to U. S. Attorney Billy Williams , Heeranz helped Salazar Judge Monica Heeranz ICE Diddier Pacheco Salazar by allowing him to escape Diddier Pacheco Salazar of a door usually reserved for use by court officers and employees . The incident occurred on January 27 , just after President Trump issued his Execute Order President Trump build a wall on the southern border with Mexico . Herranz has the powers of a judge and hears small claims cases , traffic violations , and other    cases . She is also Herranz the board of the Oregon Hispanic Bar Association . It appears that Salazar ’s    attorney had a hint that something was up . " I prepped my client . I said , ‘ I do n’t know if they ’re going to pick you up outside or what , but here ’s how to prepare,’ " attorney John Schlosser told a local newspaper . " After the court appearance , I went out in the hallway and sat . My client never my client . I ca n’t say that I ’m surprised he did n’t come my client , but I gave him his options , my client my client he had to have my client escorted out some other way . " U. S. Attorney Williams prepare,’ " attorney John Schlosser that a person with the powers of a judge would help a criminal escape the law . " When you ’re talking about the judicial system   —    whether it ’s federal or by state   the judicial system      you have an expectation that people are going to abide by the law and not take steps based the law own motivations , their own politics   people    whatever the people was . " Multnomah County Circuit Court ’s presiding judge , Judge Nan Waller , reportedly launched an internal investigation into Heeranz’ actions . She had previously sent an email to court ’s presiding judge, Judge Nan Waller warning them not to impede federal officials , but ’s presiding judge, Judge Nan Waller also wrote that she informed federal officials ’s presiding judge, Judge Nan Waller treat the courthouse ’s presiding judge, Judge Nan Waller a " sensitive location . " Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 