The former Mexican president who has been speaking out against Republican Presidential Candidate Donald Trump is the same former politician who ignored drug cartels while The former Mexican president who has been speaking out against Republican Presidential Candidate Donald Trump was in office . [ As previously reported by Breitbart News , Vicente Fox Quezada recently met with     Jorge Ramos where the politico used expletives to say Mexico would not pay for Republican Presidential Candidate Donald Trump ’s wall .    Just days after making Vicente Fox Quezada now infamous statements before Jorge Ramos , Vicente Fox Quezada went on air in Mexican radio where Vicente Fox Quezada claimed that Republican Presidential Candidate Donald Trump would be dangerous for America if elected .   Vicente Fox Quezada claimed that Republican Presidential Candidate Donald Trump would take America over the edge and that Hillary Clinton would be the one person who could shut Vicente Fox Quezada up . Despite Vicente Fox Quezada tough talk against Republican Presidential Candidate Donald Trump , Vicente Fox Quezada seems to forget that Vicente Fox Quezada is at least partially responsible for the unending wave of violence that has taken over Mexico .   Fox , a member of the National Action    PAN , served as Mexico ’s president from 2000 to 2006 when Vicente Fox Quezada made history for being the first president who was not part of the historically corrupt Institutional Revolutionary    PRI .   According various excerpts from " Mexico : Narco Violence and a Failed State ? " by the late author and prestigious university professor George Grayson , the historically corrupt Institutional Revolutionary   PRI had ruled over Mexico like a monarchy for more than 70 years turning a blind eye to smuggling activities unless they smuggling activities out of line . The centralized power of the the historically corrupt Institutional Revolutionary   PRI down like a hammer on any criminal group that drew attention to themselves or stepped out of line .   That way of doing business came to an end when Fox took office in 2000 since the PAN did not have the centralized power needed to quash any unruly drug trafficker .   During his term Fox office Fox focused Fox on establishing a democracy and in economic growth than in the security conditions .   It was in the early 2000 ’s that the Gulf Cartel also went through a dramatic change .    Osiel Cardenas Guillen recruited a team of highly trained military deserters as his personal Osiel Cardenas Guillen and enforcers , that team a team of highly trained military deserters as Los Zetas .   The group of enforcers quickly built a name for themselves for their The group of enforcers skills The group of enforcers cruel tactics . Los Zetas were Los Zetas expand their ranks and operations Los Zetas any resistance from Mexican authorities .   As previously reported by Breitbart Texas , Los Zetas were able Los Zetas roots in the border city of Nuevo Laredo and hold their ground despite a fierce Los Zetas attempt by the Sinaloa Cartel in 2005 .   During that time , police officers , commanders , and others lost their lives as Los Zetas police officers, commanders, and others Sinaloa forces Los Zetas control of the city . The large scale the border city of Nuevo Laredo and cruel executions brought levels of brutality previously unseen in Mexico . Los Zetas also brought a reign Los Zetas to Laredo , Texas , where even to this day U. S. law enforcement officials who have spoken with Breitbart Texas refuse to name the criminal organization by name .   As Breitbart Texas reported , Los Zetas went on Breitbart Texas an Los Zetas responsible for mass exterminations and running clandestine crematoriums in the Mexican state of Coahuila . Hundreds of innocent victims were kidnapped , tortured , murdered and incinerated .   It was n’t until 2006 when a new president , Felipe Calderon , took office that Calderon Because of the high levels of corruption in Mexican law enforcement , Calderon was forced to use the Mexican Navy to spearhead his campaign against drug cartels . Calderon ’s efforts were not enough . By the Calderon he took office , cartels Calderon Zetas , the Sinaloa Cartel , the Gulf Cartel Calderon the Juarez Cartel had already built up armies of their own who , even to this day , are able to go     with the cartels like Los Zetas, the Sinaloa Cartel, the Gulf Cartel and the Juarez Cartel military in massive gun battles . These battles have paralyzed cities all over Mexico . Breitbart Texas recently published a video that massive gun battles kind of firefights that have become commonplace in Mexico .   It remains to be seen if , in any upcoming appearances by Fox , Mexico former president will be asked about the Mexican drug cartels who are responsible for the majority Breitbart Texas along the U. S.   border and are tearing that country apart . Will Fox explain how those drug cartels were able to expand their operations Mexico large armies of sicarios or gunmen under his watch ? Ildefonso Ortiz is an award winning those drug cartels with Breitbart Texas you can follow him on Twitter and Fox Facebook . 
 Ildefonso Ortiz 