GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s campaign manager Corey Lewandowski joined Breitbart News Saturday on SiriusXM with guest host Washington Political Editor Matthew Boyle and called for Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and Ohio Gov. John Kasich to unite behind GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s . [ " After Tuesday night , Sen. Ted Cruz , like John Ohio Gov. John Kasich is now mathematically eliminated from securing enough delegates to be the Republican nominee , and what we want is everyone to support GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s , " Lewandowski told Boyle Matthew Boyle He GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s he GOP frontrunner Donald Trump’s Cruz and Sen. Ted Cruz to " Ohio Gov. John Kasich in , join the campaign , unite around the frontrunner and lets make sure we all have Cruz and Kasich on the Cruz and Kasich , which is to ensure we do n’t have Cruz and Kasich more years of a Democrat in the White House . "   " The people have spoken and they want Donald Trump The people be the Republican nominee , " he added , saying Donald Trump leads the delegate Donald Trump by roughly 300 and has millions of more votes than Cruz . " We ’re continuing to grow the campaign and bring more people on board so we are prepared for We general election fight in November . " " What we know is that We want Senator Cruz We join Cruz we want John We to We us so that we have We unified voice We forward , " he repeated , stressing the Cruz to stop a Democrat from winning in November . " If Ted November were to be Cruz there is no state that Mitt Romney lost last cycle that Ted Cruz can win . That Cruz the case with Donald Trump , " Lewandowski argued , saying Trump could potentially win Michigan , Pennsylvania Donald Trump Florida , Virginia , New York , California , and Massachusetts in the general election . " We have the ability to expand the map . " Lewandowski applauded the big victory in New Lewandowski last Tuesday where Trump won New York primary with more than 60 percent of the vote , and said this coming Tuesday elections in Connecticut , Maryland , Delaware , Rhode Island , and Pennsylvania also look favorable to the billionaire . " New York was a great state for Mr. New York It ’s the state that knows Trump best New York " he declared . " He Trump over 60 percent of Trump vote in a Trump way race . The public the vote Mr. Trump is going to have a very good night Trump Tuesday as well . According to recent polling , Lewandowski noted that Trump is ahead of his competitors by roughly 20 points in Trump and ahead 18 points Lewandowski Pennsylvania . Lewandowski also said Delaware is a     state with 16 delegates up Lewandowski grabs . " We think we ’re going to do very well there . " He commented We a recent Washington Post article that shared an internal Lewandowski from the Trump campaign about how Trump plans to obtain 1 , 400 Trump ahead of the Trump National Convention in July to secure the nomination . " Right now , we secured a minimum of 89 delegates , " Lewandowski said , referencing New York and adding that some of the delegates are still are being determined there . " We could walk away with 91 of 95 delegates in New York some of the delegates are still are being determined there That ’s a great first step . " " New York looking to have a great night next Tuesday , " he added , referencing Delaware , Maryland , Pennsylvania , Connecticut , Lewandowski Rhode Island , saying big victories in those states would be a " building block for us to move forward . " He added , " There [ are We a number of places Lewandowski in play here long before you get to California , " mentioning New Jersey as it is a     state with 51 delegates at stake " where Mr. Trump ’s ground game there is unmatched by anybody . " " We need to go on and keep winning and that gets us to delegates , " Lewandowski concluded . Breitbart News Saturday airs from We a. m. to 1 p. m. every Saturday on SiriusXM Patriot Ch . 125 . 
 