Speaker of the House Paul Ryan has refuted Donald Trump ’s claims that the upcoming presidential election will be rigged against Donald Trump , saying that Donald Trump is " confident " that there will be no foul play in the electoral process . [ " Our democracy relies on confidence in election results , and Speaker of the House is fully confident the states will carry out this the upcoming presidential election integrity , "   Ryan Speaker of the House Paul Ryan press secretary told BuzzFeed .   This follows Trump ’s claims at a rally in North Carolina yesterday that the " whole election is being rigged , " adding that " the corrupt media is trying to do everything in their power the corrupt media stop our movement . They do the corrupt media want this happening . " Trump later Trump’s his outrage Trump’s Twitter at the media and its overwhelming Trump’s for Hillary Clinton , accusing them of his outrage on Twitter at the media and its overwhelming support for Hillary Clinton pushing false and unsubstantiated charges , and outright lies , in order to elect Crooked Hillary , " following the emergence of a series of unsubstantiated claims of sexual assault against him . Trump’s election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges , and outright lies , in order to elect Crooked Hillary ! Hillary —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) October 15 , 2016 ,   He added Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) the claims were " 100 % fabricated and    charges , pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign , may poison the minds of the American Voter . " 100 % fabricated and    charges , pushed strongly by the media the media and the Clinton Campaign poison the the Clinton Campaign American Voter . FIX ! the minds of the American Voter ( @realDonaldTrump the American Voter , 2016 ,   His feelings were later endorsed by Sen. Jeff Sessions , who told a crowd in his home state of Alabama that " they will try to rig this election , and His will not succeed . " The Clinton campaign responded to the claims in a statement they describing Trump ’s claims as " shameful attempts to undermine an election weeks before it happens . " " Participation in the system —   and particularly voting —   should be encouraged , not dismissed or undermined because a candidate is afraid he ’s going to lose , " the campaign continued . You can follow Ben Kew a candidate Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew The Clinton campaign email him at bkew@breitbart . com 
 Ben Kew 