Megyn Kelly has responded to reports Megyn Kelly could leave Fox News for CNN , telling viewers not to believe anything that does n’t come directly from Megyn Kelly   —    but also not denying the possibility outright . [ In a post to Megyn Kelly official Twitter account over the weekend , the     star Fox News anchor forcefully responded to reports that Megyn Kelly could leave Megyn Kelly longtime home at the cable news outlet when Megyn Kelly contract expires this year .   " Many reporters are writing articles about me and my future at Fox , " Kelly wrote . " Do n’t believe a thing u hear unless it a thing u hear from me , period [ sic ] . " Many reporters are writing articles about me me and my future at Fox Do my future at Fox u hear Fox it comes from me , period .   —    Megyn Kelly ( @megynkelly ) December 3 , 2016 ,   In an exclusive story last week , the Drudge Report reported that CNN boss Jeff Zucker is " actively pursuing " Kelly to move to his network to anchor an 8 p. m. or CNN boss Jeff Zucker p. m. show , which would put her directly in competition with her current    Bill O’Reilly . A source told her Drudge Report that Zucker is " moving the the Drudge Report to get the CNN boss Jeff Zucker anchor , but that CNN could not match Fox News’ lucrative contract offer , which is said to be around $ 20 million . Instead , a source said , Zucker and CNN could offer Kelly greater international exposure as well CNN boss Jeff Zucker " CNN " across all Time Warner properties , including possible movie roles at Warner Bros. Drudge also reported that Kelly ’s public feud with     Donald Trump during the contentious Kelly has raised tensions inside the network , and that the anchor is now " despised " by her    colleagues . There is also reportedly significant drama within the Kelly over Kelly ’s    memoir , Settle for More , in which she Kelly former Fox News boss Roger Ailes of sexually harassing her Kelly her early years at the cable news outlet . Meanwhile Kelly Ailes Kelly Lachlan and James Murdoch reportedly see Kelly as the centerpiece Roger Ailes the network in a    world . Kelly to an October article in Vanity Fair , Rupert Murdoch ’s sons have played a key role in attempting to James Murdoch to stay at Fox News . Kelly ’s contract expires in Kelly 2017 .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum Kelly : @dznussbaum 
 