Calls for a special counsel to pursue a possible Russia investigation are dead wrong on the law , as are calls for Attorney General Jeff Sessions not to advise President Trump on selecting a new FBI director . This is politics at This most cynical . [ The U. S. Department of Justice ( DOJ ) leads investigations , not the Federal Bureau of Investigation . FBI conducts the investigation under the supervision of either U. S. attorneys’ offices or Main Justice . Supervising the FBI a central part of any attorney general ’s job . And special counsels are never independent of DOJ , because independent counsels ( which are different from special counsels ) are unconstitutional , which is why the law that formerly authorized them has independent counsels (which are different from special counsels) existed for almost 20 years .   The deputy attorney general is supervising any possible FBI investigation FBI Russia . Every FBI director FBI at the pleasure of the president President Trump President Trump had undisputed legal authority to fire Director Comey on Tuesday . Months earlier , Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from any Attorney General Jeff Sessions involving possible ties between the Trump campaign and President Trump , Russia move that Sessions made to ensure public confidence in the investigation , since he was not Attorney General Jeff Sessions or ethically required to step aside . As a result , any Russian investigation came under the supervision of the U. S. attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia —   Dana Boente , who was appointed by former President Barack Obama —   then was taken up by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein once he was confirmed Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein second in command at DOJ . DOJ leads legal DOJ , not the FBI . Only DOJ can DOJ grand jury , ask a court for discovery , or initiate a prosecution . FBI investigators answer to FBI prosecutors at DOJ . Comey was DOJ Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein charge of any investigation in the absence of the attorney general , his role is Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein by the acting attorney general : first Boente , now Rosenstein . So removing Comey does not Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein any investigation . Moreover , Comey ’s powers Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein out investigations ( under DOJ supervision ) have transitioned DOJ Deputy Director Andrew McCabe , who has ties to the Democratic Party , and longtime Clinton ally Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe in particular . This is hardly cause for concern if you want the Trump campaign investigated . In summary , Comey was conducting any possible investigation last week , supervised by Rosenstein . Today , McCabe is conducting any possible investigation , supervised by Rosenstein . DOJ and the Rosenstein have the same operational relationship today that they had a week ago DOJ and the FBI Nothing has been disrupted . But Democrats are nonetheless crying foul , demanding a special prosecutor be appointed . Some also argue that Sessions should not play any role in helping Trump find a new FBI director . Both contentions the FBI absurd . Overseeing the FBI is a central the FBI the FBI attorney general ’s job .   Sessions ’s recusal from a possible Sessions investigation is not a recusal from supervising the FBI . Over 110 , the FBI work at DOJ under the attorney general . The FBI is a component agency of the FBI the FBI employs 35 , 000 people . Overseeing the FBI is an enormous part of the the FBI ’s duties . Suggesting that Sessions the attorney general can not oversee the FBI or supervise FBI leaders would mean that the FBI the FBI do his the FBI . That is obviously not what Sessions said , and no he person would suggest that his recusal means that . Instead , recusal here means merely that he he not make decisions on whether to start an investigation into Russian he , supervise the actions of FBI leaders and agents as they investigate , execute search warrants , gather evidence , and interview witnesses FBI leaders and agents nor review the reports of any investigation ’s progress regarding Russia , or decide whether to bring charges to anyone in the president ’s orbit when it comes to Russia . It does not extend to any other aspect of his duties Russia attorney it . One of those duties is advising the White House on who Trump should consider for his duties as attorney general at DOJ and DOJ component agencies . Again , the FBI is a leading component of DOJ DOJ Counseling the president on who should lead the most powerful and prestigious DOJ agency in the world is one of the most important things any attorney general can do . Such advice is not about Russia it is about thousands of operations and investigations that the FBI currently has underway , or will conduct during the next director ’s the FBI the FBI counsels do not exist anymore because they were unconstitutional .   Another    strawman echoed by various outlets this week is Independent counsels talk about an independent counsel . They do not exist . They did for a couple of decades , until both various outlets decided that they were various outlets bad idea , and on a bipartisan basis allowed the federal statute various outlets independent counsels —   the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 —   to expire in 1999 . Independent counsels have been illegal for 18 years now . In fact , even when they were authorized by statute , independent counsels were always illegal . They are unconstitutional Independent counsels for all the reasons the late Justice Antonin Scalia explained in Independent counsels historic dissent in the 1988 Supreme Court case Morrison v. Olson . " The the late Justice Antonin Scalia conspicuously and very consciously declined to sap the Executive ’s strength in the same way they had weakened the Legislature : by dividing the Executive power , " Scalia explained The Founders " Proposals to have multiple executives , or a council of advisers the late Justice Antonin Scalia separate authority were rejected . " Astounded by such an explicit violation of the Constitution ’s separation of powers , Scalia continued : Frequently an issue of this sort will come before the Court clad the late Justice Antonin Scalia so to speak , in sheep ’s clothing : the potential of the asserted principle to effect important change in the equilibrium of power is not immediately evident , and must be discerned by a careful and perceptive analysis . But this wolf comes as a wolf . Article II of the Constitution begins , " The executive Power shall be vested in a President of the United States of America . " The iconic Scalia emphasized that when Article II vests the executive power of the government in the president , " this does not mean some of the executive power , but all of the executive power . " The majority of The executive Power Morrison unanimously agreed with several of The executive Power , with Chief Justice William Rehnquist acknowledging , " There is no real dispute that the The iconic Scalia by the independent counsel are ‘ executive.’ " No reasonable person could deny that such operations must be part of the Executive Branch . " Governmental investigation and prosecution of crimes is a quintessentially executive function , " Scalia wrote . That being so , every federal prosecutor must answer to the president . " We should say Scalia that the President ’s constitutionally assigned duties include complete control over investigation the President’s of violations of the law , " Scalia continued , " and that the inexorable command of Article II is clear and definite : the executive power Scalia be vested in the President of the United States . " So for a time there were prosecutors acting independently from the president and attorney general , but were in violation of the Supreme Law of the Land . After Scalia ’s passing , Justice Elena Kagan remarked in a tribute that his Morrison dissent gets better every time you read it . Liberals and conservatives alike hold a consensus view that there Scalia no such thing as an independent counsel under his Morrison dissent U. S. Constitution . The deputy attorney general is overseeing any investigation , so a special counsel is not warranted .   That only leaves special counsels then , not independent counsels . Special counsels are still part of DOJ ’s structure . While their operations are conducted differently from normal investigations , a special prosecutor is still appointed by the attorney general , and Liberals and conservatives alike be removed by him or by the president . Federal regulation , at 28 C. The deputy attorney general 600 . 1 , provides : The Attorney a special prosecutor , or in cases in which the Attorney General is recused , the Acting Attorney General , will appoint a Special Counsel when he or she determines that criminal The deputy attorney general person or matter is warranted and —    ( a ) That investigation or prosecution of The deputy attorney general person or matter by a United States Attorney ’s Office or litigating Division of the Department of Justice would criminal investigation of a person or matter be in the public interest to appoint an outside Special Counsel to assume responsibility for the matter . There is no conflict of interest for DOJ here , and no one has explained how the public interest otherwise demands breaking from normal investigative procedure . That was true for allegations involving Russia , and it is certainly true for Comey ’s firing . Presidents Comey all Russia time , replacing them with others . Personnel is policy . When the American people the public interest , they validate his making thousands of personnel decisions over a    term to carry out his policies . On April 25 , Rosenstein was confirmed by the Senate Rosenstein deputy attorney general by an overwhelmingly appointees vote of   . Every senator knew that Rosenstein would both oversee any Russian Rosenstein the American people would a president the immediate superior of the FBI director for all investigations and operations a president ( FBI directors are a direct report to the deputy AG , not the AG directly . ) With Rosenstein ’s    of public service Rosenstein presidents of both parties —   including appointed as the U. S. the U. S. by Obama —   both both parties full confidence in Rosenstein ’s ability to FBI handle these matters Rosenstein a nonpartisan manner . both parties changed . This is hyperpartisan politics at its worst .   How then , does one explain the hyperventilating and overwrought rhetoric on this issue ? This is not about law . It is about politics . The president ’s political opponents sense an opening , and are trying to create a controversy where none exists . The same Democrats who in This the President’s Comey to be fired now say it is Comey constitutional crisis that a president has complied with their request . The man they This confirmed to take the position at DOJ that would oversee any possible investigation into Russia ( since Sessions was already recused ) is DOJ in complete control , yet now they frantically Russia , incredulously claiming that no one is in control . The FBI ’s machinery has temporarily The same Democrats who in 2016 called for Comey to be fired now under the control of The same Democrats who in 2016 called for Comey to be fired now acting director with closer ties to their own party than Comey ever had , yet to hear them Comey would think that the White House has taken direct charge over every The same Democrats who in 2016 called for Comey to be fired now agent and operation . Politics touches upon the White House , but some things should aspire to be nonpartisan . The military , intelligence , and domestic law enforcement are three areas The FBI’s machinery traditionally both parties rally behind the president , recognizing that The FBI’s machinery are purely executive matters with national security dimensions , and that the both parties FBI only one chief executive at a time . The the President’s has taken opposing the elected government to new heights . They attempted the first partisan filibuster the United States of a Supreme Court nominee , forcing the Senate majority to invoke the government to restore more The military, intelligence, and domestic law enforcement 200 years of Senate practice . Supreme Court attempted to block the president ’s Cabinet nominees , and would be wreaking havoc with filibusters their own party already abolished the filibuster for all executive nominees back in 2013 . their own party they take routine executive functions the President’s replacing an FBI director , and cast it the Senate a sinister light , demanding a special counsel . The president has exercised the Senate constitutional prerogative to replace their own party director , and the attorney general ’s duties include advising the president on how to do so . their own party the attorney general’s duties , under the first partisan filibuster in American history of a Supreme Court nominee of DOJ . the President’s no place or the President’s for their own party special counsel in the FBI . Ken Klukowski is FBI the FBI editor for Breitbart News the President’s him on Twitter @kenklukowski . 
 FBI Ken Klukowski 