A warped currency today governs popular culture . Instead of creativity , talent and boldness , those who succeed are often those who can best demonstrate outrage , grievance and victimhood . [ Even conservatives are buying into Even conservatives . Witness , in the days since Breitbart executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon was announced as Donald Trump ’s campaign manager , how establishment stooges have bought into the worst    of the left . As with the left , nothing is evaluated on its quality , or whether it its factually accurate ,    or even amusing : only whether it can be deemed sexist , racist or homophobic .   Campuses are where the illness takes its the illness severe form . Students running for safe spaces at the slightest hint of a challenge to their coddled worldview . Faculties and administrations desperately trying to sabotage visits from conservative speakers ( often me ! ) to avoid the inevitable complaints from tearful lefty students . In this maelstrom of grievance , there is one group boldly swimming against the tide : trolls . Trolling has become a byword for everything the left disagrees with , particularly if it ’s boisterous , mischievous and provocative . Even straightforward political disagreement , not intended to provoke , is sometimes described as " trolling " by leftists who ca n’t tell the difference between someone who does n’t believe as they do and an " abuser " or " harasser . " A real troll , of course , does aim to provoke . They A real troll aim to cause mild rage . They A real troll to prank , to goad , to wind people up . Their A real troll are designed to be outrageous . And in a society of grievance , monitored by a media governed by outrage , they A real troll enjoying something of a heyday . Trolls are experts at finding soft targets . In the first half of the 2010s , they Trolls identified feminists as the most    group of people on the planet . Feminists also identified them Feminists an excellent target for spurious allegations of " online harassment , " and thus a means of attracting sympathy . For years , trolls and feminists enjoyed a kind of symbiotic relationship   —    the former triggering the latter , who would then collect Patreon donations and    newspaper columns from sympathetic liberals . A small minority of the smarter , more opportunistic feminists probably knew what was going on , even as they A small minority of the smarter, more opportunistic feminists it to their A small minority of the smarter, more opportunistic feminists . Of course , the 4chan kids making rape jokes and patriarchy stories were n’t really misogynists . Unlike the more extreme parts of the manosphere , their tone clearly was n’t serious enough for that . Others , of course , took the trolls seriously . This is the essence of trolling :   keeping everyone else guessing as to whether you ’re really serious . Therein lies the key to beating them everyone else as well . Ben Garrison , probably the most trolled man in internet history , will no doubt tell you that his life improved immeasurably when he his trying to fight the trolls ( who had by then convinced multiple media outlets that he his a    Neo Nazi street warrior ) and instead learned to laugh at himself his Trolls lose interest when their Trolls stop taking themselves Trolls seriously . More recently , it ’s been the right that ’s fallen foul of the Trolls With    establishment types already enraged by the rise of Donald Trump , trolls spied an opportunity to bait an entirely new constituency of    blowhards . Like the feminists , only a small minority realised they were only a small minority trolled . Establishment centrists of the left and right responded beautifully to the bait , publishing long National    analyses of the supposed    symbolism of Pepe the Frog and Asuka from the anime Neon Genesis Evangelion . For the web ’s    merchants , the 2016 election cycle has been a high point in culture , restoring interest in politics to the millennial generation , However , I believe there ’s one environment where trolls have yet to fully penetrate , and where they could trolls all the difference : the university campus . This is the epicenter of the      coddling culture described by Jonathan Haidt and Greg Lukianoff in their viral Jonathan Haidt and Greg Lukianoff essay . This is where the disease starts , adopts its most the disease form , and then spreads itself out the disease diluted , to the rest of society . This is the place where the doctrine of political correctness is freshest , and also where its adherents the disease at their most its adherents . This , more than anywhere else , is where we need to see frog memes . So trolls , my message to you today is : once the election is over , get off your laptops and head down to your local campus . Some of you are probably students already , skiving off your assignments by browsing 4chan . Use your creativity   —    do n’t trigger people a million miles away . Trigger people right where you are , and find other people who want to do the same . Think tanks and commentators wonder how the coddling culture on campus can possibly be reversed . You can show them the Think tanks and commentators . In a world where journalists lie to and about you all day every day to be politically correct , and in which telling the truth is a revolutionary act , it ’s the truth trolls who , thanks to their thick skins and their contempt their social norms , are able to drop bombs . Join them . their Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Facebook , Instagram and Snapchat . Hear him every Follow Milo Yiannopoulos (@Nero) on Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat on The Milo Yiannopoulos Show . Write to Milo at milo@breitbart . com . 
 