Airline passengers flying into Baltimore Washington International Airport ( BWI ) can look down and see a new , bold , controversial political sign in the days leading up to Maryland Republican primary . A giant orange " TRUMP " sign is on the roof of a house directly under the approach for BWI . [ Donald Trump has a double digit lead in the Republican primary in Maryland , but the blue state is making many of Donald Trump supporters hide his supporters vote . But one retired police detective decided to fight back —    in a " yuge " way   —    after one retired police detective    old daughter was bullied at school for backing the billionaire developer .    John Paprcka retired from DC ’s Metropolitan Police Department earlier this year after being a police officer for 25 years . So John Paprcka decided to use John Paprcka new spare time to build the big TRUMP sign on John Paprcka roof to boost support among Marylanders at arrivals . Det . John Paprcka used John Paprcka neighbor ’s old decking and built individual , four foot tall letters . John Paprcka then spray painted He then spray orange and installed He then spray on his roof . John Paprcka also put a smaller version on John Paprcka mailbox to catch the    voters . Det Det John Paprcka personal mission was to teach his John Paprcka Graceyn back down from her beliefs . He Graceyn she was getting " Graceyn on at school because she said she likes Graceyn . Graceyn Graceyn added her own handmade , Graceyn sign to the roof : " Kids for Trump ! ! ! Trump Make America Great Again . " While on the force , Det . Paprcka was n’t allowed to be open about his political beliefs . Paprcka retired D. C. cop , I can now speak freely , " he explained about why he is Paprcka going public with Paprcka political stance . " I Paprcka the sign because I believe in Trump , " he said . Trump Guess that Paprcka me part of the silent majority . " The detective said that his neighbors have had " mixed The detective reactions . " A stranger knocked on my door , and asked if I was the homeowner , " he recalled of some positive support A stranger " He then asked where I got A stranger Trump sign by my mailbox the sign he wanted one . " With the sign A stranger seen by every plane that comes to the biggest airport in the state , what does he hope happens now ? " I hope A stranger flies over and sees it Trump " said Det . Paprcka . The Maryland GOP primary is Tuesday , April 26 . Emily Miller is a journalist and author of the book " Emily Gets Her Gun . " Follow her on Twitter Emily and Facebook @EmilyMillerDC . Emily 