Establishment Republican senators up for reelection have " succumbed " to Donald Trump ’s    trade platform , Politico reports . [ The report notes that after years of championing    trade deals , Republican senators who are facing contentious reelections are now rhetorically " sprint[ing ] away " from Republican senators who are facing contentious reelections previous support of President Obama ’s    Partnership agreement .   Opposing   Partnership has been a central platform of Trump ’s presidential campaign . Politico writes , " The GOP ’s unshakable faith in free trade has been decidedly broken in the year of Trump   Trump with everyone from a former U. S. trade representative , Rob Portman of Ohio , to    devotee Marco Rubio of Florida striking a much different tone . " By " free trade , " the report is referring to what trade experts , such as Nucor Steel Chairman Daniel DiMicco , have described as " unilateral trade disarmament and enablement of foreign mercantilism . " " [ T]he Republican sprint away from the TPP is a remarkable policy reversal for a party that has traditionally championed itself as the the TPP of free trade , " Politico writes . Indeed , just last year , Republican Senate leaders issued an internal messaging memo to all GOP senators , an exclusive copy of which was obtained and published by Breitbart News . The memo urged an internal messaging memo to all GOP senators, an exclusive copy of which was obtained and published by Breitbart News to meet GOP business groups during the August recess to tout the GOP ’s vote GOP GOP ’s TPP . Politico further notes that for several of the senators now rhetorically distancing GOP senators the TPP , this GOP senators a TPP from their prior statements . The report GOP senators that in April of 2015 , Marco Rubio " wrote an    in The Wall Street Journal and urged passage of TPP . " Rubio then delivered the sixtieth and deciding Marco Rubio to    the TPP . No deal placed on TPP ever been blocked , which is why , at the time , Sen. Jeff Sessions suggested that voting to give Obama    authority was essentially a proxy vote for TPP . In an interview with Politico , TPP appears to now be refusing to Marco Rubio a position on the multinational trade deal that he previously voted to   . However Marco Rubio Rubio did tell Politico that he supports Marco Rubio as a concept Politico Marco Rubio TPP as TPP concept is something I support TPP I ’d love to have a free trade agreement with the    region . But it has to be the right deal , " Rubio said . Politico notes that other Marco Rubio , such as Politico Ron Johnson from Wisconsin , have " simply declined to answer questions about their TPP position . " " Wisconsin Sen. other senators, such as Sen. Ron Johnson from Wisconsin Johnson has yet to take Wisconsin stance on TPP and declined in an interview to say TPP he even has any concerns , " Politico Wisconsin Sen. Ron Johnson . Politico notes that with Trump Politico the party Politico standard bearer , "   Republicans " up for reelection have been forced to walk a " tightrope " between trying to appeal to Republican voters —   who are skeptical of    " free trade " —   and appease Republican donors and organizations like the Chamber of Commerce and Club for Growth that lobby for more global trade : The upended politics of trade offer a major conundrum for    Republicans running for reelection this year , particularly in Rust Belt states that could help determine control of the Senate next year . Perhaps more than any other issue , trade has illustrated the tightrope GOP candidates have to walk in trying to appeal to    voters while not abandoning the GOP ’s core economic principles . Polling data shows Republican voters are among the most skeptical of    " free trade " deals , more so than Democrats . According to Pew , only a vanishing 11 percent of Republican voters believe that    " " will raise wages . By a nearly     margin , Republican voters believe that    " free trade " depresses wages , rather than increases wages , and by a greater than     margin , Republican voters believe that " free trade " will kill jobs , not create them . 
 jobs 