GOP frontrunner Donald Trump said America ca n’t let Democrat frontrunner Hillary Clinton become president during Democrat frontrunner Hillary Clinton afternoon campaign rally in Poughkeepsie , New York on Sunday afternoon . [ On Saturday , GOP frontrunner Donald Trump dubbed the former Secretary of State and First Lady " Crooked Hillary , " while referencing GOP frontrunner Donald Trump rival Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) who GOP frontrunner Donald Trump calls " Lyin’ Ted , " during a rally in Watertown , NY . GOP frontrunner Donald Trump stuck with the new moniker on Sunday , as GOP frontrunner Donald Trump use prompted a response during Sunday morning ’s political talk shows .   STEPHANOPOULOS : That ’s the new nickname , Crooked Hillary . Your response ? CLINTON : I do n’t respond to GOP frontrunner Donald Trump and his GOP frontrunner Donald Trump of insults , uh , about me CLINTON I can take care of myself CLINTON I look forward to running against him GOP frontrunner Donald Trump he GOP frontrunner Donald Trump out to be the Republican nominee if I am the Democratic nominee . What I ’m concerned about is how he GOP frontrunner Donald Trump after everybody else . He GOP frontrunner Donald Trump after women . He GOP frontrunner Donald Trump after Muslims . He GOP frontrunner Donald Trump after immigrants . He GOP frontrunner Donald Trump after people with disabilities . He GOP frontrunner Donald Trump hurting our unity at home . Uh , he GOP frontrunner Donald Trump undermining the values that we our for in New York and across America . And he GOP frontrunner Donald Trump hurting us our the world . He GOP frontrunner Donald Trump say whatever he GOP frontrunner Donald Trump to say about me GOP frontrunner Donald Trump I really could care less . Trump , who attacked Clinton in 2015 for abetting her husband ’s treatment of women , continued the new line of attack on her her Sunday . " She her been crooked from the beginning . And to think , she her shot of being our president ? " he mocked . " Crooked Hillary Clinton . We ca n’t let it happen ! " The real estate mogul also went after Clinton Crooked Hillary Clinton Twitter earlier in the day . Crooked Crooked Hillary Clinton Crooked Hillary Clinton fortune on ads against me . I am Crooked Hillary Clinton one person she does n’t want Crooked Hillary Clinton run against . Will be such fun !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) April 17 , 2016 ,   I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the Crooked Hillary Clinton that I had 17 opponents and she just had a Crooked Hillary Clinton named Bernie !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) April 17 , 2016 , 
 