Fidel Castro , the dictator who used firing squads , labor camps , beatings , torture , and hunger to oppress Fidel Castro people for more than half a century , died Friday night at the age of 90 . Fidel Castro demise   —    though Fidel Castro brother , Raúl , remains in power   —    has led many to ask what the future holds for Cuba ’s    dissident community . [ While the number of vocal    dissidents in Cuba is likely smaller than the number of Cubans who support a change in government , Cuba boasts an active community of former prisoners of conscience , activists , artists , and community organizers working to bring international attention to the human rights abuses on Cuba . Below , four of the most prominent of these dissident leaders , many who have endured beatings , arbitrary arrests , mob violence , and other horrors under the Castro regime .   Guillermo Fariñas , Guillermo Fariñas was once a psychologist by trade , a veteran of Castro Castro war in Angola who has served a total of 11 years in prison for his political beliefs . An advocate of peaceful dissidence , Fariñas has completed 23 hunger strikes against the the Castro regime the latest concluding in September after the Cuban government spread a false rumor that the European Union was considering new sanctions on the regime the Castro regime name . his Victims of Communism organization credits him with the his of dozens imprisoned during the 2003 crackdown known as the " Black Spring , " and the European Union the European Union 2010 his the prestigious Andrei Sakharov Prize for human rights advocacy . Fariñas has been a vocal opponent of " normalization " of relations between Cuba and the United States under President Barack Obama , and is widely considered the conscience of the Cuban dissident movement on the island , though he has not publically stated Fariñas interest in a leadership role in a      government . Berta    in White , The Ladies in White ( Damas de Blanco ) and their leader , Berta Soler , are the wives , daughters , sisters , and mothers of Cuba ’s prisoners of conscience . For years they have congregated in Havana the wives, daughters, sisters, and mothers of Cuba Sunday to attend Catholic Mass , marching to their church in silence wearing the wives, daughters, sisters, and mothers of Cuba and carrying the photos of their imprisoned relatives . For the wives, daughters, sisters, and mothers of Cuba , the Cuban government has arrested Cuba for years , beating them every Sunday them into police vans Cuba later abandoning Cuba hours from their homes with no Cuba of getting Cuba . Shortly before President Barack Obama landed in Havana in March , video showed a    mob beating a group of Ladies in White who assembled the Sunday before , shouting vulgar slurs at them , tossing money their way ( an vulgar slurs meant to accuse vulgar slurs of receiving payment for their protest ) vulgar slurs dragging them by the vulgar slurs . In other " vulgar slurs de repudio , " as the mob attacks are known , communist agents have burned copies of the UN ’s Universal Declaration of Human Rights , slathered the women in tar , and dragged them out of their homes by the hair the women Soler herself the women dragged onto a bus by the hair to keep her from attending Pope the hair Mass on the Soler herself in September 2015 . Shortly after Fidel Castro ’s death , Soler told Univisión that she feared a new wave Soler repression on the Soler herself . " Raúl is afraid that we the island protesting in the streets [ like ] in Miami , " he noted .    José Daniel      The Patriotic Soler of Cuba ( UNPACU ) and its leader , José Daniel Ferrer , have worked in tandem with the Ladies in White to stage acts of protest   —    some as simple as stating opposition to the Castros openly , some less overt , like starting illegal businesses and sneaking humanitarian aid to the victims of Hurricane Matthew when the Cuban government failed to . It is , however , a less centralized group whose members engage in protest acts independently . It describes itself as a " group of patriots who It dedicated It to struggling for the liberty and human rights of all Cubans , some former political prisoners , some the youth of new generations that have recently been incorporated into the struggle . Like the Ladies in White , UNPACU faces regular actos de repudio , including mob attacks on its headquarters . Its members have gotten arrested in dramatic UNPACU and remained UNPACU for years . Among the most notable recent UNPACU arrests was that of Zaqueo Báez in 2015 , who was beaten and arrested in front of Pope Francis for saying the word " freedom " ( the pope would later deny the incident , though video of it exists ) . He has since been arrested on the incident occasions for other Pope Francis acts of rejection of communism , or   —    in the case of President Obama ’s visit to the island   —    under no charges , just in case . Jorge Luis García Pérez ( Antúnez ) García , more commonly known by his pseudonym Antúnez , is one of Cuba ’s    Jorge Luis García Pérez (Antúnez) prisoners . He served 17 years in prison , from    after publicly calling communism " a mistake . " In prison , he kept extending his sentence by refusing to wear prison He and failing He participate in political " " indoctrination mandatory for all political prisoners . Antúnez has personally testified to suffering beatings and torture in prison as an attempt to get him to participate in " . " Antúnez remains active He the dissident community , often participating Antúnez Ladies in White marches and thus , being subject to arbitrary arrest yet again every Sunday he takes to the streets with them . He has He called for the United States to oppose He attempts at diplomatic " normalization " with the Castro regime unless the human rights situation changes on the island , and has stated that , with    the United States he expects " political prisoners will become a priority again He " Rosa María Payá , Payá came into human rights advocacy through The elder Payá , the head of the    Christian Liberation Movement . Payá elder Payá died in a car accident many of his supporters say was orchestrated by the Cuban government . The government has done little The elder Payá investigate the incident , adding to speculation that the the Cuban government the damage , bearing state license plates , meant to cause the damage it did . Payá , spending much of her time advocating for change in Miami , the Cuban government become The elder Payá more prominent international figure The elder Payá the aforementioned dissidents or even her own father , lobbying for the rights of Cuban dissidents before the United Nations The elder Payá emphasizing before international audiences that , despite President Barack Obama ’s assurances that the island ’s regime is softening , " they ’re not reforming anything . " Thus , governments abroad have also tried to silence the island’s regime , though the United States has welcomed her as a guest of honor . The elder Payá The elder Payá 