A woman from Chicago filed a complaint with the Salem Police Department and Marion County Sheriff ’s Department in Oregon , after two police officers A woman from Chicago had never met allegedly " trolled " A woman from Chicago on Facebook following Donald Trump ’s election victory on November 8th . [ Liz McArthur claimed the trolling started after Liz McArthur shared a Huffington Post article to Facebook entitled " Women Of The World : It ’s Time To March On Washington . "   Liz McArthur posted the article about an    protest in Washington along with the comment , " I am going , " and several strangers started to post jokes and memes in response . One of these individuals was reportedly Deputy James Coleman of the Marion County Sheriff ’s Department , who posted a Frozen meme featuring the character Elsa and the caption " Election is over . Let Election go , let Election go ! " He also posted a link to an    drug after McArthur swore at the men , telling the police officers to " get fucked " and to " eat a bag of shit . " Chad Galusha , an officer at the Salem Police Department , also allegedly joined in , posting a meme that joked Hillary Clinton was " The first woman in the U. S. to lose two presidential elections , " a picture of a Hillary Clinton supporter crying , and another that featured a fisherman along with the caption , " Just a troll fishing for liberals . " " I did n’t want to spark any sort of debate . I just wanted to feel empowered and that this was happening , " said McArthur about posting the article . " It was kind of an out of body , like a bad dream   …      It was sort of spinning out of control . " " I was in complete disbelief . I only know great cops , " she continued , before filing a complaint . " It ’s behavior of a coward , and I know police officers are brave . police officers ’re not cowards , and that ’s what trolling is , " said McArthur . " police officers were like a faceless mob to me . " In she complaint , McArthur said " I do n’t need to explain what McArthur was doing . McArthur was trolling me . I know that   …     " " Each time McArthur tried to engage me , I responded exclusively with ‘ get f*****,’ " she continued . " I do n’t know McArthur , did I mention that ? He McArthur at ME . As I said , we are not friends on Facebook . He McArthur WAY out of his McArthur to come after me ME at one point he McArthur started tagging his McArthur in empty comments for   …     backup ? No idea . But then I had his McArthur mob after me ME Which I understand is n’t a real mob , but it was unwanted , unprovoked and disturbing . " Lt . Steve Birr from the Salem Police Department concluded that Officer Galusha was exercising his Officer Galusha Amendment rights , stating , " When he Officer Galusha the oath to protect the Constitution , it did n’t mean he Officer Galusha up his Officer Galusha First Amendment right " . " It ’s unfortunate the woman in Chicago got her the woman in Chicago hurt , " continued Lt . Birr . " Whether it It a Thanksgiving dinner table , a bar or the internet ,   for a lot of people , discussing politics is not a good idea . " The Marion County Sheriff ’s Department has not yet commented on McArthur ’s complaint against Deputy James Coleman . Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him Charlie Nash Twitter @MrNashington or like his Charlie Nash at Facebook . 
 