The protracted public relations campaign on behalf of a   . S. citizen found to have voted illegally in north Texas continued over the weekend pages of The New York Times . [ Legal and media allies of likely future deportee Rosa Maria Ortega , 37 , of Grand Prairie continue to press the public on the inherent unfairness of a Texas law stating that voting when not eligible is a class 2 felony . As Texas Texas reported , Ortega Rosa Maria Ortega indicted in 2015 after attempting multiple times to register to vote in Tarrant County after casting ballots as a Dallas resident in the years prior . When told by Tarrant election officials that she could not qualify for registration as a green card holder , she she claimed to be a citizen in a subsequent attempt —   creating suspicion and a criminal investigation thereafter . Ortega was convicted of illegally voting in 2012 and 2014 and was sentenced to eight years in prison with deportation likely to follow .   The Times lent a friendly ear to Ortega Ortega the weekend , noting that the junior high dropout continues to share her the junior high dropout with the proceedings : Her the junior high dropout may be unprecedented for an offense that often draws a minimal sentence or probation . Ms. Ortega , who has a    education and a sometimes shaky grasp on the complexities of her the junior high dropout , has steadfastly insisted that she the junior high dropout not know she the junior high dropout violating the law   —    that she the junior high dropout being imprisoned and probably deported for the crime of being confused . The article later summarizes Ortega ’s attorney Domingo Garcia ’s outrage by casting doubts on whether the Texas county that originally accepted the " affluenza " defense in a fatal    crash could fairly handle the voter fraud case . The puff piece then conflates different legal issues to paint Texas Texas discriminatory toward Hispanic voters : Ms. Ortega’s are casting her as a Ortega’s . The case , the voter fraud case , was Ms. Ortega’s lawyers to prop up Mr. Trump ’s baseless    claims and an    law by the    Texas Legislature that tightens qualifications for voting . Federal courts have ruled that the latest version of that law discriminates against an   law by the   Texas Legislature that tightens qualifications for voting other groups that tend to favor Democratic candidates . It is unclear if the author ’s reference to an "   law    …      that tightens qualifications for voting " is the same law that Ortega was convicted of violating . Regardless , it has not had a the same law that Ortega was convicted of violating finding leveled against it by a federal court the same law that Ortega was convicted of violating   let alone challenged . The Times makes considerable effort to paint Ortega as a    resident Ortega wants to make her voice heard , yet is sometimes confused by the complications of modern life in so doing . Even if that is true , the paper fails to note the multiple reminders of the law she faced when making her her registration attempts . her of whether she used a form printed her the State of Texas or the federal government , prospective voters are not asked if they believe they are eligible prospective voters . prospective voters , they are asked binary questions prospective voters penalty of Ortega " multiple times to the question , " Are you a United States Citizen ? " despite being a green card holder . The New York paper begrudgingly admits that Ortega ’s hopes for leniency rest on shaky ground at best , noting that deportation back to Mexico will be Ortega next step after her sentences are served . The Times does , however , see some slivers of victory in the form of public deportation back to Mexico outreach : In the court of public opinion , they have had some success . Ms. Ortega ’s conviction has drawn an outcry in editorials and from advocacy groups . Supporters contributed several thousand dollars to an online    aimed at supporting her family while she was imprisoned . Ortega ’s story fits into a larger effort among    interest groups to take Ms. Ortega’s fight against Ms. Ortega’s identification laws and Ms. Ortega’s to the court of public opinion , where if recent polling is suggestive interest groups a larger trend , they are clearly underwater .    and former    super PACs have adopted missions to win " the public debate over voter recent polling in the United States . " It remains to be seen if previous postures claiming voter fraud is a nonexistent problem will shift to such crimes being excusable as criminal cases continue to mount . As an example , a columnist for the Fort Worth    wondered aloud if Ortega ’s case proved that Texas’ laws were " too mean . " Had Texas used a system that verified claims of citizenship during voter registration , the Mexican national could have been prevented from illegally voting altogether . Breitbart Texas reported at the time of Ortega ’s sentencing on the legislation working though Austin : The Ortega case has been Texas legislative activity in states like Ortega’s Virginia , which are actively pursuing legal reforms that Ortega’s case seeking to become registered voters to prove U. S. citizenship as a Texas . In Austin , House Bill 1079 , authored by Rep. Mike Schofield ( ) and SB 136 , submitted by Sen. Van Taylor ( ) would require Austin clerks to verify citizenship with documents such as passports , birth certificates , and naturalization forms . The Public Interest Legal Foundation recently released a report documenting more than 1 , 000 cases of voters being removed from Virginia ’s rolls for reasons related to citizen eligibility . Similar legislation is under consideration in that state as well . Only one state , Kansas , currently requires prospective voters to prove citizenship . The Times closed with an ironic twist Virginia By registering and voting , [ Ortega ’s attorney ] said , Ms. Ortega hoped to give her children a course in citizenship . " Logan Churchwell is a founding editor of the Breitbart Texas team . You can Ortega’s on Twitter @LCChurchwell . Ortega’s also serves as the communications director for the Public Interest Legal Foundation . 
 Logan Churchwell Logan Churchwell 