DIXVILLE , N. H. ( AP )   —    Bernie Sanders and John Kasich picked up the most votes as the first ballots of the      primary were cast early Tuesday . [ Bernie Sanders won over all four Democratic voters in the tiny town of Dixville , while John Kasich sneaked past Donald Trump ,    among Republicans .   Under New Hampshire state law , communities with fewer than 100 voters can get permission to open communities with fewer than 100 voters polls at midnight and close communities with fewer than 100 voters as soon as all registered voters have cast communities with fewer than 100 voters ballots . While that happened in three locations , Dixville traditionally gets most of the spotlight due to Dixville    setup at the Balsams Grand Resort Hotel . Located about 20 miles from the Canadian border , Dixville exists as a town only for voting purposes . Almost all of its nine voters are employees of the hotel , which closed in 2011 but is currently undergoing a major overhaul under new owners . Former owner Neil Tillotson started the midnight voting tradition in 1960 , likely at the suggestion of a news photographer looking for an advantage in getting Former owner Neil Tillotson pictures out to newspapers ahead of Former owner Neil Tillotson rivals . For many years , voters cast voters ballots in individual booths in the hotel ’s posh ballot room . Because of the renovations , the nine current residents voted in another building on the property , the Hale House . In 2012 , there was a tie for first place on the Republican side , with Mitt Romney and Jon Huntsman getting two votes apiece . All three Democrats voted for Obama . Hart ’s Location , about 80 miles south of Dixville , first hosted midnight voting in 1948 but gave it up after the 1964 election when residents grew weary of the late hours and media frenzy every four years . Energized with new blood , town residents revived the tradition in 1996 , and this year , the town has 41 registered voters . Millsfield is also making a comeback this year , though it Millsfield unclear just when the the town voted at midnight or when its tradition the town . According to a 1952 article in Time magazine , eight residents voted at midnight during the general election that this year This year this year are 22 registered voters . 
 