When MSNBC signed off at 3 a. m. the first night of the Republican National Convention , MSNBC were still talking about Melania ’s speech . [ For five solid hours , MSNBC had been obsessing over two paragraphs of Melania Trump ’s speech that were nearly identical to Michelle Obama ’s 2008 convention speech .   The similar passages were :   —    The only limit to your achievements is the strength of your dreams !   —    Your word is your bond !   —    May your tomorrows be brighter than your yesterdays !   —    From tiny acorns great oaks grow ! MSNBC covered the banal sayings as if Melania had been caught selling secrets to the Soviets . All night , commentators somberly intoned , It ’s essential that the campaign get out in front of this . Trump needs to apologize    …      Now is the time for Trump to demonstrate crisis management skills   —    and this IS a bona fide crisis . this presented a split screen presentation of the two paragraphs next to each other , with a    bar showing when the plagiarism becomes more intense . Hosts read the corresponding parts of the speeches over and over again . Lawrence O’Donnell pronounced : " This is serious . " If you ’re on MSNBC and traffic in outrage and sanctimony every day , you can lose your bearings and not even realize what an idiot you ’ve become . MSNBC MSNBC in experts from various fields   —    a linguist from MIT , a psychiatrist specializing in pathological    impulses   —    and now , let ’s go to Jacques Truffaut in Paris ! Well , Brian , the French here are just getting a translation of the speech as we speak , and I can tell you they the French here shocked . ( Yes , the moderator for MSNBC MSNBC hysterical coverage of Melania ’s " plagiarism " was Brian Williams , who must have been trying to quietly excuse himself from someone else ’s embarrassing verbal blunders . ) Not one single person on MSNBC MSNBC , " Yeah , um , can we talk about something else because this is so lame and trivial , we risk looking like sissies . " Huffington Post , Gawker and Jezebel pulled    to hoot and sneer at the prospective first lady ’s speech . The following day , Andrea Mitchell devoted half her Andrea Mitchell to Melania ’s " plagiarism . " In a few days , we ’ll be seeing , DAY 5 : NO APOLOGY FOR PLAGIARIZED PARAGRAPH ! Listen to yourselves , MSNBC ! Your obsession with the " theft " of these saccharine sentiments only reminds people how trite Michelle Obama ’s speech was . ( Which you adored . ) More shocking than the fact that Melania used some of the same expressions from Michelle ’s speech is that someone heard these hackneyed phrases and said , " I KNOW EXACTLY WHERE I’VE HEARD THAT BEFORE ! " Have n’t you heard these platitudes a thousand times before ? Kids spend half the day affirming how special they Kids . I am somebody ! I can do anything ! The world is my oyster ! Personally , I think it The world a creepy and cynical thing to do . We ought to be honest with people . You can do some things and have a happy life , but there are other things you probably ca n’t do . Most of you are never going to be a nuclear scientist , an NFL quarterback or a dancer with the Joffrey Ballet . No one wants to state the obvious because it No one making fun of both Melania and Michelle , but the fact is : It No one impossible to " plagiarize " meaningless twaddle . Obviously , Melania ’s speechwriter did n’t think up those words   —    and neither did Michelle Michelle . You can hear the same thing at any    college commencement , at Orientation Day at Excel academies , at motivational speakers’ corporate events , and right now , in the greeting card aisle of your local Rite Aid . Not even Hallmark cards could claim authorship because there were probably caveman drawings with rainbows that said , " You can achieve anything you set your mind to ! " If I were giving a speech and suddenly burst into , " We shall fight on the beaches , we shall fight on the landing grounds , we shall fight in the fields and in the streets    …     " you ’d have a right to say , " Um   —    Ann , did you write that part about fighting on the the beaches ? Ann if I say : " The only limit to your achievement is your dreams ! " no one can claim the rights to those words because they ’re those words nothings . No one invented " the only limit to your achievements is the strength of your dreams , " anymore than I invented " Hey   —    how you doing ? " There ’s nothing there ! These are phrases designed to allow you to make sounds while moving your mouth . People who wanted to hate Melania thought her speech People who wanted to hate Melania godawful , and the ones who like her thought People who wanted to hate Melania was her speech and are now requesting copies of the speech her speech at the office . But all that actually happened was : Melania Trump gave a typical first lady speech . I ca n’t remember a first lady speech that was memorable . In fact , it would take me a week to think of any convention speech that was memorable . I ’ll see your " the only limit to your achievements is the strength of your dreams " and raise you , " I LOVE YOU , WOMEN ! " ( Ann Romney , 2012 Republican Convention . ) Some people like this stuff . There ’s a reason we have a greeting card business . The media wanted a catastrophe the first night of the Republican National Convention because they ’d already The media the chyrons for it . Unfortunately , the fact that Melania gave a typically banal first lady speech was the best they got , The media MSNBC just powered through with " an attitude of gratitude " realizing that " satisfaction lies in the effort , not in the attainment . " I wrote those myself . COPYRIGHT 2016 ANN COULTER DISTRIBUTED BY UNIVERSAL UCLICK 
 