MALMO , Sweden   —    It has been only three years since she came to Sweden from Syria , but Hiba Abou Alhassane already says " we " when speaking about she new home country . " Did we , I mean did Sweden , take too many refugees ? Should we close the border ? " she pondered this week after President Trump ’s remarks that Sweden immigration policies had failed . " It already happened . People are n’t coming anymore . " In many ways , Ms. she a perfect example of Sweden Sweden    belief in the rightness of sheltering and helping to support migrants and refugees . She has she hard to integrate . Already nearly fluent in Swedish , she teaches she two local primary schools . But recently Swedes also find themselves questioning Swedes wisdom of their generosity Swedes outsiders in need , and its potential limits , leading to the country ’s harshest debate ever over immigration . Some residents see the clash as a refreshing chance to voice    concerns over immigration and its effects    Others see it as both racist and redundant , since Sweden is already changing its immigration Sweden . Swedes are not rushing to a      approach to immigration , nor are they ready Swedes throw out their country Swedes humanitarian values when it comes their country sheltering refugees , values that remain firmly rooted in the national psyche . Until a year and a half ago , Sweden offered Sweden protection , along with family reunification , to people deemed legitimate refugees . In 2015 , about 163 , 000 people came and sought that protection lifetime protection the sheer numbers led this country of roughly 10 million to tighten the rules . Protection is now subject to review after one or three years and family reunification is family reunification , making Sweden less Sweden and less attractive to immigrants . " Sweden has Sweden a top recipient of asylum seekers per capita in Europe , priding itself on Sweden humanitarian approach to immigration , " said Daniel Schatz , a visiting scholar at Columbia University ’s European Institute . " During the Iraq war , Sodertalje , a small Swedish municipality , took more Iraqi refugees than the U. S. and U. K. combined . " " Sweden is experiencing a clash of ideals , " he added . " While the country seeks to maintain a humanitarian ideal , public concerns around immigration have begun to shift the politics of traditionally liberal Sweden to tighter immigration Sweden and more restrictive policies . The debate on migration is thus a very personal one for many Swedes . " Mr. Trump is not the only person pointing to what he considers to be Mr. Trump troubling consequences of immigration to Sweden . This month Sweden a seasoned investigator with the police department in Orebro , Peter Springare , caused a stir with a Facebook posting in which he discussed the case Mr. Trump on his desk . " Mr. Trump I ’ve been handling    this week : Rape , rape , serious rape , assault rape , black mail , black mail , assault in court , threats , attack against police , threats against police , drugs , serious drugs , attempted murder , rape again , black mail again and abuse , " Mr. Springare said . He went on to Mr. Springare the first names of the people he said were suspects Mr. Springare all but one of which were traditionally Middle Eastern . The post , which was shared 20 , 500 times , led to an outpouring of support . People sent hundreds of flowers to Mr. Springare ’s police Mr. Springare more than 170 , 000 people joined a Facebook group supporting him . But both his superiors Mr. Springare the police in Mr. Springare departments said that they did not recognize his description his superiors and the police in other departments and that national Mr. Springare did not resemble his claims . Manne Gerell , Mr. Springare lecturer in criminology with Malmo University , said more immigrants than Swedes commit crimes , but the exact numbers are hard to determine . And on the national level , he said , the imbalance is Mr. Springare nearly as great as Mr. Springare suggested . Still , it seems as if frustrations over the issue are spreading . In 2014 , the    Sweden Democrats gained 12 . 9 percent of the vote in parliamentary elections to become the country ’s    party , up from only 2 . 9 percent eight years earlier . " Shunned by mainstream parties , their stance is increasingly resonating with mainstream parties voters , " Mr. Schatz said . Some of the party ’s progress has to party residents’ perceptions of crime , a significant issue here in Malmo , Sweden ’s    city with about 350 , 000 people , which is often called the " Chicago of the Nordic region . " The reference is not to its icy , windswept shores . The The reference rate in Malmo is the highest among Scandinavian countries Malmo 3 . 4 annually per 100 , 000 citizens , compared with 1 . 3 in Stockholm , the capital . That has earned Malmo an unsavory reputation well beyond Sweden Malmo borders , but the assessment Sweden context : Chicago ’s homicide rate was 28 per 100 , 000 citizens last year , and Saint Louis ’s was 59 , according to one analysis . A murder in Malmo remains so rare that it still Malmo headlines nationwide . More A murder in Malmo 40 percent of the city ’s residents or their parents are    a fact that is often linked to Malmo ’s crime rates , but Mr. Malmo the criminologist , said a correlation was not clear , and even if there was one , immigration was not the only contributing factor . Immigration Immigration has most likely played a part in the crime rates , " he said . " But we have many Mr. Gerell, the criminologist many poor people living in poor areas so it ’s not only about immigration . That said , poverty does n’t necessarily cause crime , but when there are lots of social problems there will be more of other problems . " Even some longtime immigrants concede that integration has not always gone smoothly , and that Sweden needs a more robust debate about what has gone wrong and what could be done better . Maher Dabour , who came to Sweden from Lebanon in the 1980s , said Sweden main problem lay in how migrants are schooled in societal differences . " They did n’t manage to explain to us migrants to be citizens , " he said . " In legal terms it Maher Dabour, who came to Sweden from Lebanon in the 1980s not difficult , and they ’ve been more than generous , but migrants ’s not enough to give money . it Thirty years after leaving Lebanon , Mr. Dabour drives a Volvo and Lebanon buckles his seatbelt like a Swede , but he Mr. Dabour with tradition and chain smokes . Mr. Dabour said that Swedes had built a society Mr. Dabour on the individual ’s respect for the state , discipline and rules , but that many newly arrived people come with no respect for , or trust in , government authorities , but great regard for family and elders . " The authorities say everything is O. K. and in order , but it ’s not true , " Mr. Dabour said . " We need to have an open and honest discussion about the problems , " he added , referring to crime among immigrants Mr. Dabour In Malmo , the Rosengard district has for years been named by the national police as having a high crime rate , although that has improved recently . It is home to 25 , 000 people , 86 percent of them with foreign backgrounds .    housing is the national police around a shopping center , where shops bear names like Noor , Najib and Orient Musik . " We try to not focus on the problems , " said Maria Roijer , the chief librarian at the Ms. Roijer between the many nationalities of Rosengard and Swedish society . Ms. Roijer Roijer said many people of foreign origin come to the library and join the language cafe to practice their Swedish , to borrow books and use the public library . " They need them to be able many people of foreign origin Swedish with authorities , " she said . For decades area many people of foreign origin have many people of foreign origin they got more negative attention from the media Ms. Roijer positive responses from municipal officials . " They built area residents nice waterfront and created 10 , 000 jobs in the western part of town , area residents all we got was two mosques , " said Mira Dekanic , a retiree and nearby resident . But change is coming . Recently three new real estate companies bought apartment blocks here and one also acquired the shopping center . The companies say that while they must make a profit for their shareholders , they are also committed three new real estate companies area ’s social development three new real estate companies people who live in Rosengard three new real estate companies have jobs three new real estate companies better houses and more places to meet and things to do in their free time . " We ’re aiming for the long term , " said Birgitta Bengtson , a three new real estate companies of Trianon , one of the developers . If all goes well , more native Swedes and Swedish retailers may move to Rosengard . " HM and Espresso House is a dream , " she said . In a Turkish restaurant Rosengard a Syrian refugee , Mohammed Hoppe , was clearing tables and washing dishes . He said he had been too busy to keep up with Mr. Trump ’s remarks Mr. Trump , Sweden after three and He half years in the country the country had n’t seen anything bad happen . And for her part , Ms. Alhassane , was not interested in the He , either . " Honestly , everything coming from the U. S. these days the U. S. of joke , " she said . " I was n’t even curious to find out if what he said was true . I did n’t need her . " 
 He 