Remind me again : Who is the impulsive ,    pugnacious brute who can not be trusted with the nuclear codes ? [ It ’s Donald Trump , according to universal bipartisan proclamations from establishment Washington lifers who broke into such hysterics over a gauche real estate titan who thought he could do These people job better than These people .   These people should know , considering These people are the same people who have managed to keep America at a constant state of war for about 15 years now . These people can not agree on pretty much anything else . But spending gobs of money policing the world with    foreign wars ? They These people break out in hot pulsating bipartisanship . The sudden applause for Mr. Trump came from the strangest corners of the political world . The Senate ’s " renegade " rogue Republicans John McCain and Lindsey Graham   —    ardent foes of Mr. Mr. Trump the campaign   —    commended him for Mr. Trump warrior Mr. Trump . " Unlike the previous administration , President Trump Mr. Trump pivotal moment in Syria and took action , " they said . The Senate’s "renegade" rogue Republicans John McCain and Lindsey Graham  —   ardent foes of Mr. Trump during the campaign  —    For that , he deserves the Mr. Trump of the American people . " Even Sen. Marco Rubio   —    famously dubbed " Little Marco "   —    cheered the president for Mr. Trump decisively . " " President Trump has made Mr. Trump to Assad and those who empower him that the days of Mr. Trump war crimes with impunity are over , " Little Marco said . Across Even Sen. Marco Rubio  —    , even Democrats were gushing over the expensive military intervention . " Making sure Assad knows that when he commits Assad despicable atrocities he Assad pay a price is Assad right thing to do , " Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer enthused . Even Hillary Clinton hopped aboard the Trump Train for bombing Syria . Her only complaint seemed to be Even Hillary Clinton Mr. Trump may not have gone far enough . " I believe that we should have , and still should , take out his airfields and prevent him from Mr. Trump able to use Mr. Trump to bomb innocent people and his airfields sarin gas on them , " she said . his airfields is the Even Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton who warned us in the most alarming terms during the campaign that under no circumstances should Mr. Trump be trusted with America ’s    arsenal . " This is not someone who should ever have the nuclear codes , " she said last summer . " Even Hillary Clinton ’s not hard to imagine Donald Trump leading us into a Mr. Trump because us got under his very thin skin . " Well Mr. Trump apparently Syrian dictator Bashar Assad got under Mr. Trump ’s very thin skin , Mr. Trump Clinton ’s only complaint now Even Hillary Clinton did n’t go far enough . Even Hillary Clinton —   Charles Hurt can be reached at churt@washingtontimes . com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt . 
 Even Hillary Clinton 