Tuesday at the Senate Democratic Legislative Agenda press conference , incoming Senate Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer ( ) said because of    Donald Trump ’s announcement nominating Rep. Tom Price ( ) to serve as secretary of Health and Human Services , " It ’s clear that Washington Republicans are plotting a war on seniors next year . "   incoming Senate Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer said , " I was just so disappointed to see the    nominate Congressman Price to serve as Secretary of Health and Human Services this morning . When it comes to issues like Medicare , The Affordable Care Act , Planned Parenthood , Congressman Price and the average American could n’t be further apart . Between this nomination of avowed Medicare opponent and Republican here in Washington threatening to privatize Medicare , it ’s clear that Washington Republicans are plotting a war on seniors next year . Every senior , every American should hear this loudly and clearly . Democrats will not let Democrats win that fight . " " After the 2004 elections , Republicans tried to take the rug out from under seniors to privatize Social Security , " Republicans continued . " And now after the 2004 elections it seems they are Republicans on trying the same trick on Medicare . Just as their efforts Republicans then , they will Republicans now . We say to our Republicans We want to privatize Medicare — Medicare go try it . Make our day We Democrats from blue states , purple states and red states are going to link arm in arm to protect Medicare for Medicare seniors and ensure Republicans do n’t succeed in putting our seniors’ We care at risk . As we have said many times , there will be issues where we can work with the    and his party    but privatizing Medicare is Medicare , certainly not , one of those issues . We ’re going to fight tooth and nail any attempt to privatize , voucherize or any other ize you can think of , when it comes to Medicare . Medicare Republicans considering going down this path , my advice is simple , turn back . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 