WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    Donald Trump addressed the recent flareup of " birtherism " controversy on Friday at Donald Trump brand new hotel in WASHINGTON , D. C. stating unequivocally that President Barack Obama was born in the United States . [ " I finished it , " Donald Trump declared , charging that Hillary Clinton started the birther controversy .   " President Barack Obama was born in the United the United States . Now , we all want to get back to making America strong and great again , " Donald Trump declared on Friday morning . Donald Trump addressed the issue after a Washington Post article was published Thursday , questioning why Donald Trump wo n’t acknowledge that Obama was President Barack Obama in the United States . the United States to say whether Donald Trump believes Obama was President Barack Obama in Hawaii , " reported the Washington Post‘s Robert Costa . " I ’ll answer that question at the right time , " Donald Trump told Costa . " I just do Robert Costa want to answer it yet . " In 2011 , President Obama President Barack Obama President Barack Obama birth certificate President Barack Obama the state of Hawaii in response to public pressure from Hawaii . Reporters Mark Halperin and John Heilemann said in their book Double Down : Game Change Reporters Mark Halperin and John Heilemann that Obama was forced President Barack Obama look through his mother ’s President Barack Obama to find the document . As reported by Breitbart News’ Matthew Boyle : Halperin and Heilemann claim Obama literally spent Mark Halperin his John Heilemann home President Barack Obama through old records to try to find some kind of proof he was born President Barack Obama Hawaii amid the belongings of his late mother President Barack Obama Ann Dunham . After Obama made the President Barack Obama rounds throughout Chicago , " he avoided mentioning President Barack Obama , " Chicago and Heilemann wrote , " yet the issue remained much on his mind . President Barack Obama " What confounded him about the President Barack Obama , beyond its absurdity , was that there was no ready the problem , " they wrote . " Although Trump was braying for Halperin and Heilemann original    birth certificate , officials in Obama Trump home state were legally prohibited from releasing it on their own , and the president had officials in Obama’s home state earthly officials in Obama where his family ’s copy was . " 
 the president 