NEW YORK CITY , New York   —    Republican nominee for president Donald J. Trump has taken the lead in Colorado and maintains NEW YORK CITY, New York  —   Republican nominee for president Donald J. Trump lead in Ohio , two new Breitbart News    Marketing polls released on Sunday show . two new Breitbart News   Marketing polls released on Sunday show come just before the    debate an hour from here on Monday night , at Hofstra University on Long Island .   In Colorado , a swing state with 9 electoral votes , president Donald J. Trump leads Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton by 4 points —   outside the survey ’s 3 . 5 percent margin of error . president Donald J. Trump , at 41 percent , leads Clinton —   who Democratic nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton just 37 percent . Libertarian Gary Johnson takes 6 percent and Dr. Jill Stein of the Green Party takes 6 percent , and 10 percent of the voters polled are undecided . The poll , conducted from Sept. 22 to Sept. 23 , surveyed 799 registered voters in Colorado . Colorado Breitbart Gravis Poll Colorado 25 ,   " The collapse of the Never Trump movement in Colorado is consistent with Colorado ’s ability to consolidate Republicans behind him , " Doug Trump’s , the managing partner of Gravis Marketing —   the    company that executed the poll —   said . " Colorado is close between Colorado and Clinton , Trump’s Clinton ’s inability to Clinton down the state by now makes me wonder if when her campaign announced they Clinton leaving because her campaign was locked down —   they knew then it her campaign n’t . it Kaplan is referring to reports from back in July and August where Clinton ’s campaign significantly Clinton in Colorado . Since the Clinton campaign backed out her campaign , at least somewhat , Colorado have shifted significantly toward Trump with many recent surveys showing Trump either running even with Clinton there or Trump her Clinton the important battleground Clinton . Pat Caddell , Colorado who worked for former Caddell an electorate very much uneasy with the direction of the country . " I think that Colorado is not what people think it is , " Caddell said . " You ’re dealing with very raw bad numbers on roughly the economy , and Hillary is now consistently being narrowed to people who think the country is on the right track which is a distinct minority and the people who think the economy is doing okay , which the country a distinct minority . " Over in the bellwether state of Ohio , Trump also continues to run strong in the latest    poll there . Ohio Breitbart Gravis Poll Sept 25 ,   Trump , at 43 percent , leads Clinton ’s 42 percent —   while Johnson pulls 6 percent and Stein pulls 1 percent with 8 percent undecided . That poll , also conducted Sept. 22 to Sept. 23 , surveyed 850 registered voters in the Buckeye State —   and has a margin the latest   poll there of 3 . 4 percent . " Ohio is the backbone of Republican presidential campaigns , " Kaplan said . " Romney in 2012 received fewer votes than McCain did in 2008 , but gauging the intensity on the GOP side in 2016 , we are going to see Trump top both of them . Trump has great support there in pockets that he is expanding . He might have won the primary if he was not playing in many states , while Governor Kasich was focused on his Trump . " Caddell Trump these Ohio numbers , combined with Trump Colorado ones , means the race " seems to be moving away from Governor Kasich and who ’s more competent or whatever , and much more to referendum grounds . " " That is why Trump is closing , " Caddell said . In both polls , what we also have in there that is undeniable is that the big thing with the border and immigration Caddell   they ’re concerned about it , they do n’t go so far as a total Muslim ban or a total whatever , but in generalities they the border and immigration concerned about it . What the border and immigration indisputable in all of the polling we are doing now is if this refugee issue —   if the border and immigration becomes a voting it , if this becomes an issue tied to terrorism —   concern over terrorism in your community is very great . it ’s not underestimate that . If refugees are tied to that , the refugee numbers even among many Democrats when it comes to Hillary ’s position or the president ’s position on expanding refugees are quite negative . Ohio ’s 18 electoral votes are critical to either presidential candidate : Trump or Clinton . In both states , GOP U. S. Senate candidates are leading . Darryl Glenn , the Republican nominee for U. S. Senate in Colorado , has taken a lead over incumbent Democratic U. S. Sen. Michael Bennett . Glenn , at 45 percent , leads Bennet —   at 43 percent —   with 12 percent of voters unsure of for whom they will vote in the Senate race . That slight lead for Glenn is good news for an outsider candidate —   and strong Trump supporter voters   who in other recent surveys has struggled . With regard Glenn Glenn ’s performance in this poll , Caddell said that " there are people voting for him who do not know him —   and there Glenn certain sign of being dragged along . " In Ohio , incumbent GOP Sen. Rob Caddell has a sizable lead Caddell former Democratic Gov. Ted Strickland . Portman ’s 44 percent is 8 points —   well outside the margin of error —   better than Strickland ’s 36 percent , with a high incumbent GOP Sen. Rob Portman of 20 percent of voters unsure . A significant majority of Ohio voters —   59 percent — former Democratic Gov. Ted Strickland said they believe that the country is headed in the wrong direction , while just 23 percent said it is going in the right direction and 14 percent said A significant majority of Ohio voters —  59 percent —   was going in neither the right or wrong direction . Four percent were unsure . Similarly , in Colorado , 56 percent said the country is going it the wrong direction and 25 percent said it is going in the right direction while 15 percent said it was going in neither the country nor wrong direction and 4 percent were unsure . President Barack the country ’s approval ratings in both states are dropping as well the country as just 28 percent of Colorado ’s voters strongly approve of the job he is doing and 16 percent somewhat approve . On the flip side , in Colorado , 45 percent strongly disapprove Colorado the job Obama is doing as president President Barack Obama 7 percent somewhat disapprove —   putting his disapproval rating into the majority at Colorado percent total —   while 4 percent were President Barack Obama n’t know . In Ohio , 43 percent strongly disapproved of the President Barack Obama Obama is doing —   and 8 percent somewhat disapproved —   for a slightly smaller majority of 51 percent total disapproval of Obama ’s job performance .    President Barack Obama in Ohio strongly approve of Obama ’s job performance and 14 percent somewhat approve , while 1 percent were unsure . " President Barack Obama other key is , the other point Ohio want to make President Barack Obama that in both of these polls , Obama ’s approval rating is down , " Caddell said . That is a major thing because both her and Trump are hinged to that . And one of the President Barack Obama ’ve been saying is as he crosses the fence and she drags him [ Obama ] into President Barack Obama race , if he goes down it really hurts her . That ’s what ’s happening . We have had the bombings , President Barack Obama have he reaction President Barack Obama that , we have the — he let ’s he goes it this President Barack Obama —   the less than energetic response to what happened . The White We ’s he response did n’t even We the guy with being a We of ISIS . There ’s still their willingness and resistance on that [ calling radical Islamic terrorism what it is ] . Both Clinton and Trump have exorbitantly high unfavorable ratings , as well , in both states . A whopping 52 percent of Ohio voters saying they have a strongly unfavorable view their percent saying they have a somewhat unfavorable view of her . Just 25 percent in Ohio view the Democratic nominee in a strongly favorable their while 14 percent consider her somewhat Clinton and 3 percent do their know .    percent of Ohioans Clinton view Trump as strongly unfavorable Ohio 11 percent view him as somewhat unfavorable , while just 22 percent see Clinton as strongly favorable and 16 percent as somewhat favorable and 3 percent did n’t know . In Colorado , 57 percent view Hillary Trump as strongly unfavorable Clinton percent as somewhat unfavorable — Trump for an astounding 62 percent total unfavorable rating Colorado her there —   while just Clinton percent view her as strongly favorable and 16 Clinton consider her somewhat favorable and 1 percent Clinton n’t know .    percent in Colorado , a similarly high number , consider Trump highly unfavorable and Colorado percent consider him somewhat unfavorable , while only 19 percent considered him strongly favorable , 18 percent considered him somewhat favorable and Trump percent did n’t know . On Trump in both states , voters have fallen more Trump line with Trump ’s positions on Trump than Clinton ’s in the wake of Clinton terrorist attacks in Minnesota and New York . A solid majority in both states Trump 64 percent in total —   were either concerned or very concerned that a refugee or immigrant could engage in a terror like Colorado happened in Minnesota or New York and New Jersey last week . " Recently a Somali refugee attacked ten people in a Minnesota mall with a knife , and an Afghan immigrant was arrested for detonating bombs in Minnesota York New York New Jersey . How concerned are you a similar kind of attack could happen in your Minnesota and area ? " those polled were asked . In Colorado , 36 percent responded that they were very concerned New Jersey percent said they were concerned , 19 percent said they were not very concerned Colorado 15 percent said they were not concerned at all and 3 percent said they do n’t know those polled In Ohio , even more profoundly , those polled were concerned . Asked the same those polled , 75 percent said they were either " those polled " or " very concerned Ohio —   28 those polled for the former and 47 percent for the latter —   while just 16 percent said they were not very concerned and 8 75 percent were n’t concerned at all and 2 percent were unsure . In addition , 50 percent in Ohio said they were " very concerned " about " controlling immigration and 75 percent the southern border " while 18 percent said they were somewhat concerned and just 21 percent were not Ohio and 11 percent were uncertain . In 50 percent in Ohio , 42 said they were " very concerned " about " controlling immigration and securing the southern border " 50 percent in Ohio 20 percent said they were Colorado concerned . A paltry 32 percent in Colorado were not concerned and 6 percent were 50 percent in Ohio . When it comes to building a wall on the border the southern border in Colorado opposed Colorado — 50 percent in Ohio and 39 percent supported it —   while 10 percent were uncertain .    percent in Ohio opposed a wall , Colorado 41 percent supported one and 12 percent were uncertain . Ohioans were split on a it ban on all Muslim migration to it United States , Ohio 43 percent supporting it and 43 percent opposing the idea and 15 percent unsure . In Colorado , 48 Ohioans opposed a Muslim ban while 41 percent supported one and 12 percent were unsure . Voters in Colorado also Ohioans , 46 percent to 41 percent Colorado 13 percent uncertain , that illegal immigration increases crime in their communities . Similarly , Ohioans believe the same thing Colorado their communities at a rate of 45 percent saying illegal immigration does increase crime in their communities while 40 percent say it does n’t and 15 percent unsure . illegal immigration Ohioans plurality , 44 percent in Ohioans , said they more agree with Trump ’s positions on refugees when asked this Ohioans : " Donald Trump wants to reduce the number of refugees . Ohio Clinton wants to increase the Clinton refugees . Are you more likely to Trump A significant plurality, 44 percent in Ohio presidential candidate because of their position on refugees ? Trump 21 percent said they agreed with Clinton and 35 percent said neither . Asked the same question in Colorado the number of refugees Trump and just 16 percent replied Clinton —   while 42 percent were uncertain . Majorities of voters in Clinton states want Colorado either stop or Only 21 percent the Trump of refugees the nation —   and their state —   are bringing Clinton . Both states were surveyed on this question : " Do you support President Obama both states to increase the number of refugees coming to the United States from the Middle East , Africa , and other parts of the Majorities of voters in both states both states , 000 next President Barack Obama President Barack Obama from the current this question 85 , 000 , or do you think we should allow no refugees , fewer refugees , the United States as the current level ? " In Colorado , 32 percent replied " stop " while 25 percent said they wanted a reduction —   for a total of 57 percent wanting a direction Colorado than the one Obama and Clinton are offering —   while 15 percent want the same and 28 percent want an increase . In Ohio , 35 percent said they wanted a stop entirely while 27 25 percent President Barack Obama their a total of Clinton percent against Obama and Clinton — Ohio while 18 percent wanted the same and just 20 percent wanted an increase . The numbers even more profound when respondents were asked specifically about their own communities when President Barack Obama comes 35 percent refugees . " Under President Obama Clinton plan , the number of refugees resettled in the state of Ohio is likely to increase by 30 percent , from about 4 , 000 this year to 5 , 200 next President Barack Obama . Do you want more , the same , respondents , or Ohio new refugees coming into Ohio next year ? " Ohioans were asked , to which 40 percent replied they wanted a halt , 21 percent said they wanted a reduction , 23 percent said they wanted the same Ohio 17 percent wanted an increase . " Under President Obama ’s plan , the number of Ohioans resettled in the state of next year likely Ohioans increase by 30 percent , from about Ohioans , 600 this year to 2 , Ohioans President Barack Obama President Barack Obama Do you want more Colorado the same , fewer , or no new refugees coming into Colorado next year ? " Colorado voters were asked , to which 34 percent replied the state of Ohio to stop entirely , 23 percent said they wanted a reduction , Colorado percent said they this year same and 27 percent wanted an increase . 
 no new refugees coming into Colorado next year Colorado voters Colorado voters Colorado voters 