Pepsi pulled Pepsi      soda commercial Wednesday following massive online backlash and also apologized to model Kendall Jenner , who starred in the      minute spot . [ " Pepsi was trying to project a global message of unity , peace and understanding , " Pepsi said in a statement Wednesday . Wednesday Clearly we missed the mark , and we apologize we We did we intend to make light of any serious issue . We are we the content and halting any further rollout . We also we for putting Kendall Jenner in this position . "   The ad , titled , " Live for Now Moments Anthem , " depicted Jenner ditching Kendall Jenner modeling shoot to join demonstrators at a nondescript protest in the streets of New York City . The     model appears to calm the raucous demonstration by sharing a can of Pepsi with a police officer .   Critics of the ad flooded social media , many of them arguing social media the ad    the    Trump " resistance " movement to make a profit . In particular , some critics noted that the scene of Jenner handing the soda can to the police officer was reminiscent of a photograph taken last year of Black Lives Matter protester Ieshia Evans confronting a police officer in Baton Rouge . Pepsi initially appeared to defend the in a statement issued to Breitbart News on Tuesday . " This is a global ad that reflects people from different walks of life coming together in a spirit of harmony , and we think that ’s an important message to convey , " the soda Pepsi . Fallout from the commercial , however , had spread quickly on social media , and included criticism from Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. ’s youngest child Bernice King , television personality Piers Morgan , and Black Lives Matter activist DeRey McKesson . If only Daddy would have known about the power of # Pepsi . pic . twitter .    —    Be A King ( @BerniceKing ) April 5 , 2017 ,   The new @pepsi ad with @KendallJenner is stupefyingly diabolical . Absurd ,      snowflake claptrap . pic . twitter .    —    Piers Morgan ( @piersmorgan ) April 4 , 2017 ,   If I had carried Pepsi I guess I never would ’ve gotten arrested . Who knew ?   —    deray mckesson ( @deray ) April 5 , 2017 ,   It ’s incredible that @pepsi apologized to Kendall . She chose to be @pepsi part of that ad . Pepsi needs to apologize Pepsi the protestors .   —    deray mckesson ( @deray ) April 5 , 2017 ,   " Now just wait one second officers . I have a Pepsi . " pic Pepsi twitter .    —    Philip Lewis ( @Phil_Lewis _ ) April 5 , 2017 ,   pic . twitter .    —    David Burge ( @iowahawkblog ) April 5 , 2017 ,   J. Edgar Hoover takes aim from the grassy knoll . The motorcade approaches . He fires . JFK J. Edgar Hoover a # Pepsi to his lips , blocks J. Edgar Hoover bullet .   —    Patton Oswalt ( @pattonoswalt ) April 5 , 2017 ,   The very real struggle of the marganilized to survive under Trump is not an opportunity for @KendallJenner and @Pepsi to market themselves .   — @KendallJenner and @Pepsi Brianna Wu ( @Spacekatgal ) April 5 , 2017 ,   The Kendall Jenner Pepsi fiasco is a perfect example of what happens when there ’s no black people in the room when decisions are being made .   —    Travon Free ( @Travon ) April 4 , 2017 ,   A white girl calming the tensions at a    by giving the officers some soda ?   …     . .Yea . .Pepsi did n’t think that one through .   —    # TrustTheProcess ( @KENNotBeStopped ) April 5 , 2017 ,   @pepsi does this look familiar ? ‍ ♂ ️ Good job guys 👍 . You guys are killing it 🙄 😒 . # wokejusttomakeabuck pic . twitter .    —    AR$ ( @Oramihigh ) April 5 , 2017 ,     Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 