California is key for Donald Trump in Donald Trump quest to cinch the GOP ’s nomination and avoid a contested convention this July a task Donald Trump may very well be able to achieve according to the latest polls . [ The Republican Party ’s frontrunner hired several senior aides tasked specifically with helping Donald Trump avoid a contested convention , pouring millions of Donald Trump own dollars into securing delegates .   RealClearPolitics points to an average of four polls from the past month in California showing Trump up by 15 percentage points over Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and Ohio Gov. John Kasich . A new Fox News poll of likely California primary voters released late Friday shows Trump leading the Republican field with 49 % leading both Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) who is at a distant second with 22 % and Ohio Gov. John Kasich at 20 % . A poll by    has Trump as the same . " We have a very important job to do in California , " said Tim Clark , Trump state director . According to the Los Angeles Times , he added " By Tim Clark, Trump’s state director the excitement surrounding Mr. Trump , it ’s our intention to deliver Mr. Trump’s candidacy delegates for Trump to the Trump convention " during the June 7 California primary . Trump is scheduled California speak at the California Republican Party ’s convention , taking place between April 29 and May 1 at the Hyatt Regency in Burlingame . Neither Cruz nor Kasich have enough delegates to date to secure the required 1 , 237 for a nomination . Trump does , Trump considering he is predicted Trump win in Pennsylvania , Connecticut , Maryland , Rhode Island and Delaware in this Tuesday ’s primary . There are 172 delegates at stake in California .   Breitbart News’     Joel B. Pollak elaborated on Cruz ’s recent statement that he could win in California : Joel B. Pollak has predicted that California will Cruz well in California Joel B. Pollak Trump , whom he California called a " niche Joel B. Pollak candidate . Yet Cruz is now in danger of Cruz relegated to that category , as Kasich moves up in the polls . Kasich also enjoys the support of Kasich last Republican governor , Arnold Schwarzenegger . Current polls may have a disproportionate effect on the outcome , because    voting begins May 9 . Only about    of California primary voters will cast their ballots on primary day , California primary voters 7 . During an appearance on Fox News Channel ’s " Hannity " program with host Sean Hannity , Trump said " I could win Pennsylvania by a landslide , get 17 delegates , and somebody else could get , like , 30 or 40 , and they do n’t even win . 17 delegates He added that it was " Trump right " that the other candidates " have connections into the machine " which he worries could lead to the Trump ’s establishment undermining him despite being the most popular Trump . Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter @AdelleNaz . 
 