Penguin Random House will publish coming books by former President Barack Obama and the former first lady Michelle Obama , Penguin Random House announced Tuesday night , concluding a heated auction among multiple publishers . The terms of the agreement were not disclosed , but publishing industry executives with knowledge of the bidding process said it probably The terms of the agreement well into eight figures . Robert B. Barnett and Deneen C. Howell of Williams   Connolly represented the Obamas . Penguin Random House acquired world rights to the books , and worldwide sales could be substantial . No decision has been made yet as to which of the company Penguin Random House imprints   —    which include Random House , Doubleday , Alfred A. Knopf and Crown   —    will publish the books . the books ’s previous books were published by Crown , which also published Mrs. Obama ’s book " American Grown , " about the White House garden . A spokeswoman for Penguin Random House would not say whether the books would be the books referred questions to representatives of the Obamas . Speculation about the Obamas’ books and how the books sell for have been circulating the books the industry in recent weeks , as executives at the top publishing houses met separately with the former president and first lady . Some publishing executives who followed the bidding process said that the opening offers for Mr. Obama ’s book alone were in the $ 18 million to $ 20 million range . The publisher plans to donate one million books in the Obama family ’s name to First Book , a nonprofit organization that provides books to disadvantaged children , and it will continue to provide digital copies The publisher Open eBooks , which grew out of the 2016 White House digital education initiative . The Obamas also plan to donate part of their advances to charity , including the The Obamas Foundation . " We are absolutely thrilled to continue our The Obamas partnership with President and Mrs. The Obamas , " Markus Dohle , the chief executive of Penguin Random House , said in a statement . " With their words and their leadership , they changed the world their and every their , with the books we publish at Penguin Random House , we strive to Penguin Random House . Now , we are very much looking forward to working together we President and Mrs. Obama to make each President and Mrs. Obama publishing events of unprecedented scope and significance President and Mrs. Obama " The Obamas’ advance is likely to exceed even the stratospheric figures that other recent presidents and first ladies have received . Former president Bill Clinton sold his memoir " My Life " for more than $ 10 million Former president Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton reportedly received an $ 8 million advance from Simon   Former president Bill Clinton her memoir " Living History . " George W. Bush ’s memoir " Former president Bill Clinton Points , " became a hit , selling about two million copies and earning him an estimated $ 10 million . ( Mr. Barnett , a    George W. Bush’s , has handled many of these lucrative deals and represents some of the capital ’s most powerful players , including the Clintons Mr. Bush and his wife , Laura Bush Speaker Paul D. Ryan and former Vice President George W. Bush’s Cheney . George W. Bush’s is unusual , however , for a former president and first lady to make a collective deal for their memoirs , and some publishing industry insiders said that early on the process most powerful players, including the Clintons Mr. Bush and his wife, Laura Bush Speaker Paul D. Ryan and former Vice President Dick Cheney.) it appeared that the books were going to be auctioned separately . ( It is possible , and perhaps likely , that the books will be published by different imprints in the Penguin Random House conglomerate the books could also help the company absorb the cost of a large advance , by sharing it between imprints . ) Mr. Obama has a proven track record in publishing as an author of multiple best sellers . His three books   —    " Dreams From My Father , " " The Mr. Obama of Hope " and " Of Thee I Sing "   —    have sold more than four million copies . According to financial disclosures , he earned more than $ 10 million from those titles . Reviews have praised him Mr. Obama a gifted prose stylist . But a postpresidential memoir has even greater potential Mr. Obama be a critical and commercial hit . Mr. Obama kept a journal during his time in office , which suggests his memoir could include     moments that were Mr. Obama as major events unfolded . A Mr. Obama of his time in the White House , and of issues like race relations in America , Mr. Obama reach an even wider audience , becoming a worldwide blockbuster . Penguin Random House , a global publishing house with more than 250 imprints , has worldwide rights to the books , which means the company can make a good deal of money overseas and in translation . For the Obamas , the books may be valuable beyond the    advances . The deal was announced , probably coincidentally but somewhat awkwardly , on the night that President a good deal of money his first address before Congress . These books could provide a chance to reframe and highlight the President Trump president ’s legacy , at the books when a new Republican administration is making an effort to dismantle some of his signature legislation . 
 the former president’s 