Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said fellow candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz avoided answering a question about fellow candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz because " people back down with Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump during Saturday ’s Republican presidential debate on ABC .   Cruz fellow candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz asked , " Senator fellow candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz you did say of Trump Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump this week , ‘ That ’s not the temperament of a leader to keep this country safe.’ Why not ? " He responded fellow candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz " Well , you know David , the assessment the voters are making here in New Hampshire and across the country this country they ’re evaluating the voters and every one of us . They are looking the voters our experience . us ’re looking the voters our knowledge . us ’re looking the voters our temperament and us . They ’re looking the voters our clarity of us and our strength of us . The world is getting much more dangerous . We ’ve had us years with Barack Obama in the Oval Office , a     that is unwilling even to acknowledge the enemy we ’re facing us This is a president who , in the wake of Paris , in the wake of San Bernardino , will not even use the words ‘ radical Islamic terrorism,’ much less focus on defeating the enemy . I am convinced , every individual standing on this stage would make a much better     than Barack Obama , or Hillary Clinton , or [ Democratic presidential candidate Senator ] Bernie Sanders ( ) and the primary voters are making the assessment for each of us , who is best prepared to keep this country safe , to rebuild the military , to rebuild our Navy , our Air Force our our Army , our Marines , our to ensure that we keep America our . " After moderator David Muir followed up , " Senator Cruz , I did ask about Mr. Trump . You said he does n’t Mr. Trump the temperament to be    . Do you stand by those words ? " Cruz answered , Senator Cruz I think that is an assessment the voters are going to make , and they ’re going the voters make it of each and every one of us . They are going the voters assess who is    who has clear vision , who has judgment , who can confront our enemies , us can confront the threats we face in us country , and who can have the judgment when to engage and when not to engage , both are incredibly important for a     knowing how to go after our enemies . us the case of Iran , for example , who has the clarity of vision to understand that the Ayatollah Khomeini , when he chants ‘ Death to America,’ he means it America,’ We America,’ a president with the judgment and the judgment keep this country safe from Iran terrorists . " Trump then said , " I respect what Ted just said , but if you noticed , he did n’t answer your Ted , and that ’s what ’s going to happen   —    it ’s okay . That ’s what ’s going to happen with our enemies , and the people we compete against . We our going to win our Trump . We ’re going Trump win our We do n’t win anymore our Our country does n’t win our We ’re going to win with our . And people back down Trump Trump , and that ’s what Trump like , and that ’s what the country is going to like Iran Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 