Resentful liberals across the country are thankful that Thanksgiving is an opportunity to insult relatives who may have voted for    Donald Trump . [ A slew of liberals in the news and entertainment world offer guides for    lefties on what to do when forced to break bread with their supposedly " racist , " " bigoted , " and " misogynistic " relatives .   Gothamist‘s Scott Heins , for instance , told Gothamist‘s Scott Heins readers Gothamist‘s Scott Heins loathed Gothamist‘s Scott Heins dad ’s " bigotry and misogyny " and claimed Gothamist‘s Scott Heins    father voted Trump because Gothamist‘s Scott Heins was excited by the candidate ’s " white nationalism . " Gothamist‘s Scott Heins also seemed to consider Thanksgiving dinner as little else but drudgery that Gothamist‘s Scott Heins was obligated to suffer . Gothamist‘s Scott Heins proclaimed it Gothamist‘s Scott Heins " progressive duty " to hector Gothamist‘s Scott Heins family back home in rural Minnesota about how Hillary Clinton would have been better , and that Trump is a racist , and that liberal policies are the only thing that can save the country . Gothamist‘s Scott Heins sounds considerate . Speaking of " considerate , " leftist comedienne Samantha Bee made a list of ways bedraggled liberals could get even with bedraggled liberals bigoted Republican relatives on Thanksgiving . leftist comedienne Samantha Bee lamented that liberals are forced to share a Thanksgiving meal with voters who put a "   lunatic who may or may not be able to read " into the White House , but she has leftist comedienne Samantha Bee cure for that disease . Among her suggestions leftist comedienne Samantha Bee Bee insisted that when a Republican relative starts the meal with a prayer , liberal family members should " take a knee " in emulation of the    protests of NFL player Colin Kaepernick . If that does n’t work , Hillary fans leftist comedienne Samantha Bee try drug abuse . " Accelerate the peaceful effects of tryptophan by pairing your turkey with five Xanax , " she wrote leftist comedienne Samantha Bee Then Bee apparently leftist comedienne Samantha Bee that murdering a Republican relative is also an option : " Calmly and reasonably explain to your uncle why Donald Trump was the wrong choice for president while your uncle your uncle to death on the floor , the carving knife protruding from his chest . your uncle For Mother Jones , leftist Kevin Drum also had a few pointers on how to talk to your " crazy    relatives . " Drum decided that leftist Kevin Drum best way to discuss politics with " your    aunts and uncles " is to actually sit down and watch Fox , listen to talk radio , and learn about what conservatives actually think ! But , after making the suggestion , Drum admitted that leftist Kevin Drum an effort would all be too hard for him , so Fox hoped someone Fox would " do the country a public service . " Finally , Ron Reagan , Jr. warned an MSNBC audience that liberals should avoid going to relatives’ homes if those relatives live in a state with concealed carry . Apparently Reagan assumes that Ron Reagan supporters will simply shoot liberal relatives who voted for Hillary . But the one bit of advice that seemed o appear most often among the lists of the left ’s suggestions for Thanksgiving was to just skip it and stay home safe in their liberal , big city enclaves . " Consider canceling your plans , " Yahoo News wrote . PRI . org insisted that " some millennials , particularly the more liberal ones , are choosing to opt out of the festivities this year   —    their wounds too fresh . " And for WBUR psychologist Dr. Patricia Harney noted that many of her patients are WBUR psychologist Dr. Patricia Harney to " change plans to avoid the emotional challenges and potential conflicts . " In contrast , the New York Times and other media outlets were unable to find Trump supporters who are eager to ruin the family Thanksgivings with curdled politics . On the day after the election , Ms. [ Nancy ] Sundin asked her brother , Ms. [Nancy] Sundin firefighter who voted for Mr. Trump , to stop texting her . " Ms. [Nancy] Sundin told him I was her brother, a firefighter who voted for Mr. Trump to explain to my children ‘ why hate wins,’ " she said . Ms. [Nancy] Sundin His response back her brother, a firefighter who voted for Mr. Trump , ‘ I get to explain to my children why my children matters . my children " She has not Ms. [Nancy] Sundin to him since . her brother, a firefighter who voted for Mr. Trump I think I ’ll give that one some time , " she said . Ms. [Nancy] Sundin Sundin and her Ms. Sundin met for coffee in a Target , Ms. Sundin is their habit . Still , Ms. Sundin has Ms. Sundin to spend Thanksgiving with a few friends and her husband and children , not with her Ms. Sundin family . Her mother is taking Ms. Sundin in stride . her mother does n’t matter , " she said . " I love her to pieces her mother I do n’t want to her mother anything with my Nancy . I want her to be just the way she is . her mother Happy Thanksgiving . Follow Warner her mother Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 