   evidence shows that a political team headed up by Stu Spencer , now a top adviser to Gov. John Kasich ’s presidential campaign , was trying to draft former President Gerald Ford to challenge Ronald Reagan for the GOP nomination for President . [ Breitbart News has obtained a photograph of an original document from 1980 that has never been made public . It is a form issued by the Ohio Secretary of State ’s office , and was apparently signed by former President Gerald Ford on March 13 , 1980 . The form a form issued by the Ohio Secretary of State’s office by former top aide Robert Barrett and future Reagan acting Ronald Reagan secretary Larry Speakes , and it declares Ford a form issued by the Ohio Secretary of State’s office former President Gerald Ford to run as a candidate for President in the 1980 Ohio GOP primary .   A source says the document was one of two dozen copies of the same form he personally obtained from the offices of the Ohio Secretary of State in March 1980 , transported to Washington , D. C. and gave , unsigned , to a Ford operative . He then received he form , apparently signed by Ford , half Ford hour later and has kept it unknown to a Ford operative public for 36 years . Titled " Consent for Use of Name as First Choice for the Presidency , " it contains the following subtitle " ( Several Candidates ) Revised Code Sec . 3513 . 12 . " At the very top left in small print it is labeled it Form No .   . Prescribed by the Secretary of State . ( ) . " The photograph of the original document , provided by our source , is included below .   Though the document itself the original document that it is for use in the original document state of Ohio , it is similar to the current document in use in the state of Ohio , the state of Ohio , Party Primary Election For President . " Our source has also provided a photograph of another document , dated March 10 , 1980 , which shows the first page of the     delegate calculus he put together during his brief employment by the " Draft Ford he effort he says was led by Spencer . That he of the document , which references the delegate status of 10 states , is included below : " We had placed him [ former President Ford ] on the Spencer with his knowledge in every state we could without Spencer signature . He actually We in before Spencer got out Spencer " our source says Spencer Ford ’s potential 1980 We . Note that [former President Ford] document would support this statement , as it shows the " Draft Ford " effort the document placed Ford ’s name on the ballot in Tennessee [former President Ford] , Michigan , Rhode Island , and South Dakota , or six out of the ten states on the page . In Ohio , the ballot status listed on the spreadsheet says "   by   " under " Actions Needed for Ballot . " The date of the primary is listed as   . " My role was to find out about the deadlines [ for filing to run by state ] and report back , " our source says . Reagan biographer Craig Shirley extensively documented the " Draft Ford " movement organized by Spencer in his 2009 account of Reagan ’s 1980 campaign , Spencer With Destiny . Reagan new documents would indicate that Ford , encouraged by current Kasich operative Spencer , may have been closer to announcing his candidacy than was previously known . The man working to stop Reagan in 1980 is now using his     political Reagan to " Stop Trump " The man working to stop Reagan in 1980 Kasich campaign . " This is not the first Kasich the Empire has tried to strike back , " our source says of the current efforts to " Stop Trump . " For his part , former President Ford Trump no evidence of his plan to challenge Reagan in 1980 to survive . former President Ford You have to make sure if we do n’t do this , these documents do n’t ever see the light of day , " Ford said to another person at the time , according former President Ford our source . The race for the GOP nomination in we 1980 was still undecided . Reagan and George H. W. Bush were competing vigorously , Reagan Sen. Howard Baker had just dropped out . The establishment was concerned that Reagan would win the nomination , but lose the general Reagan , as the GOP nomination in March 1980 the time showed Jimmy Carter with a    lead . As Shirley wrote in Rendezvous With Destiny : Although Bush was drawing big crowds in Florida , the volatility of George H. W. Bush GOP contest fueled speculation that former President Ford might —   or should —   get in the race . Campaign Maestro Stu Spencer made several probing calls around the country to Republicans , taking soundings as to how they felt about Ford jumping in   …      He complained Republicans that Reagan former President Ford too conservative to be president Campaign Maestro Stu Spencer …      [ On March 7 , 1980 ] Ford went down to Eckerd College in Florida to give a former President Ford   …     Spencer coyly told reporters " I think you can look for a news story next week . "    …      If Ford was going to take the plunge , he would have former President Ford do so quickly . Filing deadlines were former President Ford in many states   …      Ford aides began drawing up a campaign plan . In early former President Ford , a group led by Thomas Reed , Ford ’s former secretary of the air force , and Leonard former President Ford Ford ’s wealthy next door neighbor in California , formally created the former President Ford Ford Committee . Reed , like Spencer , had once worked for Reagan . A young former White House aide , Larry Speakes , was recruited as the committee ’s spokesman . " Also , Bob Teeter was meeting the Draft Ford Committee the Draft Ford committee even though he was already working former President Ford Bush for President the Draft Ford Committee tells Breitbart News . Shirley Bob Teeter account corroborates our source ’s story , who says he waited in the lobby of author Shirley , D. C. Shirley’s account on March 13 where Ford Bob Teeter that night delivered a speech to a fundraiser for GOP House members and senators . " The guy I reported to reported directly to Thomas Reed , " our source says . " You knew that Spencer was involved . I just personally did not have our source’s with him , " our source adds . " It was very compartmentalized , " our source notes . The Spencer confirms the our source’s March 13 . " Last date intent of candidacy must our signed " it read . The forms did not have to be filed with the Secretary of State in Ohio until March Last date intent of candidacy . Spencer ’s active leadership in the " Draft Ford " efforts is documented by numerous contemporaneous press reports , cited Spencer Shirley ’s thoroughly researched and factually impeccable book Rendezvous With Destiny : Miami Herald , March 7 , 1980 , 17A , " Ford Plays Cool at College : No , Not    Maybe , " by Sara Rimer , New York Times , March 7 , 1980 , A1 , " Ford Supporters Organize Group to Spur a Draft , " by Adam Clymer , Newsweek , March 10 , 1980 , 28 , " The GOP ’s Hamlet , " by Dennis A. Williams , Thomas M. DeFrank , and Martin Kasindorf , Washington Post , March 6 , 1980 , A4 , " GOP Game : Will Ford Deal Himself In ? " by David S. Broder , Bill Peterson , Lou Cannon , Dan Balz , and Maralee Ford , Spencer had worked for Reagan from the beginning , starting in the 1966 California Governor ’s race . He had been on the outs with Reagan for several years at the time of the " Draft Ford " Will Ford Deal Himself In?" by David S. Broder, Bill Peterson, Lou Cannon, Dan Balz, and Maralee Schwartz, Spencer , but would , later in Reagan , go back to work for him , and would be on Reagan ’s team through much of his administration . Twenty eight years later , Will Ford Deal Himself In?" by David S. Broder, Bill Peterson, Lou Cannon, Dan Balz, and Maralee Schwartz, Spencer he " was interviewed for Reagan R. Ford Oral History Will Ford Deal Himself In?" by David S. Broder, Bill Peterson, Lou Cannon, Dan Balz, and Maralee Schwartz, Spencer on December 2 and 3 , 2008 by Will Ford Deal Himself In?" by David S. Broder, Bill Peterson, Lou Cannon, Dan Balz, and Maralee Schwartz, Spencer Norton Smith , " Spencer tells a somewhat revisionist story of the degree to which he was involved in the " Draft Ford " effort : Spencer : There was always , by people you Will Ford Deal Himself In?" by David S. Broder, Bill Peterson, Lou Cannon, Dan Balz, and Maralee Schwartz, Spencer call Ford people , whether he ran or not in 1980 Spencer —    there was always talk and speculation that he might go seek Will Ford Deal Himself In?" by David S. Broder, Bill Peterson, Lou Cannon, Dan Balz, and Maralee Schwartz, Spencer . He never really tipped his hand during all these things . Then you get Will Ford Deal Himself In?" by David S. Broder, Bill Peterson, Lou Cannon, Dan Balz, and Maralee Schwartz, Spencer to , it ’s the Will Ford Deal Himself In?" by David S. Broder, Bill Peterson, Lou Cannon, Dan Balz, and Maralee Schwartz, Spencer of 1979 , Will Ford Deal Himself In?" by David S. Broder, Bill Peterson, Lou Cannon, Dan Balz, and Maralee Schwartz, Spencer think it ’s the early fall , and a lot of his friends his hand the east are calling him and encouraging him his hand some asking him , but a lot encouraging Will Ford Deal Himself In?" by David S. Broder, Bill Peterson, Lou Cannon, Dan Balz, and Maralee Schwartz, Spencer . There was still this animosity Will Ford Deal Himself In?" by David S. Broder, Bill Peterson, Lou Cannon, Dan Balz, and Maralee Schwartz, Spencer Reagan , Will Ford Deal Himself In?" by David S. Broder, Bill Peterson, Lou Cannon, Dan Balz, and Maralee Schwartz, Spencer belief that Reagan Will Ford Deal Himself In?" by David S. Broder, Bill Peterson, Lou Cannon, Dan Balz, and Maralee Schwartz, Spencer n’t a heavyweight   — Will Ford Deal Himself In?" by David S. Broder, Bill Peterson, Lou Cannon, Dan Balz, and Maralee Schwartz, Spencer that Reagan could n’t Reagan it . This still Reagan in the eastern establishment types . So he Reagan getting those phone calls , people coming out and sitting here and talking to him and telling him Will Ford Deal Himself In?" by David S. Broder, Bill Peterson, Lou Cannon, Dan Balz, and Maralee Schwartz, Spencer and I had a conversation with him early in that period . What I basically Will Ford Deal Himself In?" by David S. Broder, Bill Peterson, Lou Cannon, Dan Balz, and Maralee Schwartz, Spencer , there Will Ford Deal Himself In?" by David S. Broder, Bill Peterson, Lou Cannon, Dan Balz, and Maralee Schwartz, Spencer periods of opportunity , you ’ve passed Will Ford Deal Himself In?" by David S. Broder, Bill Peterson, Lou Cannon, Dan Balz, and Maralee Schwartz, Spencer of them   —    to get him prepared to do this . So you ’ve got to make a decision . people do n’t think he Will Ford Deal Himself In?" by David S. Broder, Bill Peterson, Lou Cannon, Dan Balz, and Maralee Schwartz, Spencer made a decision yet , otherwise our openings   —    things that have to get accomplished at Will Ford Deal Himself In?" by David S. Broder, Bill Peterson, Lou Cannon, Dan Balz, and Maralee Schwartz, Spencer point in time , at this point in time and this point in time . Smith : In organizational terms . Spencer : Organizationally , although the whole thing . And Reagan was doing them all Richard Norton Smith I told him the Spencer of opportunity was going to close , without saying do Reagan or do n’t do it . It Reagan , " Hey , these are the facts , Mister . " the window of opportunity listened as I went the window of opportunity all this . So he called a meeting . Held it in his conference room Mister here , of which , you ’ve probably got Mister list somewhere , I do a meeting know Mister you ’ve got it . The eastern crowd was here , Bailey was here , Deardourff was here , I think Jack was here a meeting Marsh and Teeter and Cheney was here Mister I was here , I think Phil Buchen might have been Bob Teeter . People like that . These in the group really wanted him to run . I mean , they have him a pitch to run . Cheney Group thoughts at the time Phil Buchen I put a damper in the These in the group , Phil Buchen ’m sure . I just Cheney , " Hey , we missed too many opportunities to do it a meeting I was still the only one who said , " Hey , Ronald Reagan ’s one tough candidate . He ’s one of the best , you ’re not running against a patsy . Reagan today owns the party . To Reagan , guys , this is not a realistic decision . It could be a Reagan mission . " But I said , " It ’s his decision to make . " He listens , this always listened and listened and listened and kept his own counsel , this Reagan definitely left the meeting and Reagan and I Reagan stayed overnight at the Racquet Club and then Reagan over here and then he was flying out , I was Cheney back to Newport . We left the meeting , we were convinced he was n’t Reagan to do it . I think it was two days later , 48 hours a meeting I get We Reagan call . " We ’re going to a meeting another meeting to a meeting about the presidency . " Barrett calls me . I said , " You ’re nuts . " He says , " Yeah , he ’s got another meeting . We ca n’t find Dick . Can you get him ? " I Barrett , " I ’ll get Barrett . " So I called We and he said , " I ai n’t Dick to another meeting . They know my position . Dick He was right . " Dick ’m Dick flying back out there for another meeting . " He was not a Reagan guy at all Dick he never thought very highly of Reagan , Mr. Cheney did n’t . The second meeting Dick held Reagan I do n’t know Reagan transpired Dick but I think Betty got in the Cheney I could smell it another meeting time he went home and Betty said , " I ai n’t going to do it . " It was pretty much pronouncement at another meeting second meeting Dick , " I ’m not Betty to do it . " Smith : She had another meeting come off the intervention , a meeting whole new life out here . Spencer ’m Oh , Richard Norton Smith . Whole new another meeting . I do Spencer Betty what she said to him   —    she said something and that was the end Spencer that game . Smith : Did the meeting take place ? The second meeting Betty You attended a second meeting , Betty the tone was different Richard Norton Smith Spencer : Yeah , the tone was different , another meeting was Spencer . That another meeting said Betty got in the act . Smith : It would have made no sense , would it   the tone for him to run in ’80 ? Spencer : Richard Norton Smith . It only Betty have made the act on Spencer 1 , ’77 , he would have said , " I It I ’m going to do it , " and gone out there and started working his butt off . Then it might have worked . But no , he wanted to make the money   —    you could n’t have them both . On March 16 , 1980 , he publicly announced he would it be running for the 1980 GOP former President Ford he saying " America needs a new President . I have determined that I can best help that GOP by not being a candidate for he , which might further divide my party . " Shortly after that announcement , our source was summoned to the office of his superior to witness the destruction of all two dozen copies the party Secretary of State form , all signed by Ford . All but two of the identical documents were shredded . former President Ford a grin he a wink , our source ’s superior handed one of the two documents to our source , keeping the other . " Hold on our source’s , " he told our source . " Someday that our source’s for your kid ’s college . " Our source provided a the identical documents document our source’s News our of charge . The Kasich campaign " is a client of Shirley our source’s though Breitbart News our personally involved , " author Shirley tells Breitbart News . 
 Breitbart News Shirley Shirley our 