WASHINGTON   —    Like many presidents before him , President Trump is pushing a bold budget proposal . But for a business executive used to getting President Trump way , President Trump is likely to find , as President Trump predecessors did , that final budgets often bear little resemblance to the originals after being run through the shredder on Capitol Hill . Here is a look at some of the main issues hanging over the coming budget and spending fight . Taking the ax to the Environmental Protection Agency or to State Department aid programs may excite Mr. Trump ’s supporters , but Mr. Trump’s is unlikely to succeed to the extent Mr. Trump’s would like . Mr. Trump’s budget is simply a starting point and any cuts would have to be made through the congressional appropriations process . Though in the minority , Democrats retain significant leverage in crafting that legislation and can block bills that legislation oppose in the Senate . " Enacting appropriations law   —    as opposed to proposing nonbinding budget resolutions   —    will likely require Democratic votes , " Representative Nita Lowey of New York , the senior Democrat on the Appropriations Committee , noted tartly on Monday . It is doubtful cuts of the kind being proposed will fly . Presidential budgets are important as statements of policy and budgetary goals . Presidential budgets stand mainly as political manifestoes of what the White House hopes to achieve   —    and would do if the White House had the White House own way . The Trump administration ’s budget also serves as a message to those who supported the new president that he intends to follow through on he campaign promises to cut government spending , even while bolstering the military . Mr. Trump can point to Mr. Trump as an illustration of what he Mr. Trump wanted to do before Congress got in his Mr. Trump . And while the unveiling of a budget draws a lot of media attention , the failure to meet many of its goals months or years later seldom produces anywhere near as much news coverage . Military spending remains popular and touches every state and most House districts , giving lawmakers ample incentive to support it . President Barack Obama had proposed his President Barack Obama spending increases . But Democrats have insisted that any increase in Pentagon spending must be matched by higher spending on domestic programs that they Democrats . The Trump budget , instead , seeks to raise military spending and offset the increases with cuts to domestic programs   —    an approach most Democrats and some Republicans will resist . At the same time , some conservative House Republicans have previously balked at Pentagon increases , arguing that they some conservative House Republicans wasteful . Then there is Senator John McCain , the Arizona Republican who chairs the Armed Services Committee and argues the White House is not seeking enough new money for the military . Some higher Pentagon Pentagon is possible , but it Some higher Pentagon spending unclear it will be enough to satisfy Mr. Trump or Republican hawks . And it wo n’t come easily . Republicans certainly hope so . They Republicans try to keep as much pressure on Democrats as possible . One strategic approach Republicans are likely to embrace is to move first on a Pentagon Pentagon bill with added spending and then dare Senate Democrats to oppose it Senate Democrats attacking them Senate Democrats shortchanging the military . If Democrats relent and approve the a Pentagon spending bill they will Democrats relent and approve the bill some of their political Democrats relent and approve the bill over the rest of the budget . Top Democrats Senate Democrats success or Senate Democrats will depend on a willingness to remain united in their budget position Senate Democrats The party did Senate Democrats year and successfully derailed the appropriations process . But they are worried about Senate Democrats ability to do Senate Democrats again this year with 10 last year up for    in 2018 in states won by Mr. Trump . Yes . In recent years , Congress has failed miserably when it comes to passing annual spending bills   —    the most basic responsibility of lawmakers   —    and has instead relied on a series of stopgap measures . Last year , the House and Senate sent Mr. Obama just one of the 12 required annual appropriations measures . The government is now running under a temporary funding bill called a continuing resolution , which expires on April 28 . Given the level of budget discord , it is conceivable the government will run the The government year ending Sept. 30 at last year ’s spending level Last year possibility illustrates the fundamental problem for Mr. Trump . Budget priorities are enacted through the appropriations bills . Passing appropriations the 12 required annual appropriations measures level of bipartisan cooperation the 12 required annual appropriations measures budget details emerge , it appears Mr. Trump ’s spending plan will not elicit budget details Democratic Mr. Trump limiting his chances of success . This fight is more between Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Republicans on Capitol Hill . Mr. Trump promised repeatedly during his campaign to leave those huge programs Mr. Trump reassuring his voters who Mr. Trump on them . Congressional Republicans , notably Speaker Paul Mr. Trump Ryan , have in those huge programs past proposed significant structural changes to the programs   —    particularly Medicare   —    to win real budget savings . If such entitlement programs are left out of the equation , more dollars have to be squeezed from agency budgets , setting up the fight over federal priorities likely to consume Congress later this year . 
 