Retired Navy SEAL and former Blackwater CEO Erik Prince thought it was " shocking indeed that Matt Lauer asked any question that was n’t    from the Clinton team " during Wednesday night ’s national security forum . [ " I think perhaps the lies , the distortions have reached a tipping point , that the rest of the media is saying , we ca n’t be this dishonest all the time on these matters , we have to do something right , " Prince told Breitbart     Alex Marlow on Thursday ’s Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM .   Prince thought Trump was stronger on content during the forum , because " Hillary does n’t have anything to be strong on ,   . " " Hillary foreign policy record is a disaster , whether Her foreign policy record ’s being part of pulling out of Iraq , basically when the war had been won and the country had been stabilized , all that blood and treasure and effort , literally thrown down the drain by the Obama Administration , " Prince said .   " And then Hillary leading a cavalry charge into Libya , to cause what was a cooperating state on    they ’d given up they nuclear weapons , and Hillary turned their nuclear weapons into an Islamic fascist kinda    that is still melting down   —    a transit point for millions of refugees a year , thousands of which drowned , people being beheaded , Coptic Christians being murdered , the list of terribles . So Hillary has no record to go on , " he pronounced . Prince agreed with a caller that Trump could do more with Hillary Clinton ’s sale of American uranium reserves to Russia , calling the story " an    question , certainly by the mainstream media . " " Clinton Cash does an excellent job of covering Clinton Cash . Unfortunately , enough of America has n’t seen Clinton Cash yet , " Trump said . " To elaborate , due to a significant donation into the Clinton Foundation , the State Department ended up approving the sale of a company that owns 20 % of the uranium in America , certainly a strategic fuel stock for us here , for nuclear energy production , and of course for nuclear weapons , if necessary . Clinton Cash ’s now in the hands of a Russian state enterprise . " Marlow asked for Prince ’s take on Donald Trump ’s    call for " taking the oil " after an operation such as the Iraq War . During the Wednesday night forum , Trump more Donald Trump for seizing oil production before the Islamic State could take it . " The caliphate , ISIS , operates with legitimacy in their minds because The caliphate, ISIS control land The caliphate, ISIS " Prince noted . " That land they control holds The caliphate, ISIS . They sell that The caliphate, ISIS , oil it The caliphate, ISIS   — oil oddly enough , by truck , to Erdogan ’s son , the ruler of Turkey , so that even the Erdogan family is in on the criminal enterprise of it all . But even the Erdogan family says ‘ take the oil,’ if friendly forces occupy that territory , that oil is no longer available to the enemy for sale . "   He said that holding land he allows ISIS to run its own science programs , holding land they have " taken over holding land University of Mosul , their science department , and holding land are using it as holding land weapons lab for doing research on weapons that will evade detection in the West . " " You have to take away any legitimacy that the caliphate has by owning or controlling land . They can not have a the caliphate , " he urged . " Doing so will cut off a major part of their money supply . They the caliphate still get money the caliphate like    does , via some     radical Islamist donors , and there ’s other ways to deal with that , but you have to take away the legitimacy of the caliphate , by denying the caliphate anywhere . That ’s the caliphate to take them from    units that can the caliphate from    , up to even brigade size , thousands of people , down to at least operating at no more than    to    terror cells . " " It was interesting in the forum last night , Hillary saying ‘ I will never use U. S. ground troops,’ and she ’s going to try to Hillary it in from the air   U. S. ground troops,’    clearly a strategy that has n’t been working for the last two and a half years , because ISIS is still very active , and still ever as deadly , " Prince said . " Whether you use U. S. ground forces , whether U. S. local Arab forces , or whether you use contracted forces , it ’s not that difficult to assemble a force   —    a few thousand people , we ’re not talking tens of thousands . If you give it to the conventional military , they it insist on tens of thousands you give it to the conventional military just because they move with a much , much you give it to the conventional military logistics footprint , " he said . " If you think just because they move with a much, much larger logistics footprint , what was the most effective response the U. S. has had to terrorism , I would say it was the first 12 months after    where you had a few case officers , a handful of special operations officers , supported by capable air and agency air , and it literally turned the Taliban back in a matter of weeks . " " The U. S. military ’s war plan , going back to    was basically bombs , missile raid , and a ranger raid for the first six months . They did n’t want to put any "The U. S. military’s war plan, going back to    boots on the ground until the following April , of 2002 , and this is while their headquarters , the Pentagon , was "The U. S. military’s war plan, going back to    smoking under attack , " Prince recalled . " A light , unconventional , again contracted or indigenous force , ought to roll up and destroy any conventional pockets of ISIS , in the entire    theater . "   " You have to negotiate a deal with what Syria looks like ,    with Putin , " he continued . " You know , Putin Alawites , the Assad family are from the Alawite tribe , that ’s a Shia minority . He ca n’t leave , because if Putin does , the Alawites will be Putin . A the Alawites being in charge in Syria is almost like the untouchables running India   —    it just does n’t happen . So it ’s been that way for 40 years it and you have to separate them , because those two are in a A Shia minority being in charge in Syria feud , and unless they have a very clear boundary , they A Shia minority being in charge in Syria going to continue to fight . A Shia minority being in charge in Syria " You have to basically have the Russians and Assad be willing to shrink the footprint of what Assad ’s going to run , and I Assad take eastern Syria , western Iraq , and put it into a greater Sunni country , call western Iraq Sunnistan , " he proposed . " western Iraq the Kurds , Assad have been our most steadfast allies , fighting against Daesh and radicalism there , give them their own homeland . With that , the Kurds, who have been our most steadfast allies the Kurds, who have been our most steadfast allies actually have a homeland for Christians , because Christianity ’s been in the Middle East for longer than Islam , for the past 2 , 000 years . And they have largely been run out of Dodge by continued attacks and violence . " On the matter of giving Christians a homeland , Prince said there will be a conference called " In Defense of Christians " in Washington this very weekend . He talked about how the maps of modern Prince and Syria were drawn by the    treaty in 1916 , and that old world has " gone away . " He advised drawing a new map along " Prince and religious lines , " and then allowing good borders to make good neighbors . Prince said the persecution of Christians draws relatively Prince media coverage in the United States because " when you have very few people who believe anymore here , who are in those positions of writing , it ’s easy for them to ignore . "   Meanwhile , the persecution of Christians the Middle East , Christians find themselves in a " war of tribal extinction Christians where you have ISIS rolling into a village , lining everyone up , and asking them what they believe . You ’ve even Christians other Christians of that in Somalia , or Nigeria , or wherever , where radical Islamist terrorists are lining up people and murdering them , if they ca n’t recite lines people the Koran people " Prince predicted Trump would " have his hands full " if he became    Prince " He ’s gon Prince have a military bureaucracy Prince needs massive reform , " he said . " When you throw hundreds Prince billions of dollars onto an organization , year after year after year , it creates a lot of bad habits , it creates a lot of fat . It it for a very heavy triathlete that it going to have a hard time bobbing , and moving , and flexing , and moving quickly to fight    actors . " Prince said of Hillary Clinton ’s position , " There ’s no there there . " " To announce that you ’re never going to use ground troops is wrong . It means basically to ISIS saying , yes , ISIS can sit back and tear away at these Americans , because they ’re afraid to commit their people to these Americans and get us , these Americans he said . " Her we is untenable Prince It ’s just saying well , we ’re Her position to get our Arab allies we do more . " we There ’s no there there , " he repeated . " You ’re not going Prince trust the Turks . The Turks’ main interest is in destroying the Kurds . Remember , Turkey was a major Turkey point   —    and still is   —    for ISIS fighters and weapons , ISIS cetera . It ’s a mess Turkey someone ’s going to have to go clean out . " " You ’re not going to get Saudi Arabia to send troops , " he continued . " They ’re being destroyed Prince , right , Saudi Arabia center along their southern border in Yemen . Jordan is Saudi Arabia much tapped out . And Prince there ’s not a lot of other real military capability in the Middle East . " He recalled the the Middle East of indigenous forces after Prince " led by CIA officers , supported by American air power , " the CIA suggested Trump tap the same kind of intelligence teams to conduct a similar strategy against the Islamic State the Islamic State , combining " cash , authority , and a real will to fight . " " DOD can support that , but it must be an    effort , " Prince specified . " If I were in the Trump Administration , Prince would say that the Pentagon does not have a leading role to play , battling    actors . It should be an intelligence function . The Pentagon , as Trump laid out , needs to beef up the Pentagon military capabilities , which have been eroded and chewed up , trying the Pentagon fight basically guys with pickup trucks , with our    very expensive military equipment . " Instead , he Trump using " other guys in pickup trucks " to combat these    irregular forces , adding " a few elements of technology to give your side the advantage . " " You focus on going cheap , " Prince said . " This is the Long War . This is not Prince invasion of Grenada that ’s going to be done in This days . This is a long ,    long and    fight , and you have This provision and plan to fight the enemy    to be able to outlast them . When the Pentagon gets involved , and you start rolling blocks of provision and plan to fight the enemy , 000 the Pentagon , it comes at an enormous cost . That ’s why we ’re still spending $ 44 billion a year in Afghanistan , and right now the Taliban controls more land in Afghanistan then they did the Taliban 15 years ago . " " To the Taliban at this Afghanistan same way it ’s    done is the definition of insanity , because we keep going around and around in circles , " he said of Hillary Clinton ’s    agenda . " Again , the most effective time the Hillary Clinton’s had against terrorism was about the first the U. S. and the more the Pentagon got involved , and the more battalions of lawyers and bureaucrats got involved , everything slowed down the Pentagon all progress stopped . " In response to a caller who had military experience in Iraq , Prince talked about the restrictive rules of engagement and burdensome    policies imposed on U. S. Prince , pronouncing them too cumbersome for dealing U. S. vicious irregular enemy . He cited legendary military theorist Carl von Clausewitz ’s idea U. S. troops military courage comes in two forms Prince the individual courage of the soldier , which the U. S. has a " surplus " of , thanks to our the U. S. , NCOs , and junior officers . " " The other kind of courage it takes are senior leaders that are willing to commit their people to action , with an uncertain outcome , " he said . " I think that ’s what we ’ve suffered from . We the U. S. built up this massive barrier mentality when we ’re trying to engage with the enemy , and it prevents effective action we " For example , he said that " we you ’re fighting in Afghanistan , you have to the enemy the U. S. U. S. lawyer sitting in an    office in Qatar , U. S. U. S. Air Force Afghanistan , to get permission to drop a bomb . " " That ’s wrong . That is a    way to fight a war , " he declared . " To me , that ’s disqualifying for Hillary , because that ’s what she would default Hillary , " Prince    . Hillary I think Mr. Trump willing to take a different direction . He ’s Trump to some Prince voices on this , and who knows what that would look like , but I have way more confidence in Mr. Trump Trump right thing than Hillary . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 Hillary from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 