Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz is being accused of lifting a line from 1995 ’s The American President while defending The American President while defending his wife Heidi following a Twitter bout with frontrunner Donald Trump wife Heidi following a Twitter bout with frontrunner Donald Trump . [ Responding to frontrunner Donald Trump ’s warning to Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz to " be careful " after an    super PAC used a photo of frontrunner Donald Trump wife Malania posing nude for GQ in 2000 in an ad in Utah , the Texas Senator initially responded by calling Trump frontrunner Donald Trump " coward . "   Trump frontrunner Donald Trump on Twitter on Tuesday : " Lyin’ Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G. Q. shoot in his Lyin’ Ted Cruz . Be careful , Lyin’ Ted , or I will spill the beans on your wife ! " Lyin’ Lyin’ Ted Cruz used a picture of Melania from a G. Q. shoot in his ad his ad careful , Lyin’ Ted , Lyin’ Ted will spill the beans on the beans !   your wife Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 23 , 2016 ,   Cruz later Ted Cruz : " Pic of your wife not from us your wife , if you try to attack Heidi , you ’re more of a coward than I thought . # classless . " Pic of your wife not from us . your wife if you try us attack Donald , you you try to attack Heidi than I thought Heidi # classless https :   .    —    Ted Cruz Ted Cruz ) March 23 , 2016 , Cruz then told Ted Cruz Wednesday morning , " If Donald wants to get into a character fight Donald he ’s better off sticking with me , Donald Heidi is way out of Donald league . " The New York Heidi Donald is accusing Cruz of borrowing Ted Cruz line from the Michael Douglas film The American President without giving it attribution . In the film , Douglas , who plays American The New York Daily News Andrew Shepherd , the Michael Douglas film The American President Bob Rumson ( Richard Dreyfuss ) to leave Annette Bening ’s character , Sydney Ellen Wade , out of a political dispute . " You want a character debate , Bob ? You better stick with me , ’cause Sydney Ellen Wade is Sen. Bob Rumson (Richard Dreyfuss) out of your league , Sen. Bob Rumson (Richard Dreyfuss) Douglas says Sydney Ellen Wade . Ted Cruz literally lifted a line from The American President pic . twitter .    —    Lachlan Markay ( @lachlan ) March 23 , 2016 ,   Heidi Cruz , who is at the center of the controversy , was reluctant to answer questions about the Trump tweet on Wednesday . " You know , as I said , you probably know by now that most of the things that Donald Trump says have no basis in reality , " Heidi Cruz told reporters in Trump according to Politico . " So we are not worried in the least , we are focused on our campaign , and we are going to continue to do that we " The Melania we Facebook ad that we the feud was produced by the super PAC Make America Awesome , which according to CNN has no official connection to Cruz ’s campaign . 
 Heidi Cruz Heidi Cruz 