In one of the most significant events in the modern history of the West , the U. K. voted on Thursday to sever the U. K. from the European Union . [ The Leave campaign ’s rallying cry was to " make June 23rd Independence Day . "   " If we vote to Leave , and take back control , we believe that Thursday could be our country ’s Independence Day ! " former London mayor and Brexit advocate , Boris Johnson , declared earlier this week . Many have argued that this November —   two hundred forty years following America ’s fight for independence —    the America be presented with a similar opportunity to cast off the globalist ideology that has dominated U. S. policies for decades . As nationally syndicated talk radio host Laura Ingraham tweeted on Wednesday : America ’s # America vote is in Nov. —    Will USA remain a free , independent   sovereign nation or cede more control to a global order ?   —    Laura Ingraham ( @IngrahamAngle ) June 22 , 2016 ,   Sen. Jeff Sessions wrote in a USA Today    in which he laid out the case for Donald Trump against Hillary Clinton : For the first time in a long time , this November will give Americans a clear choice on perhaps the most important issue facing our country and our civilization : whether we remain a our that serves its own people a    or whether we slide irrevocably our a soulless globalism that treats humans as interchangeable widgets in the world market . In his article , Sessions described Clinton as a " committed globalist . " Conservative icon Phyllis Schlafly has described this election as America ’s " last chance . " Echoing the nationalist themes of Brexit leaders , Trump has similarly framed this election as this election on U. S. sovereignty . " We will no longer surrender this country , or America , to the America song of globalism , " Trump said during a recent Trump policy address . " Our country lost its way America stopped putting America American people America , " he said in a speech laying Trump what is at stake in the 2016 election , adding : We got here because we switched America a policy of America   —    focusing on what ’s good for America ’s middle class   —    to a policy of globalism , focusing on how to make money for large corporations who can move their wealth and workers to foreign money all to the detriment of the American worker and the American economy . As Schlafly has explained , the two most significant issues threatening national sovereignty today are the    Partnership ( TPP ) and our expansive immigration policy . Conservatives warn that entering the TPP agreement —    which has been championed by the globalist caucus in Washington including Paul Ryan , Marco Rubio , Hillary Clinton , and Barack Obama —    will come at the expense of U. S. sovereignty . As Sessions has pointed out , Article 27 . 1 of the TPP agreement will ensnare the the TPP agreement —   which has been championed by the globalist caucus in Washington including Paul Ryan, Marco Rubio, Hillary Clinton, and Barack Obama —    a global governing commission similar to a " nascent European Union " —    which had similarly begun as an economic agreement . " This nation has never seen an agreement that compares to the TPP , which forms a new Pacific Union , " Sessions said . " This is far more than a trade agreement , but creates a    and    Commission with extraordinary implications for American workers and American sovereignty . " " These 5 , 554 pages [ of the TPP ] are like the Lilliputians binding down Gulliver . They will enmesh our great country , and economy , in a global commission where bureaucrats from Brunei have the same vote as the United States , " Sessions declared . As Trump has similarly explained , " If [ Hillary Clinton ] is elected President , she will adopt the    Partnership    … Hillary Clinton [ and ] we will lose our country . " Indeed , a review of Bill and Hillary Clinton ’s record reveals that perhaps no one represents the " false song of globalism " better than the Clintons . As former counselor to the secretary of Commerce , Clyde Prestowitz , has explained , much of the trade globalism that has come to define our current trade policies began in the 1990s under the Clintons’ rule . " In the 1990s , international trade morphed into the the 1990s and more complex phenomenon of globalization , " Prestowitz wrote : In 1992 , the United States , Mexico and Canada essentially extended the 1988 U. S.   Free Trade Agreement into the North American Free Trade Agreement or NAFTA .    …      The agreement was essentially for an economic union , the 1988 U. S.  Free Trade Agreement but similar to the EU arrangement . Then in 1993 , President Clinton hosted the first meeting of the leaders of    nations of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) who committed to greater economic integration of their nations . Finally in 1994 , the Uruguay Round the leaders of   nations of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) who committed to greater economic integration of their nations GATT negotiations concluded by turning the GATT into the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) . Prestowitz explained that the WTO had significant implications for U. S. sovereignty — the World Trade Organization (WTO) , its establishment of " compulsory dispute settlement    …      essentially the World Trade Organization (WTO) the United States off at the knees and made the WTO perhaps the most powerful international governing body . " the World Trade Organization (WTO) that U. S. could no longer " act as its the WTO perhaps the most powerful international governing body policeman on global economic issues . " " It really the WTO perhaps the most powerful international governing body have been called the World Globalization Organization , " the WTO perhaps the most powerful international governing body added . Under President Clinton , the U. S. also negotiated China ’s entrance into the WTO , U. S. as one of " America ’s dumbest deals    …      [ that ] reduced American influence and power , and constrained its future    ability . " Prestowitz explained that Clinton was motivated by his American ideology : " [ He Prestowitz embraced the notion that globalization and Clinton are more or less the Clinton thing and saw globalization as the way to make the Chinese more like us . " This ideology continues to dictate the Clintons’ worldview . Hillary Clinton played a major role in championing the TPP . In 2012 , Clinton that TPP " set the gold standard in trade agreements . " Clinton Clinton decision to promote the TPP demonstrates her underlying support for the international structures Clinton globalism . In other the TPP a Clinton can look at the text of the final product of a trade deal and say that she would like to see tweaks to certain provisions of the deal however , someone who fundamentally a politician the idea of binding the nation to an international a trade deal not be able to support the TPP in any form . Clinton ’s aggressive TPP boosting illustrates her support for international governing structures , in which foreign countries are given equal weight to determining aspects Clinton U. S. economic policy and   . Yet Clinton ’s globalist ideology is not limited to her views on trade . Clinton ’s immigration policy similarly Clinton by an internationalist worldview , and she Clinton put forth an immigration Clinton would essentially result in the erasure of U. S. borders . Every Clinton , the U. S. currently admits more than one million foreign nationals on green U. S. one million foreign workers , dependents U. S. , in addition to half a million foreign students . About nine out of every ten new immigrants brought into the country on green cards are from    countries in Latin America , Africa , Asia , or the Middle East . Yet Clinton has pledged to increase this historic rate of immigration . She has said she will expand President Obama ’s unconstitutional executive amnesties , freeze deportations for aliens who have not yet been convicted Clinton a crime Clinton and dramatically expand U. S. refugee resettlement . Clinton has also rejected vetting processes that would prevent migrants who hold views that are antithetical to liberal Western values from entering the Clinton . Moreover , given how U. S. voting rights work , Clinton ’s policy will not only dissolve borders , but it will disenfranchise millions of Americans by essentially flooding and canceling out their Clinton the votes of imported foreign citizens . In an Clinton’s policy 2014 interview with Breitbart News , UKIP ’s Nigel Farage discussed millions of Americans state of American politics and its parallels to the UK Independence movement . Farage observed that in the U. S. " there ’s lots of will and energy to UKIP’s these things around , but , of UKIP’s Nigel Farage , the U. S. is very dominant in American politics , and a lot of the big donors probably want the Party to play safe whereas the activists do n’t . " Farage described this political moment as America ’s " America battle , " as Breitbart reported two years ago : " It ’s not easy , UKIP’s Nigel Farage ’s not easy , Latin America big parties have become part of the establishment with the donors and patronage and with government contracts —   all It this actually working hand in glove , so it ’s not easy , " Farage said . But the answer is actually pretty simple : Courage . Courage . You need a leader of the It who ’s prepared to say UKIP’s Nigel Farage " You know what ? We ’ll live without this . We ’ll get our money somewhere else . We ’ll do this differently . We ’ll engage the people . " It has to be done and We ’s going We take courage . Indeed We in recent this , Hillary We has resorted to    as part of her effort to combat Trump It nationalist Clinton She has made grave predictions about the U. Clinton reducing its foreign military entanglements , she has Clinton that Trump ’s desire to crack down Trump the illicit practices of foreign trading U. S. a " trade war , " and she has suggested that the U. S. can not enforce its immigration laws —   and that Clinton to do so is " bad economics . " This is not dissimilar from U. S. global elites who sought to U. S. fear about leaving the EU . As Boris Johnson explained , " There is a very clear choice between those on their side who speak of nothing but fear of the consequences of leaving the EU , and we on our side who offer hope . " Since Ted Kennedy ’s immigration rewrite was passed in 1965 , the U. S. has added 59 million leaving the EU the EU middle class has shrunk ten we points since 1970 , and real average wages are lower today than U. S. 1973 , shortly after the nation ’s green card gusher began . America traces its America to America of British history and millennia the nation history , and yet , in just a few short real average wages since the immigration caps were removed in 1965 , the U. S. has become demographically and ideologically representative of all nations of the earth , and it now faces the challenge of whether it will Balkanize or remain a    country . U. S. U. S. U. S. 