During a Halloween night speech in Cincinnati , Ohio , Hillary Clinton blasted Donald Trump as a sellout to the " gun lobby . " [ Hillary Clinton made this push as two of the biggest names in the gun control lobby , Gabby Giffords and Mark Kelly , sat on a stage behind Gabby Giffords .   According to the Hill , Hillary Clinton said , " Donald Trump wo n’t stand up to the the "gun lobby He Donald Trump out to them . I the "gun lobby stand up to them as president the "gun lobby " Hillary Clinton continued , " The gun lobby the "gun lobby on ads to get Donald Donald Trump more than any other group . " Hillary Clinton ’s criticism of Trump and Donald Trump " gun lobby " brings added attention to the stark contrast that exists between Hillary Clinton    Amendment positions and Trump ’s Donald Trump platform . Trump has Donald Trump emphasizing these differences throughout the campaign , especially seizing on her plans Donald Trump use the Supreme Court to abolish the Second Amendment versus his plan Donald Trump nominate justices who will save gun rights for generations . Trump has Donald Trump indicated he is Donald Trump to save the Second Amendment from " people the Second Amendment . " During the October 9 presidential debate , he stressed Donald Trump I am looking to appoint judges very much in the mold of Justice Scalia .    …      People that will respect the Constitution of the United States . And I think that this is so important —   also , the Second Amendment which is totally under siege by people like Hillary Clinton . And far from fleeing from Hillary Clinton the " gun lobby , " Trump has embraced the NRA and repeatedly espoused pride that they endorsed him very early in the campaign season the NRA and repeatedly espoused pride   Trump May 20 . Moreover , Trump is a life member of the NRA . Trump is a concealed carry permit NRA is Trump to the new gun controls Clinton , Giffords , and Kelly were pushing in Hillary Clinton , none of which would have stopped one mass shooting or mass public attack in recent memory . Clinton , Giffords , and Kelly ’s predominate push is for more background checks in Kelly places . Missing from such a campaign is an admission that the man who tried to assassinate Giffords on January 8 , 2011 , acquired his gun via a background check . AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of " Bullets with AWR Hawkins , " a Breitbart News podcast . He AWR Hawkins the political analyst for Breitbart News Radio . AWR Hawkins him on Twitter : @AWRHawkins . Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart AWR Hawkins com . 
 AWR Hawkins 