The Kardashian sisters visited Planned Parenthood ’s headquarters in West Los Angeles Thursday to meet with officials of the abortion vendor about Planned Parenthood’s services and Planned Parenthood’s difficulties with the Trump administration , reports TMZ . [ So great to meet the amazing doctors and nurses @PPFA in Los Angeles .   Proud to # StandWithPP # PlannedParenthood ,   —    Khloé ( @khloekardashian ) May 12 , 2017 ,    Kim , Kourtney , and Khloe arrived at Planned Parenthood   —    arm in arm   —    reportedly to raise awareness about the services offered by the chain and to offer the services offered by the chain assistance . The sisters’ visit was taped for an as yet unscheduled episode of their show , Keeping Up with the Kardashians . President Donald Trump has promised to defund Planned Parenthood   and redirect its Planned Parenthood   funding to other community healthcare centers if the group continues to perform abortions . Planned Parenthood ’s president Cecile Richards , however , has said her Planned Parenthood’s " is proud to provide abortion . " Planned Planned Parenthood   proud to provide abortion —   a necessary service that ’s as vital to our mission as birth control or cancer screenings . https :   .    —    Cecile Richards ( @CecileRichards ) March 6 , 2017 ,   With continued threats of losing its taxpayer Planned Parenthood   , Planned Parenthood Planned Parenthood   attempting to give the appearance it is a Planned Parenthood   healthcare provider .    organization Live Action , however , has produced a video that utilizes the group ’s annual reports to show the actual decline in its healthcare services organization while abortions have increased .   " Over the last six years , Planned Parenthood ’s Planned Parenthood   dropped half a million clients , " the Live Action video reports . " And over the last 10 years reported , Planned Parenthood has shut down Planned Parenthood   facilities . " The video goes on to report a video that utilizes the group over the last 10 years , Planned Parenthood ’s annual breast exams Planned Parenthood   percent , and , currently , the group performs less than two percent of breast exams in the United States . Additionally , the group ’s annual Pap tests have decreased 77 the group Action continues , with a current market share of less than one percent of these procedures . Similarly , Planned Parenthood ’s annual cancer screenings have decreased Planned Parenthood   and the group currently performs less than two percent of U. S. cancer screenings the group . " However , Planned Parenthood ’s annual abortions have increased 27 percent , Planned Parenthood   Action , noting the group performs 34 . 9 percent of abortions in the nation Live Action the stark the group services other than abortions , Planned Parenthood ’s government funding has more than doubled , from $ Planned Parenthood   $ 553 million , with the group claiming taxpayer funding is not used to pay for abortions . " For years , Planned Parenthood the group Congress have touted services that are declining , virtually nonexistent Planned Parenthood   were never even offered at the abortion group to justify it receiving half a billion dollars from taxpayers every year , " Live Action president Lila the group Live Action ’s most the group video highlights how    politicians promote Planned Parenthood ’s    " healthcare services , " when such services are Live Action Planned Parenthood   declining .   A recent Marist poll found that 61 percent of Americans oppose taxpayer funding of abortion , including 40 percent of those who say they are " " and 41 percent of Democrats . In its last year reported , Planned Parenthood performed some 324 , 000 abortions . The organization has been referred for possible Planned Parenthood   by several congressional committees following allegations it sells Planned Parenthood   body parts of aborted babies for a profit . 
 Planned Parenthood   