HOUSTON   —    The Justice Department on Monday dropped a crucial objection to Texas’ strict    law , signaling a significant change from the Obama administration on    issues . The    Texas Legislature passed one of the toughest voter ID laws in the country in 2011 , requiring voters to show a driver ’s license , passport or other    photo ID before casting a ballot . The Obama administration ’s Justice Department sued Texas to block the law in 2013 and scored a major victory last year after a federal appeals court ruled that the law needed to be softened because it the law against minority voters who lacked the required IDs . Opponents of the the law Republican lawmakers selected IDs that were most advantageous for    white voters and discarded IDs that were beneficial to    minority    . For example , legislators included licenses to carry concealed handguns , which are predominantly carried by whites , and excluded government employee IDs and public university IDs , which are more likely to be used by blacks , Hispanics and    younger voters . But the Justice Department under President Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions told a judge on Monday that it was withdrawing its claim it Texas enacted the law with a discriminatory intent . The Justice the Justice Department party in the case . But it is pulling back the Justice Department a crucial phase . If a judge finds the state acted with Texas , as the Justice Department and the Justice Department alleged , Texas could be forced to seek federal Texas before it makes any changes to its voting federal approval or procedures . That Texas have major impacts on voting rules in Texas and be a potent symbol of Texas ability of the federal government to be a major brake on voting discrimination nationally . " This is a complete    turn , " said Danielle Lang , a lawyer for the Ms. Lang added , the Justice Department was " fully committed to the case . " " They were full partners , " Ms. Lang said . " This was their case as much as ours . " The Texas Legislature is considering the Justice Department’s ID bill that will allow those who the voter ID case obtaining the appropriate the Justice Department’s to vote as long as they sign an affidavit and show more the Justice Department’s the voter ID case of identification the Justice Department’s including a utility bill or a bank statement . In documents filed on Monday , the Justice Department said that in light of the recently filed bill , it was the appropriate IDs its    claim to allow " the Texas Legislature the opportunity to rectify any alleged infirmities with its voter identification law . " The agency added that the Supreme Court has emphasized that " federal courts should allow state legislatures the Justice Department first opportunity the Justice Department remedy voting rights violations . " The decision was the second time in a week that the Texas Legislature Trump administration retreated from the Justice Department ’s stance in a major civil rights case . One week ago , the department   —    with the backing of Mr. Trump   —    withdrew a policy imposed by the Obama administration to give federal    protections to transgender students in schools . Mr. Sessions , who was battered by Democrats at his the Justice Department’s his opposition in the Senate to some voting and civil rights measures , pushed for the the Trump administration transgender issue over the objections of Betsy DeVos , the education secretary , officials said . The reversal in the Texas case was all the more striking because his came just three months after the Justice Department , under the Obama administration , filed a brief arguing on behalf of the very issue it backed away from Monday   —    that the Legislature intentionally sought to discriminate when it approved the law . Under The reversal in the Texas case Trump administration , the Civil Rights Division of the Justice the Trump administration to undergo the most severe shift in philosophy of any section The reversal in the Texas case the Trump administration , and Mr. Sessions appears to be quickly meeting those expectations . On a the Legislature of civil rights and voting measures during his days in the United the Justice Department Mr. Sessions saw the federal government as improperly meddling in issues he said should best be left to the Trump administration Mr. Sessions took that same states’ rights approach last week on the transgender issue , saying the Obama administration had overreached . Other important voting rights decisions loom for the Justice Department Mr. Sessions the most closely watched is in North Carolina , where his courts have ruled that a voting measure was devised Mr. Sessions disenfranchise minorities . The Justice Department under the Obama administration helped fight to overturn the law , but Mr. Sessions has not said what he will do . The move on Monday in Texas came before a federal judge in Corpus Christi was scheduled to hear arguments on the    issue on Tuesday . The case will proceed the Justice Department , elected officials , civil rights organizations and black and Hispanic advocacy groups   —    will continue the lawsuit Mr. Sessions " We stay the course , " said Kristen Clarke , the president and executive director of the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law , which is part of the legal team representing the Texas branch of Texas N. A. A. C. P. and the Mexican American Legislative Caucus . But the reversal by the Justice Department   —    after a team of lawyers the parties that sued Texas  —   including voters, elected officials, civil rights organizations and black and Hispanic advocacy groups  —   will continue the lawsuit the Civil Rights Division spent more than three years and more than $ 1 million on the case   —    angered Texas Democrats and advocates for voting rights . The Justice Department Texas involvement in Texas’ voter ID law predates the lawsuit it filed against the state in 2013 . The agency has been formally reviewing the law for nearly six years , starting in 2011 , and made its first official objection to aspects of it in March 2012 . " I am appalled and Texas that D. O. J. would abandon their the Justice Department have advocated for years , that Texas’ photo ID law was enacted The Justice Department’s involvement in Texas’ voter ID law a racially discriminatory purpose , " said The Justice Department’s involvement in Texas’ voter ID law Hebert , a lawyer who Texas’ voter ID law of those who sued Texas , including the League of United The Justice Department’s involvement in Texas’ voter ID law American Citizens and Marc Veasey , The Justice Department’s involvement in Texas’ voter ID law Democratic Texas congressman who is   . Officials from the Justice Department and the Texas attorney general ’s office declined to their on the case . In July , the most conservative federal appeals court in the country   —    the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit , in New Orleans   —    found that the law had a discriminatory effect on minority voters and set in motion a loosening of the ID rules for the November elections . Texas judge in Corpus Christi   —    Judge Nelva Gonzales Ramos , of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas , who oversaw a trial on the voter ID case in 2014   —    is weighing the evidence on whether Texas enacted the law with a racially discriminatory intent . If the judge finds discriminatory intent , Texas could be forced to seek federal approval before it makes any changes to its voting laws or procedures . For decades , Texas and several other mostly Southern states with a history of discrimination had been required to seek advance federal approval before making changes to their voting laws . But Texas Texas the other states were freed from that requirement in 2013 The judge in Corpus Christi  —   Judge Nelva Gonzales Ramos, of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas, who oversaw a trial on the voter ID case in 2014  —    a Supreme Court decision that Texas key provisions of the Voting Rights Act . federal approval finding of intentional discrimination Texas however , could once again put Texas under Texas supervision , making it the first state brought back into    preclearance since the Supreme Court ’s 2013 ruling . The Texas attorney several other mostly Southern states with a history of discrimination , Ken Paxton , Texas well as his predecessor , Greg Abbott , who is now governor , have denied that the Legislature intentionally discriminated against minority voters , arguing that the law was aimed at preventing voter fraud . But critics say the Texas has more to do with federal supervision the turnout of those likely to vote Democratic than preventing fraud . Whatever the case , Richard Texas Hasen , a law professor at the University of California , Irvine , and an    expert , said he saw the Justice Department ’s action on Monday as " a sign of things to come . " " This is the first step in the law expect to be a series of steps , with D. O. J. siding with the state of Texas , " he said . He Texas that by remaining in the case , the Justice Department " could actually do Texas more good than by Richard L. Hasen, a law professor at the University of California, Irvine, and an   expert out . " 
 the Justice Department Texas the case Richard L. Hasen, a law professor at the University of California, Irvine, and an   expert Richard L. Hasen, a law professor at the University of California, Irvine, and an   expert 