Sunday on ABC ’s " This Week , " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump rival Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) is a " total liar " for saying Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump healthcare proposal is the same as Obamacare .   Host George Stephanopoulos asked , " Ted Cruz is saying a vote for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is a vote for Obamacare . saying in the last few months , you ’re for single payer    health insurance   …     On that Obamacare Obamacare , right there , he Ted Cruz saying , because you want the government to pay for everyone to have health care , that just like Obamacare Obamacare " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said , " Look , Ted Ted Cruz a total liar . I ’m so against ObamaCare . Obamacare ’ve been saying it for two years . I ’m going the repeal and replace ObamaCare . Obamacare do n’t know where he gets Ted Cruz . He did Ted Cruz put down on his financial Ted Cruz forms that he borrowed Ted Cruz from banks at    loans . Lower than you or anybody can get . He ’s Ted Cruz favorable deals from the banks on Wall Street . He never Ted Cruz it down . Ted is a liar . This is why nobody likes him . Ted is why he does Ted Cruz have one endorsement from one senator . Not one . He works Ted Cruz them . one endorsement from one senator does Ted Cruz have one endorsement . " Stephanopoulos asked , " Any senators endorsed you yet?’ Trump shot back , " They will Any senators very soon    …      We have tremendous endorsements , Jerry Falwell Jr. just endorsed me . Every candidate goes through Liberty University . That ’s problem one of the reasons I went so high with evangelicals . Sheriff Joe from Arizona , the toughest guy on the border , the toughest there is on the border the border me . I have great endorsements . Many more are coming . " Stephanopoulos said , " You say Ted Cruz is a liar . You have said you want everyone to be covered on health care and the government will pay for it . How health care that not ObamaCare ? " Trump said , " That ’s true . I want people taken care of . I have a heart . I want people taken care of . If people have no money , we have to help them . That people n’t mean single payer . It means we have to we people . If somebody has no money and they ’re lying in the middle of the street and dying   …     " Stephanopoulos interjected , " How do you do it ? " Trump said " We ’ll work with the hospitals , doctors , we ’ve got We do something . You ca n’t have a small percentage of our economy have We protection so they end up they from what you could have a simple procedure or a pill . You ca n’t do that . I ’ll work something out . That does n’t mean single payer . Maybe he ’s got Trump heart . If I lose an election , that ’s fine . Because frankly , we have to take care of the people in our country . We ca n’t let them die on the side walks of New York or Iowa or anywhere else . so   —    but that ’s not single payer . As far as Obamacare is concerned . One of the staples of my speech , you can ask my supporters , it ’s repeal and replace ObamaCare . The Obamacare are going up , 25 percent , 30 percent , 40 percent . It ’s an The premiums . It will probably The premiums on its own unless The premiums Republicans renew it by ’17 The premiums A whole staple of my campaign is getting rid of ObamaCare and replacing Obamacare . " A whole staple of my campaign Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 