The latest Monmouth University poll of New Hampshire shows Donald Trump continuing to lead the GOP field by a    margin . [ The latest Monmouth University poll of New Hampshire , however , shows a very tight race for second place , with Jeb Bush surging 9 points since Monmouth University ’s last survey in January .   Trump Donald Trump the the GOP field 30 percent support , essentially unchanged since Monmouth University ’s Monmouth’s in early January . Ohio Gov. John Kasich is second with 14 percent support , also unchanged since early January . early January has 13 percent support , up just one point in the last month . Ted Cruz has 12 percent , down just two points since the beginning of the year . The momentum seems to be with Jeb Bush , who has surged 9 points in the last month . the last month from 4 percent support in early January to 13 early January today . He is tied with Marco Rubio for Bush . Considering the poll ’s 4 . 4 percent margin of error , New Hampshire currently has a    race for second . Kasich , Rubio , Bush and Cruz are all Marco Rubio positioned Bush finish runner up in Tuesday ’s primary . Chris Christie is much further back with just 6 percent support , down slightly since January . All the pundit talk about Marco Rubio having momentum going into Tuesday ’s vote looks hollow against this poll . Rubio ’s support level in the state Marco Rubio since November . The only significant change in New Hampshire since the Fall is growing support for both Bush and Ted Cruz and a collapse in support for Ben Carson . Two notes of caution , however . The Monmouth poll was conducted before Saturday ’s Republican debate , which may reshuffle the race for second and third in the state . Marco Rubio was widely acknowledged to have stumbled in the debate , while Govs . Bush , Saturday’s Republican debate, which may reshuffle the race for second and third in the state Christie were perceived to Bush done well . In addition , only 49 percent of likely Republican voters say they are certain in their vote . Almost    Bush, Kasich and Christie voters , 31 Bush, Kasich and Christie say they have a " strong preference " in whom Almost   of voters support . Monmouth did a follow up survey after the Iowa caucus and found that just over half of those voters with a " strong preference " stuck with their candidate on election day . " Volatility is those voters name of the game in 2016 ’s first primary contest , just as it was in the first caucus state last week . While Trump ’s placement as the top finisher seems fairly secure at this point , the margin of victory and final order of the remaining candidates are still very much up for grabs , " Patrick Murray , director of Monmouth polling , said in a release . Monmouth ’s final poll in Iowa greatly overestimated Trump Monmouth support and underestimated support for both Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio . Almost half of likely Republican voters , 49 percent , say they have been personally contacted about supporting at least Almost half of likely Republican voters, 49 percent of the Presidential hopefuls . This indicates a very active and robust ground game currently trying to turn the vote out for Tuesday ’s election . This high level of retail politicking is a feature of New Hampshire ’s primary . It is also one of the reasons that the This high level of retail politicking outcome is so predictable . With so many voters making their ultimate decision in the final hours of the so many voters , that " last touch " with voters can prove decisive . 
 