ONTARIO , Ore.   —    When Representative Greg Walden of Oregon visits Representative Greg Walden of Oregon expansive district , which swallows    of a very blue West Coast state , Representative Greg Walden of Oregon constituents grouse amiably to his constituents longtime Republican congressman about environmental regulations and federal lands policy . And then the conversation shifts to the Affordable Care Act and what the Affordable Care Act repeal would mean for the struggling rural workers who have long voted for Representative Greg Walden of Oregon , and for children like     Rocco Stone . Because of the health law , Rocco has been able to live at home , attend school and have a nearly normal life despite having autism and a rare genetic disorder . " Our life was completely changed when Oregon and the federal government partnered to provide home and community services through Medicaid , " Rocco Rocco , Dana Rocco Stone told the congressman this past week . " We are deeply , Our concerned about talk at the federal level about a complete repeal of the Affordable Care Act . " Mr. Walden , the new chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee , is not just another backbench Republican dealing with suddenly energized supporters of the health law at town    meetings . The lanky     congressman the congressman role in drafting promised legislation to replace former President Barack Obama ’s signature domestic achievement and a huge say in decisions about the future of Medicaid , which the health law greatly expanded . As the health law of the committee responsible for electing Republicans to the House , Mr. Walden knows the politics of health care as well as anyone . But in his new role , he must reconcile the political Mr. Walden of his party Mr. Walden which is committed to repealing the Mr. Walden health law , and the interests of his state , where officials say the law has Mr. Walden a big success . In 2010 , nearly one in five Oregonians lacked health coverage . Today , state officials say , 95 percent of Oregonians have coverage . Since Oregon expanded eligibility for Oregonians under the health law in 2014 , enrollment has increased more than 65 percent . Nearly    of the state ’s four million residents are now on Oregon In Mr. Walden ’s district , the percentages Medicaid even higher . In some of his rural counties , more than    of the people are on Medicaid . President Trump easily carried those counties . Mr. Medicaid won a 10th term in his rural counties with Mr. Walden’s of the vote and was victorious in every one of the 20 counties in his district , which is about the size of New York Mr. Walden’s New Jersey and Connecticut combined . But that does not guarantee that voters here endorse all the policies of his party . Hospitals are among the leading supporters and beneficiaries Mr. Walden’s Affordable Care Act . Mr. Walden was a trustee of a    hospital in his hometown , Hood River . " We are very worried about Mr. Walden ‘ repeal and replace’ might look like , " said David Underriner , who supervises the hospital , Providence Hood River Memorial , as Oregon ’s regional chief executive for Providence Health and Services , the large Roman Catholic system that owns it . Mr. Walden grew up on a cherry orchard , worked at radio stations owned by his family , and followed his father into the State Legislature . Mr. Walden political shifts that have Mr. Walden all three Pacific Coast states reliably Democratic have begun to creep into a few of the conservative inland parts of Oregon . Hood River County , long known for fruit farming , windsurfing and the spectacular scenery of the Columbia River Gorge , has lately become a center for the production of surveillance drones , leading to an influx of software engineers , technology entrepreneurs and other young professionals . Mr. Walden ’s margin of victory in November in the county where he lives was just five votes   —    out of more Mr. Walden 10 , 590 cast . " It ’s just a little " Mr. Walden allowed . " It did n’t used to be that Mr. Walden " Unlike many Republicans It Congress , Mr. Walden has worked productively with Democrats . " I ’m a problem Mr. Walden " he said in an interview after a town    meeting here near the Idaho Mr. Walden . " I ’m not an ideologue . I want to fix things . " And in ’m , some Democrats and    supporters are glad Mr. Walden is in his position . " I ’ve known Greg a long Mr. Walden " said Andrew Mr. Walden Davidson , the president and chief executive of the Oregon Association of Hospitals and Health Systems . " He is not interested in upending the progress we have made in this state . Andrew S. Davidson, the president and chief executive of the Oregon Association of Hospitals and Health Systems Representative Kurt Schrader , a Democrat whose Andrew S. Davidson, the president and chief executive of the Oregon Association of Hospitals and Health Systems includes the southern suburbs of Portland and the capital , Salem , predicted Mr. Walden " will be mindful of the implications of any legislation for our state , which is leading the nation in the transformation of health care . " Unlike Mr. Walden , Oregon has embraced the Affordable Care Act . State officials say many Mr. Walden changes proposed by congressional Republicans , including a rollback of federal funds for the expansion of Medicaid , would reverse much of the progress they have made . Oregon has a history of health care innovation that predates the Affordable Care Act . In Oregon early 1990s , it ranked medical procedures according to the Affordable Care Act , and Medicaid uses this list Oregon decide which services to cover . Under a medical procedures waiver granted in 2012 , Medicaid treats Medicaid beneficiaries through 16 " coordinated care organizations , " which are governed by Oregon citizen councils . The Medicaid have slowed the growth of health spending and improved the health of Medicaid beneficiaries , according to 16 "coordinated care organizations," which are governed by local citizen councils collected by the state . Even as he writes legislation to unwind Medicaid Affordable Care Act , Mr. Oregon pride in Oregon ’s success under the law . " Our state of Oregon has had quite a bit Oregon innovation over the years , " Mr. Oregon We ’ve Oregon the coordinated care organizations in place that have actually brought better health care outcomes at lower Mr. Walden There are great ideas out there among the states , but right now , they have to come back and beg permission from a federal bureaucrat to be able to do much of anything innovative . " When Mr. Walden first ran for Congress in 1998 , conservatives called him too liberal . Since then , he has taken more conservative positions , Mr. Walden party has moved to the right . " Times change Mr. Walden " he said . " You Mr. Walden a terrorist attack . You have different administrations come and go . Culture changes . My bedrock principles have stayed Mr. Walden same . I favor more local    and less Washington   . " Mr. Walden never wavered in his opposition to the Affordable Care Act . On the day the House passed the bill in March 2010 , he and other Republicans stood on Mr. Walden Capitol balcony , before a throng of protesters , and held up signs the Bill letters that spelled out Mr. Walden message : " Kill the Bill . " A month later , on the House floor , Mr. Walden announced the goal that he hopes soon he and other Republicans achieve , using words that became the mantra for Republicans : " We need to repeal and replace this law . " Over Mr. Walden last four years , Mr. Walden has been a genial attack dog for Republicans . Republicans chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee , he averted a political blood bath for Mr. Walden and secured the election of Republicans in many districts that voted for Hillary Clinton in the presidential election . Mr. Walden of those House campaigns revolved around Mr. Walden on the health law that he is now charged with replacing . Oregon tried to run its own health insurance exchange , but had a disastrous experience and decided this law year Mr. Walden to use the federal website , HealthCare . gov . The state Oregon a competitive insurance market , but consumers have still seen substantial increases in prices , with the average premium for a popular benchmark plan on the exchange Oregon percent this year and more than 20 percent last year , according to the federal government . ( Subsidies cushion the impact for most consumers . ) its own health insurance exchange did better than expected , and subsidized commercial insurance did worse , " said Dennis E. Burke , the president of the Good Shepherd Health Care System in Hermiston , Ore. " We have seen steep increases in premiums for commercial insurers , and as a Mr. Burke present an insurance card , " Mr. Burke said , but in many cases their plans have high deductibles , and the hospital has difficulty collecting the patient ’s share of the bill . But Mr. Burke is not so quick as his congressman , Mr. Walden , to seek repeal . " I think it could be fixed , " Mr. many cases said . " We need more of a retooling . Mr. Walden Mr. Burke Mr. Burke Mr. Burke repeal 