Speaking with host and Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon on Breitbart News Daily , Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos discussed the suppression of conservative voices by Twitter on the social media platform . [ " Why are you beating up Twitter , and why are you saying that Twitter trying to suppress conservative voices , and why is Twitter stock in a total free fall because Milo ’s taking them Twitter trying to suppress conservative voices ? " Bannon asked . " Are you a bigger , badder guy than Jack Dorsey ? "   " Yeah , of course I am , " Yiannopoulos replied mischievously . " I ’m absolute convinced that Twitter Twitter embarking on a war against conservative points of view , a war against what we might call ‘ Generation Trump,’ the dissident , mischievous voices of the new    alternative right wing and libertarian youth . " " Look at who Twitter Twitter , " he this guy in reference to Twitter possibly influencing the 2016 presidential election . " You know , this guy used to work with Hillary , this this guy to work with Obama   …     " " This is why Obama ran Obama   tables with Google and with Facebook , " Bannon agreed . " Let ’s talk about Facebook for Facebook second . Why is Facebook suppressing Facebook in the continent of Europe about immigration . Why is Zuckerberg in bed with Merkel ? " Referring to the story of Facebook teaming Facebook with the German government to censor debate over the influx of Middle Eastern migrants , Yiannopoulos said , " This is what the left does all over the world . They ’ll take ridicule and criticism and they ’ll They it as abuse and harrassment or hate speech in some way . " " This mergence of technology and thought control , it ’s it , " Bannon said . " Are you fighting a rearguard action , or can we have victory in this ? " Noting that Twitter is failing and " in its death Twitter , " Yiannopoulos stated that Facebook is " more of a problem " and " the one we should really be worried about . " " Why is Facebook more Facebook a problem ? " Bannon asked Bannon " Because the company Facebook doing so badly , " Yiannopoulos replied Yiannopoulos " Twitter ’s influence is waning . We found out this week its monthly active users are going down . The stock price is tanking , partly as a result of their spat with me , I think . I do n’t worry too much about them . " their I do worry about Facebook . I Facebook about Facebook because it Facebook not Facebook Facebook we ’re Facebook about , they also own Facebook , and they also own Facebook , " he explained . WhatsApp This company owns WhatsApp on which young people are messaging one another , and it has shown itself WhatsApp be untrustworthy WhatsApp it comes to free WhatsApp . " Noah Dulis is the Deputy Managing Editor of Breitbart News and    of Breitbart Tech . Follow him on Twitter @Marshal_Dov Noah Dulis 
 