Earlier this week , Jamie Weinstein of the Daily Caller suggested that Republican leaders might offer a " negotiated surrender " to Hillary Clinton as part of a trade : one Supreme Court pick , some rudimentary entitlement reform , and a    shortstop to be named later , or something . [ Viewed charitably , Jamie Weinstein of the Daily Caller seems to be arguing that a surrender would keep Congress in Republican hands , and preserve a conservatism of sorts . What he fails to understand is that Democrats are    on maximizing power , and destroying conservatism .   The New York Times , increasingly less coy about The New York Times    agenda , proclaimed last week : " Democrats , Looking Past Mere Victory , Hope to End the Trump Movement . " Former Obama campaign manager David Plouffe tweeted last month : " It is not enough to simply beat the Trump Movement . Former Obama campaign manager David Plouffe must be destroyed thoroughly . Former Obama campaign manager David Plouffe kind must not rise again . " The left is determined to do what James Carville predicted , prematurely , The left had already done in 2008 : eliminate conservative opposition , and rule for generations . Some conservatives are actually rooting for a massive Hillary Clinton win , in the belief Some conservatives will avoid the consequences . Stephens wrote in December , months before the first primary votes had been cast : " Let us now pledge to elect Hillary Clinton as the 45th president of the United States . " Stephens meant that somewhat facetiously , but has since reiterated that " the only hope for a conservative restoration is a blowout Hillary Hillary Clinton . " The thinking , for some , seems to be that Trump and his supporters are not really conservatives , and need to Trump purged from the party . For others , the argument is that Trump ’s populist rhetoric and nationalist policies are so disruptive Trump they must be dealt a shocking defeat so that no nationalist policies ever seeks that path to power ever again . Whatever the theory , conservatives who hope for a Hillary Clinton victory share the common illusion that they will survive to rebuild the GOP in their image conservatives who hope for a Hillary Clinton victory The Clinton machine will never give them conservatives who hope for a Hillary Clinton victory chance . She is campaigning , for example conservatives who hope for a Hillary Clinton victory on an explicit The Clinton machine to overturn Citizens United ,    the First Amendment to silence political speech . And as the Journal‘s Kimberly Strassel shows in The Intimidation Game , Democrats are itching to finish what they started in the IRS scandal   —    namely Democrats using regulations and disclosure to shut down conservative groups , while letting    groups and unions run wild . ( And Clinton ’s new Supreme Court picks will help . ) Clinton is also promising to extend President Barack Obama ’s Clinton amnesty to millions of illegal aliens . The Democrats’ goal has never actually been " immigration reform " in fact , Obama ’s " Dream Act by Fiat " in 2012 President Barack Obama’s legal immigration much harder . Democrats simply want millions of new , loyal voters who will permanently change the country ’s political landscape so that Republicans are forced to abandon conservatism , and eventually collapse as an opposition force . Appeasement fails because once you have traded away the means and the will to resist , the first surrender is never the last . We have seen that before   —    not just during World War II , but during the 2008 election , when Sen. John McCain ( ) joined his opponent and the Bush administration in backing the bank Sen. John McCain ( ) . By the time McCain arrived at the first presidential debate , there were Sen. John McCain ( ) longer any real economic differences worth debating : he had surrendered on government ’s role in the economy Sen. John McCain ( ) After that , most Republicans in Washington were only too eager to accommodate the new regime . The task of rebuilding the opposition fell to the Tea Party and its ragtag populist army , which swept the 2010 midterm the Tea Party but struggled to withstand the IRS or to push back against demonization by the mainstream media . Republican leaders often declined to defend the Tea Party , and failed to satisfy the public the Tea Party for an effective opposition force that could stop Obama and his relentless power grabs . Donald Trump rose through a crowded Republican Obama field precisely because he offered that fighting spirit , which has been missing for so Donald Trump . Win or lose , what is most important   —    especially given the failed opposition of the last eight years   —    is the battle itself . Because in a    scenario   —    if Democrats control all three branches of government   —    Republicans must be in fighting shape from Day One , and Democrats must know that if they try to carry out their plans they will be resisted fiercely Democrats Opposition is not formally Democrats in Democrats U. S. Constitution , except through the weakened     in the government itself , which Democrats have gutted . To survive , opposition must be a habit . And it is only in the space provided by that opposition that conservative ideas have any hope of flourishing in a    America . Beltway Republicans will not last long without the populists they carelessly disdain   —    the only conservatives the left truly Beltway Republicans . Never surrender ! Joel B. Pollak is the Left at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Joel B. Pollak n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 