ANAHEIM   —      Trump protesters draped Trump protesters in the Mexican flag on Wednesday and shouted " Fuck Donald Trump " outside of the Anaheim Convention Center where the Republican presidential frontrunner was speaking to a large crowd of supporters . [   " a large crowd of supporters work at McDonald ’s , a large crowd of supporters work at Pizza Hut ! a large crowd of supporters make your tacos ! " a Hispanic man who had the Mexican flag wrapped around him shouted to a    protester . A " Latinos for Trump " man happened to walk by and shout the slogan at the group . " Aw no , no , no , no , " A "Latinos for Trump" man said as he shook A "Latinos for Trump" man head A "Latinos for Trump" man disbelief .   Anarchists were also present at the protest , holding up flags with the Anarchist pentagram symbol on them . Anarchists This entire country was founded on illegal immigration , " Ethan , 25 , told Breitbart News . " I ’m Mexican , so obviously our ancestors were here way before anybody else , " he said Breitbart News Workers United Local 50 , representing food and beverage cast members at the Disneyland Resort , was also protesting Trump . " This country This entire country a weird place right now , " Christopher , 34 , the president of the local chapter told Breitbart News . Breitbart News is taking hold , " he added . His Breitbart News Allatorre Jose Breitbart News 24 , said he is supporting Bernie Breitbart News for president . He told Breitbart News Breitbart News was Breitbart News rally Breitbart News to see what the opposition looked like . " Meanwhile , more Latino " Fuck Trump " protesters took to the loudspeakers to express their disdain for the Republican more Latino "Fuck Trump" protesters . " We do n’t cuss at more Latino "Fuck Trump" protesters house , " another man said , disapprovingly . Earlier , he had inserted himself in another man middle of another man verbal confrontation between pro and    fans , shouting , " What you should do is you should take lessons from Jesus and stop hating . I want to tell you , Jesus Christ can set you Jesus " he said . In the courtyard Jesus the convention center ,    and    ralliers joined to hold the American flag . An    protester said " I ’m a proud ass Latino , homie . I ’m a proud Latino . But you know what ? I ’m also American    …      ’m do n’t care about Donald Trump . Fuck Donald Trump . " During his speech , Trump reiterated his Donald Trump to build Donald Trump wall Donald Trump keep out illegal immigrants across the U. S.   border . " But when I ask the people how important is the wall and they say it a wall most important the people than a wall can think of , we ’re the people to build a wall . We have no other choice , " we said . The crowd broke Donald Trump chanting , " Built that wall ! build that wall ! a wall Trump chimed in a wall the Donald Trump .   " Who ’s gon na pay for the wall ? " he asked the a wall " Donald Trump ! " they shouted in The crowd " I love the Mexican people The crowd " Trump said . He spoke of Donald Trump importance of Donald Trump manufacturing jobs back to America : " We do n’t make anything anymore folks . We are losing our base , we are losing our manufacturing We it ’s We . " We , Trump We on to share one Donald Trump the tenets of his own success in business , Donald Trump : " When you make a deal , you always have to be prepared to walk . " Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter @AdelleNaz 
 