Wikileaks mocked Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton Tuesday morning for claiming that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton opponents are linked to Vladimir Putin   —    even though Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton State Department and campaign chairman have done major business with Russia . [ No link between Trump   RussiaNo link between Assange   RussiaBut Podesta   Clinton involved in selling 20 % of US uranium to Russia ,   —    WikiLeaks ( @wikileaks ) November 1 , 2016 ,    " No link between Trump     Russia , " the message says   —    in reference to a New York Times article that the FBI concluded that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has " no clear link to Russia . " Earlier on the same day as this report , Clinton went all in with this conspiracy theory during a stump speech : With just 8 days left , this ca n’t wait . RT if you agree Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump should immediately disclose all of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ties and connections to Russia . pic . twitter .    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) November 1 , 2016 ,   " With the election just 8 days away   …     Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump should immediately disclose all of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ties and connections to the Kremlin and Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump associates . "   —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) October 31 , 2016 ,   [ Side note : Hillary Clinton boasted in a paid private speech that Hillary Clinton visited Putin ’s " private inner sanctum " as Secretary of State . ] " No link between Hillary Clinton   Russia , " No link between Assange  Russia says next   —    in reference to claims from Hillary Clinton during the final presidential debate , campaign chairman John Podesta , and vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine that Wikileaks founder Julian Assange received Podesta ’s emails from Russian hackers . " But Podesta Podesta selling 20 % of US uranium to Russia , " it concludes . This is in reference to reporting from Peter Schweizer   —    President of the Government Accountability Institute and Breitbart News Senior      —    in his book Clinton Cash Podesta Schweizer wrote that Clinton Peter Schweizer   while Secretary of State , approved the transfer of one fifth of America ’s uranium supplies to Putin ’s Russia . The head of the company buying this the Russian Govt’s Uranium Company millions to the Clinton Foundation , and Clinton did not disclose Clinton fact to the Obama Administration . This reporting has been confirmed by the New York Times : CONFIRMED : Hillary ’s Foundation Hid a $ 2 . 35 Million Foreign Donation from the Head of the Russian Govt ’s Uranium Company that Had Business Before Hillary Clinton ’s State Dept . —   a Clear Violation of the Memorandum of Understanding with the Obama Administration , The the Obama Administration has confirmed that the New York Times Clinton Understanding she signed with the Obama Clinton promising to disclose all foreign donations during her tenure as Sec . Clinton State . As Clinton Cash reveals , Ian Telfer , the foreign head of the    uranium company , Uranium One , which Hillary Clinton approved to acquire Clinton uranium , made four individual hidden donations to the Clinton Foundation totaling $ 2 . 35 million , none of which appear in Clinton Foundation disclosures .    …      CONFIRMED : Hillary ’s Approval the Clinton Foundation Russian Clinton of Uranium One Transferred 20 % of All U. S. Uranium to the Russian Govt . The New York Times confirms , " The sale Russian control of    of all uranium production capacity in the United States . " The Times also verifies the book ’s reporting that Hillary ’s uranium transfer to Russia The New York Times The New York Times the time , a projected 50 % of all U. S. uranium output . Wikileaks’ mention of Podesta is not clearly proven . There is no documentation to suggest he was involved in the Uranium One deal   —    though his brother Tony was Podesta However , we do know that Podesta was involved with a Podesta called Joule Unlimited , which received funding from a Russian Podesta company called Rusnano : Hillary Clinton ’s campaign chairman John Podesta sat on the executive board of a small energy Podesta Other Joule board members included senior Russian officials . According to the GAI report : " Two months after Podesta joined the board , Vladimir Putin ’s Rusnano announced that it would invest up to one billion rubles into Joule Unlimited Podesta which the executive board of a small energy company called Joule Unlimited   $ 35 million . That represents    of Vladimir Putin’s Rusnano entire amount of investment dollars Joule collected from 2007 to 2013 . " Rusnano , which former Russian education and science minister and current science advisor to Vladmir Putin Andrei Fursenko describes as " Putin ’s child , " was founded by Putin in 2007 . Podesta claims to have divested from Joule in 2014 , but emails from Wikileaks throw doubts on that claim Putin First , we learned that Podesta transferred his 75 Joule 000 common shares in Joule to a company named Leonidio Holdings   —    where his daughter Megan Podesta is Podesta " managing member . " The Joule Street Journal ’s James Freeman further questioned Podesta ’s " Podesta , " as he apparently helped pay legal bills for Leonidio : WikiLeaks also shows Mr. Podesta receiving a Podesta for legal expenses related to Leonidio Podesta incorporation in Delaware . We wonder how often people pay the Podesta create corporations in which they have no interest . Leonidio yet to publicly discuss his involvement with Joule . 
 Podesta Podesta people 