WASHINGTON , D. C.   —    Monday morning at 10:00 a. m. the Supreme Court is expected to release orders in the three final cases on the Supreme Court docket , ending the term without Justice Antonin Scalia and highlighting the electoral stakes for November . [ The three cases are :   Whole Woman ’s Health v. Hellerstedt , This challenge to HB2 is the first Supreme Court abortion case since 2007 . HB2 is a statute requiring abortion doctors to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of the abortion clinic , and also for every abortion facility to meet the equipment and sanitation standards of an ambulatory surgical center . Argued by Texas Solicitor General Scott Keller   —    a rising conservative star in the law   —    HB2 was designed HB2 meet the standard Justice Anthony Kennedy set forth in 1992 as the sort of abortion restriction that he is willing Anthony Kennedy sustain . ( Keller is also Texas Solicitor General Scott Keller   former law clerk of Kennedy ’s , Anthony Kennedy former general counsel to Senator Ted Cruz . ) Conservative hopes that Hellerstedt would become a major    victory were dashed with the death of the iconic Scalia now    hope they    salvage anything from the case . The U. S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit upheld this law , so in the event of a    tie , HB2 will survive , but without creating any national precedent . Unfortunately for abortion opponents , after Scalia ’s death , it is likely that the only way Hellerstedt could now be a major case would be if Kennedy votes with the four liberal justices to hold that HB2 imposes an HB2 undue burden " on women seeking an abortion , which would suggest that even modest abortion restrictions would face an uphill battle at the High Court . It is also possible that on Monday the Court will the High Court down any decision in Hellerstedt . If currently tied at    instead of ending the case , the justices could vacate the parties’ submission of the case , and the case reargued during the Court the parties’ submission of the case next the High Court begins in October ) after a ninth justice is confirmed to break the tie . Voisine v. United States , This is a    case , though one in which the Supreme Court refused to consider any argument over meaning of the Second Amendment . For many years , violent felons have been barred from owning guns . Since 1996 , federal law expanded that prohibition to bar a person who has been convicted of a misdemeanor    offense from gun ownership . The issue in Voisine is whether a crime in which the criminal was merely reckless   —    not willfully or knowingly committing a crime   —    is sufficient to trigger this federal ban . McDonnell v. United States , This is a challenge to the felony conviction under the Hobbs Act   —    which is the federal bribery statute   —    of former Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell ( R ) . The case was argued by Supreme Court heavyweight Noel Francisco , a partner at Jones Day who formerly clerked for Scalia . McDonnell was convicted for violating the Hobbs McDonnell , though it was acknowledged that he never used his gubernatorial power to McDonnell anyone giving McDonnell a gift . As Francisco ’s McDonnell brief explains , the question in McDonnell is whether " official acts " McDonnell by the Hobbs Act are " limited to the Hobbs Act power , threatening to exercise such power , or pressuring others to exercise such power . " McDonnell ’s conviction under the Hobbs Act McDonnell many legal experts because it the Hobbs Act broad view of federal power to criminalize McDonnell’s conviction under the Hobbs Act relationships and interactions   —    and possibly even completely innocent ones   —    when no quid pro quo was proven in which an officeholder used his power to reward his friends or benefactors . These cases an officeholder expected to highlight an officeholder stakes for the country in the 2016 presidential contest between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton . Breitbart News will report on these cases once decisions and orders are handed down at the These cases session , and will preview these cases on Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM Patriot channel 125 Monday These cases Listen to the discussion of this article on Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM : Ken Klukowski is legal editor for Breitbart Breitbart News Daily him on Twitter @kenklukowski . 
 Ken Klukowski 