Jordan ’s King Abdullah II told anchor Wolf Blitzer that while Jordan is accepting refugees and they refugees n’t be ignored , it was n’t " fair " to ask a foreign leader his King Abdullah II on GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump in an interview broadcast on Wednesday ’s " Situation Room " on CNN .   Abdullah Jordan asked , " What ’s your reaction to Donald GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump that there should be a temporary ban on Muslims coming into the United States , until the US can figure out what ’s going on ? " He Jordan , " Well , I think that ’s the same challenge that we ’re being pushed to at the moment , with the group that we ’re we about . We ’re we to those   —    you know , we ’ve we this comment given to us by we united states that you need to allow these refugees into the country . So , we ’re we back to the United States , where these comments have been made , saying , look , we understand we we are we to bring these people in , but we ’re we to make sure that the mechanisms that we put we place , make sure   —    it ’s never going to be foolproof , but we ’re we to try and make it as it as possible . You know , we ’re we 50 to 100 every day , from an area that we know we ’s a major danger . Obviously , it ’s those that are ill , the elderly , women and children . I know some people can be callous and say , well , let all the women in , but as you saw in California and we ’ve seen in Paris recently , women , unfortunately , have been part of terrorist organizations and terror strikes . But we ca we ignore , and just keep refugees isolated . So you ’ve just got to be smart , and you ’ve got to think with the heart . " After Blitzer followed up , asking Abdullah for his position Abdullah the temporary ban on all Muslims , not just refugees from a few countries , Abdullah stated Abdullah " you ’re into an election cycle , so I do n’t think it ’s fair for you to ask a foreign leader to express his opinion Abdullah candidates in your country running for election . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 