Scott Adams , the Dilbert     told Breitbart News in an interview Sunday evening that Donald Trump could still win the 2016 presidential race   —    but that if Donald Trump current approach persists , he Donald Trump lose . [ " His Donald Trump look like the actions of someone who is not trying to win at the moment , " Scott Adams said . " Meaning that it would be so easy for him Donald Trump win from this position , just by softening his Donald Trump , because people sort of want him Donald Trump . And he Donald Trump to know that , right ? "   " So either he Donald Trump to do it , because he Donald Trump wait ’til the end , the final month , and do it   —    or he Donald Trump more than we know , and there are some surprises coming . And it would be surprising if there were no surprises . " But it it also possible it it just a long race , and he Donald Trump himself Donald Trump in the polls , and he Donald Trump having a down week , maybe he Donald Trump not as confident . That would be the normal thing to feel in this situation . " But he Donald Trump also got to feel that he Donald Trump 70 years old , and doing that job for eight years is just going to be terrible , just terrible . " Adams has previously argued that both Trump and Hillary Clinton are too old for the job : " My personal bias is that I do n’t think any    old person ( Clinton Hillary Clinton Trump Trump should be president . You would n’t hire a       into any other type of job that requires high energy , mental flexibility , and a possible    of service , " he Adams recently . However , Adams told Breitbart News he Adams that Trump can still pull off a " landslide " victory in November . " I think he Adams invested in winning . And I think his Adams personality is likely to    which is ‘ win at all costs,’ and I think that whatever that takes is likely . " As evidence , he Adams to Trump Trump softening " of certain policies   —    such as shifting his Adams policy away from a temporary ban on Muslims to a ban on people from countries with links to terrorism . That shift , Adams said , is less important for its precise That shift , and more for its persuasive That shift in showing Trump is Trump as scary as the Clinton campaign suggests . " The election has come down to nothing but persuasion , " Adams said Adams referring to the art of using words to change people ’s behavior   —    an art Adams learned Adams his own an art Adams in hypnosis . It was that training in persuasion that led Adams to Adams , last August , that Trump would win the Republican primary and that he had Trump chance of winning the presidency . " A year ago , when I was saying that persuasion is the factor that predicts more than anything else , it was in a context where almost everybody was trying to use facts and policies and pretend , at least , that persuasion was a thing only Trump was doing , " Adams told Breitbart News . " But now , it ’s full persuasion , both sides . The Clinton side is n’t making the slightest attempt to be rational at this point . Because it does The Clinton side work at all . " He noted that the Clinton campaign has shifted away from discussing her experience Clinton her policies Clinton to stoking fear of Trump . And that approach , he said He is working for Clinton in Clinton general election   —    just as it worked for Trump in Trump primaries . " Clinton stopped Clinton about her boring Clinton , and details , and her experience Clinton and she went Clinton pure persuasion . She went Clinton the bigger scare . " The reason that Trump had Trump so well is he used Trump as his main Trump point . ‘ Hey , immigration will bring the terrorists in , ISIS is controlling the world , the economy is falling apart.’ Those are big fears . And that really helped . Because fear ’s a good persuasion . And that was more effective than what Clinton had , which was , ‘ I ’m experienced , steady hand , same as before , blah blah.’ At a time when people wanted change , those are the very worst messages : ‘ I ‘ give you more of the same . ’ " But then , he said , Clinton changed Clinton approach Clinton —    possibly because she hired Clinton persuasion expert , whom he calls he Godzilla . " " So what happened is she went Clinton the biggest fear . She said Clinton ‘ Yeah , Trump ’s telling you that terrorists will get in , blah blah , but you ’re kind of living with that already , you ’re a little bit used to that’   —    these are my own words , I ’m paraphrasing   —    ‘ But ‘ real thing to be afraid of is Trump himself Trump’s while a terrorist kill someone you probably do n’t know , Trump could destroy Trump’s whole world with his erratic personality Trump’s his    and Trump’s he ’ll blurt out.’ Trump’s So the Clinton persuasion game went from    which I reported    for months , to      almost instantly , as soon as Bernie Sanders dropped out . " Despite predicting a Trump win for months Trump’s Adams believes Clinton is now favored Clinton win   —    and he does not believe Adams the polls are " rigged " overall , even if some may be . ( A    poll released Sunday evening showed Trump down by 5 Trump’s a    race . ) However , he told Breitbart News Trump’s Trump can turn his Trump’s around   Trump’s    perhaps by focusing on corruption at the Clinton Foundation by    expectations at the first debate , which Adams believes he is almost certain Trump’s do or by giving a    speech to the nation . " If he were surprisingly empathetic Trump’s and surprisingly    and his policies suddenly did Trump’s sound so scary , he would be dealing Trump’s the biggest problem he has , which Trump’s he ’s literally scary Trump’s " There is also the possibility of surprises   —    such as revelations about Clinton ’s health , or new scoops from Wikileaks . Most surprises would favor Trump , Adams noted , because much of what might shock the public about Trump is already " Trump, Adams in " to the candidate . Adams has said previously Adams neither political candidate matches his own political preferences Adams though he has endorsed Clinton Adams his personal safety . Adams he started seeing himself Adams to Joseph Adams , merely for noting Trump ’s success , Trump, Adams someone might take Adams seriously . After all , he told Breitbart News , Adams media have been convinced that Trump is Hitler , such Trump, Adams it has become " morally Trump is Hitler " for journalists not to be biased against him . Not that the Adams is rational , Adams notes . In the controversy over Khizr Khan , he said , Trump ’s Adams about the Trump, Adams of Khan ’s wife onstage at the Democratic National Convention were not , by themselves , controversial . " Khan’s wife onstage at the Democratic National Convention thing he got attacked for is something that   —    I have to swear to make this point   —    there is n’t one fucking person in the world who disagreed with him . Not one fucking he disagreed with what he clearly said , which Not one fucking person , ‘ Why is n’t she talking?’ Because there ’s nobody in the United States that I ’ve ever met who does n’t believe that Islam has some questions to answer about gender . " That moment , he said , removed " Not one fucking person pretense the media had " about being unbiased . But in the long run , Adams said , it does not matter who wins . That is his consolation for Trump supporters Adams in the event of November disappointment : " No matter which one gets elected , it ’s not going to be that different . Because Congress is still Congress , and everything takes too long , and none of her ideas are probably totally practical , they ’re    ideas . none of her ideas Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See Joel B. Pollak Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 