Khizr Khan , the bereaved father of fallen soldier Capt . Humayun Khan who attacked Donald Trump last week in a speech at the Democratic National Convention , told CNN ’s Jim Acosta Sunday morning that terror has " nothing to do with Islam . " [ Here is Humayun Khan ’s full quote ( emphasis added ) :   In addition to this , there was in the speech that my good wife asked me to refrain from saying , I wanted to say we reject all violence . we are faithful , patriotic , undivided loyalty to this country . we reject all terrorism . my good wife asked me not to say that because that was not the occasion for such a statement . we say to his ignorance , I address his ignorance , that the dirt effect , the most effect of the menace of terrorism have been Muslims in the world , Muslims hate this menace of terrorism as much as any other place . It is we duty to keep this country , our country , beautiful country , safe . we have always thought of [ it ] that way , we will continue to do we part to keep it our part and beautiful . What he cites in the name of Islam , and all that   —    that is not Islam at all ! I wish he he have , somebody would have put something in his he that these are terrorists , these these criminals , these folks have nothing to do with Islam . Khan also asked Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan to " repudiate " Trump , calling it a " moral obligation " and warning that failing to do so would be a " burden on their Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan " that history would not forgive . In previous remarks , Trump Trump acknowledged the positive contributions of most Muslims , while focusing on the need to fight radical Islamic terror . In his Trump after the Islamic terror attack on a gay nightclub last month in Orlando , for example , Trump Trump : " We have Muslim communities in this country that are great , and we We to form that partnership . " Last Thursday , Khan caused a sensation at the convention when he Khan alongside his Khan , challenging Trump Trump ban on Muslim immigration , saying : " Have you even read the U. S. Constitution ?    …      You have sacrificed nothing and no one . " Khan made Khan mention of radical Islam , or terror . His claim Khan the Constitution the U. S. Constitution ’s ban on Muslim immigration has also been disputed . The media   —    which ignored , or disputed , a similar speech at the Republican National Convention , by Patricia Smith , who lost her son at Benghazi , followed up on Khan ’s speech by challenging Trump to respond Trump Trump answered by Trump why Khan ’s wife Khan said anything   —    an apparent reference to the subordinate status of women in Islam   —    and reiterated : " We ’ve had a lot of problems with radical Islamic terrorism , that ’s what I ’d say . " Trump ’s responses Trump further media outrage . In a clarifying statement Sunday , Trump said that " Trump Humayun Khan was a hero to our country , " adding : " The real problem here are the radical Islamic terrorists who killed him . " He said Khizr Khan Trump has no right to stand in front of millions of people and claim I have never read the Constitution ( which is false ) . " On Sunday morning , Trump followed up by Trump : Captain Khan , killed 12 Captain Humayun Khan , was a hero , but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our " leaders " to eradicate it !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 31 , 2016 ,   Trump has repeatedly criticized Trump Clinton and President Barack Obama for refusing to acknowledge the link between radical Islam and terror . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Joel B. Pollak : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Joel B. Pollak 