Breitbart News     and Breitbart California Editor Joel Pollak told attorney and    Indianapolis radio host Greg Garrison on Tuesday that accusations of antisemitism against activist David Horowitz and Breitbart itself were " ridiculous . " [ David Horowitz published an    at Breitbart itself on Sunday whose headline referred to commentator Bill Kristol as a " renegade Jew . "   Pollak told Greg Garrison that " people are acting as if David Horowitz ’s headline [ " Bill Kristol : Republican Spoiler , Renegade Jew " ] was antisemitic , which is just ridiculous . "   While Pollak said , " I do n’t agree with Horowitz’s " on all the article ’s particulars , he Horowitz’s : " What Horowitz Horowitz’s arguing is what conservatives have been arguing about Jewish leftists for a long time , which is that by supporting the policies they conservatives , they conservatives Israel . They conservatives America . And they conservatives therefore basically traitors to their conservatives community . " It ’s sort of an extreme way of putting it It but what Horowitz did was say Bill Kristol belongs in that category if he Horowitz Hillary Clinton instead of the Republican . " Pollak also added that he Pollak disagreed with the headline , but that it was not necessary or " fun " to agree with everything posted by the website . He Pollak that he Pollak would never question " Kristol Bill Kristol " patriotism or concern about the issues , " though he Pollak Kristol Bill Kristol attempts to recruit a    candidate were wrong and driven by pride . In addition , Pollak also said , " A lot of people did n’t bother to read the article . They A lot of people that the words ‘ renegade Jew’ were singling Kristol Bill Kristol as a renegade because he Bill Kristol a Jew , not because he Bill Kristol insufficiently concerned about the welfare of the Jewish people , which is the argument the the article making . If anything , the article the article far in the other direction . " " My personal beef with Donald Trump is that he should have Donald Trump a bottle of milk after he won Indiana Donald Trump " Pollak quipped , joking about the upcoming Indianapolis 500 race . The Garrison show that airs weekday mornings on 93 . 1 FM WIBC . The full interview can be heard below : 
 