The YouTube sensations known as Diamond and Silk excoriated the Black Lives Matter group in a video interview here at the Republican National Convention . [ " It ’s no longer a movement , " declared Diamond . " It ’s really a mess . "   " If your black life really matters , you would n’t march in the streets and be blocking traffic . Someone can run you over . Duh ! " Silk chimed in , stating , " In order for your black life to really matter you have to know that Breitbart . You ca n’t be looking for somebody else to take and verify that your life really matters . " The two    Democrat women shot to stardom earlier this year when The two   Democrat women expressed enthusiastic support for Donald Trump in a series of YouTube videos . The dynamic duo were speaking in an interview with this reporter that aired yesterday on Breitbart ’s live stream coverage from the RNC . Here is a partial transcript of The two   Democrat women remarks : DIAMOND : It ’s no longer a movement . It ’s really a mess . And my thing is here . You keep saying that you want equality . Well , come to the table and let ’s get that right there . You know , you ca n’t continue to march in the streets , pump your fists , and the same people that you are marching against is the same people that is getting killed to protect you . That is dying to protect you . So what I would say if I was to offer a solution to the Black Lives Matter movement . Let ’s come to the tables . the tables are not out there in the streets . Come on the outside and let ’s sit down and let ’s solve a common problem . SILK   —    In order for your black life to really matter you have to know that yourself . You ca n’t be looking for somebody else to take and verify that your life really matter . You have to know for yourself that yourself life your life really matter you value your own life , everyone else can value your own life . Stop segregating your own life black person from the process of being successful . That ’s what a lot of people need to stop doing . DIAMOND   —    If you do n’t come inside   …     . If your black life really matter , you would n’t march in the streets and be blocking traffic . Someone can run you over . Duh ! Listen , you ’ve got to care about your own self first . We know that we have problems on both sides . Let We solve the problem . That ’s all We ’ve got to say . Aaron Klein We Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . He is a New York Times bestselling author Aaron Klein hosts the popular weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Aaron Klein . 
 Aaron Klein 