After much anticipation and speculation , pop    Lady Gaga ’s Super Bowl LI halftime show performance was largely devoid of partisan politics   —    much to the chagrin of myriad liberal media and entertainment reporters . [ Journalists from some of the country ’s biggest news outlets raked the " Bad Romance " singer over the coals for failing to bash President Donald Trump ’s immigration and national security policies , specifically his controversial refugee moratorium .   Below is a roundup of some of the most disappointed reactions from a liberal media upset that Lady Gaga delivered a    Super Bowl performance clearly intended to entertain all Americans . 1 . Los Angeles Times : " Lady Gaga misses her Lady Gaga Bowl moment to say something profound " Los Los Angeles Times Mikael Wood scolded Gaga Lady Gaga failing to deliver " the kind of bold ,    performance for which Lady Lady Gaga known ( and loved ) . " " Instead , the     Lady Gaga a disappointing    medley that lacked any edge or tension yet also failed for the most part to deliver the kind of warm reassurance that [ Tony ] Bennett might ’ve mustered . " In the end , Wood says , Gaga ’s was a Lady Gaga tightly choreographed production that did little to acknowledge the outside world . " 2 . Variety : " Super Bowl Halftime Review : Lady Gaga Takes Safe Lady Gaga Hits   Spectacle " Variety TV critic Sonia Saraiya slammed Gaga for " steadfastly avoiding Lady Gaga a statement " during her " competent but disconnected performance . Sonia Saraiya While praising Gaga ’s set as " Lady Gaga breathtaking , " Saraiya says the show " was overall Sonia Saraiya little weak , it still felt like a missed opportunity the show to " voice the widely held frustration with the Trump administration in some form or another . " Saraiya adds : " Born This Way Sonia Saraiya " Gaga ’s anthem for gay Lady Gaga , has aged poorly   —    the song rhymes " chola descent " with " you ’re orient , " which is both ethnically and grammatically offensive , and includes the adjective " transgendered . " But even a problematic love letter to queer acceptance would have been worthwhile , at a Super Bowl Vice President Mike Pence was attending   …      if it had been the showstopping final number . 3 . The Washington Post : " Lady Gaga calls herself a Lady Gaga but at Lady Gaga Super Bowl she played it safe " WaPo Lady Gaga music critic Chris a rebel railed against Gaga for not " speaking out Lady Gaga and being too " restrained " during her Super Bowl LI halftime show Lady Gaga " She played it totally safe , Lady Gaga Richards wrote of her Super Bowl LI halftime show . " But for Chris Richards Lady Gaga who continues to sell herself as an instigator , Gaga Lady Gaga content being a mere Lady Gaga on Sunday night , putting in plenty of effort without taking any significant risks . Like any Gaga concert , her halftime show Lady Gaga a mood Lady Gaga bewildered    that aimed to impress more than surprise . " Gaga proclaimed to be " I Lady Gaga a rebel   …      I always want to be challenging the status quo , " during a cameo in a Tiffany   Co. Super Bowl ad . " It felt like a lie , " Richards wrote . " With a forceful elegance , Beyoncé had set a precedent for what could be done on this stage   —    musically and politically . By comparison , Gaga whiffed , " Richards wrote Lady Gaga praising last year ’s    Richards Bowl halftime show by the " Lemonade " singer . 4 . Billboard : " Lady Gaga Is a Legacy Artist Lady Gaga But What a Legacy : Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show Analysis " Billboard contributor Andrew Unterberger laments " if there was a disappointment to be had with Gaga ’s performance , it was n’t Lady Gaga show or the song selection    …      but with the fact that she did n’t attempt anything particularly outrageous . " Unterberber says it " does n’t count " that Gaga sang " Unterberber Bless America " and Lady Gaga This Land Is Your Land . " Those were n’t the stuff of his kind of a " legitimate political statement . " Gaga ’s performance for Unterberger ultimately " fell Lady Gaga absolutely unforgettable moment short , " and " its general spirit was sadly missing one such gonzo moment Unterberger ’ve gone a long way toward reminding people why the art was just as important to Mother Monster ’s early formula as the pop . " 5 . The Huffington Post : " Lady Gaga Gave A Subtle Nod To The LGBTQ Community During Her Super Bowl Performance " In an article predicated on Lady Gaga notion that middle ,    America is full of people who hate gays , HuffPo senior entertainment editor Stephanie Marcus struggles to find the    messaging in Lady Gaga ’s Super Bowl show . " It was n’t super political , but it was something , " Marcus writes . " In It end , Gaga did Stephanie Marcus actually make any blatant political statement ( Lady Gaga’s from her opening number ) but she did perform " Born Lady Gaga’s Way , " which Lady Gaga’s individuality and takes a specifically    stance with the lyrics , " No matter gay , straight , or bi    Lesbian , transgendered life    I ’m on the right track baby    I was born to survive , " Marcus explains .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : Stephanie Marcus 
 