A survivor of an Aug. 21 , 2013 Sarin gas attack on his village called " Moadhamiyeh " in West Damascus , Syria told Breitbart News his is grateful for President Donald Trump ’s strike against the Syrian military , which is a complete turnaround from President Barack Obama ’s puzzling acceptance of President Bashar Assad and President Barack Obama regime . [ " I want to tell President Donald Trump’s with all my heart : Mr. President , as a Syrian and as a chemical weapon survivor , I want to thank you for taking action against the dictator , who has been killing us for more than six years , " said Kassem Eid , who spoke to Breitbart News from his President Donald Trump’s in Germany .   Eid was the subject of a 2015 60 Minutes report by Scott Pelley . The chemical attack was delivered by missiles from Damascus , he Eid . " My heart stopped as I was helping people . I was in a coma . My body was placed next to a bunch of dead bodies , " he Eid . " Fortunately , my friends saw me move slightly and they my friends over a doctor , " he Eid . " They my friends me more Atropine and gave me CPR and washed my My body and over with water until I came back as conscious . " Before the chemical attack , the Syrian air force was bombing the town , he Eid . " Suddenly , I started to hear strange sounds , " he Eid . " They were my friends missiles coming from Damascus , " he Eid . " After two years of shelling and bombardment , you get to know which type of weapon you are getting hit with . This noise was a new and strange voice . The missiles the missiles coming from Damascus a low distance to the ground , like a small air jet flying off the ground . the ground seconds later the missiles hit the missiles coming from Damascus and they did the ground an explosion . " Everyone was expecting an explosion , so everyone was confused , he said . " I was looking from the window to see what was going on and I lost my ability to breathe , " Eid said . " I felt my chest set on fire . My eyes were burning . I had an unbearable feeling of pain all over my body and my stomach . I could n’t scream or do anything to alert my friends . I started beating my chest . That was my my chest to beat my chest as hard I can to my chest single breath , " he said . " Then , he neighbors started waking up screaming . Everyone was screaming . I went downstairs and went out and saw what I could only describe as Judgement Day , " he said . " There was he and terror , but not a single drop of blood . " Eid came to America after his village was attacked to tell Congress and Eid American people what was happening in his country . In 2014 , he quit Eid activism in the United States Eid focused Eid Europe . America , Eid and his neighbors were under constant barrage , in Eid to the one chemical weapon attack , he said . " I survived more than Eid years of life under siege and bombardment by the Assad regime , " he said . " We had to survive Eid eating rats for more than a year , because of the    siege —   the daily bombardment by tanks , planes , mortars . " Eid said people in his village were part of the original uprising against the regime in 2011 , before the emergence of the the Assad regime when the armed force protecting his village was not tied to a religious or cultural faction his village The local fighters were from our own town , most of the officers were defectors who refused commands to shoot at peaceful protesters , " he said . " They were students and teachers and some of his were even doctors The local fighters   normal people , who just wanted The local fighters defend themselves . " During the fighting , when the Syrian Army was The local fighters to invade the village , there were brutal crimes , such as rapes , his village alive , and gutting people with knives , he said . Assad ’s crimes were deliberate , so he could manufacture his refugee crisis that would force the Western governments to Assad with him , he said . " I think Obama made a terrible mistake Assad not Assad Assad and not making sure , 100 percent , that Assad delivered all Assad his chemical weapons , " he said . " Assad was very easy Assad Assad in a way Assad raised a lot Obama questions and a lot Assad —   I do n’t know —   doubts about the true intentions of leaving someone like Assad —   committing such horrible crimes —   unpunished , " he Assad . 
 Assad 