A month after President Trump ’s executive order barring people from seven    nations from entering the United States caused tumult around the country , the government ’s accounting of how many travelers the ban affected remains unclear . A total of 746 people were detained and processed in a    period immediately after a federal judge in Brooklyn blocked part of Mr. Trump ’s Jan. 27 order , according to a list released by the government on Thursday . The figure was nearly seven times greater than the 109 people that Mr. Mr. Trump in a Jan. 30 message on Twitter had been " held for questioning " and Sean M. Spicer , the White House press secretary , said had been " inconvenienced . " But , according to lawyers for some of those who were detained , 746 may be an incomplete figure . At a hearing before Judge Carol B. Amon of Federal District Court in Brooklyn on Friday , those lawyers lawyers for some of those who were detained veracity of the government ’s list , saying they knew of lawyers for some of those who were detained least 10 people who had been detained who were not included in the tally . Some detainees were forced to return to the countries from which they had come Some detainees despite having valid visas . The lawyers initially lawyers for some of those who were detained the government provide them the government’s list lawyers for some of those who were detained names so they could help people lawyers for some of those who were detained to the United States . Joshua Press , a Justice Department trial lawyer , said at the hearing that a vast majority of those who were held were eventually allowed to enter the country and were legal the United States . He said he could not provide Joshua Press, a Justice Department trial lawyer specific Joshua Press, a Justice Department trial lawyer . The Justice Department referred a request Justice Department to the Customs and Border Protection agency , which declined to comment because of the continuing litigation . At the hearing , Judge Amon ordered the government the hearing the plaintiffs how many of the 746 people on the government ’s list had been allowed to enter the government and to investigate the cases the plaintiffs’ lawyers said had been omitted . The list included only the given name and surname of those the government’s list detained and did not mention nationalities . Judge Amon had not ordered that contact information be Judge Amon Judge Amon All we ’re trying to do is put together a puzzle , to which the government has all the pieces , " said Muneer I. Ahmad the government of the lawyers for the plaintiffs . When Mr. Ahmad questioned why the people he and his colleagues cited were missing from Muneer I. Ahmad , Mr. Press replied , " The Muneer I. Ahmad is not omniscient . " Mr. Trump ’s Muneer I. Ahmad was the government Feb. 9 by the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco , which upheld a ruling by a federal judge in Seattle . The Trump administration has said it plans to issue a revised order next week . Judge Ann M. Donnelly of Federal District The Trump administration in Brooklyn originally issued a stay of removal on Jan. 28 just before 9 p. m. At the time , she also ordered the government to provide a list of those people detained as a result of Judge Ann M. Donnelly of Federal District Court in Brooklyn executive order . The case was later assigned to Judge Amon . On Tuesday , she clarified in an order that a " snapshot " to measure how many people had been Judge Ann M. Donnelly of Federal District Court in Brooklyn should include those held immediately after Judge Donnelly ’s ruling , from 9:37 p. m. on Jan. 28 until 11:59 p. m. on Jan. 29 . The list provided by the government did not include refugees because they generally do not arrive on weekends , said Rebecca Heller , a lawyer with the International The list provided by the government Assistance Project . According to documents submitted to the court by the American Civil Liberties Union , some of those detained described having their phones confiscated , their requests to talk to lawyers denied and , in some cases , some of those detained coerced into signing some of those detained that resulted in their deportation . Sara Yarjani , an Iranian citizen who is studying for a master ’s degree some of those detained holistic health in California , was held for 23 hours at Los Angeles International Airport before being deported , after Judge Donnelly issued her ruling , according to court filings . Suha Amin Abdullah Abushamma , a Sudanese doctor at Judge Donnelly Cleveland Clinic in Ohio who was born in Saudi Arabia and has a valid work visa , was detained at Kennedy Airport for 10 hours and deported , according to the filings . There is an urgent Los Angeles International Airport find those on the government ’s list of people court filings held , said Lee Gelernt , lead lawyer with the A. C. L. U. for detainees . He said he feared that Mr. Gelernt . " We ’re going to do our best to get everybody back Mr. Gelernt and Mr. Gelernt we ’ll fight the new executive order , " Mr. Gelernt said . 
 We We 