Warren E. Buffett , the billionaire investor , on Saturday lauded the " miraculous " qualities of the United States economy in highlighting another stellar year for Warren E. Buffett, the billionaire investor company , Berkshire Hathaway . Warren E. Buffett, the billionaire investor , is known for being persistently optimistic about the prospects of the American economy . But his usual hymn to the dynamism of the American economy in his annual letter to Berkshire Warren E. Buffett, the billionaire investor shareholders that was released on Saturday the American economy heights Warren E. Buffett, the billionaire investor " Americans have combined human ingenuity , a market system , a tide of talented and ambitious immigrants , and the rule of law to deliver abundance beyond any dreams of our forefathers , " Mr. Buffett wrote . He was a vocal supporter of Hillary Clinton during last year ’s presidential campaign and he did not Mr. Buffett President Trump in his letter . But his celebration of the American economy ’s Mr. Buffett to deliver growth stands in stark Mr. Buffett to President Trump Mr. Buffett darker descriptions of the country ’s economic prospects . That Mr. Buffett went out of his way to give credit to a " tide of talented and ambitious immigrants " was also worthy Mr. Buffett note in light of the Trump administration ’s crackdown on immigrants . Last year was another outstanding one for the man known widely as the Oracle of Omaha . Berkshire Hathaway ’s stock price was up 23 percent in 2016 , about double the return on the Standard   Poor ’s 500 index . Berkshire ’s operating companies , which include the insurance firm Geico , the railroad company BNSF and numerous Berkshire Hathaway’s also performed well in an improving economy , with operating earnings increasing to $ 17 . 5 billion in 2016 from $ 17 . 3 billion in 2015 . Mr. Buffett ’s investment letters , which accompany Berkshire ’s report , are highly anticipated . After all , he is 86 years old , sitting on Berkshire of $ 85 billion in cash and , as a Mr. Buffett’s documentary about his life made clear , showing little sign of slowing down . Mr. Buffett also revealed in his letter that Mr. Buffett’s recent bet on Apple had paid quick dividends . He owns Mr. Buffett’s . 1 percent stake Mr. Buffett’s the company that he purchased at a total cost of $ 6 Mr. Buffett’s 7 billion . His 61 million shares are now worth over Mr. Buffett’s 8 billion . Over the years , Mr. Buffett has had a Mr. Buffett’s relationship with Wall Street . He has been a withering critic of the culture of Mr. Buffett’s , group think and excessive fees yet he has also Mr. Buffett’s in to buy big stakes in investment firms when they hit rough times . In his 2016 letter Mr. Buffett’s Mr. Buffett took special aim at hedge funds , which in recent big stakes in investment firms have faced persistent outflows of Mr. Buffett’s money because of Mr. Buffett’s , stubbornly high fees and a broad move toward cheaper , passive options like index funds and    funds . Underscoring his    thesis that , over time , highly paid    hotshots lose out to a cheap index fund , Mr. Buffett presented the    results of a bet he made nine years ago . Since then , a standard S   P index fund overseen by Vanguard is up 85 percent Mr. Buffett easily outpacing the hedge funds’ return of 22 percent . Annually , the gap is just as wide : 7 percent for the index fund and 2 . 2 percent for the hedge funds . As usual , Mr. Buffett did not mince words in a standard S  P index fund overseen by Vanguard as to how elite investment professionals could register such mediocre returns while raking Mr. Buffett fees . " I ’m certain that Mr. Buffett almost all cases the managers at both levels were honest and intelligent people . But the results for their investors were dismal   —    really dismal , " he wrote . " And , alas , the huge fixed fees charged by all honest and intelligent people the funds and     involved   —    Mr. Buffett that were totally unwarranted by performance   —    were such that their managers were showered with compensation over the nine years that have passed . " 
 fees that were totally unwarranted by performance  —    