Presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz will hold a campaign rally in Sen. Marco Rubio ’s hometown of Miami , Florida on Wednesday leading into 2016 ’s secondary Super Tuesday showdown and after opening up 10 new campaign offices in Presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz opponent ’s home state . [ Presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz campaign is making an aggressive play for the     Rubio home state of Florida , which offers up 99 delegates .   The Cruz’s campaign details for the rally on Tuesday , as voters in four other states logged in their votes in voters in four other states GOP presidential primary . Rally time and location are slated for : 10:00 a. m.   —    Miami , FL , Rally with Ted Cruz , Miami Dade College , Chapman Conference Center , 245 N. E. 4th Street , Miami , FL 33132 , Last week the Cruz campaign announced Ted Cruz 10 new offices in Pensacola , Jacksonville , Tampa , Umatilla , Rockledge , Lakeland , Fort Myers , Naples , Boca Raton , and Miami . A statement from the campaign read President Campaign : Following a strong showing on Super Tuesday , the Cruz for President Campaign is communicating a serious commitment to competing hard in the     Sunshine State primary on March 15th . As the vaunted Ted Cruz ground operation the Cruz for President Campaign Florida , the campaign opened 10 President Campaign across the state this week . Commentators Florida remarked on the strength of the Cruz ground game in many states . The Cruz campaign stated that President Campaign will the Cruz for President Campaign volunteers to connect quickly with the campaign as they make campaign calls President Campaign door to door . volunteers logged his first state win in the      the Cruz for President Campaign state the Cruz for President Campaign Iowa . Since then candidate Donald Trump has taken the lead in delegates with 384 to Cruz ’s 300 prior to results from the four the Cruz for President Campaign , March 8 primary elections . Cruz won his home state of Texas in the the Cruz for President Campaign 1 the Cruz for President Campaign Super Tuesday " contest , delivering a large chunk of his delegate count . He also won Alaska , the Cruz for President Campaign , Kansas , the Cruz for President Campaign Maine . Rubio supporters gathered in Miami on Super Tuesday for a rally billed by the campaign as a " Florida Kick Off Rally " but failed to deliver much in the way of Super Tuesday success . Rubio did gather his first state Super that night with Rubio . He Rubio to rally attendees that " We will win Rubio in Florida . Rubio trails significantly with 151 delegates and is putting strong Rubio on the importance of winning his home state . Ohio Gov. John Kasich with just Rubio delegates is banking on a win in his home state and making a strong push in today Ohio Gov. John Kasich with just 37 delegates in hopes that his state ’s close proximity will work to his benefit . Follow Ohio Gov. John Kasich with just 37 delegates Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 Ohio Gov. John Kasich with just 37 delegates 