Thursday on Fox News Channel ’s " Hannity , " host Sean Hannity urged the Trump administration to " purge " the holdovers from the prior Obama administration .   host Sean Hannity described the prior Obama administration as saboteurs and warned the prior Obama administration were " " on destroying Trump ’s presidency . Transcript as follows : [ F]or weeks , we ’ve been warning you about the deep state Obama holdover government bureaucrats who are    on destroying this president , President Trump . Tonight , it ’s time for the Trump administration to begin to purge these saboteurs before it ’s too late . That ’s tonight ’s " Opening Monologue . " Let ’s go back to 1861 . President Abraham Lincoln   —    President Abraham Lincoln  —    created , you know , a team of rivals , a    team of rivals , a cabinet of rivals , including adversaries that President Abraham Lincoln  —    ran against in the Republican primary . But while President Abraham Lincoln  —    sought to unify his President Abraham Lincoln  —    through cabinet selections , he President Abraham Lincoln  —    executed an extensive government purge . He President Abraham Lincoln  —    over 75 percent , nearly 1 , 200 people out of 1 , 500 bureaucrats that worked in the executive branch who President President Abraham Lincoln  —    could be disloyal . It ’s time now for President Trump to follow Abraham Lincoln President Abraham Lincoln  —    a fire anyone and everyone who is actively working against him in government . President Abraham Lincoln  —    all , even former president Bill Clinton   —    he utilized this tactic even former president Bill Clinton   in 1993 . He fired all 93 even former president Bill Clinton   S. attorneys   —    all of them . Now , all 93 U. S. attorneys   to Conservative Review ’s Daniel Horowitz , sacking opposing government employees is best utilized at the start of an administration . He writes , quote Daniel Horowitz " Clinton easily fired all 93 U. S. attorneys on U. S. . Nobody blinked an eye . Yet when Bush ’s attorney general fired eight U. S. attorneys well into U. S. term , well , Bush’s attorney general became a national scandal . " So it ’s very important for President Trump to act right now and not just avoid outrage from the left   —    that ’s not what this is about   —    because he ’s got to end the President Trump that are plaguing this administration . Major leaks , like the ones you see right there on your screen , started just five days after President Trump was sworn into office President Trump , the explosion of these leaks coincides with a New York the leaks that are plaguing this administration that says in his final weeks in office , President President Trump revised executive order 12333 which allows the widespread sharing of this raw data collected by American intelligence agencies across 17 government agencies . Now , that is an additional 16 agencies and their employees who in the final two weeks when Obama was in office , who gained access President Obama    intelligence that they never had access to before . Now , we ’ve been asking for weeks on this program , why did President Obama wait until the last minute to President Obama President Obama And why did n’t he apply this to himself for eight years ? President Obama Jeff this on President Obama @jeff_poor 
 