A combat veteran of Afghanistan , who gave both legs trying to dismantle an explosive device , tells Breitbart News Hillary Clinton failed the most important test for being president when Hillary Clinton recklessly handled state secrets in wartime . [ " This is a woman , not only vying to be president , but vying to be   " said Brian Mast , the    Army staff sergeant now running for Congress in Florida ’s 18th District . " And Hillary Clinton ca n’t handle sensitive information —   putting sensitive information at risk and American lives at risk in this way ? "   Mast , a Republican and supporter of Donald Trump for president , says there is a trust between the men and women serving down range and Mast, a Republican and supporter of Donald Trump for president leaders , and Clinton broke a trust between the men and women serving down range and their leaders . " She Clinton to be the top person tasked with digesting intelligence and what is going on on the battlefield , " he Clinton . " Every person should be absolutely in outrage over this . " The candidate for Congress , who recently completed his bachelors from Harvard University , said he his baffled by the explanation given by FBI Director James Comey , when he his Tuesday that he his not recommend that Department of Justice prosecutors indict the former first lady . Comey his no charges are appropriate following an extensive investigation of Clinton ’s use of a personal    system during her Clinton as Secretary of State . The an extensive investigation of Clinton’s use of a personal   system during her time as Secretary of State as a referral last July from the Intelligence Community Inspector General and focused on whether classified information was improperly stored or transmitted on Secretary Clinton ’s Clinton servers during her    tenure . Clinton Although there is evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding the handling of classified information , our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case , " Comey said . Mast said he was baffled at Comey a    decision . " She has been given Mast pass because of what her last name is Mast for her role in the Mast Party , " he said . " Comey say there is only indirect evidence of direct evidence ? It was a complete dodge of what is going on here , " he said . " Comey is Hillary Clinton being treated in a way that no other person facing these charges would be treated . " 
 