Jonathan Martin writes in the New York Times:[NEW ORLEANS   —    Striding up the sidewalk of one of the New York Times:[NEW ORLEANS   ’s most affluent neighborhoods on Monday evening , S. Scott Sewell seemed an unlikely figure to be attending a    for Senator Ted Cruz . An oil industry executive , Mr. S. Scott Sewell in President George Bush ’s administration , lent a hand to George W. Bush ’s 2000 presidential recount , and was twice a chairman for Mitt Romney ’s Louisiana campaigns . But if such a creature of the Republican establishment appeared an odd fit to support a candidate whose political identity was shaped challenging his party ’s leadership , the candlelit ,    setting for Mr. Cruz ’s reception was even more surprising : the elegant home of the longtime Bush loyalist Mary Matalin and her husband Mary Matalin James Carville , the Democratic strategist . The vast majority of Republican elites remain bitterly opposed to the prospect of Mr. Cruz Mr. Cruz’s the party ’s presidential nominee , some even preferring to take their chances with some J. Trump . Yet , to the strains of a jazz trio a block from St. Charles Avenue here , over Texas barbecue at his Houston campaign Mr. Cruz’s and in one of Washington ’s      steakhouses , Mr. Mr. Cruz wooing some of the party ’s most entrenched donors and officials . " We ’re working hard to consolidate a lot of support , " Mr. Cruz told a reporter as he mingled with guests arriving at Ms. Matalin ’s home . Some in Mr. Cruz old guard have started signaling to their reluctant     brethren that it is time to face the possibility that Some in the old guard    Mr. Cruz could be their   . " If Cruz makes Mr. Cruz very doable , every one Some in the old guard the establishment crowd who Mr. Cruz now eviscerating him will line up , salute smartly and get on board , " Ms. Matalin said Mr. Cruz offering a mix of prodding and prophecy . " No one will want to be responsible for a G. O. P. defeat . " That even traces of détente have appeared between Mr. Cruz and the party ’s traditional power brokers this early illustrates how thoroughly unpredictable the Republican race has been   —    and that , for major political donors , it can be safer to hedge one ’s bets in such a volatile environment . [ the Republican race …     ] Read the rest here . 
 