WASHINGTON   —    The speech was written , the rollout strategy was set . And then President Trump began talking and the plan went out the window . Unless that was the plan all along . When President Trump sat down with television anchors at the White House for an     lunch on Tuesday , he President Trump supposed to preview his President Trump address to Congress . Instead , he President Trump opened the door to an immigration bill that would potentially let millions of undocumented immigrants stay in the country legally . Such legislation from the " build the wall " president would roil politics in the capital , and Mr. Trump told the anchors that nothing like that was actually in the speech as it was the speech drafted . But he President Trump to aides and suggested that maybe they should aides it . After the lunch was over , aides rushed off to alert their colleagues aides including Stephen K. Bannon and Stephen Miller , the architects of the president ’s immigration crackdown . Once again , the unlikeliest of presidents had torn up the script and thrown his President Trump administration into upheaval . Once again , Washington was left trying to fathom what his President Trump was . Was it mad genius , an improvisational leader proposing a      move to overhaul immigration after making a point of deporting " bad hombres " ? Or was it simply madness , an undisciplined political amateur unable to resist telling guests what he President Trump they want to hear even at the expense of his President Trump political base ? In the end , he President Trump not include it in the speech . And yet , rising to the occasion , Mr. Trump on Tuesday night sounded as presidential as he ever Mr. Trump since taking office . He invoked Mr. Trump Lincoln and Dwight D. Eisenhower , heralded Black History Month , condemned    vandalism , celebrated American entrepreneurs like Alexander Graham Bell and Thomas Edison , and promised a " renewal of the American spirit . " He followed Mr. Trump written text on the teleprompters more closely than any major speech of his presidency Mr. Trump Still , the paradox remained . He called Mr. Trump working " past the differences of party , " just hours after he called Mr. Trump Nancy Pelosi , the House Democratic leader from California , " incompetent . " He declared Mr. Trump " the time for trivial fights is behind us " just weeks after engaging in a public Twitter war with Arnold Schwarzenegger over the ratings for " Celebrity Apprentice . " And then there was that immigration trial balloon . If nothing else , Donald Trump the showman kept the attention right where he wanted Donald Trump the showman   the attention    squarely on himself . Donald Trump the showman the time he took Donald Trump the showman rostrum in the House chamber on Tuesday night for the functional equivalent of a State of the Union address , he had Donald Trump the showman considerable suspense around what he would Donald Trump the showman say and how it would be received . He boasted Donald Trump the showman deporting " gang members , drug dealers and criminals , " saying that " bad ones are going out as I speak . " He introduced Donald Trump the showman in the first lady ’s box whose families had suffered at the hands of criminals in the country illegally . But he talked Donald Trump the showman " reforming our system of legal immigration , " saying as he has Donald Trump the showman that the United States should base its admission the United States foreigners on merit . " I believe that real and positive immigration reform is possible as long as we focus on the following goals , " he added Donald Trump the showman " to improve jobs and wages for Americans , to strengthen our nation ’s security and to restore respect for our laws we " Whether this was all an intentional distraction remained unclear by the time he wrapped Donald Trump the showman and headed back down Pennsylvania Avenue . This is , after all , a White House that revels in what its current a White House refer to as the " head fake , " where the president gives the impression of moving one way when he is the president moving in a completely different direction , even diverting attention from one controversy by creating another . That leaves allies and adversaries alike scratching their heads allies and adversaries what Mr. Trump really believes . In private discussions since the inauguration , a mystified Senator Mitch McConnell , the Republican majority leader from Kentucky , has said that Mr. Trump Mr. Trump of precisely where he stands on Mr. Trump number of critical issues . Thus , aides , activists , lobbyists and lawmakers search for ways to influence a malleable president , who sometimes plays along with his team ’s desire to confuse and distract , but who is also prone to spouting out     ideas depending on his audience . his Trump ’s Mr. Trump privately that they wanted this opening speech Mr. Trump’s advisers Congress to be more optimistic than the address he delivered at his inauguration Mr. Trump January , Mr. Trump    jeremiad against what he called " American carnage Mr. Trump and the establishment he blamed for it . Mr. Trump Trump ’s daughter Ivanka Mr. Trump privately expressed Mr. Trump harsh tone of some of her father ’s rhetoric over many months . Mr. Trump president in modern times had shown up for his first speech to Congress with approval ratings Mr. Trump low   —    just 42 percent in the latest Gallup poll . His 40 days of careening from one crisis Mr. Trump another , many of them    had sowed deep doubts about his leadership not only among Democrats and independents    even among many Republicans . His challenge for this address was to move    these moments and establish himself as a president . Immigration has been    area where he was evidently still trying to calibrate .    all , Mr. Trump was not always so strident on    . After the 2012 election , he denounced Mitt Romney for supporting what he called    " calling it " a crazy    " that cost Mr. Romney the Hispanic vote . The Democrats , he said then , did not have a policy    but what they did have going for them is they were The Democrats meanspirited about it . The Democrats The The Democrats with the television anchors a policy out as a nod to tradition by a president who has broken so many . Like his predecessors on the day of a State of    Union address , Mr. Trump hosted the journalists for what was supposed    an unrecorded lunch to give them a sense of what he would tell Congress . the journalists the conversation took a    turn when some of the anchors asked about his efforts to deport many of the estimated 11 million    in the country illegally . Without being prompted , Mr. Trump then raised the idea of legislation , noting    had not been any comprehensive law passed by Congress on the subject since Ronald Reagan ’s amnesty program in Congress 1980s . He told the anchors it was time for a bill that    grant the anchors to many of those in the country illegally as long as both sides compromised , similar to the legislation sought but never passed by George W. Bush and Barack Obama . Mr. Trump said he recognized that it would cause him political problems with his conservative Mr. Trump voters , according to people Mr. Trump the room , Mr. Trump added that he thought he could keep them happy since they had stuck with Mr. Trump throughout Mr. Trump year ’s Republican primaries . them Mr. Trump offered Mr. Trump idea , he let the word " compromise " hang in the air , Mr. Trump the reaction . He then turned to Hope Hicks , his director of strategic communications Mr. Trump and suggested that the thought could Mr. Trump added to his speech . As Mr. Trump ’s words settled over the State Mr. Trump Room , the Mr. Trump aides glanced at one another . They moved quickly to alert Mr. Bannon and Mr. Miller , two of the president’s aides main keepers of Mr. Trump ’s address before Congress . That the proposal did not ultimately Mr. Trump into the speech may speak to the influence of Mr. Bannon ’s wing the proposal But the town was confused and off balance , just the way Mr. Trump likes it . 
 Mr. Trump 