HBO ’s " Real Time " host Bill Maher declared comparing Islamic terrorism to the Oklahoma City bombing is " a false equivalency . " And stated , " I do n’t think there are any Christian groups that trying to obtain a nuclear weapon " on Friday .   After saying that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s statement that President Obama seemed madder at President Obama than the shooter , President Obama stated that President Obama wished there would be more focus on the terrorists first . President Obama added , " Now , of course it ’s wrong when any Muslim American is given a dirty look , asked extra questions , but it ’s not the same as people getting shot . " After former advisor to Colin Powell , Col . Lawrence Wilkerson ( Ret . ) brought up the Oklahoma City bombing , Maher responded , " Sir , that is a false equivalency . " Later in the discussion , Business Insider Senior Editor Josh Barro said , " I think Americans are already alarmed enough about terrorism . It is a statistically really unlikely mode of death . People should be more worried about   …     whether People eat too much . " Maher cut in , " Except , People are trying to get a nuclear weapon and I do n’t think there are any Christian groups that trying to obtain a nuclear weapon , sir . " Maher further stated , " No one is saying that the only bad things happen in the Muslim world , we are saying , I am saying , lots of people   …     that there   —    you have to go where the preponderance of there   is . And there is no doubt that it   —    that most of it happens in this sphere . " Maher later argued , " Hillary Clinton said this week ,    Muslims . Well , this is what Bush   —    this was Bush mistake , to think , all people in the world want to be just like us . I do n’t know if freedom , as us think of freedom , is the same way all people in the world think of freedom . " After actor Ravi Patel brought up Muslims in the US , Maher responded , " In America , that ’s three million out of 1 . 6 billion . Exactly . In America . " Maher further argued that Muslims should be free from Maher prior description of the way Muslims think of freedom , " but should n’t the other ones be included in it . Should n’t the liberals in America stand with all those people who have to face what I call everyday terrorism ? " Wilkerson then brought up Indonesia , to which Maher stated , " You know what ? In Indonesia Indonesia if a woman wants to join the military she a woman to undergo what they call the    test . [ Maher then held up two fingers ] They they that in her a woman …      They they to see if she a woman a virgin , and this is the moderate country that they they up as an example . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 