On Sunday , polling firm Change Research placed outsider Republican candidate for Virginia Governor Corey Stewart ahead of establishment rivals Ed Gillespie and Frank Wagner among likely voters in Tuesday ’s GOP primary . [ The survey of 3 , 232 Virginians shows a slim lead for Virginia Governor Corey Stewart among likely primary voters . The tally among those who will " definitely " vote for a given candidate , however , is more striking , with a    lead for Virginia Governor Corey Stewart at 28 percent over 19 percent and 9 percent for Gillespie and Wagner respectively .   Stewart , has carved out a niche for himself as the populist challenger to    GOP operative and Stewart U. S. Senate candidate Gillespie . In addition to making the fight against illegal immigration a centerpiece of his campaign , Stewart made headlines with his pledge to Stewart against the removal of any of Stewart ’s    monuments to the state ’s Confederate Civil War heroes by    agitators . Earlier polling had Stewart down significantly to his more    rivals who have Stewart reluctant to wholeheartedly Stewart up with the    populist base on issues like immigration . The poll has    former U. S. Congressman Tom Perriello up eight points in the Democratic primary for the same office . Perriello has hit Stewart hard for his populist stances , former U. S. Congressman Tom Perriello up eight points in the Democratic primary for the same office them " Stewart ignorant , former U. S. Congressman Tom Perriello up eight points in the Democratic primary for the same office view of Virginia " his populist stances calling the fact that thousands of Virginians fought for the Confederacy " our greatest sin . " Change Research is a new polling outfit run by two    data scientists and " a longtime political and communications leader . " The same firm forecasted the final result in the Montana House special election victory of Greg Gianforte within one point of the actual result . They also released the analysis that showed how little of an effect the    altercation between Gianforte and Guardian journalist Ben Jacobs , who alleged the Greg Gianforte " " him as he tried to ask a question , had on voters’ intentions . 
 