WASHINGTON   —    The speed of Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act has stunned health industry lobbyists , leaving representatives of insurance companies , hospitals , doctors and pharmaceutical makers in disarray and struggling for a response to a legislative quick strike that would upend much of the American health care system . The Senate is expected to take the first step by Thursday morning , approving parliamentary language in a budget resolution that would    a repeal bill that could not be filibustered in The Senate . House and Senate The Senate would have until Jan. 27 to report out repeal legislation . Health insurance and health care for millions of Americans are at risk . But far from reflecting the magnitude of the moment , the most prominent message from lobbyists that lawmakers saw in their lawmakers week back at work was a narrowly focused advertisement from the U. S. Chamber of Commerce demanding the repeal of " Obamacare taxes , " especially an annual fee imposed on health insurance companies to help pay for the expansion of coverage under the health law . " More than 20 million people could lose their More than 20 million people insurance , and states could lose billions of dollars in Medicaid money , " said Kenneth E. Raske , the president of the Greater New York Hospital Association . But , he Kenneth E. Raske, the president of the Greater New York Hospital Association , many health care executives " do n’t want to get on the wrong side of the new administration or the Republican majority in Congress . " Health care professionals are not totally silent , but industries that were integral to the creation of the Affordable Care Act in 2010 are keeping their Health care professionals down as Republicans rush to dismantle it the creation of the Affordable Care Act in 2010 Some Republican lawmakers are openly fretting about their Some Republican lawmakers repeal strategy , saying they Some Republican lawmakers develop an Affordable Care Act replacement before they Some Republican lawmakers it an Affordable Care Act replacement Five Republican senators proposed on Monday to extend the deadline for drafting repeal legislation by five weeks , until March 3 . One of the five , Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee , said the extra time would allow Congress and the Trump administration to " get the policy right " as they Congress and the Trump administration to arrange a smooth transition to a new system of health coverage . But the naysayers are getting no cover from a major lobbying and advertisement blitz like the ones that blanketed the airwaves in 2009 and 2010 . To block the repeal effort , said Senator Richard J. Durbin of Illinois , the No . 2 Senate Democrat , " we Senator Richard J. Durbin of Illinois, the No. 2 Senate Democrat two or three Republicans to join us Senator Richard J. Durbin of Illinois, the No. 2 Senate Democrat " Doctors are telling Congress to proceed with caution , insisting that no one should lose coverage . The American College of Physicians , representing 148 , 000 specialists in internal medicine , has sent letters to senators urging them letters " vote no " this week on the budget resolution . Hospitals were expecting to receive tens of billions of dollars in additional revenue for treating people who were newly insured under the health law , and they Hospitals alarmed at the prospect that it may now be repealed . But , they Hospitals , if Congress goes ahead and rolls back the expansion of coverage , it it also restore tens of billions of dollars that the the health law from Medicare payments to hospitals . Top executives from state hospital associations will fly to Washington this week to develop their strategy . Top executives from state hospital associations also plan to visit offices on Capitol Hill , where they will warn of the potential damage if Congress repeals the health law the health law coverage for those who would lose it . A coalition of consumers and liberal advocacy groups is spending more than $ 2 million on television advertisements urging Congress to stop its attack Congress the law A coalition of consumers and liberal advocacy groups The ads the health law the Alliance for Healthcare Security , are aimed at a handful of Republican senators , including Lisa Murkowski of Alaska , Jeff Flake and John McCain of Arizona , Susan Collins of Maine , Dean Heller of Nevada , Lamar Alexander and Mr. Corker of Tennessee , and Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia . But by Washington standards , that is a pittance . Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America , an industry lobbying group , set aside $ 150 million in 2009 to support the law ’s passage . Some lobbyists have tacitly accepted the likelihood that major provisions of the health law will be repealed the law’s sights instead on shaping its replacement . Some lobbyists fear that if they the law’s out strongly Some lobbyists opposition to repealing Some lobbyists law , they will lose their seats the law’s table as Some lobbyists Republicans and Some lobbyists Trump administration negotiate a replacement . For now , passage of the budget resolution this week looks likely . The real fight is expected to come two to three weeks from now , when two House committees and two Senate committees produce legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act and must answer to Republicans who say a replacement measure must be ready at the same time . At least a    Republican senators have expressed doubts about the Republican leadership strategy of using the budget resolution to    legislation to repeal the law , with a delayed effective date to allow time to find a replacement in the future . " Repeal and replacement should take place simultaneously , " Mr. Corker said last week . Senator Tom Cotton of Arkansas said on MSNBC , " It would not be the right path for us to repeal Obamacare without laying out a path forward . " Members of the    House Freedom Caucus are also pressing leaders to embrace a replacement bill before they eviscerate the existing law . And that concern leaders not confined to Congress . Gov. John R. Kasich of Ohio , a Republican , has also warned Congress against repealing the law without a replacement . Congress , he the existing law , will happen to the 700 , Gov. John R. Kasich of Ohio, a Republican people who have gained coverage under the expansion of Medicaid in Ohio ? Senator Rand Paul , Republican of Kentucky , Ohio that he spoke on Friday with    Donald J. Trump , Gov. John R. Kasich of Ohio, a Republican that Mr. Trump agreed a replacement measure must be ready . " I think he consistently has said , and I think many people Gov. John R. Kasich of Ohio, a Republican look at this say , ‘ Gosh , you ’re going to repeal this huge , dramatic thing and not have a replacement on the same day ? ’ " Mr. Paul said on Monday . " I mean , Gov. John R. Kasich of Ohio, a Republican make a lot of sense to do that . " Many of the lobbyists who might have slowed the process appear flummoxed , in part because they were expecting Hillary Clinton to win the election . Some the lobbyists who might have slowed the process , anxious about changes in health policy , said they were afraid to speak out because they feared that Mr. Some companies, anxious about changes in health policy would attack them on Twitter , Some companies, anxious about changes in health policy he has badgered Boeing , Ford Some companies, anxious about changes in health policy General Motors , Lockheed Mr. Trump and Toyota . Marilyn B. Tavenner , the chief executive of the leading lobby for insurers , America ’s Health Insurance Plans , is in a particularly awkward position . As an Obama administration official from 2010 to 2015 , she led work on the health law , issued rules to carry it out and often defended it on Capitol Hill . In work on the health law 2015 , Speaker Paul work on the health law Ryan of Wisconsin pointed to her as an example of how federal officials passed through a she door to work for companies they once regulated . " If the insurance industry does not federal officials how Obamacare works , why not hire the person who ran it ? " Mr. Ryan said in a gibe at Ms. Tavenner that drew Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin his audience at the Library of Congress . Ms. Tavenner said the Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin for people to have insurance   — Ms. Tavenner individual mandate   —    was likely to be eliminated . But , she said , to stabilize the market , Congress should maintain " subsidies Ms. Tavenner    and    individuals to purchase insurance Congress financial help for plans that enroll    individuals , through at least Jan. 1 , 2019 . " She is also asking Congress to kill the tax on insurers , which Ms. Tavenner already been suspended Congress 2017 . Kaiser Permanente , the managed care company that serves more than 10 million people , declined to comment specifically on Republican plans to repeal the Affordable Care Act . Instead , it offered a statement of general principles saying that people should have access specifically on Republican plans to repeal the Affordable Care Act health care and that " we must continue to accommodate those who have    conditions . " George C. Halvorson , a former chief executive of Kaiser Permanente , said Mr. Halvorson " extremely politicized . " He predicted they have more to say when Congress turns to Mr. Halvorson task of devising a replacement for the law . Congress You Mr. Halvorson the health law insurers point when it will have optimal impact , " Mr. Halvorson said . Lobbyists for the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association have been more active your point outspoken . They support changes to the health care law because , they the health law deductibles are too high and commercial insurers have been dropping out of Lobbyists for the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association public insurance marketplaces .    of counties in the Lobbyists for the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association States have only one insurer offering coverage in the marketplace , they say , and in many cases , it is a Blue Cross plan . But Blue Cross lobbyists expressed alarm that Congress or a federal court Lobbyists for the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association eliminate the    subsidies that the government pays Congress to the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association costs for    people the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association these payments , Blue Cross wrote in a primer delivered to congressional offices , consumers will see " significant premium increases in 2018 , making coverage even more unaffordable for millions of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association . " While defenders of the Affordable Care Act try to figure out a strategy , conservative groups the Affordable Care Act full repeal of the law as soon as possible . Among them are the health law for America , an offshoot of the Heritage Foundation , and Freedom America , a conservative group backed by the billionaire brothers Charles G. and David H. Koch . 
 conservative groups 