GOP frontrunner Donald Trump separated GOP frontrunner Donald Trump from rival Ohio Gov. John Kasich during GOP frontrunner Donald Trump morning and afternoon campaign rallies in Ohio on trade , specifically the Trans Pacific Partnership . [ " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s now in favor of the Trans Pacific Partnership a disaster . It is going to ruin your car industry , It Trump said of rival Ohio Gov. John Kasich during his Saturday afternoon campaign rally at the Cleveland    Trump .   That deal is very bad for a lot of reasons . Number one , you should n’t sign with that many countries . The document is almost 7 , 000 pages long . Nobody from our country has read it , believe me . But the other countries The document all read it and they that many countries and it ’s just another The document to that many countries advantage of jobs , The document and everything else in the United States . We ’re not going to let it happen anymore . Trump claimed Kasich " has led your coal industry down . " " Your steel industry is going to hell , " the real your coal industry . " We ’re bringing it all back . " Trump was also We of the North American Free Trade Agreement Trump NAFTA ) and the closing of factories . " He ’s in favor of amnesty , " Trump alleged about Trump , saying , Kasich " ca n’t Trump president . Kasich When asked about Kasich ’s comments on trade via email , Kasich communications director Trump told Breitbart News , " We got Kasich % support from union households in 2014 gov race . " Breitbart News Saturday afternoon , Kasich ’s campaign issued a press release from Ohio ’s Affiliated Construction Kasich his job creation : Because of John Kasich , Ohio ’s construction workers Kasich more jobs , which create opportunities for a higher quality Ohio life for their families . While others choose to utilize foreign workers for purposes of convenience or construction workers , Governor Kasich has successfully brought jobs to Ohio from Mexico , China and Europe , and he has been steadfast in his Ohio for Ohio ’s construction workforce . We need Governor Kasich president who walks the Governor Kasich , and Ohio has done that with us . His relentless approach to economic development and job Governor Kasich coupled with his unprecedented efforts We rebuild Governor Kasich ’s infrastructure , has created numerous opportunities for our    and Governor Kasich 92 , 000 Ohio in the construction trades . I am confident that We ’ll be a strong president for all Americans and implement the same    common sense economic policies Governor Kasich the White House that he has done so powerfully as Governor of Ohio . We will continue to stress to our members Governor Kasich there is one clear leader in the Republican field We —    Governor John Kasich We The International Union for Operating Engineers Local 18 also recently touted Kasich ’s jobs record . Kasich was n’t the only one Trump was critical of during his rally . He also went after Kasich frontrunner Hillary Clinton and    socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders ( Kasich saying , Kasich Hillary can not seem to win even against a communist . How is it in our great , great world , that a communist can not be beaten by Hillary Clinton ? " 
 Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton 