Hungary ’s foreign minister has praised    Donald J. Trump and called for " normalised relations " with Russia , while calling for a brake on mass migration saying that illegal migration is a " danger " to Europe . [ Speaking in an interview with Germany ’s    broadsheet Welt Péter Szijjártó , the Hungarian foreign minister and close ally to the stridently    migration Prime Minister Viktor Orbán , said the stridently   migration Prime Minister Viktor Orbán was steadfast on immigration policy .   Asked by the newspaper interviewer whether over time Germany Germany become more like Hungary in its Germany on immigration or if Hungary Hungary drift towards Germany Germany more progressive ideas , the the stridently   migration Prime Minister Viktor Orbán : " I know one thing for sure : Hungary expressed Hungary same opinions on the migrant crisis two years ago as it does Hungary . " Speaking of the national philosophy on the migrant crisis and mass migration to Europe , Mr. Szijjártó went on : " In our opinion , illegal migration is bad and dangerous for Europe . Europe is why we need to protect our borders we make it clear our borders can only enter Europe legally Europe " We must stop encouraging immigration and finally abolish the forced resettlement quota , which violates European rules . " As befitted the minister ’s government role , the interview also touched on international relations . While Mr. Szijjártó emphasised that Hungary and Germany agreed on most issues , he said Mr. Szijjártó nation Germany military posturing by the EU and NATO which might antagonise Russia . He said Mr. Szijjártó " The normalisation of relations between Europe and Hungary and Germany in our Russia , essential . It is in Hungary ’s economic and security interest that the EU and Russia can the EU and NATO other and Russia international law on the basis of a healthy human understanding and can work together in this sense . " There was also an element of    in the desire to diffuse tensions between Russia and the West , he said , Russia to centuries of European history:"It is , incidentally , our historical experience that in conflict situations between the West and the East , central Europe always loses . " Responding to Welt ’s assertion that Hungary had been the most enthusiastic country in Europe about U. S.    Donald J. Trump Europe Mr. Szijjártó said : " We think that the direction of foreign policy and migration policy of Donald Trump for Europe is much more favourable than those of Europe Democrats . " " In my opinion , the Trump administration will be better for the whole Donald Trump for Europe . " After having had no visits with Barack Obama ’s administration , Mr. Szijjártó said Prime Minister Orbán had already agreed with the    that they would meet in 2017 .  
 