Tuesday at CNN ’s Wisconsin GOP town hall , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump defended Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski who was charged with misdemeanor battery in an incident involving former Breitbart News reporter Michelle Fields at a Jupiter , FL , campaign event on March 6 .   Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump insisted Lewandowski will continue as Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump campaign manager because Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said , " I stick up for people , and I do n’t want to ruin somebody ’s life . " Partial transcript as follows : COOPER : I got to start off with some news of the day topics . Your campaign manager , Corey Lewandowski charged with simple battery for grabbing a reporter by the arm . Will Corey Lewandowski continue as his campaign manager ? Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump : Yes , he will Corey Lewandowski I looked at the tape . I looked   —    it was my tape the tape was at it of my places . I have great security and great security cameras . I gave the tape , the tape , if you look at that , people have looked at it   —    the tape fact , I just left another area of Wisconsin , we had a whole big meeting with a whole group of people , big audience , tremendous audience , and they ’re all shaking people heads , give people a break , give me a break . COOPER : Let me ask you , though   …      TRUMP : The answer is yes . And by the way , speaking of something else , I watched Ted Cruz . His home state is Ted Cruz Florida . His home state is His home state may be Canada . ( LAUGHTER ) TRUMP : But to the best of my knowledge , it ’s Texas . So he made that Texas Ted Cruz    I was surprised you did n’t correct him actually . COOPER Ted Cruz Let me ask you about Lewandowski . Initially your campaign said this never happened , there was no video of it . You came out and this you thought this person was , Ted Cruz making it up , this reporter . Lewandowski no video of it himself , tweeted saying , Lewandowski never met this reporter , I never touched this this reporter the videotape Ted Cruz clearly did touch this person Ted Cruz Whether or not Ted Cruz it was battery or not   …      TRUMP : Touch   —    I do n’t know TRUMP touch means . I looked   …      COOPER : Well , he says I never touched this person Ted Cruz TRUMP : And then Ted Cruz , oh , look , at my arm . COOPER CROSSTALK ) COOPER : Did he mislead you at all ? TRUMP : COOPER at all . No , not at all TRUMP Look , I did n’t know we had all these security cameras all over . But the time I found out , I said , well , this is really wonderful , this exonerates him totally . Now   …      ( Ted Cruz ) TRUMP : ( inaudible ) would have happened ( inaudible ) went to the ground or something to the effect that she almost went to the ground . She was in pain COOPER She went to the ground . COOPER she found out that COOPER was a security the ground and COOPER they had her on tape , all of a sudden that story changed COOPER She did n’t talk about it . COOPER : No , COOPER ’s not true . She says that story story has remained exactly the same . She COOPER knocked COOPER little that story   …      TRUMP COOPER Oh really ? Can I read this to you this then ? TRUMP : Yes , that she was knocked off balance but this remained standing COOPER TRUMP COOPER Do you mind if I COOPER this to you ? Do you mind if I read you her statement ? ( APPLAUSE you TRUMP : I mean , COOPER me a break . You know , the TRUMP is everybody dumps people when there ’s , like , a sign of political incorrectness . I ’m just going to read , if I can find it   …      COOPER : She said she was almost knocked off balance , but she COOPER standing COOPER TRUMP : She said she was almost COOPER off balance , right . COOPER TRUMP COOPER she said . You want to read it ? Or you COOPER me to do it ? You ’re a professional announcer . Why do n’t you read it it The bottom part . ( LAUGHTER ) TRUMP : The bottom . it that ’s an exact quote from her prior to seeing the cameras , and now she says COOPER oh , I better change my story , COOPER guess . COOPER : This quote says , " I was jolted backwards . Someone had grabbed me an exact quote from her the arm and yanked me down . I almost knell fell to the ground but was able .. " . TRUMP : Yanked you down . Did you see it ? Did she almost fall TRUMP ? COOPER : COOPER   …      was able to maintain the ground nonetheless . I was shaken . Campaign managers are n’t supposed to try to forcefully throw reporters to the ground . " No , she did not go down on the ground . TRUMP the ground no , let me just say   —    look , the ground knows   —    folks , look , I ’m COOPER loyal person . I ’m going to be loyal to the country . I ’m going to be loyal to Wisconsin . We have to tell ’m like it is . It would be so easy ’m me to terminate this man , ruin his life , ruin his family it He ’s got four beautiful children in New Hampshire , ruin his whole everything , this man say you ’re this man . Okay this man I fired many people , especially on " The Apprentice this man " ( LAUGHTER ) TRUMP : But look at what she says . Michelle Fields , who , by the way , is not a baby . OK ? In her own worlds , exactly . " I was jolted backwards . " Well , she ’s standing there . " Someone she grabbed me tightly by the arm . " Tightly . " And yanked me she . " She was n’t yanked down . She was   —    like , she did n’t even have any expression . If she in this audience gets whacked she or gets hurt , including me she you get hit a little bit . You go , ow . There ’s no emotion . OK , wait a minute . " I almost fell to the ground . " I almost fell to the ground she did n’t almost fall to the ground . He got in her way . And by the way , the ground she me ! Am I supposed to the ground Someone her ? she , my arm is hurting . Anderson she my arm is just killing me . It ’s never been she same . COOPER : You ’ve suggested you might   —    my arm Excuse me , excuse me ! my arm did n’t suggest . COOPER : Oh , yeah , you did . TRUMP : I tweeted . No , no , I tweeted . COOPER : A tweet COOPER a suggestion . TRUMP : Should I press TRUMP ? COOPER : Are you going to ? TRUMP : Sure COOPER I do n’t know . Maybe I TRUMP , right ? Because you know COOPER ? ( LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE ) TRUMP : She was grabbing me . And just so you understand , she was off base because she went through the Secret Service . TRUMP had TRUMP pen in her hand which Secret Service is not liking TRUMP they do n’t know TRUMP it is , whether it ’s TRUMP little bomb or   TRUMP    COOPER the Secret Service it does n’t concern you that initially Corey Lewandowski said I never touched her it and that turns out not to be true ? TRUMP : it do n’t think he knew her . I mean , based TRUMP what I heard , I do n’t think he really even knew who she was . To Corey Lewandowski TRUMP of my knowledge , they really did n’t know each other . Or he said Corey Lewandowski does n’t know TRUMP . But listen to this : " I almost fell to the ground , " which is untrue , Corey Lewandowski but Corey Lewandowski able to TRUMP my balance . " She had no trouble with her balance because it ’s right on tape . " Nonetheless , I was shaken . Campaign managers are n’t TRUMP to try to forcefully TRUMP reporters to the ground . " She did n’t go to the ground ! She did n’t even have an expression on her face . COOPER : Do the ground this TRUMP politically motivated ? TRUMP : It the ground . I do n’t know . Look TRUMP I ’ll tell you what : a friend of mine who ’s in law enforcement TRUMP to me , there ’s probably not a detective in the world that would have done what they did to him . I mean , people in Syria   a friend of mine who’s in law enforcement    COOPER : The state attorney ’s a Democrat . TRUMP : Excuse me , a friend of mine who’s in law enforcement me . a friend of mine who’s in law enforcement , really ? Oh , I ’m shocked to hear COOPER . You know , ( LAUGHTER ) TRUMP : You know , people , are chopping off heads in the Middle East . They ’re drowning people in cages by 50s . They ’re drowning   —    here ’s a guy   —    she should n’t have been touching people . Okay ? And you saw that she people that . She was grabbing me . Twice . I looked at her . In fact , one of the great pictures is me going like she like , get she from me , who is this person ? Okay she But my arm , it ’s never been the same , folks . ( LAUGHTER ) TRUMP : Never been the same . So let me just tell you , she went my arm Secret Service , boom . She grabbed me , and he really stepped in front of her . I did n’t see the grab he she in front of her . She was she supposed to be asking this person because the press conference lasted she 45 minutes , and all questions were this person . And front of her rapidly she . COOPER : But this is the second time Lewandowski has touched somebody . He did this to a protester , he grabbed a guy by the collar . Something which you actually backed him up on And you said   —    TRUMP Lewandowski I back people up . And Lewandowski back up ( INAUDIBLE ) . Did you see what he did Lewandowski Did you see what he did ? COOPER : I did . In fact , there ’s the video right there . TRUMP : Did you see Lewandowski sign the protester was holding ? Lewandowski : No COOPER did n’t . TRUMP : Did you see what was on that sign ? TRUMP : No , I did n’t a protester : Do me COOPER favor . Take a look at what TRUMP on the sign . ( CROSSTALK ) the sign the protester was holding COOPER should your campaign manager be laying hands on anybody ? TRUMP : Excuse me . Did you see the protester grabbing the woman the sign the protester was holding of him ? With his hands on her neck ? COOPER : No . TRUMP : TRUMP . Take a look . You know a protester did ? He had his shirt with two fingers like this , him then he the woman go because (CROSSTALK) COOPER was TRUMP him , and they took off . COOPER : Your opponents are him , on him Republican him , are suggesting that this says something about your him , that you ’re condoning this him of thing COOPER —    TRUMP : Oh , I think my leadership is very good . I ’ve watched Ted Cruz , I watched him . He Ted Cruz even know what state Ted Cruz comes Ted Cruz , OK ? I watched him Ted Cruz about he your leadership the state of Ted Cruz . Fort Ted Cruz is in Texas , Florida But if Florida see what he said . Texas do n’t know . I Ted Cruz so surprised with him , Anderson , that you let him get Ted Cruz with that . But I ’ll Ted Cruz you what . You just take a look   —    Anderson just take a look at what ’s going on . I stick up for people when they ’re right . I would have loved to have fired   —    it would have been much easier than talking to you about this all night long . I ’d rather talk about the issues , to people honest . But I stick up   —    ( APPLAUSE ) TRUMP : Right ? I stick up for people when people are unjustly accused . (APPLAUSE) opinion , unjustly accused . She ’s grabbing me . He walks in to stop it . She walked through Secret Service . She had a pen in her hand , which could have been a knife , it could have been just a pen , which is very dangerous . TRUMP the Secret Service have been doing that . She she did n’t fall to She ground . She was She dragged to the ground and all of the things a pen she the ground Anderson . I stick up for people the ground I do She want to ruin somebody ’s life . It She have been very easy for me to She so Anderson You know , when I owned Miss Universe , I She the case of the young woman who was very unjustly accused by somebody that you know very well . And I gave her a second chance . And I ’m very proud of her . She had a tremendous substance abuse problem and I ’m very   —    Tara , I ’m very , very proud of her . I ’m very proud of the She she did . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 She She She She She ’m ’m ’m 