Fox News contributor Meghan McCain will serve as permanent    of the network ’s talk show Outnumbered , Fox News Channel announced Monday . [ The     commentator and daughter of Arizona Sen. John McCain will join    Harris Faulkner and Sandra Smith on the daytime discussion show , along with one rotating male    whom the network refers to as " one lucky guy . "   McCain Arizona Sen. John McCain make her Arizona Sen. John McCain appearance as    on Monday Monday McCain Arizona Sen. John McCain Fox News in 2015 and had previously appeared as a guest host on Outnumbered . She Arizona Sen. John McCain hosted the Pivot Network ’s TakePart Live and authored the 2010 memoir Dirty Sexy Politics and the children ’s book My Dad , John Arizona Sen. John McCain " I feel privileged to have the opportunity to work alongside the strong women on Outnumbered and am excited to join the team as a full time " McCain said Arizona Sen. John McCain a statement . " I ’m grateful for the opportunity to share my unique perspective with viewers on a now daily basis . " McCain has Arizona Sen. John McCain as a political commentator across various programs on the network since 2015 , and has often been critical of     Donald Trump . In an interview with People magazine after the Republican National Convention , McCain said Arizona Sen. John McCain cried Arizona Sen. John McCain the Republican Party made Trump its    Donald Trump the Republican Party : " This is a garbage election with two garbage candidates and America deserves a lot better than this , " she said Arizona Sen. John McCain the time . According to a press release citing Nielsen ratings data , Outnumbered is the top cable news show in its timeslot a press release citing Nielsen ratings data ranked in the top 15 programs overall for the month of October . Also on Monday , the network announced that meteorologist Janice Dean would be joining Fox News Channel ’s Fox and Friends on weekday mornings .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 