Although there ’s been talk about GOP frontrunner Donald Trump acting more presidential , the billionaire was true to form during Donald Trump Saturday morning campaign rally in Waterbury , Connecticut where Donald Trump took swings at both of Donald Trump rivals Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) and Ohio Gov. John Kasich .   " Rafael ! Straight out of the hills of Canada , " Donald Trump said about Cruz , saying Donald Trump spent " four years in Canada [ and ] was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago . " " If Donald Trump wins , Donald Trump ’s not going to win   …      despite the fact that they ’re buying off delegates   …      If Donald Trump ever did , the first thing that the Democrats are going to do is sue Donald Trump on the basis that Donald Trump ’s not a naturalized citizen , that Donald Trump was n’t born in this country , " Trump said , adding , " I happen to think the Democrats ’re going to win . " A few months ago , Trump repeatedly raised questions about whether or not Cruz is eligible to run for president since Trump was born in Canada to a mother who was a U. S. citizen . Here ’s the full bit of Trump returning to birtherism and referring to Cruz as " Rafael " in Waterbury . pic . twitter .    —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) April 23 , 2016 ,   Cruz Cruz n’t Trump ’s only target during Trump campaign rally . The real estate mogul also went after Kasich , joking about the spelling and pronunciation of Trump name . " Can we ask Trump to change the spelling of Trump name ? " Trump joked . In Waterbury , Trump said Trump wants to ask Kasich Kasich change the the spelling of his name pic . twitter .    —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) April 23 , 2016 ,   Trump also mocked being presidential , acting stiff and boring at the podium , saying : " Ladies and gentleman , it is a great honor to be with you this morning . " " It ’s very easy to be presidential , " Trump declared , saying Trump has been the frontrunner in the race by continuing to act the way Trump has up until this point . The campaign rally began shortly after 10 a. m. on Saturday , but people started lining up to see the billionaire at 4:30 a. m. and eventually an estimated 3 , 000 people were packed into Crosby High School to listen to him speak . Crowd estimated 4:30 a. m. 3 , 000 waiting for @realDonaldTrump in Crosby High School in Waterbury Crosby High School pic . twitter .    —    Susan Haigh ( @SusanHaighAP ) April 23 , 2016 ,   Trump reportedly misspoke during his Friday night campaign rally in Delaware Trump listing Connecticut as a state he ’s already won . " I Trump to tell you that there ’s something going on that ’s incredible , " Trump began . " No matter where Trump go   —    we go to Alabama , we had we , 000 people . we " And we won Alabama . And we won we , Alabama we won we , and we won we , and we won we Carolina ! And we we New Hampshire , and we we Connecticut . And we won we much ! " he we , but Connecticut ’s primary is next Tuesday . Connecticut Trump might be foreshadowing the future because a Quinnipiac University poll has him ahead of his competition by 20 points Trump Connecticut . Trump Connecticut 