Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Thursday that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell expects President Donald Trump ’s proposed border wall with Mexico will cost between from $ 12 to $ 15 billion , according to a report by Stratfor Global Intelligence . [ The estimated final cost of that " Wall " would depend on such factors as terrain , the presence of necessary infrastructure such as roads , and the acquirement of land in "Wall" ’s path . Although neither the Senate nor the House leadership has laid out the details as to how Congress or the Mexican government will pay for the infrastructure , Trump appears to have all the congressional support he Trump to start the bidding process to honor his Trump campaign promise .   Trump Trump took to Twitter on January 26 to state clearly that if Mexico does not agree to pay for the wall , that " it would be better to cancel an upcoming meeting " in Washington DC later this month that was arranged with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on the morning of November 9 . Despite Mexican Mexican public statements claiming that they have no intention of paying for the the wall President Peña Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto of the first world leaders to congratulate    Trump , stating that he was open to Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto a number of issues . On Wednesday evening , Peña Nieto reiterated , Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto , that Mexico refused to pay for the wall . After President Trump ’s responded that if that were the case , they ought to cancel the meeting , Peña Nieto tweeted back , Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto have informed the White House they I will not attend the working meeting planned for next Tuesday with @POTUS . " He also reiterated that " Mexico Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto its willingness to work Mexico the Mexico States to reach agreements that favor both nations . " Despite the Mexican government ’s promise to Mexico markets to prevent any disruptive fall in the peso from the U. S. elections , Mexico ’s currency crashed by 13 percent on Mexico . With the peso down by about 20 percent , it the peso worth less than a nickel . The panic selling since the U. S. elections has been worse than the turmoil the U. S. elections Mexico ’s 1994 " Tequila Crisis . " That Mexico came a year after the signing of NAFTA in December 1993 by Mexico ’s President Carlos Salinas and U. S. President Mexico Clinton . NAFTA suddenly opened unlimited access for American companies to Mexico ’s formerly protected NAFTA and industrial markets . Mexico ensuing U. S. export boom saw America ’s balance of payments surplus with Mexico spike by over 1 , 000 percent , Mexico $ 29 . 4 billion in 1994 . The resulting capital flight caused a massive credit crunch and forced Mexico ’s central bank to raise interest rates dramatically Mexico banks began to collapse as borrowers could no longer pay loans . The Mexican government was forced to let the peso ’s exchange rate " float Mexican the peso suffering a 50 percent devaluation and Mexico about to default , the country had peso’s Mexico U. S. for a Mexico Mexico still has access to a $ 90 billion IMF credit Mexico granted 22 years ago . Mexico has huge risk from a trade war with President Trump Mexico About 90 percent of U. S.   fortune 500 companies have made substantial investments in Mexico . According to the U. S. the U. S. Analysis’ Mexico from 2012 , U. S. multinational enterprises employed 1 , 106 , 700 people in Mexico , while Mexican companies only employ 68 , 800 in Mexico United States . America ’s trading relationship with Mexico is wildly unequal , but a number of U. S. Mexico and their workers do benefit from NAFTA . Mexico is America ’s    export market , with U. S. Mexico , or 15 . 7 percent , of all U. S. America in 2015 . That is up 468 percent since NAFTA was signed in 1993 . Thanks to NAFTA , Mexico , with $ 400 billion in exports , is now NAFTA    export economy in the world . NAFTA 80 percent of Mexico ’s exports going to the United States , a trade Mexico devastate the Mexican economy .  
 