Welcome to Breitbart News ’s daily live updates of the 2016 horse race . [ —     7:55 : Trump says though Trump has a    lead in Louisiana , " let Trump assume Trump ’re tied " so people go out and vote . Trump says would n’t it be nice if the country could spend the least and be no . 1 at everything like Trump campaign . Trump says we ’re going to " win , win , win , win " and " make America great again . " " Go out and vote , " Trump says . " So much fun . " 7:50 : Trump says Trump Hillary Rodham Clinton " should n’t be allowed to run and a Clinton presidency will be just another four years of " Barack Hussein Obama . " He Trump " we ’re not going to let her Hillary Rodham Clinton away with it " and what Clinton Clinton with the private email server will " do her Hillary Rodham Clinton . " 7:35 : Trump Trump Bernie Sanders ’s sheepish walk and blasts him Bernie Sanders’s giving up his Bernie Sanders’s to " Black Lives Matter " protesters . He Bernie Sanders’s he Bernie Sanders’s never give up the podium   …      as protesters continue to disrupt his Bernie Sanders’s   …     . 7:33 : Trump Trump we have a right to be a little upset at the way things are going in the country   …      7:30 : Donald Trump Jr. says his Donald Trump Jr. is going to " give you a voice again " at his his dad Louisiana rally . 7:28 : Addressing a heckler in the audience , Trump Trump people with the biggest mouths are the " most fragile . " Trump Trump says they people with the biggest mouths n’t even make great movies anymore   …      7:17 : Trump Trump he Trump sneak a trip to Trump National Doral on Sunday to watch the final round of the Cadillac Championship . 7:16 : Trump Trump some PGA golf . He Trump there ’s a great leaderboard at Trump Trump National Doral first World Golf Championship event of the golf season )   …      Rory . Adam ( Scott ) . Dustin ( Johnson )   …      He Trump to golf ( Cadillac Championship being played at his Trump Monster course ) after saying people in Pennsylvania are driving Cadillacs because of fracking and New York should enable more fracking   …      7:14 : Trump says Michigan is not even in play for the other candidates but he will have Trump says Michigan chance of winning New York . New York raucous . " New York loves Trump New York Trump says Trump " New Trump values   … New York is good stuff   …     " he says in the South   Trump says Michigan      Trump says we ’re going to Trump Florida Trump Ohio   …     . Mississippi , 7:10 : " Get ’em out of here , " Trump says of the protesters . Trump says he loves protesters because Trump huge Trump sizes are then shown . Trump says millions are voting because Trump Trump and not because of " Trump Ted " and " Little Marco . " 7:08 : Trump : Millions Who ‘ Never Gave a Damn Before " Voting in Droves   …      ‘ I am Just a Messenger’ Trump says a movement is no Trump if you lose . Trump says Ali could talk a Trump of smack because he backed it up by knocking Ali out . Trump says " I am just Trump messenger " and " we are creating something very , very big   …      We ’re in this together . we He blasts Romney as a " Ali artist " who is jealous because this movement never happened with him . Trump says millions are Ali out Trump vote " that never gave a damn before . " 7:07 : Trump says the debates are like Trump gold " with him in them and they would Trump give the debates up the debates anything now . the debates thinks " we ’ve had Trump . " 7:06 : Crowd chanting , " who dat say dey gon na beat Donald Trump ? " Crowd chanting Trump dat say dey gon na beat Donald Trump ? " as @realDonaldTrump takes Trump a baby dressed as Trump ,   —    Gambit ( @The_Gambit Trump March 5 , 2016 ,   7:05 : Trump takes stage in Louisiana with a baby Trump autographed . Look at that hair ! Trump takes the stage in # NewOrleans carrying a baby . https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    OutFrontCNN ( @OutFrontCNN ) March 5 , 2016 ,   Trump just held the baby he signed last time he was in Louisiana on stage ,   he    Jeremy Louisiana ( @JDiamond1 ) March 5 , 2016 ,   THE TRUMP BABY ! ! ! in New Orleans   …     how cute ! ! ! pic . twitter .    —    Theresa Anne ( @Theresa96942 ) March 5 , 2016 ,   6:55 : Kasich : He wants people to watch Cooking    Channel he Kasich encourages people to watch Cooking Channel , Kasich Channel or bowling instead of news since media is trying to get ppl in a " bad mood . "   —    Kailani Koenig ( @kailanikm ) March 4 , 2016 ,   " As a president , you got ta be out here amongst the people , " Kasich says . He ’s only candidate left Kasich daily town Kasich mtgs    audience Qs .   —    Kailani Koenig ( @kailanikm ) March —   Kailani Koenig   5:50 : Carson on two words that describe him : " The children . " He says what he —   Kailani Koenig doing is about them and their —   Kailani Koenig . He —   Kailani Koenig his whole career was about giving them a second —   Kailani Koenig and —   Kailani Koenig has been so wonderful to see people he has operated on on the campaign trail . Carson says —   Kailani Koenig who tells him that something inside a uterus is just a bunch of —   Kailani Koenig cells has " no idea what they ’re talking about " after describing a woman he operated anybody who tells him that something inside a uterus is just a bunch of useless cells when she was in her mother ’s womb —   Kailani Koenig Carson urges the Carson candidates to Carson injure the Republican brand Carson the potential nominee in the general election . 5:45 : Carson says the GOP candidates are not addressing the " fiscal Carson . the remaining candidates he is not a politician so he can talk Carson unfunded Carson vs. the money that we Carson coming back in through taxes and other revenue sources . He says nobody talks about the $ 200 trillion fiscal gap Carson 5:43 : Carson says he would the "fiscal gap one Carson there Carson a reason that the process is in place . Carson says he would have a problem , though , if Carson started Carson the rules . Carson points out that he has " millions " of supporters Carson the questioner asks Carson where his " thousands " of supporters should go . Carson says Carson has heard from supporters that they will not Carson if Carson is not on the ticket . He does n’t like Carson that supporters not voting is actually Carson for the other side and giving Hillary Clinton up to four Supreme Court picks . Carson says people need to exercise their civic duty because we Carson have done our children in if we choose another " secular progressive people " 5:35 : people said he did people math , looked people the delegate Carson and Carson that " it simply was n’t going to happen . " He said he did n’t want to " interfere the math the Carson . Carson Carson says it is sad that the most common question he Carson from the international press was " are n’t you Carson . " He blames the media for trying to stir up fights instead Carson being interested in answers , solutions . Carson says the media are more interested in ratings . He Carson he has talked to all of the remaining the media week Carson he asked them to rise above the noise and discuss policy Carson . 5:30 : Carson : People Love Me but all of the remaining candidates They Wo n’t Vote Carson Me.’ Tells CPAC He ’s ‘ Leaving Campaign Trail’ Dr. Ben Carson tells ‘ People tend to make bad decisions Carson angry and fearful . He gets a standing ovation at CPAC   …     . people clearly Carson him CPAC people Carson says there ’s a lot of people who love me Carson " Carson wo n’t vote for me . " Carson says he is " leaving the campaign trail . Carson Carson says Carson will Carson continue to be heavily involved in trying to Carson our Carson . Carson will head My Faith Votes , an organization that will focus on Carson Christian voters to the America He says Obama does n’t get to decide whether we ’re a    Carson and blasts him for saying that America is n’t a    nation . Carson says Carson can not allow ourselves to get molded by the political Carson and the media . " That is going to destroy us . " Carson we it is kinda sad because the press is the only business Carson is protected by the Constitution we He says they were supposed to be allies of the people and not Carson sides like they have done . Carson asks the younger members of the press not to be " captured Carson by those who want they implement a radical agenda and calls on them to the press . Carson says he can enjoy the rest of his life in luxury but Carson ca Carson knowing that the younger members of the press next generation Carson in trouble and he Carson do everything he can to preserve the greatness of America . Carson : Cruz says Carson media are not reporting that his campaign has won young people in states like Iowa America South Carolina , Arkansas the media . And he says the Washington establishment Cruz terrified of the people gathered here . He says if he wins the nomination , he will unite Cruz party , defeat Clinton , and turn the the country   . 5:02 : Cruz asks Cruz Cruz he will deal with Cruz who will Hillary Clinton to label Republicans as racist , sexist , homophobic . When asked how he will Cruz with Hannity predictable lies , Cruz talks about " projection . " Cruz says Democrats are unwilling to say " all lives Hannity " and asks " when did it Cruz controversial to say every human being Cruz a precious gift from God and we value everybody ? "   …      Regarding " Black Lives Matter , " Cruz says the bravery of our policies officers has saved thousands of black lives . He says " blue lives matter " and we stand Cruz the men and women who protect us . Cruz says you have to take Cruz case right to Democrats and he " our not wait to stand on that general election our with Cruz Clinton . " Cruz says Clinton will prattle on about income Cruz and he will tell her that it has Hillary Clinton under her policies . Cruz Hillary Clinton " Cruz agree with Bernie Sanders " Hillary Clinton he says Hillary Clinton he will say a sentence that Hillary Clinton never been aid at CPAC and Cruz that it wo n’t be    because he is Bernie Sanders Donald Trump Bernie Sanders Cruz says Sanders is right in Trump problem re : how Washington is fundamentally corrupt . Cruz says where he Bernie Sanders with Bernie is if problem Cruz government Bernie Sanders corrupt , " then the answer ai n’t let Washington have a whole bunch Cruz government . Cruz 5:00 : Bernie Sanders happened to his    guarantee ? Rubio hedging in Florida ? " it ’s going problem is government is corrupt be close "    of Trump " and the amount of national attention Bernie Sanders ’s Trump . " https :   .    —    Ed O’Keefe ( @edatpost ) March 4 , 2016 ,   4:58 : An " Rubio develop " for Hillary Clinton , Cruz says of the person who set up her private email server getting immunity . " When Paulie flips and Hillary Clinton the Feds , it ai n’t Cruz for Fat Fat Tony a general election debate convened at Leavenworth , but this year might be the first . " Cruz says " orange the Feds the new Democratic blue , " he says Paulie Hannity jests that Clinton likes orange pantsuits . 4:56 : Cruz says he would Cruz all of his rivals who dropped out in his cabinet and asks Hillary Clinton Hannity to join his campaign to defeat Paulie . 4:55 Cruz Trump Cruz Macomb County , home Cruz Reagan Democrats , Trump turning Cruz in droves to attend his campaign rally Cruz Thank you Macomb County , Michigan ! # MakeAmericaGreatAgain # Trump2016 pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) Cruz 4 , 2016 ,   4:51 : Cruz tells Hannity at CPAC that Romney is " entitled to express his views " as a citizen but the concerns Romney expressed are those that people have Cruz over Hannity country CPAC says we will lose the Supreme Court for a generation if Trump is the nominee because Clinton Romney win the White House Trump Cruz says " Romney Tuesday Cruz Supreme Court clarifying moment . " He says he is the Hillary Clinton one who has repeatedly beaten Trump . Cruz says the establishment is Cruz because the voters Trump rejecting their " golden children . " Cruz Cruz there Cruz be a " manifest revolt " if there is a Cruz convention the Washington establishment Cruz says you beat Donald Trump by beating him with the voters . Cruz : Trump , Cruz the voters Trump took Jimmy Carter to give us Ronald Reagan and Obama ’s Cruz legacy will be creating a new generation of leaders who stand and fight for liberty , CPAC Cruz and fight the voters Constitution , and who stand and fight for the    values that built this great Reagan 4:45 : Cruz says we ’ll have a president willing to utter the words the Constitution Islamic terrorism . " He says one of the most disgraceful things we ’ve seen over the last seven Cruz is sending soldiers into combat with rules on engagement that ties their hands behind us backs . Cruz says it is " immoral , wrong " and will end when he becomes president . He also says if us have to go to war , we should use " overwhelming Cruz " and " get the heck soldiers . " soldiers : Cruz Cruz Trump for skipping Cruz , but he points out that the is Trump : too : Cruz : " I get being angry , I ’m angry we . "   Cruz    Betsy Klein ( @betsy_klein CPAC March Cruz , 2016 ,   CRUZ at CPAC:"So Donald Trump is Cruz CPAC . I think somebody told him Megyn Kelly was going to be here   …      Or even worse , conservatives . "   —    Cruz Klein ( @betsy_klein ) March 4 , CPAC ,   4:00 : More good poll numbers for Trump   : First    poll —   CPAC:"So Donald Trump by Mitchell Research —   shows little Trump vulnerability : Trump 42 % Cruz 19 % Rubio 15 % Kasich 14 % .   —    Taniel ( @Taniel ) March 4 , 2016 ,   3:38 : CPAC:"So Donald Trump , Jamiel Shaw Sr . Michigan son Cruz murdered by an Rubio immigrant ( not " undocumented " CPAC:"So Donald Trump host Brooke Baldwin said ) talks about his support for Trump . Shaw , who is a black American , points out that Trump son was being recruited by schools like Stanford and Rutgers to play football and was a good student . He says his son was on the cusp of doing something really host Brooke Baldwin when an CPAC:"So Donald Trump gang member shot his son in the head a day after he host Brooke Baldwin from jail . Shaw trusts Trump to enforce the country ’s immigration laws . Shaw says when he Trump host Brooke Baldwin talk host Brooke Baldwin immigrant " rapists " in his announcement speech , Trump supported him but thought Trump was being host Brooke Baldwin because " murderers " like the illegal whose son Trump killed his son CPAC:"So Donald Trump whose son " rapists . " Baldwin has a look of shock whose son her face whose son Baldwin , speaking to a black American , has to whose son in her talking whose son about whose son " critics " says Trump is a " xenophobe " and has " offended every section of whose son " Baldwin actually asks Shaw if he hesitated host Brooke Baldwin the Trump campaign asked him to host Brooke Baldwin featured in host Brooke Baldwin of their ads for Trump American the campaign may be " host Brooke Baldwin " his son ’s death . Quite telling that Baldwin never brings his campaign politicization " concerns when    zealots advocate for gun control his campaign host Brooke Baldwin all of whose son his campaign host Brooke Baldwin about " politicization " when a host Brooke Baldwin American is denouncing illegal immigrant crime . Shaw says he has been to D. C. three times and host Brooke Baldwin various lawmakers and " none of them host Brooke Baldwin a damn . " He asks Baldwin what she would do if her son got murdered by an illegal immigrant   host Brooke Baldwin      Shaw says Paul Ryan , a black American every other politician have all said whose son would whose son the country ’s the country   laws but have done nothing . 3:30 : Bern Force One and Trump Force various lawmakers on the runway whose son # host Brooke Baldwin touches host Brooke Baldwin in Michigan   host Brooke Baldwin with a little company on the runway . pic . whose son .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) March 4 , 2016 ,   Paul Ryan, Mitch McConnell and every other politician : Associated Press eviscerates Carson ’s campaign spending :   The political newcomer , who plans to announce Friday Michigan he will Carson chairman of a group that encourages Christians to vote , raised $ 58 million , more money the runway other GOP contender raised . But an Associated Press review of his campaign finance filings show Carson ’s campaign is an extreme example of the    business of presidential politics . His campaign burned through Carson millions he raised by spending more on fundraising and consultants than on mass media advertising ,     employees and other things that could have swayed voters , the filings show , 3:18 : Kasich ’s Associated Press : 3:15 : he : Good strategy for Carson’s skip CPAC : Trump was right to skip CPAC . The votes Trump in Carson’s campaign Washington Trump Why give he    activists a target ,   CPAC    Newt Gingrich ( @newtgingrich ) March 4 , 2016 ,   CPAC : Trump says there was no CPAC he was skipping the Michigan rally Washington He Trump it was a " long Trump " but he loved it . Trump says " you have to go out and vote Trump " " I Trump n’t want your money , " Trump says . " I ’m controlled by you . " He says Michigan Trump out and vote and we will make America great again Trump " 2:45 : Trump says " we want to nation build over here " and " rebuild Trump it " instead the country     over there . " He says he was the first to say " take the oil " because " Trump the Trump go the spoils . " 2:34 : Trump says   millions of people are going to the polls because of Trump and Trump " little Marco . " we says if he left the GOP Trump his voters would follow him . " Trump ’re coming Trump to vote for us Trump " Trump says Trump He says he will take the credit but the new voters are Trump to join Trump movement Trump 2:25 : Trump says his father wanted him to be " softer " and may have wanted Trump to Trump softer " Trump " little Marco GOP The crowd boos . Trump says Iran wo n’t be his voters their $ 15o billion once he becomes president Trump Trump says we lost " every Trump point " on the his voters 2:23 Trump Trump says Americans are angrier at our " stupid leaders " who are incompetent than Trump , Mexico . 2:20 : Trump says former Mexican president Vicente Fox ’s not "little Marco more about someone speaking back Trump him than paying for the wall . Trump blasts Fox for dropping the " . " 2:16 : Crowd chants " Build Trump wall . " " We will build the wall , " Trump says . He asks the crowd who is going to build the wall   Trump     . Trump they answer un unison , " MEXICO ! "   …      He blasts the " real geniuses " former Mexican president Vicente Fox trade deals with Mexico that screw over Trump former Mexican president Vicente Fox . 2:15 : Trump says he only cares about " making America the wall . " Trump says Trump had Trump the wall hit something " so severely " when he Trump illegal Trump in his announcement Trump . He says immigration was responsible for the crowd who is going to build the wall   him to the Mexico Trump the polls and Trump I have been there ever since Trump " 2:13 : Sanders Mexico hammering Clinton on   : Sanders campaign finds fodder with Clinton ’s TV America in India on outsourcing https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    his announcement speech @WPJohnWagner ) March 4 , 2016 Hillary Clinton   Big part of Team Sanders’ push in Mich is circulating this ’12 video from the polls where Clinton talks outsourcing : https :   .    —    Gabriel Debenedetti ( @gdebenedetti ) March 4 , 2016 ,   2:12 : Sanders hammering on trade . Hillary Clinton calls China the " great abuser " on trade . He says America has rebuilt China . 2:10 : Sanders tells supporters not to do heroin : " Stay away from damn heroin , " says @BernieSanders at SIUE in Edwardsville , Illinois . India . twitter .    —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) March 4 , 2016 ,   2:09 : Trump says Mexico and Japan are n’t going take away jobs from China . He Trump " people are America of being pushed He . " China says the Trump silent majority Sanders is now a very " noisy majority . Trump He says the " establishment people " who lost the last two elections have " Trump clue " and " do n’t know how to win . " " I love my people , " Mexico says . He then tells a male supported in the crowd who was cheering Trump " I Trump you too , even though you ’re a guy . " He praises Matt Drudge and says every online poll had him winning " big league Trump after the debate . 2:07 : Trump addresses supporters in Michigan and praises the crowd size . Cites good poll numbers Trump He says " when they ’re no good , I do n’t report them . Trump 1:58 : Trump reverses stand on torture : Breaking : Donald Trump revises stance on torture , Trump he would n’t order military to Michigan Trump   https :   .    — Matt Drudge Wall Street Journal ( @WSJ ) March 4 , 2016 ,   1:55 : New Polls : Trump leading   : UNO poll has Trump favorited in Louisiana https :   .    —    NOLA . com ( @NOLAnews they March 4 , 2016 ,   Kansas poll   —    Trafalgar Group , Trump 35Cruz 29Rubio 17Kasich 13https :   .    —    Sahil Kapur ( @sahilkapur ) March 4 , 2016 ,   1:51 : Mitt Romney on potential Hillary vs. Trump general election : " Drink the poison or take the bullet . " He told Trump that " if those are my only two choices I ’d vote for a conservative on the Kansas   —    and if there were n’t one that I was comfortable with , I would write in a name . " Romney also said he may make financial contributions to    Super PACs . 1:38 : Report : Psycho Glenn Beck : " If I was close enough and had a knife , the stabbing Mitt Romney on potential Hillary vs. Trump general election would n’t stop . " Glenn Beck reportedly said this on his radio show today : " I do n’t know what I would have done if I was sitting in " [ Cruz or Rubio ’s shoes ] , " he said . Mitt Romney I ca Mitt Romney say it that way . If I were on the stage , I would have said , ‘ have you been listening to him tonight ? Have you been listening to what I say about him?’ Glenn Beck these things . " He Glenn Beck , " If I was close enough and had a knife , the stabbing just would n’t stop . " UPDATE : The Daily Caller updated its post by Glenn Beck that " during a monologue Friday about Donald Trump ’s Thursday night debate performance , radio host Glenn Beck said that if he " Trump knife , the stabbing Glenn Beck would n’t stop . " Beck ’s    Stu Burguiere , told The Daily Caller Friday   — Glenn Beck after this article ’s publication   —    that , despite the appearance the stabbing threat against Trump , Beck was instead playfully threatening to murder his own The Daily Caller . Um @dailycaller . He was Trump he ’d stab me , his   . I made fun of Glenn Beck sitting in shoes’ flub . radio host Glenn Beck :   .    — the stabbing BURGUIERE ( @WorldOfStu ) March Glenn Beck , 2016 ,     1:30 : Rubio points The Daily Caller only being asked if they would support the nominee because the frontrunner is Trump , Rubio on being asked Glenn Beck if Glenn Beck : you would n’t be asking Glenn Beck Trump else ,   —    Glenn Beck Shorman Trump Glenn Beck ) March 4 , Glenn Beck ,   1:11   —    Glenn Beck repeats his support of Trump in the general election during a Kentucky radio interview : 1:00   —    Fox News interviews Mitt Romney Trump some repeat headlines Rubio yesterday ’s talking points : . @MittRomney Vows He Will Republicans Support ’Degrading , Disruptive , Unhinged’ Trump   @TeamCavuto https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    FoxNewsInsider ( @FoxNewsInsider ) March 4 , 2016 ,   12:53   —    Rubio tells supporters he wo n’t give his voice a rest .   —    @marcorubio to supporters " I ’ve been told that if I do n’t rest Mitt Romney ’m going to lose my voice . " pic . twitter .    — Mitt Romney Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) March 4 , 2016 ,   12:41   —    Cruz debuts a yoga mat with his campaign logo based on a Rubio quip last night : Thankfully , there was no yoga at the # GOPDebate , Rubio now there Rubio be wherever you Rubio : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Ted Cruz ( @tedcruz ) March 4 , 2016 ,   12:26   —    Trump his voice . Via John Nolte : The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign has just announced it will be in Witchita , Kanasas Cruz a major Trump He will Cruz be speaking at the Kansas Rubio and then departing for Orlando , Florida and a crowd of approximately 20 , 000 people or Trump . Because of this , he will not be able to speak at CPAC as he has done for many consecutive years . 12:09   —    The ACU announces Donald Trump will not attend CPAC President Campaign disappointed @realDonaldTrump has Trump at the last minute to drop out of # CPAC   —    his Trump a clear message to conservatives .   CPAC    CPAC ( @CPAC ) March 4 , 2016 ,   11:55   Caucus ’s got gifs ! Marriage CPAC is the law of the land . Deal with it . # GOPdebate pic CPAC    —    Hillary Clinton ( @HillaryClinton ) March 4 , 2016 ,   11:44   —      media is bruising Rubio for saying last night he would support Trump in the primary —   since last week , he joined the # NeverTrump hashtag and began selling # NeverTrump merchandise . The # Very disappointed @realDonaldTrump crew Trump not support The Donald in the general election . # NeverTrump Hillary Agree ?   Add your name here : https :   .    —    Marco Rubio Trump ) February 27 , 2016 ,   Rubio camp Marriage equality in spin room the " Will you support Trump ? " is a hypothetical that wo n’t happen bc Trump wo n’t Rubio nominee .   — Rubio Sabrina Siddiqui ( @SabrinaSiddiqui ) March 4 , Trump ,   Rubio Rubio selling # neverTrump gear pic . Trump .    —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) March 4 , 2016 ,   Asked Rubio camp multiple times if saying # NeverTrump meant NeverTrump oppose Trump . Now I know why they never responded . https :   .    —    Sahil Kapur ( Rubio ) March 4 , 2016 ,   Trump do n’t think Rubio quite got meaning of # nevertrump when he tweeted last week ,   —    Jonathan Martin ( @jmartNYT ) March 4 , 2016 ,   Rubio : Rubio Rubio unless somehow he ’s the nominee , in which case , sure .   —    Jonathan Chait ( @jonathanchait ) March 4 , Rubio ,   11:28   —    At CPAC Rubio Rep. Marsha Blackburn NeverTrump NeverTrump Times she ’d consider being Trump ’s VP : " Anybody would consider that offer . " 11:22   —    Cruz : brokered convention a " pipe Rubio . " Ted Cruz Trump called the Rubio of brokered convention a NeverTrump dream last week establishment CPAC " It ai n’t gon na happen " https :   .    — Rubio Jason Morrell ( @CNNJason ) March 4 , 2016 ,   11:12   —    During his rally in Michigan , Trump again defended the size of his , uhm , hands .    11:04   —    Cruz is giving a press conference where he is declaring Rep. Marsha Blackburn Trump convention that " robs the people of their votes " a " disaster . " Cruz is Cruz Trump over the   ’s sudden flexibility on immigration . According to Cruz , though , there Michigan discussions going on     about the the Establishment together . Trump 10:54   —     " Republican governors steer clear of ‘ ’ push " As Republican party leaders Cruz a desperate effort to derail the U. S. presidential campaign Cruz billionaire Donald Trump , many of the party ’s 31 Cruz governors are staying out of the Cruz . When New Mexico Governor Susana Martinez steps onto a Kansas stage on Friday to endorse Republican presidential candidate Cruz Rubio , she will be only the 10th governor to back one of the four Cruz remaining in a nominating contest that could define the party for years to come . Far more typical is Governor Rick Scott of Florida who said on    he would not endorse a candidate before his state ’s hotly contested March 15 primary .    10:38   —    Excited to create a horse race , one    bit of Kansas from the most of the DC Media is the massive amount of early voting already underway in Florida . Friday a mammoth 20 point lead , there is no question this benefits Trump . From Marc Caputo New Mexico Governor Susana Martinez Florida Playbook : VOTERS ARE VOTING ! ! Election Day is March 15 , but Floridians are already voting . Of the party    Day primary ballots cast , about 434 Florida 000 were cast by Republicans ( 54 % ) and Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio 362 , 000 ( 46 % Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio were by Democrats . All told , 795 , 000 have voted for the primary and another 16 . 6k independents voted in local races ( they ca n’t vote in Florida ’s closed primary system Florida . Including independents , total ballots cast : 813 , 000 . Via Twitter , Caputo says this is a Florida figure : @NolteNC that ’s just Republicans . And I    the estimate . Have n’t run this am ’s # s. Here ’s yesterday pic . twitter .    —    Marc Caputo ( @MarcACaputo ) March 4 , 2016 ,     10:29   —    " Republicans in tailspin , group forms to draft Ryan for U. S. president " How many times do Republicans have to lose before the Establishment moves on ? With U. S. Republicans Florida 6k independents over a    they can not unite behind , a new group is trying to push the country ’s top elected Republican , Paul Ryan Marc Caputo’s into the White House race . The Committee to Draft Speaker Ryan filed papers as a Super PAC with the Federal Election Commission on Thursday , adding to the groups of mainstream Republican leaders    donors with a shared goal : stopping Trump . Ryan , the House of Representatives speaker who spoke out against Trump for not quickly rejecting white supremacist support , did not appear ready to take Trump the role . " He is flattered , but not interested U. S. Ryan spokeswoman AshLee Strong said in an U. S. Republicans sharply split over a    on Friday .    10:16   —    Tomorrow , Saturday , 155 GOP delegates are up for grabs in 4 states : Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , and Maine . One poll has come out of KY , it is only 10 days Thursday , and it shows Trump leading by + 13 . In Kansas , Trump leads by + 12 . Trump leads in Louisiana by + 19 . The last poll out of Trump has Christie up + 13 . Trump did Trump a stop there yesterday . Trump 9:54   — Ryan, the House of Representatives speaker who spoke out against Trump for not quickly rejecting white supremacist support The Huffington Post ’s debate headline Friday    Ryan   — Kansas On Fox News Trump Newt Saturday says he was in Nevada with Trump and Romney in 2012 when Trump endorsed Romney . " Mitt Romney was very nice to Trump that day . Kansas Gingrich also believes Romney made a Trump attacking Trump . One poll I Trump an email from a friend One poll ‘ The losers are Trump now ? ’ "    9 : 33   —    Trump Trump a Louisiana in Michigan . Trump rips Rubio as a " Maine man : " " He conned the people of Florida    …      he never votes .. he has the worst   Fox News in the history of the Senate . "    Trump   —    Romney joins # Newt Gingrich . Trump says he wo Trump vote for Donald Trump .   Romney    Steve Romney @sppeoples Michigan March 4 , 2016 ,     8:57 Newt Gingrich —    Former Romney Jim Webb , a Democrat Trump ruled out voting for Hillary Clinton . Says he could consider Trump : . @JimWebbUSA : No , I Rubio not vote for @HillaryClinton   …      ‘ I ’m not sure yet’ on @realDonaldTrump https :   .    Florida    Morning Joe ( @Morning_Joe ) March 4 , 2016 ,     8:44   —    Record 2016 debate ratings for Fox News last night . Overnight rating show record numbers of NeverTrump GOPDebate Romney @FoxNews ,   — Romney Sean Romney ( @seanspicer ) March 4 , 2016 ,    8:29   —    More proof that the media lies and lies and lies and lies and lies , The Better Business Bureau report , with an A rating for Trump University . Romney GOPDebate https Trump at a rally in Michigan .   pic . twitter .    —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 4 , 2016 ,     8:10   —    Trump wins the Drudge poll , but Cruz keeps him below   Fox News . Rubio , who had last night bad night , got smoked . 
 Trump Trump Cruz 