Sunday on CNN ’s " Reliable Sources , " host Brian Stelter admitted there were flaws of the media in the media coverage of the presidential election , in particular not foreseeing the victory of    Donald Trump .   Transcript as follows : First , something little different . Before I get to the tease , before I tell you about the great show we have in store today , let we level with each other . Tuesday night was the culmination of one of the biggest media failures in many years . Most journalists heading into Tuesday night believing Hillary Clinton would be elected president at the end of Tuesday night . And most viewers had the same impression . You can see in this    election data most viewers , most Americans believed Clinton Hillary Clinton win . Now this did not occur in a vacuum . The Donald Trump campaign also thought it was likely to lose . Wall Street thought Trump Donald Trump lose , too . But chalking all of this up to a surprise victory is not enough . This this a collective failure   —    a failure of imagination . In some ways , a mass delusion . And the media contributed to it . So , now , it it time for some serious soul searching . Look , I do n’t subscribe to the argument that TV networks gave Trump Donald Trump much attention and that ’s the main reason why he ’s president , nor do I subscribe to the argument that reporters ignored Trump Donald Trump America . There were outstanding reports and    cable news debate this is year . But I know that some of you watching right now are having a very hard time trusting this channel and every other news source . So , we on the other side of the screen over here have to reckon with that , not just for a week or two but for the long term . I have heard from thousands of you this week on Facebook , on Twitter , on    all over the place , and some of you feel like the media paved the way for a madman to become president . Others of you feel like journalism is completely irrelevant now . Still , others of you feel like the media bias tilted the race in one direction or the other . Many of you you wondering who and what you can trust . So , the bottom line is , there are lessons to be learned if we are willing to learn them lessons to be learned if we are willing to learn them Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 