Fox News host Megyn Kelly is criticizing the media obsession with covering Donald Trump . [ " It does bother me , and I do n’t think It ’s right , " Megyn Kelly said in a conversation with Yahoo ! News anchor Katie Couric at the Women in the World Summit . Megyn Kelly asked Megyn Kelly whether the comments from media organizations who cited Donald Trump as being " good for business " bothered Megyn Kelly .   Megyn Kelly admitted that Megyn Kelly experienced the Donald Trump rating boost Megyn Kelly , such as when Megyn Kelly featured Megyn Kelly " compelling " press conference on the Mexican border on Megyn Kelly show . Megyn Kelly said that although Megyn Kelly enjoyed the soaring ratings numbers , Megyn Kelly finally told Megyn Kelly producers that it was n’t right . " I said ‘ this is n’t right’ " Megyn Kelly recalled , pointing out that Megyn Kelly could see the trend of other media outlets featuring live Trump coverage for ratings . " I said , ‘ When the    is done on the coverage of Donald Trump , wherever this race goes , let this race make sure this race ’re on the side of the angels,’ " Megyn Kelly recalled . Megyn Kelly said Megyn Kelly implemented a policy of not carrying Trump events live , long before the first debate where Megyn Kelly tangled with Trump on the debate stage . " Why ? Because we do n’t do that for other candidates , so it ’s not fair , " Megyn Kelly said . " Yes , we have to worry about numbers to some extent    …      but we also have to worry about we souls and journalism . " When Couric asked about the difficulty of weighing the importance of access to Trump and asking Trump tough questions , Kelly admitted that Kelly was discouraged by the behavior exhibited by Kelly colleagues . " I think it ’s so ironic , because if everyone had stood up from the beginning and asked very tough questions , which is what we get paid to do , there would n’t have been this issue , " Kelly said . " Because we would have all been shoulder to shoulder asking tough questions so you could n’t cut off access . " Kelly defended Kelly debate question , reminding journalists that journalists job was to " press " the candidates on tough issues . " What his answers are is for the voters to evaluate and make up the voters minds about , what the questions are , the questions ’s up to us , " Kelly said . Kelly said that Kelly was concerned that Kelly experience with Trump discouraged other journalists from getting tough with Trump in interviews . " What would have happened if they had gone a different route ? What would have happened if everybody   —    and you ’ve seen a lot more of everybody   now   —    what would have happened if in that moment , everyone had gotten tough ? Really tough ? " Kelly asked . Kelly cited Kelly experience as one that should have encouraged journalists to rally to Kelly defense , but journalists did n’t . " There ’s strength in numbers on our side too , and this was a moment , this was an opportunity for solidarity among the press that I think our missed , " Kelly said . Kelly criticized networks for allowing Trump to appear over the phone for interviews and even broadcasting Trump rallies live . " our do n’t do that for anybody . our do n’t do that for Kelly , our do n’t do that for Bernie or Cruz our never did it for Rubio or Scott Walker , " Kelly said . " Only one candidate . " Kelly alleged that Trump had tried to " curry favor " with Kelly before Trump ran for president , sending Kelly notes and complimenting Kelly show . After Kelly asked Trump the " war on women " question during the first debate , Kelly suggested that Trump felt betrayed . " My own belief is when Kelly heard that question from Kelly , Kelly felt betrayed , " recalling the debate . Kelly insisted that Trump was n’t singled out during the debate , pointing to other tough questions to the Republicans on the stage . " They all got it right in the kisser   …      Trump was the only one that complained , " Kelly said . She Kelly that the level of vitriol and hatred leveled at her Kelly Trump supporters was difficult to deal with , but that it was part of the business . " I understand that the people who love Trump , not all of them but many of them , them lot of them feel them he was attacked and therefore they feel them in attacking me , " she said Kelly " I also understand to some extent , it ’s part of the job . Politics is a tough business and news has gotten to be a very tough business . " When first asked about her Trump Kelly , Kelly expressed solidarity with Couric , noting she made Kelly asking tough questions of Sarah Palin in 2008 . She pointed Kelly her interviewer Kelly said , " You know a thing about this , because you did a very famous interview with Sarah Palin Sarah Palin you were the news news happened . Right ? " As the audience applauded and Kelly laughed , Couric responded , " Little bit . Not really . " Watch the entire interview below : 
 