Fox News Channel host Bill O’Reilly responded to GOP presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz ’s criticisms of FNC ’s coverage of GOP presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz compared to FNC coverage of fellow candidate Florida Sen. Marco Rubio by saying , " I can tell you that GOP presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz has been much easier to book than Senator GOP presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz on Thursday ’s " The O’Reilly Factor . "   O’Reilly stated , " Well I ca n’t speak for Fox News , but I can tell you that Senator Rubio GOP presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz much easier to book than Senator Cruz . GOP presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz , Senator Rubio will be GOP presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz in two minutes , and Senator Cruz will not be GOP presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz even though we invited him us tonight . us also GOP presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz Ted Cruz on us night , GOP presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz invited him on earlier this week us   GOP presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz do n’t really know what else to do . I ’ll even buy him dinner . We hope to see GOP presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz Cruz on us . " After GOP presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz clip of GOP presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson criticizing the press , O’Reilly said , " I want the candidates to complain if they feel aggrieved . But I do n’t the candidates them to be paranoid . Here ’s how the candidates campaign should be covered . Hard news : Just report the facts , do n’t need any shading . Commentators like me are free to give opinions on just about everything . Morning hosts , they ’re opinion people , too . Each the candidates has a definition . So while candidates like Hillary Clinton might feel Fox News is stacked up against them , it ’s only true in some candidates like Hillary Clinton . Fox News go out of my way to keep it about issues unless a politician strays into Fox News areas like the email deal . That being said , I have sometimes defended Hillary Clinton from cheap shots and stayed away Hillary Clinton and all personal attacks . But it ’s easy for politicians to dodge tough interviews by saying they ’ll be treated unfairly , and that ’s politicians often happens in these cases . " O’Reilly added , " One guy who does not dodge is Donald Trump , although he does hold a grudge if you hit him One guy who does not dodge . Mr. Trump like all the other Donald Trump says he Donald Trump fair manner . " He further agreed Donald Trump Trump ’s assessment that some in the press are good , Donald Trump about 50 percent Donald Trump of the press are terrible . O’Reilly concluded , " hard news folks just the facts , the press Commentators free to comment and the candidates should not take it personally unless personal attacks are used . Those are unacceptable all the other candidates Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 