In Virginia , Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents waited outside a church shelter where undocumented immigrants had gone to stay warm . In Texas and in Colorado , agents went into courthouses , looking for foreigners who had arrived for hearings on other matters . At Kennedy International Airport in New York , passengers arriving after a    flight from San Francisco were asked to show passengers arriving after a   flight from San Francisco documents before passengers arriving after a   flight from San Francisco were allowed to get off the plane . The Trump administration ’s    plan to arrest and deport vast numbers of undocumented immigrants has been introduced in dramatic fashion over the past month . And much of that task has fallen to thousands of ICE officers who are newly emboldened , newly empowered and already getting to work . Gone are the    rules that required thousands of ICE officers who are newly emboldened, newly empowered and already getting to work to focus only on serious criminals . In Southern California , in one of the first major roundups during The Trump administration , officers detained 161 people with a wide range of felony and misdemeanor convictions , and 10 who had no criminal history at all . " Before , we used to be told , ‘ You ca n’t arrest those people,’ and we ’d we disciplined for being insubordinate if we did we " said a    veteran of the agency who took part in the operation . " Now those people are priorities again . And there are a lot of them here those people " Interviews with 17 agents and officials across the country , including in Florida , Alabama , Texas , Arizona , Washington and California , demonstrated how quickly a new atmosphere in the agency had taken hold . Since they are forbidden to talk to the press , they requested they out of concern for losing their jobs they The White House press secretary , Sean Spicer , said on Tuesday that the president wanted to " take the shackles off " of agents , an expression the officers themselves used time and again in interviews to describe their newfound the officers themselves . " Morale amongst our agents and officers has increased exponentially since the signing of the orders , " the unions representing ICE and Border Patrol agents said in a joint statement after President Trump issued the executive orders on immigration late last month . Two memos released this past week by the Department of Homeland Security , the parent agency of ICE and the Border Patrol , provided more details about how it would carry out its plan it which includes Mr. Trump President Trump pledge   —    a wall along the entire southern border   —    as well as speedier deportations and greater reliance on local police officers . But for those with ICE badges , perhaps the biggest change was the erasing of the Obama administration ’s hierarchy of priorities , which forced agents to concentrate on deporting gang members and other violent and serious criminals , and mostly leave everyone else alone . A whirlwind of activity has overtaken ICE headquarters in Washington in recent weeks , with employees attending     meetings about how to quickly carry out President Trump ’s plans . " Some people are like : ‘ This is great . Let ’s give them all the tools Some people need,’ " said Some people senior staff member at headquarters , who joined the department under the administration of George W. Bush . But , the official added , " other people are a little bit more hesitant and fearful about how quickly things are moving . " Two officials in Washington said that the shift   —    and the new enthusiasm that has come with it   —    seems to have encouraged    political comments and banter that struck the officials as brazen or    like remarks about their jobs becoming " the officials . " Those who take less of a hard line on unauthorized immigrants feel silenced , the officials said . the officials more than 20 , 000 employees , spread across 400 offices in the United States and 46 foreign countries , and the Trump administration has called for the hiring of 10 , 000 more . ICE officers see themselves as protecting the country ICE officers enforcing its laws , but also the country several agents said , defending the legal immigration system , with its yearslong waits to enter the legal immigration system country , from people the country the line . John F. Kelly , the secretary of the Department of Homeland Security , said in a statement after the first    roundups of the Trump administration : " President Trump has been clear in affirming the critical mission of D. H. S. in protecting the nation . " " There is no greater calling than to serve and protect our nation , " he added the nation a mission President Trump the men and women of ICE perform with professionalism and courage every single day . " Agents are , in fact , predominantly male and have often served in the military , with a police department or both . New agents take a    Spanish language program as well as firearms training they also learn driving maneuvers and have New agents pass seven written examinations and a    test that includes an obstacle course . The element of surprise is central to their work , and the sight of even a single white van emblazoned with the words Department of Homeland Security can create fear and cause people to flee . To minimize public contact , the arrests are frequently made in the early morning hours . A supervisor in Northern California described a typical operation , with teams of at least five members rising before dawn , meeting as early as 4 a. m. to make arrests before their targets depart for work . To arrests distressing families and children , the agents prefer to apprehend people outside their homes , approaching them as soon the agents they step onto the agents public sidewalk and the agents once identified , placing them in handcuffs . But arrests can the agents dramatic , as agents arrive in large numbers , armed with semiautomatic handguns and wearing dark bulletproof vests with ICE in bright white letters on them . When they do have to semiautomatic handguns a home semiautomatic handguns officers knock loudly and announce themselves as the police , a term officers can legally use . Many times officers children are awakened in the process , and watch as a parent is taken away . Some of the more visible ICE operations in recent weeks have ricocheted around the internet , and sometimes drawn a backlash . At Kennedy Airport , Customs and Border Protection agents checked documents of passengers getting off a flight from San Francisco because ICE , a sister agency , thought a person with a deportation order might be on the plane . They did not find the person they ICE, a sister agency, thought a person with a deportation order might be on the plane looking for . After the ICE, a sister agency, thought a person with a deportation order might be on the plane outside the church in Alexandria , Va. Gov. Terry McAuliffe , a Democrat , wrote a letter to Mr. Kelly , saying the action " raises a concern that , unlike previous actions , ICE agents are detaining Virginia residents without cause or specific allegations of criminal activity . " Bystanders are now being taken in if they are suspected to be undocumented , Bystanders if they have committed no crime , known Bystanders the agency as " collateral " arrests . While these arrests occurred under the Obama administration , they were officially discouraged , to the these arrests of many agents . " Which part of illegal do n’t people understand ? " an agent in Arizona asked . But officers said their work had become more political than officers , and they bristled at what they considered stereotypes officers indiscriminate enforcers who officers to sweep grandmothers off the street or separate families . Perhaps their biggest challenge , said the supervisor officers California , is the agency ’s steadily deteriorating relationship with other law enforcement agencies , especially in    cities that have vowed to protect immigrants from deportation , known as sanctuary cities . In one city alone , the supervisor said , the police once the supervisor in California undocumented immigrants a day into federal custody , compared with roughly five per week during the final years of the Obama presidency . On Thursday , Los Angeles , a sanctuary city , asked that ICE agents stop calling themselves police officers , saying it was damaging ICE agents trust of the city ’s own police officers . Although all of the agents interviewed felt the old priorities had ICE agents from doing their jobs , John Sandweg , ICE agents acting director ICE agents ICE in Mr. Sandweg of limited resources . Without them , he said , fewer dangerous people might ICE agents deported . " There are 10 seats on the bus , they go to the first 10 you grab , " Mr. Sandweg said . " It diminishes the chances that fewer dangerous people ’s a violent offender . " He said that he had spent a lot of time on the road It speaking at town halls where he he a great he from the     agents about the priorities . " Certainly they were not terribly popular he " he said . " They wanted unfettered discretion . " Agents said that the    agents with the added freedom , they he still go after the    agents people who presented the greatest danger to the public . And what Mr. Sandweg the    agents unfettered discretion , they called enforcing the law . " The discretion has come back to us Mr. Sandweg up to us to make the    agents in the field , " a    veteran in California said . " The discretion ’re trusted again us " 
 us 