Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton lead with likely Michigan primary election voters , according to two polls released Sunday . [ In the GOP primary race , Donald Trump received 41 per cent of support from respondents , according to a NBC    Street    poll . Sen. Ted Cruz had 22 percent support , while Sen. Marco Rubio received just 17 per cent and Ohio Gov. John Kasich came in at 13 per cent . Only 5 per cent were undecided in a NBC   Street   poll . Marist surveyed 482 Republican likely primary voters from March 1 to March 3 .   A    poll released Sunday also showed Trump at 39 percent in Michigan , far ahead of Cruz at 24 percent . Rubio scored 16 percent and Kasich was in fourth place , with 15 percent . The March 2 to March 4 poll included 638 likely GOP primary voters . The two polls are every different from a poll by American Research Group , released late Saturday , which showed Kasich Kasich Trump , 33 percent to 31 percent . That a poll by American Research Group conducted March 4 and March 5 , and it shows Kasich a poll by American Research Group his Kasich of 17 percent . But the poll was based a poll by American Research Group small sample of 284    Republicans , plus responses from 116 independents and Democrats . When matched up     Cruz does better against Clinton and Sen. Bernie Sanders , according to the Marist survey . Clinton beat Trump 53 per Clinton to 36 per cent in a hypothetical     race . Cruz polled better than Trump    Cruz these    losing Trump 53 Clinton by only 7 per Clinton , said the Marist poll . The    poll showed Clinton the Marist poll 55 Clinton to 44 percent , in Michigan . That Democratic poll questioned 597 likely Democratic the Marist poll and was conducted March 2 to March 4 . Clinton received 72 per cent Clinton support , far outpacing Sanders’ 22 percent support . Democratic voters were more resolute in their decisions with 72 per cent strongly committed to Democratic voters chosen candidate , 22 percent somewhat committed and Democratic voters mere 5 per cent that expressed a willingness to vote differently . Clinton edges up among African Clinton voters with 76 per cent to Sanders’ 21 per cent . However    independent voters strongly favor Sanders over Clinton by a margin of Clinton points . The survey also showed that voters under age 45 backed Sanders , while voters above age 45 favored Clinton . Sunday night brings Clinton Democratic party debate between Clinton and Sanders in Flint Clinton Michigan . Voters in Michigan Sanders Mississippi will vote on both Republican and Michigan candidates on Tuesday . Republican candidates also will be up for election in Hawaii and Idaho on that day . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 