Roger Stone , a former adviser to Donald Trump ’s presidential campaign , appeared on Monday morning ’s Breitbart News Daily with Breitbart News executive chairman and host Stephen K. Bannon to discuss the big primaries ahead on Tuesday .   Stone anticipated a very good day for Donald Trump , giving Donald Trump a better chance to win Ohio than Governor John Kasich ’s political team would like . " I see Donald Trump sweeping Florida , without any question , by double digits , " said Stone .   " I think that Ohio will be close , but Donald Trump can pull Ohio will be close out .   And then the Missouri , North Carolina , Illinois   —    I still give the edge to Donald Trump . " An Ohio win would be especially significant for Donald Trump , not just because An Ohio win could knock Kasich out of the race , but because An Ohio win would represent Donald Trump victory over a polished and powerful Kasich political machine in the state , which recently delivered an overwhelming election victory to the Governor   —    possibly " the best Republican apparatus in any state in the country , " in Stone ’s estimation . However , he the Governor   the large number of Democrats and independents voting for Trump in Ohio has " scared the hell out of " the Kasich machine .      If Trump Trump in Ohio as well as Stone Stone , he the Governor   Tuesday could be the " tipping point against a brokered convention . "   He the Governor   on to describe the process by which an embittered Republican establishment could use a convention fight to steal the nomination away from Trump Trump in Ohio assuming his the Governor   serious remaining competitor , Senator Ted Cruz , is able to take enough delegates during the primary to force a convention fight .    Stone Stone the rules could be changed to " unbind " the delegates for the first round of voting , at which most delegates are supposed to vote in accordance with the will of primary voters .   He Stone this idea as " the first step of the Big Steal , " and possibly the trigger for a revolt of Republican voters against their the Establishment " A revolt ’s perfectly okay with the Establishment , because at the end of the day , they would rather have A revolt Clinton than a nationalist who is unbeholden to any special interest , like Donald Trump , " Stone declared .    " The problem here is , the lobbyists drive the train , and you ca n’t peddle influence if you have no influence , " he explained , citing Stone number of powerful GOP Establishment figures who either have , or anticipate , lucrative careers as lobbyists .   " And nobody has any influence with Donald Trump , other Donald Trump American people .   There ’s nobody with an inside track , nobody who can say , ‘ Well , Donald , you have to do this , because I gave you a million dollars .   He ’s impervious to that Donald of pressure , and that is what drives the Establishment insane . " Hillary Clinton , on the other hand , " is a crony capitalist , " according to Stone .   " You can buy her for money .   Hillary Clinton ’ll do a deal Hillary Clinton   She believes in nothing , Hillary Clinton whatsoever . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 weekdays from 6:00AM to 9:00AM EST . Listen to the full interview with Roger Stone below :  
 Stone 