During a campaign rally Wednesday in Lake Worth Florida , Hillary Clinton needed help climbing one step onto a platform .   According to footage captured by HillBroYo and Paul Joseph Watson from Prison Planet , Hillary Clinton was given a helping hand as Hillary Clinton climbed onto the riser to address an overflow crowd that was unable to get into Hillary Clinton . According to American Mirror , " Clinton Hillary Clinton outside to greet supporters in Lake Worth when she Hillary Clinton to stand on a small riser . She Hillary Clinton assistance to get onto it a small riser she Hillary Clinton be seen reaching her Hillary Clinton out for a boost or some added steadiness . An aide extended his An aide Clinton Hillary Clinton on tightly as she Hillary Clinton her Hillary Clinton up the 18 inches . He could An aide seen standing behind her Hillary Clinton at one point reached out to grab her Hillary Clinton , perhaps thinking she Hillary Clinton about to fall . " Hillary Hillary Clinton over to the overflow area to say hello to the crowd in Lake Worth , Florida . But ya know , no enthusiasm there . 🙄 pic . twitter .    —    ( ⌐ ■ _ ■ ) ノHillBro ( @HillBroYo ) October 26 , 2016 ,   Sick Hillary Hillary Clinton n’t even conquer a single step without help . pic . twitter .    —    Paul Joseph Watson ( @PrisonPlanet ) October 26 , 2016 ,   This video further casts a light on Hillary Hillary Clinton stamina and health . In the past , Hillary Hillary Clinton Sick Hillary been called into question by not only people on the Right , but even by her Hillary Clinton staff . Breitbart News’ Patrick Howley reported Tuesday that according to an email released by WikiLeaks , Huma Abedin even questioned Hillary Hillary Clinton health Sick Hillary , following a bad fall and subsequent concussion in 2012 .   " Top Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin said in 2015 , after the campaign began , that Clinton is ‘ still Hillary Clinton perfect in her head . ’ Hillary Clinton Leading up to September 11 , 2016 , people such as Mike Ceriovitch had been questioning Clinton ’s health on Hillary Clinton the hashtag # sickhillary . The questions began to rise following videos of her [ Hillary Clinton ] Hillary Clinton help Hillary Clinton , have coughing fits during speeches , and of a mysterious handler that is constantly with her . However , before September Hillary Clinton , these questions were written off as The questions theory . Following her collapse at the    memorial Hillary Clinton year , Clinton was forced to address her Hillary Clinton issues . It is Hillary Clinton known that Clinton has had her fair share Hillary Clinton them . Hillary Clinton nominee Donald Trump has on many occasions suggested Clinton ’s stamina and health impact Hillary Clinton her ability to endure the rigors Hillary Clinton   the office of President . 
 