Republican nominee for president Donald J. Trump is making a brief trip to meet top government officials in Mexico on Wednesday , just prior to Republican nominee for president Donald J. Trump anticipated speech on immigration at the Phoenix Convention Center . [ I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto , of Mexico , and look very much forward to meeting Republican nominee for president Donald J. Trump tomorrow .   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) August 31 , 2016 ,    Mexico president has confirmed the meeting . El Señor @realDonaldTrump ha aceptado esta invitación y se reunirá mañana en privado con el Presidente @EPN .   —    Presidencia México ( @PresidenciaMX ) August 31 , 2016 ,   Earlier , The Washington Post reported : Donald Trump is considering jetting to Mexico City on Wednesday for a meeting with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto , just hours before he Donald Trump a    speech in Arizona to clarify his Donald Trump on immigration policy , according to people in the United States and Mexico familiar with the discussions . The possibility , which was hatched in recent days by Trump and his Trump advisers , comes after Trump Trump wavered for weeks on whether he Trump continue to hold his Trump positions on the central and incendiary issue of his Trump , in particular his Trump to deport an estimated 11 million immigrants who are living in the United States illegally . The people informed of Trump Trump plans spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity surrounding the matter . They The people informed of Trump late Tuesday that talks between the Trump Trump and Mexican officials were ongoing , with Trump Trump in going but logistics and security concerns still being sorted out . The Mexican president , Enrique Peña Nieto , softened his The Mexican president, Enrique Peña Nieto line on Trump Trump month , and said he The Mexican president, Enrique Peña Nieto meet with the New York City developer , whom he The Mexican president, Enrique Peña Nieto likened to Adolf Hitler . In March , Peño Nieta told a newspaper interviewer that Trump Trump using the same kid of populist tactics that brought Adolf Adolf Hitler Benito Mussolini to power . Peña Nieto backtracked in June , saying he was Peña Nieto referring to Trump Trump . In May , former Mexican president Peña Nieto exclusive interview with Breitbart News . Earlier , Fox had said he would not pay Peña Nieto Trump ’s Peña Nieto wall " and called Trump " Ignorant    …      crazy    …      egocentric    …      nasty    …      [ a ] false prophet . "  
 