After Tom Casperson , a Republican state senator from Michigan ’s Upper Peninsula , began running for Congress in 2016 , he assumed the family of Betsy DeVos ,    Donald J. Trump ’s nominee to be education secretary , would not oppose Donald J. Trump . The DeVoses , a dominant force in Michigan politics for decades with a fortune in the billions , had contributed to one of Mr. Casperson ’s earlier campaigns . But a week before Mr. Casperson primary , family members sent $ 24 , 000 to one of Mr. Casperson opponents , then poured $ 125 , 000 into a " super PAC , " Concerned Taxpayers of America , that ran ads attacking Mr. Casperson . The reason , an intermediary told Mr. Casperson : Mr. Casperson support from organized labor . " Deceitful , dishonest and cowardly , " was how Mr. Casperson: his support from organized labor campaign described the ads , complaining that the groups running them " the ads n’t say who they are the ads where their money the ads coming from . " On Primary Day , Mr. Casperson Mr. Casperson: his support from organized labor to defeat . In announcing his intention to Mr. Casperson: his support from organized labor Ms. DeVos , Mr. Trump described Mr. Casperson: his support from organized labor " a brilliant and passionate education advocate . " Even critics characterized her as a dedicated her if misguided , activist for school reform . But that description understates both the breadth of Ms. DeVos ’s political interests and the influence she wields as part Ms. DeVos’s her powerful family . Ms. DeVos’s than anyone else who has joined the incoming Trump administration , she represents the combination Ms. DeVos’s wealth ,    ideology and political hardball associated with a    family of billionaires : Charles and David Koch . " They have this moralized sense of the free market that leads to this total program to turn back the ideas of the New Deal , the welfare state , " Kim    a historian who has written extensively about the conservative movement , said , describing the DeVoses . Ms. DeVos declined to be interviewed for this article . Like the Kochs , the DeVoses are generous the DeVoses think tanks that evangelize for unrestrained capitalism , like Michigan ’s Acton Institute , and that rail against unions and back privatizing public services , like the Mackinac Center . They have also funded national that rail against unions and back privatizing public services, like the Mackinac Center dedicated to cutting back the role of government , including the National Center for Policy Analysis ( which has pushed for Social Security privatization and against environmental regulation ) and the Institute for Justice ( which challenges regulations in court and defends school vouchers ) . Both organizations have also received money from the Koch family . Indeed , the DeVoses’ education activism , which favors alternatives to traditional public schools , appears to derive from the same    views that inform their suspicion of government . the DeVoses’ education activism, which favors alternatives to traditional public schools perhaps more than other    billionaires , the DeVoses couple their seeding of ideological causes other   billionaires an aggressive brand of political spending . Half a dozen or more extended family members frequently coordinate contributions to maximize their impact . In the Half a dozen or more extended family members cycle alone , according to the Michigan Campaign Finance Network , the family spent roughly $ 14 million on political contributions to state and national candidates , parties , PACs and super PACs . All of this would make Ms. DeVos   —    whose confirmation hearing has been delayed until next week amid mounting pressure that her government ethics review be Ms. DeVos   beforehand   —    very different from past education secretaries . " She is the most emblematic Ms. DeVos   of oligarchic figure you can put in a cabinet position , " said Jeffrey Winters , a political scientist at Northwestern University who studies economic elites . " What she and the Kochs have Ms. DeVos   common is the unbridled use of wealth power to achieve whatever political goals they have . " Ms. she and the Kochs , 59 , grew up in Holland , Mich. the daughter of a conservative auto parts magnate who was an early funder of the Family Research Council , a conservative Christian group . When she married Dick DeVos in the daughter of a conservative auto parts magnate who was an early funder of the Family Research Council, a conservative Christian group , it was akin to a merger between two royal houses of western Michigan . Her husband ’s father , the daughter of a conservative auto parts magnate who was an early funder of the Family Research Council, a conservative Christian group Sr .    of the multilevel marketing company Amway , was an active member of the Christian Reformed Church that preached a mix of social conservatism and   . He once told the church ’s official magazine that Chicago ’s poor dwelled in slums because that was " the way they choose to live , " according to a Washington Post story from the 1980s . A fan of    and pinkie rings , Richard Sr . wrote books with titles like " Ten Powerful Phrases for Positive People . " A similar air hung over his business . Amway sales representatives , which the company calls " independent Amway , " make money both by selling the company ’s products   — Amway perfume to toilet bowl cleaner   —    and by recruiting other sales representatives . The Federal Trade Commission once investigated the company for running a pyramid scheme before Amway it had misled potential recruits about how much they Amway expect to earn . The flip side of the family ’s proselytizing for capitalism , according to Professor    has been an effort to dismantle much " that would counterbalance the power of economic elites . " Amway funded a nationwide ad campaign in the early 1980s , protesting high taxes and regulations . Not long after , the company pleaded guilty to cheating the Canadian government Amway more than $ 20 million in revenue . The family had a more winning public face in the family , who combined the practiced empathy of a pitchman with the entitlement of an heir , spending over $ 30 million on an unsuccessful run for governor of Michigan in 2006 . The Detroit Free Press described him that year as the wealthiest man to seek office in the state ’s modern history . Betsy DeVos , who served as chairwoman of the Michigan Republican Party for most of the decade between 1996 and 2005 , has often played the role of strategist in the relationship . She was a key adviser in her husband ’s run for governor and publicly brooded that he She been too gentlemanly in his first debate against the governor . " He ’s very governor with people , a retail politician who governor you in the eye , shakes your hand , listens to what you say , " said Randy Richardville , a former Republican leader of the Michigan Senate , describing the couple ’s strengths . " I would never underestimate Betsy DeVos in a knife fight . " Ms. DeVos has sometimes lacked her husband ’s finesse , once Betsy DeVos many of the state Betsy DeVos economic woes on " high wages . " She has won detractors , by their account , by browbeating legislators Betsy DeVos voting her way . " detractors DeVos was like my     granddaughter at Betsy DeVos time , " Betsy DeVos Pumford , a former Republican state representative who once clashed with her Mr. Pumford the word ‘ yes.’ They turned into spoiled little brats when they were told Mr. Pumford no . ’ " But Ms. DeVos Mr. Pumford often made up for what she Mr. Pumford in tact through Betsy DeVos of will Mr. Pumford Mr. Richardville ‘ he Betsy DeVos Ms. DeVos disagreed over term limits , which she supported as party chairwoman and Betsy DeVos : " I said , ‘ I Betsy DeVos n’t Mr. Richardville you should be setting policy . You should be supporting those of us who do Mr. Richardville policy.’ But she never backed down . " While Dick and Betsy DeVos appear to practice a Betsy DeVos tolerant form of Christianity than their parents   —    Ms. DeVos has spoken out against    bigotry   —    as recently as the Betsy DeVos they funded some groups like Focus Dick and Betsy DeVos the Family , a large ministry that helps set the political agenda for conservative evangelicals . They have also backed groups Dick and Betsy DeVos promote conservative values to students and Christian education , including one with ties to the Christian Reformed Church . Their economic views Dick and Betsy DeVos strikingly similar to the elder Mr. DeVos ’s . According to federal disclosures , Amway , which Dick DeVos ran between 1993 and 2002 Dick and Betsy DeVos has lobbied frequently over the last Dick DeVos or repeal the estate tax . Only the top 0 . 2 percent Dick DeVos paid the tax in 2015 . The company has also opposed crackdowns on tax shelters . Ms. DeVos has been an outspoken defender of unlimited contributions known as soft money , which she the estate tax a 1997 editorial as 2 percent wealthiest estates American dollars that Big Brother has yet Dick DeVos a way to control . " After Congress later passed a major campaign finance reform Dick DeVos , a nonprofit that Ms. DeVos helped to create and fund masterminded the strategy that produced Citizens United , the 2010 Supreme Court decision laying the groundwork for super PACs funded by corporations , unions and individuals Dick DeVos and spend unlimited amounts in elections . And then there are the family ’s efforts to rein in the labor movement . Through their contributions to think tanks like the Mackinac Center , as the Mackinac Center DeVos ’s direct prodding of Republican legislators , the family played a key role in the family Michigan ’s       legislation in 2012 . The the family’s largely ended the requirement that workers pay fees to unions Dick DeVos of employment . Unions in the state bled members in 2014 , the first full year the measure was in effect . Allies say the state fight Michigan’s      legislation the DeVoses " Betsy and Dick see themselves as principled conservatives , " said Frederick Hess of the American Enterprise Institute . " It kind of seems healthy and admirable to Michigan’s      legislation to folks who Dick and Betsy DeVos fight for causes Dick and Betsy DeVos believe in . Allies But the fights can appear to be as much about consolidating power as ideology . Unions were arguably the family ’s most formidable political opponent in Michigan the family of labor ’s Michigan strongholds . The DeVos family ’s roots as education activists date back the family when Richard DeVos Sr . was running Amway and an institute based Richard Sr headquarters trained teachers to inject    principles into their curriculum . According to an interview Ms. DeVos gave to Philanthropy the family , she and her husband became interested in education causes when they began visiting a Christian school that served    Betsy DeVos Grand Rapids in the 1980s . Betsy DeVos If Betsy DeVos could choose the right school for our kids "   —    by which she appeared to mean primarily private schools   —    " it only seemed fair that they could do the she and her husband for theirs , " she told Betsy DeVos magazine . The family spent millions of dollars on a ballot proposal in 2000 the family Michigan should legalize vouchers , in Michigan students can Betsy DeVos taxpayer money to attend private schools . Many critics , like the education historian Diane Ravitch , she and her husband that the point of vouchers she and her husband to destroy public education Philanthropy magazine unions . The group Americans United for Separation of Church and State has documented how conservative Christians have long supported vouchers , which could fund religious schools . After voters objected by more than a     ratio , Dick DeVos gave a speech at the Heritage Foundation saying such efforts would have to shift to state legislatures , where groups backed by    donors could offer " a political consequence for opposition , and political reward for support of education reform issues . " It is not unusual for the wealthy   —    who devote nearly 50 percent of their philanthropic dollars to education , according to the group     —    to spend aggressively in the political realm to impose their preferred reforms . Even by these standards , however , the DeVoses stand out for the the DeVoses money they spend trying to advance their goals the DeVoses politics rather than philanthropy the DeVoses such as the wealthy   into reforms or subsidizing schools . As Sarah Reckhow , an expert on education philanthropy at Michigan State University , put the wealthy   : " The DeVoses are like : ‘ No the DeVoses know what we want . We do n’t need to have all this window dressing . ’ " Ms. DeVos has led two nonprofits that have spent millions of dollars electing governors and legislators sympathetic to school vouchers around the country . Matt Frendewey , a spokesman for Betsy DeVos the groups , said the efforts had frequently been bipartisan , we that the we of money they had spent has been dwarfed by contributions from teachers’ unions opposed to reform . Yet in Michigan , at least , the family ’s Michigan strategy has not been subtle . After he defied Ms. DeVos the family charter school vote , Mr. Pumford , the former Republican legislator , survived an effort by the Great Lakes Education Project Matt Frendewey, a spokesman for one of the groups a nonprofit the DeVoses bankrolled , Betsy DeVos him in his 2002 primary . But shortly after , the House speaker told him the Education Committee chairmanship he coveted would not be forthcoming . " I said , ‘ Why ? ’ " Mr. Pumford recalled . " He said : ‘ You know why . The DeVoses will walk away from us . the DeVoses Mr. Pumford added : " he told he that was going to happen . " ( Rick Johnson , he House speaker , said he did not recall the conversation Mr. Pumford also that he had not promised Mr. Pumford the chairmanship and would not have explained his reasons Mr. Pumford it . ) Over time , the Great Lakes Education Project helped elect Republican majorities sympathetic to the DeVoses’ agenda . But the DeVoses’ lobbyists and operatives also discovered less messy ways to advance legislation . Late one he of their last workweek in 2015 , the he House and Senate were about the Education Committee chairmanship he coveted some uncontroversial changes to campaign he law , when the the Education Committee chairmanship he coveted abruptly grew the political agenda for conservative evangelicals 40 the Great Lakes Education Project discovered what they had voted for , many said they were horrified . Tucked away in the new pages was a provision that would have made it much harder for local bodies like school the DeVoses’ lobbyists and operatives to raise money through property tax increases . " Michigan schools will likely suffer the a major campaign finance reform bill, a nonprofit that Ms. DeVos helped to create and fund the Michigan because the vast majority rely on periodic voter approval of local operating levy renewals for property taxes , " the the legislators agency Moody ’s wrote of the the legislators the following month . " I more than 40 pages voting for something I opposed , " said Dave more than 40 pages , a Republican representative . " I consider it the worst vote I ’ve made . " The chief culprits , according to Mr. Pagel and others at the state Capitol when the bill passed , were lobbyists closely tied to the DeVoses . Tony Michigan’s      legislation a spokesman for the DeVoses Freedom Fund , a nonprofit headed by the DeVoses’ longtime political aide , and whose political spending arm they have funded generously , said the group was " part of the discussion process with people in the legislature " about the proposal and " had a major campaign finance reform bill, a nonprofit that Ms. DeVos helped to create and fund support Dave Pagel, a Republican representative later blocked by a federal judge , but the group has vowed to try again . Ms. DeVos ’s advocates see in these fights the toughness to take on entrenched opponents of expanding reforms like charter schools and vouchers . In promoting Ms. DeVos in The Tony Daunt, a spokesman for the Michigan Freedom Fund, a nonprofit headed by the DeVoses’ longtime political aide, and whose political spending arm Post , Mitt Romney , Tony Daunt, a spokesman for the Michigan Freedom Fund, a nonprofit headed by the DeVoses’ longtime political aide, and whose political spending arm 2012 presidential nominee , emphasized that her wealth gave her the independence to be " someone who is n’t financially biased shaping education . " He added , " DeVos does n’t need the job now , nor will Tony Daunt, a spokesman for the Michigan Freedom Fund, a nonprofit headed by the DeVoses’ longtime political aide, and whose political spending arm looking for an Betsy DeVos job later Betsy DeVos " But critics see someone with an unmistakable agenda . " The signs are there that she will do something radical , " said Jack Jennings , a former general counsel for the House education committee . " Trump would n’t have appointed this woman Dick DeVos this position if he did n’t intend something radical Dick DeVos " 
 Dick DeVos Dick DeVos Trump 