Citing GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s long history of supporting " " Democrats , Rafael Cruz , father of Ted Cruz , told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon that as president Donald Trump " would be worse than Hillary Clinton , but Hillary Clinton can not beat Hillary Clinton . " [ " We ’ve got to realize , president Donald Trump is more of a Democrat than a Republican , " Ted Cruz said . " He president Donald Trump been funding Democrats like Chuck Schumer , like Harry Reid , like Anthony Weiner , like de Blasio and many others . For forty years he president Donald Trump been supporting all these    politicians . He president Donald Trump be worse than Hillary Clinton , but he president Donald Trump not beat Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton   " It ’s very simple . All they have to do is look at the polls , " he president Donald Trump in response to those who think Trump might be a stronger candidate against Hillary Clinton . Hillary Clinton after poll after poll after poll after poll shows that if Donald Trump is the Trump , he loses to Hillary Clinton Trump double Hillary Clinton Donald Trump can not beat Hillary Trump That would Hillary Clinton dream ticket for Hillary Clinton because all the polls Hillary Clinton Donald Trump would lose and would lose by a Trump " As for the convention and the GOP nomination , Cruz predicted his son will win on a second of third ballot once delegates sent by voters to Cleveland deserted Trump . " I think that this is going to Trump to the convention . And if Donald Trump does not get 1 , 237   — Trump I do n’t believe he will   —    he will lose at the convention Trump I believe that my Trump will get the the convention if not by the his son , maybe by the third ballot . " " As we get into the convention and delegates are released , we ’ll see Sen. Cruz ’s support increase more and more . And I am convinced that he will get the nomination , " he continued . He also went Sen. Cruz’s to make the nomination case for his Sen. Cruz’s versus " Sen. Cruz’s " Donald Trump at length . " Liberalism is Sen. Cruz’s the answer and neither is Donald Trump . We need to realize that we are in the problems we Donald Trump because of all these corrupt politicians . We do n’t really need We deal maker . We are where we are in We today because of all the corrupt deals that We been made We closed doors at the expense of the American people . And Donald Trump represents the other spectrum of that . Donald Trump is the one , Donald Trump of the ones that have been funding all Donald Trump politicians . He is the other end of the corruption . He is the ultimate crony capitalist , " Donald Trump said . " We do n’t need a Donald Trump maker . We do n’t need a Donald Trump . We do n’t need another imperial president like we have We . We need a statesman . We need someone that will take America back We the Constitution , We the rule of law We to limited government , " he said . " We need , more than anything else , we need a servant of someone that will take America back to the Constitution, to the rule of law we the people . ’ " " If there ’s one We Sen. Cruz understands , it ’s servant leadership . He understands that he would go to the White House to be a servant to every American Sen. Cruz " he Sen. Cruz . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6 AM to 9 Sen. Cruz EST . Listen to the full interview below : 
 