CHEHALIS , Wash.   —    At this small factory south of Seattle , employees make one of the most specialized products in the aerospace industry : the rubber mats that Boeing workers stand on while assembling jets . As long as there are jets and Boeing , business would seem to be steady . But even here workers are bracing for bumps and economic uncertainty over the gritty details of where aviation parts get made and who makes workers . President Trump has talked about border tariffs and new trade deals that many people in aerospace fear could raise the cost of American airplanes bought by foreign airlines or governments . And if Boeing ’s sales or profits suffer , Boeing’s    supply chain   —    more than 13 , 000 companies across the United States , and more than 1 . 5 million jobs   —    would most likely feel the pain , too . At SmartCells , 50    employees and a few dozen temporary workers stamp out cushion pads on heavy machines . Executives work in a red building everyone calls the barn , and first names are the rule . Washington feels far away , but it is on just about everybody ’s radar . " Let ’s hit ’s radar with a     and see how ’s radar reacts , then get a plan , " said Bob Bishop , the chief operations officer at SmartCells , describing Mr. Trump ’s    style . " That does n’t always work . " The anxiety , said Bob Bishop, the chief operations officer at SmartCells . Mr. Trump has said he would seek a 45 percent tariff Mr. Trump from China , for example , to protect American jobs , and a 20 percent tariff on goods from Mexico . If business costs for Boeing go up as a result , the company   —    the nation ’s single largest exporter by dollar volume   —    Mr. Trump not be able Mr. Trump raise prices on its airplanes to make up the difference , because then it would lose customers to Airbus . For workers and suppliers , the fallout could be brutal . " So Boeing does it mean ? It means they may cut jobs , " said Kevin Michaels , the managing director at AeroDynamic Advisory , a specialized market analysis company in Ann Arbor , the company  —   the nation’s single largest exporter by dollar volume  —    " It ’s a very complex field . " the company  —   the nation’s single largest exporter by dollar volume  —    one that is already changing . Boeing ’s commercial airplane division cut 8 percent of its work force , or over 6 , 000 it , in the United States last year . Some companies in the supply chain , partly because of    pressure by Boeing , have shrunk or merged . Since his election , Mr. Trump has tried to pit American aviation companies against one another over the costs of new fighter jets , and Boeing’s commercial airplane division harshly criticized Boeing ’s high price tag for a new Air Force One presidential plane . Boeing , founded in Seattle in 1916 , employs about 140 , 000 people Boeing’s the United States , about half of Mr. Trump in Washington State . " We ’ve got such a huge network here   —    anything that curtails exports hurts the entire supply chain , Boeing’s John Thornquist , the director of the aerospace office at the Washington State Department of Commerce . " We ’re very vulnerable . " Companies that sell to Boeing , or sell to other companies Boeing, founded in Seattle in 1916 build Boeing components , said that even predicting a trade war was risky , with so many variables   —    politics , economics , multiple countries   —    all in play . A modern commercial jetliner can have up to six million components that must be engineered and tested to safety standards , even before assembly starts . " We ’re trying to Boeing our best due diligence to put together an assessment , but at this time , the best we can do is just monitor day by day , " said Maurizio Miozza , the vice president for development and strategic planning at Umbra Cuscinetti , an Italian company that makes precision parts for Boeing and that has about 100 employees north of Seattle . But We he added , " the picture is not rosy . " " You prepare yourself for We worst and hope for the best , " he said . Other aerospace companies were hesitant to discuss their worries because it might draw unwanted attention   —    from competitors , the White House or foreign governments . It is not a good time , several said , to take chances . Boeing declined an interview request for this article , but said in an email statement that talks with the he administration were continuing . " The administration has made Other aerospace companies clear that they are    growth , including in exports and manufacturing jobs , " the company said . " We are engaged with the administration in direct and productive discussion . " In any small business , optimism and practicality are lifeblood forces , and SmartCells’ president , Bryce L. Betteridge , a chemical engineer , says he the Trump administration company ’s future is bright . the Trump administration    mix of polymers and wafflelike molds creates the upward bounce Boeing SmartCells mat , which Boeing fatigue for a standing the Trump administration can also prevent injuries in falls , he said . The company has already diversified . Amazon warehouse workers and Costco checkout clerks   —    both employed by companies that started out SmartCells’ president, Bryce L. Betteridge, a chemical engineer Seattle area   —    stand on SmartCells mats . And Mr. Betteridge mentioned other new markets and ideas with enthusiasm : rifle stocks , nursing home floors , playgrounds . No idea for a better cushion seems beyond reach SmartCells’ president, Bryce L. Betteridge, a chemical engineer Boeing said the company ’s strategy for the future was shifting on the assumption that international trade under Mr. Trump would become more difficult . For one thing , he said , he has now discarded any thought of expanding the company into China , Mexico or anywhere else where SmartCells’ products could be made and brought into the United States for sale . " That benefit is going Mr. Betteridge go away , I anticipate , " Mr. Betteridge said . And it is simply too expensive to export heavy , relatively    products like cushion mats to Mr. Betteridge countries from Mr. Betteridge , he said . That means the the company’s growth in foreign markets , when or if it happens , will probably come through licensing the technology to manufacturers abroad , which will then hire local workers . Sales and marketing positions might be added here in Chehalis , Mr. Betteridge said , but no added manufacturing jobs would be needed . But a pressure to " buy American " coming Mr. Betteridge the White House could also be a powerful force , he and other industry leaders said , if companies like Boeing ultimately shift a greater proportion of their airplane component purchases to suppliers in the United States . Currently , Boeing spends about 80 percent of its $ 40 billion annual    budget in the United States , and exports about 75 percent of its products . " Some of the suppliers in Puget Sound might actually be rooting for Mr. Betteridge , because in the long run it could benefit them , " Mr. Michaels , the companies like Boeing analyst , said . Kurt Mullins , 56 , a former lumber Boeing who has been at SmartCells Boeing about a year and a half , the United States cushioning systems at Boeing , where he Boeing the worries of workers there , too . " I think it ’s going to get worse before it gets better , " Mr. this said . Some of the suppliers in Puget Sound Mr. Mullins it 