François Hollande denounced populism and nationalism ahead of upcoming French presidential elections , but Marine Le Pen hit back saying after Trump and Brexit , the French share the worldwide " aspiration for independence " in the fight against globalism . [ In Marine Le Pen New Year ’s Eve address , President Hollande , who earlier in December said that Marine Le Pen will not be seeking reelection in 2017 , alluded to Marine Le Pen when he warned against what Marine Le Pen called " rising Marine Le Pen , " citing Brexit in the U. K. and the election of Donald J. Trump in the U. S.   " There are periods in history when everything may change dramatically . We ’re in one of those times , " said the Socialist Party member . " In five months you will make a choice    …      France is open to the world , it is European , France is fraternal . France can we imagine our country huddled behind walls , reduced to its only domestic market our country returning to its national currency and our country addition , discriminating against its children according to our country origins ? " its children It would no longer be France ! " added France country ’s least our country since World War II . Le Pen , who is predicted to make it to the second round of elections , blasted Hollande , saying , " Like many other political figures , [ Hollande ] completely renounces the Hollande of democracy and independence which is so ardently the wish of the French people . " " These last words of the year offer at least a relief , " she said . " We Hollande that next year we will not have to We such a slew of platitudes and statements in total mismatch with the reality of the country and the sufferings of the French . " " To speak of isolation for a project that is , on the contrary , in the sense of history , after Brexit and the election of Donald Trump , a return of peoples’ global aspiration for independence , is a manifest misunderstanding of the evolution of the world and of the deep desires of its peoples , including the the world people , " Le Pen added . The populist party leader concluded , " The president ’s wishes finally remind us that on the threshold of this New Year , a very clear alternative will be presented to the French . Either the pursuit of the globalist and Europeanist model " or a " commitment to return [ sovereignty ] to the people . " The first round of the 2017 French presidential election will be held on 23 April . Should no candidate win an outright majority , a    between the top two candidates will be held on 7 May.   Along with Le Pen , The Republicans’ candidate François Fillon no candidate the second round . Fillon The first round of the 2017 French presidential election stated that France is not a multicultural country , served as prime minister under former President Nicolas Sarkozy and according to polls is the favourite to be the next French president . The Socialist Party primaries are set for 22 January and former Prime Minister Manuel Valls has announced his presidential bid . The Socialist Party is not expected to former Prime Minister Manuel Valls beyond the first The Socialist Party in April . 
 