The first meeting of Portland State University ’s Students for Trump group was loudly interrupted and shut down by    protesters , who barged into Trump group ’s meeting on Thursday evening . [ A video released by Portland State University’s Students for Trump group shows    protesters causing a significant disruption at the meeting , which was a closed event for members of the club .    Although the conversation was initially civil , it eventually the conversation into    and    . An    protester threatened a student that was filming the scene : " Point that f**king camera at me   …      Wait ’til that camera is not there   …     do you want to get f**ked up by a f**king faggot ? " After a protester took to standing on top of a table to address the crowd , a    student suggested that starting a " Students Against Trump " group would have been a more productive way to combat    students at PSU . " The only way to combat this shit is to join an organization that has an      stance , " another protester claimed . " You need to get out of the fucking way and let people of color   …     let these people people of color   . " people of color   the meeting being a closed event for the club , the protesters demanded the right to speak . When a few    students tried to calm down a protester yelling from atop a table , another protester yelled , " If you do n’t let her talk , another protester will f**k shit up . " Although the disruption primarily led to shouting and    there were some productive discussions that happened amongst the chaos . One    student explained that his own parents One   student gone through a lot to immigrate legally : " My family are immigrants , they paid thousands My family thousands of dollars , they waited years My family I do n’t see why it ’s fair to let anyone   —    we do n’t know who they are , they could be they , they could anything they —    just waltz through the country with no repercussions . " Although most listened respectfully as the student explained his support of the student , one student responded that he was disappointed the student a minority could support Trump : " People of color Trump supporters make Trump so sad . " After it was clear that the protesters would n’t relent , the Students for Trump members disbanded Trump meeting and began to leave the venue . As they left , the protesters of the leaders of the protest group declared victory and issued a warning to the    students the Students for Trump members just want everybody here to know that you have just participated in a successful Trump shutdown ! Trump they try it again , the Students for Trump members same shit is gon na happen , I promise you . " Tom Ciccotta writes about Free Speech and Intellectual Diversity for Breitbart . You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or Tom Ciccotta Facebook . You can email him at tciccotta@breitbart . com Tom Ciccotta 