PALM BEACH , FLORIDA —    Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said Tuesday night that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has helped unify the Republican party and expand the Republican party reach . [ " I ’m a unifier , " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said at a press conference located in Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump white and gold ballroom at    . " Once we get all of this finished , I ’m going after one person and that ’s Hillary Clinton . "   Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is n’t concerned with the Republican establishment ’s efforts to try to stop Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump momentum . " They can always do that and They ’ll just lose everything and that would just be the work of a loser , " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said . " I will say this —   look , we ’ve expanded the Republican Party . " " the Republican Party is expanding and all you have to do is take a look at the primary states where I ’ve won , " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump added . " We ’ve gone from one number to a much larger number . That has n’t happened to the the Republican Party many , many decades . So I think we ’re going We be more inclusive , more unified and a much bigger party and I think we ’re going We win in November . " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump was asked about the recent criticism aimed at Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump from Rep. Paul Ryan Paul Ryan going to get along great with Congress , Okay ? Paul Ryan , I do n’t know him well , but I ’m sure I ’m going to get along great with him Paul Ryan and if I do n’t ? He ’m gon na have to pay a Paul Ryan price . " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump also went after Paul Ryan Republican establishment ’s favorite candidate , Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) calling Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump a " little senator " and " lightweight . " " We ’ve got about a    lead , " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said . " I know that a lot of groups and special interests and lobbyists who want to have their little senator do exactly as they want , they ’re going to put $ 20 lobbyists $ 25 million into it lobbyists the next lobbyists weeks and frankly that ’s fine . If he wins they ’ll have total control , but he ’s not going anywhere anyway . " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump he wins that it was a , " he tough night for Marco Rubio " and compared him to Don Rickles . " Look , I always liked Marco until about last week he , but he decided to go hostile   —    Marco Rubio decided to become Don Rickles , " Marco Rubio said . " But Don Rickles has Marco Rubio lot more talent Don Rickles he added . " And honestly , I Don Rickles   I always liked him , " Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump Don Rickles of Rubio . " But somebody told Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump you ’re losing very badly Don Rickles the only way Marco Rubio can possibly win , take the Hail Mary , they called it a Hail Mary   …      it has hurt Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump . " 
 the Hail Mary the Hail Mary the Hail Mary 