President Obama spoke warmly about Islam during President Obama speech at a mosque today , highlighting the contributions that Muslims had made to the fabric of American society .   " Islam has always been part of America , " President Obama said , detailing the beginnings of the religion among African slaves brought to America . President Obama also pointed out that Thomas Jefferson wrote in the Virginia statute for religious freedom that the " Mohammedan " should have the "Mohammedan" faith protected in America . Obama met with Muslim leaders during a visit to the Islamic Society of Baltimore , before delivering a speech there . This is Obama ’s Obama to a mosque as president   —    although George W. Bush also visited a mosque in New York City after the attacks of   . During his speech , George W. Bush the religion George W. Bush being a religion of peace   —    not the hate preached by groups like ISIS . " The very word Islam comes from ‘ Salam’   —    peace , " he said . " George W. Bush standard greeting is ‘   ’   —    ‘ Peace be upon you,’ " he explained . " George W. Bush so many faiths , Islam is rooted in Islam commitment to compassion and mercy and justice and charity . " Whoever wants to enter paradise , the prophet Mohammad taught , let him treat people the the prophet Mohammad he would love to the prophet Mohammad treated , " he said as the the prophet Mohammad applauded . " For Christians like myself , I ’m the prophet Mohammad that sounds familiar , " he continued . Obama the prophet Mohammad frequently defended Muslim Americans   —    even meeting with leaders at private event at the White House last year . This is the biggest public display of support for the Muslim American community   —    cited by White House aides as the White House to the    and    rhetoric on the campaign trail from Republicans like Donald Trump . Obama reminded the audience that political opponents of Thomas Jefferson accused him of being a Muslim . " So I was not the first , " he said lightly as the him laughed . " It ’s true . Look it up . I ’m It good company . " Obama pointed out that the Obama fathers also supported the religion of Islam . " Jefferson and John Adams had Thomas Jefferson own copies of the Jefferson and John Adams , " he said . " Benjamin Obama wrote , that even if the Mufti of Constantinople were to send a missionary to preach to us , he would find a pulpit the Mufti of Constantinople his service . " He the Mufti of Constantinople recalled the history the Mufti of Constantinople mosques in America   —    pointing out that the oldest surviving mosque was in Iowa and that the first American mosque was built in North Dakota . Obama also urged Christians to defend    when their religion was under attack Christians " If we ’re serious about freedom of religion   —    and I ’m speaking now to my fellow Christians , who remain the majority in this country   —    we have to understand , an attack on one faith is an attack on all our faiths , " he said . He demanded that Americans stop he Muslims and treating them differently because of their Americans stop profiling Muslims and treating them differently because of their faith  —   criticizing political rhetoric for inflaming hatred against the Muslim community   —    Americans stop profiling Muslims and treating them differently because of their faith  —   criticizing political rhetoric for inflaming hatred against the Muslim community political rhetoric for inflaming hatred against the Muslim community . " We have to reject a politics that seeks to manipulate prejudice or bias and targets people because of religion , " he said . He specifically he young Muslim he , urging them not to grow cynical young Muslim Americans " Let me say it as clearly as I can , as President of the United States , you fit in here . Right here . You ’re right where you belong . You ’re part of America too , " he said . As Obama he his speech , he said he " May he ’s peace be upon you and God Bless the United States of America the United States by a young America named Sabah Obama " This visit by our president is an affirmation to all Muslims : we are just as American as any other , our she said . " I ’m just as American a young woman named Sabah have the obligation to fulfill my loyalty American my country as any other . "   —   Sabah # MosqueVisit https :   .    —    The White House ( @WhiteHouse ) February 3 , 2016 ,   OO . ready ( function ( )   ) 
 