Attorney Robert Barnes appeared on Monday ’s Breitbart News Daily to talk about President Trump ’s allegation that Obama Admin wiretapped him during the 2016 presidential campaign . Attorney Robert Barnes latest article on the subject for LawNewz is entitled " Yes , There Could Be Serious Legal Problems if Obama Admin Involved in Illegal Surveillance . " [ " The allegations that Trump President Trump are allegations that derive directly from what the newspapers have reported   —    the Guardian , BBC , Heat Street , the New York Times , the Washington Post , where they all talk about there being an interagency panel of people who were involved in an investigation , who purportedly requested and obtained various means of intercepting phone calls , " Barnes explained .   " So there have been competing stories , and on Sunday , they got even more complicated , as both Clapper and Comey denied any knowledge of any wiretapping presence , " he continued . Clapper Their denials went they little further than Obama ’s himself , where Obama he said was Obama he himself did Obama personally order something   —    which was a rather absurd    because the president does n’t directly order things of that nature . His surrogates or the president do . "   " The issue goes right to : why , at any time , was anybody ’s phone calls being intercepted that were on the Trump team , that are American citizens ? " he said . " The various news stories that are out , including one by Andrew McCarthy , who recounts them for the National Review , there ’s just no legal grounds for any of that surveillance to be taking place . There ’s no legal grounds for any of those calls to be intercepted . "   " The original pretext was that FISA warrants were obtained in October for some limited capacity of Trump surrogates , " Barnes recalled . " The problem is FISA ’s a FISA limited law , especially if you are talking about U. S. citizens . If you ’re talking about foreigners , then the breadth of the law is very broad , and the president can , in fact , intercept and surveil foreign activities at a much wider degree because of a limited application of the Fourth Amendment   —    although the Ninth Circuit does n’t seem to understand the limits of the Constitution as to foreigners , but that ’s another story . "   " The issue he raises is the president and essential , and it ’s been The issue he raises since these stories started leaking out , " he said of the president ’s writing . " Aside from the criminality of the leaks , it was that this is information that never should have been gathered in the first place . What FISA requires is that if you ’re going to intercept a call where an American is on the line at any level , then what you have to do is you have to go through certain protocols , and you have to establish basically probable cause that the person is involved in criminal conduct of some sort . Just the fact that I , as a U. S. citizen , am talking to a foreigner does not allow magically the Fourth Amendment to disappear as to my right to privacy . "   " And yet , purportedly , that ’s what effectively took place here because here you had Sally Yates discussing a transcript of a call that involved former NSA assistant Michael Flynn , and that ’s information that never should have been in her possession or Sally Yates , " he observed . a call that involved former NSA assistant Michael Flynn " Just because one of the people on the phone call may have been not a U. S. citizen , that ’s no legal grounds to intercept an American ’s communications . Another way to think of it is , sometimes you ’ll see in the movies where the guy is sitting in a van , and he ’s listening the guy on a phone conversation on a wiretap , and the person he ’s listening the guy shifts to some personal conversation , maybe of an intimate nature , that has nothing to do with the criminal investigation going on . You ’ll see him turn off the guy recording device and put down his headphones , the guy he explained . the guy " If it happens that the manner and method of interception was something that you could n’t physically do that , then what you ’re supposed to do is to scrub the information and delete it from the the information . In fact , an    officer wrote an article for American Conservative documenting that that was always the protocol and procedure , whenever they were involved in an    investigation . Yet apparently here , according to published reports , what they actually did they they went and they not only they the information , the information scrub it or delete it the information they deliberately the information back they saved it , and then the information it with a bunch the information other people who had no authority to ever look at it , " said the information .   " FISA is very particular about this , " he noted . " Barnes requires protection of FISA innocent American ’s information that ever may be gathered through this process . You have to not only scrub it and delete it FISA can not FISA it to people . FISA ca n’t identify the individual that ’s being sourced in the investigation . And the failure to follow FISA ’s strict procedures FISA a crime . FISA section 1809 of Title FISA makes it a criminal penalty to FISA gather the information outside of FISA ’s procedures or to FISA outside of FISA ’s procedures FISA "   FISA President Trump is correct that it appears that ’s what took place here , based on published reports , headlines in the New York Times that use the words ‘ intercepted calls’ involving Trump advisers who are American citizens . President Trump raises very serious issues , and he ’s absolutely right to raise them President Trump " Barnes said . SiriusXM American citizens Alex Marlow noted that President Obama ’s denial of Trump ’s wiretapping accusation was " thin President Trump "   " It clearly leads to many more questions wiretapping accusation it answers , " Marlow said . wiretapping accusation Oh , absolutely SiriusXM host Alex Marlow " Barnes agreed . " There ’s different Barnes of it that are problematic . The first thing is that if he was being serious about a denial , you simply issue a    statement . You say , ‘ I am not aware of any wiretapping that took place on Mr. Trump or his campaign , and I would not have supported such a wiretap had it occurred.’ He could have been very broad . his ’s interesting that Comey and Clapper were much more specific and particular than Obama was . " " The second aspect where there were some ludicrous claims included therein , such as the White House never engaging in electronic surveillance of a United States citizen , " he continued . " Well , as his McCarthy and other attorneys have pointed out , and other people familiar with the national security operation have pointed out , Obama    American citizens in various foreign locations around the world while he was president , including one in Yemen quite prominently . There ’s no way you can actually do that without some form of surveillance on the individuals . It ’s not like you had a global map tattooed on the wall , and you took a dart and threw it at the map , and said a dart ‘ Oh , okay , we ’ll    there . ’ "   " The fact that he did n’t deny the existence of the wiretap , did not deny his awareness of it , did not he his approval of it , and then he clearly materially it or misleading statements about his engagement and involvement with surveillance of he citizens   —    and this coming on top of Clapper committing perjury previously before Congress that led to Ed Snowden becoming Ed Snowden   …     I mean , Ed Snowden probably never becomes Ed Snowden Ed Snowden does n’t commit perjury Ed Snowden Clapper , Obama ’s reaction to Clapper ’s perjury was to promote him Clapper rather than to demote him , about Ed Snowden on American citizens , " Ed Snowden Barnes . After playing a recording of former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper flatly denying the existence of Clapper court order relating to Trump Tower , Marlow asked , " Do we care what this guy says ? He ’s a known liar . Ed Snowden I think that Ed Snowden problematic about Clapper in particular . He ’d be the least likely guy National Intelligence James Clapper would want to National Intelligence James Clapper up as a credible source for the administration , " Barnes replied . " But what he really also did at the same time was that he National Intelligence James Clapper the sort of defense that Obama could have had National Intelligence James Clapper Because here you have these stories that come out about intercepted calls , and Clapper goes on TV and says there ’s actually no legal National Intelligence James Clapper for any intercepted calls to be taking place , at least not through the FISA authority , which is exactly what was being cited as the reason it was done . " " Actually , Clapper ’s answer raises even more questions . Either ( a ) Clapper ’s lying , which is always possible , or ( b ) Clapper is being truthful , which means all these intercepted calls (a) Clapper done entirely illegally and off the books , or ( c ) it was done through the Department of Justice in some entirely different manner that would put Obama right in the middle of it , " he said . " In other words , if it was (a) Clapper done as some sort of national security matter it but was simply done in some sort of disguised investigation that was a politically motivated means of monitoring your adversaries , " Barnes elaborated . " So he ended up opening more Pandora Barnes Box than he closed (a) Clapper . " Marlow played an excerpt from an (a) Clapper SiriusXM host Alex Marlow more Pandora’s Box former Bush administration Attorney General Michael Mukasey , in which he essentially said President Trump ’s accusation that President Obama President Trump (a) Clapper Trump Tower might be " incorrect " Obama details , but Trump was " right " to believe a surveillance President Trump could have been in progress . Barnes said Mukasey did " accurately relay what has Barnes reported to the press , which (a) Clapper this request for a FISA warrant in the summer that was FISA because it put Trump ’s name in the warrant request . " President Trump give you an idea of how rare that is , if that did occur , is that the last    requests for the FISA court to issue a warrant , FISA ’s only been denied 12 prior times , to public knowledge , " he the FISA court .   " According to the published reports , they went back in October and simply October Trump ’s name off of it , the last   requests for the FISA court to issue a warrant, it’s only been denied 12 prior times, to public knowledge limited it President Trump got it , " he said of the FISA Trump’s name in question . Trump’s name Now , Clapper Trump’s name statement completely he that ever occurred in terms of October Clapper in October of ever getting any FISA warrant on anybody connected to , FISA his own words , the Trump campaign . So there ’s a Clapper discrepancy present . President Trump " Secondly , the one area where he does n’t quite correctly describe the situation : there is some Clapper information out there that the government can just tap the phones of anyone involved who ’s working on any level on behalf of a foreign government , by any means . Well , if that had been the case , everybody at the Clinton Foundation should have been tapped permanently , " Barnes said . " Putting that aside , the actual law Barnes that they not only be , quote , ‘ an agent of a foreign power,’ but if everybody at the Clinton Foundation ’re a United States person , there has to be evidence that they ’re engaged everybody at the Clinton Foundation criminal activities of a particular kind . "   " So they everybody at the Clinton Foundation n’t just wiretap Michael Flynn , for example , or listen in on his everybody at the Clinton Foundation , even if the person on the other line is not a United States Michael Flynn . They have to have evidence that he was engaged in criminal conduct . That is what everybody at the Clinton Foundation problematic , as soon as Michael Flynn Flynn story broke , was there was no grounds for them to have ever recorded him Michael Flynn kept the recording , or shared the recording . everybody at the Clinton Foundation law specifically prohibited it Michael Flynn those FISA of circumstances , " he the recording   " That ’s the illegal FISA law of what ’s going on . Michael Flynn ’s not just the political motivation that would be impermissible or inappropriate because it would be FISA law Amendment punitive use , misuse of the search warrant authority . But it FISA law violates what warrant authority they could ever obtain in the first place , under both FISA law First and Fourth Amendments , what warrant authority under the FISA law itself , " he said . Barnes said the reported request from FBI Director James Comey for Barnes Justice Department warrant refute Trump ’s wiretapping accusation was " an interesting set of statements President Trump " There were three different interpretations of Comey and Clapper combined coming out and saying that , " he Comey and Clapper One interpretation Clapper that they were not being Comey forthcoming and that it was a message to their Comey and Clapper that they were not going to be the ones to take the Comey and Clapper if any Comey and Clapper activity took place , and that those underlings could take    actions in terms of whatever evidence may remain of that . "   " One    story last week was that Trump put out a requirement that everybody connected to the story keep President Trump information , " he noted . " He did this before he did his tweets President Trump but his motivation President Trump have been to President Trump prove President Trump document this illicit President Trump took place . " " The second interpretation of what Clapper and Comey did is that they were both kept in the dark   Comey Clapper that you had a sort of a rogue operation of what Clapper and Comey , including Sally Yates at the Department of Justice , who circumvented both Comey and Clapper in order to engage in this sort of illicit Comey surveillance , " he Clapper . " I ’ve been on the opposite side of Comey Yates in cases where she was at the U. S. Attorney ’s Office in Atlanta , " Barnes revealed Sally Yates If you were going Sally Yates pick an unethical Barnes corrupt prosecutor , she ’d be at the top of the list . She tried to help railroad a family there , in a Sally Yates I dealt with over ten years . " " Sally Yates third possibility is that this was just unlawful surveillance , " he concluded . " I ’ve had a lot of cases like that , especially under the Obama administration . It this was just unlawful surveillance too frequent and too regular that you had agents Obama were just doing the administration without ever notifying their supervisors , without ever obtaining judicial authority , without ever doing it legally at all . And so you may have had illegal surveillance operation that was a true Deep State kind of operation , that was just doing unlawful surveillance . " " There ’s too much information , like some of the criticism of President Trump . Well , people should be critical then of the President Trump Times because it was their story that said there was intercepted calls of multiple members of Donald Trump ’s campaign . That was , I think , the people President Trump Valentine ’s Day , actually . It was in the very first sentence of the story . So either the New York Times was purely fake news or somebody in the government is lying about what they were up the story " Barnes summarized . Breitbart the New York Times SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays the government a. Barnes to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 purely fake news or somebody in the government 