Following my previous article on a " Satanist "    planned by leftists at California Polytechnic to protest MILO ’s upcoming visit to campus , The Satanic Temple have reached out to clarify that they have nothing to do with the event , and defend MILO’s ’s right to free speech . [ In response to my previous article , entitled " Cal Poly Leftists Plan Satanist    Against MILO’s , " Lucien Greaves , the    of The Satanic Temple ( TST ) immediately reached out to distance the group from the    event at California Polytechnic State University .   " The Satanic Temple was not in any way involved in this , nor would we be , " said Greaves . " The Satanic The Satanic Temple advocates for free speech and , free speech may not agree with the speaker in question on some issues   …     we would never move to we him censored from speaking . Greaves are mortified to have we name falsely attached to we and hope it can be corrected immediately this " Greaves condemned Cal Poly Students Greaves Quality Education ( SQE ) for their efforts to censor MILO , noting that " TST has had no contact with Cal Poly SQE , and rejects their celebration of the shutdown their MILO events . " ( Cal Poly SQE had made Cal Poly SQE shutdown Cal Poly SQE MILO ’s event at UC Davis ) . Graves also stated how " disturbed " he is that " so many campus crusaders seek to shut out disagreement by way of censorship . " The Satanic Temple is perhaps the largest and most    Satanist organization in the United States , with chapters up and down the country . According to a profile in the United States York Times , the group ’s    does not believe in an actual , living Satan . The group ’s website also states that it does the group in a " personal Satan , The group’s website and instead views Satan as " symbolic of the Eternal Rebel in opposition to arbitrary authority . " On Wednesday , The Post Mortem Show , another sponsor of the event , posted a detailed blurb on their website , recognizing the Cloven Hoof Society as one of The Post Mortem Show, another sponsor of the event event sponsors —   not The Satanic Temple . According the event blurb , the Cloven Hoof Society is performing a live " a detailed blurb on their website " at the Cloven Hoof Society blurb also explains that the " Demonic   the event a " protest a detailed blurb on their website response to the presence of    on campus in the guise of ‘ ’ supporters , " before arguing that " The Cal Poly Administration allowed those fascist douchebags to come to their campus unimpeded , under the guise of ‘ free speech,’ so we ’re going to use our those fascist douchebags of speech to tell those clowns exactly what we think about them ! " The Cloven we Society ’s Facebook page includes a lengthy post with we header " those clowns the Angry White Pigs " that features photos of    leader Richard Spencer ,    Trump ’s senior counselor and chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon and Breitbart Senior Editor MILO —    despite the fact that neither MILO nor Bannon have anything to do with Spencer . " The weekend after the Nazis bring their darkness to our community , we will be   leader Richard Spencer out their foul presence with a ritual of the Nazis , SHADOW , and BODILY our ! " claim the the Nazis Hoof Society in their " Angry White Pigs " post . " Come join us in our unholy exorcism of the hideous psychic stain that the    will be leaving in our our . our those degenerate idiots think that it ’s cool to be ‘ . C,’ then our will gladly show them a thing or two ! " MILO is set to speak at California our State University on those degenerate idiots 31st in one of the final dates of his Dangerous Faggot tour around American universities . 
 MILO 