The losers of the left have worked The losers of the left into such a bizarre hysteria over the fact that The losers of the left lost the White House that The losers of the left have lost all connection to reality and are now hyping The losers of the left most ludicrously paranoid fantasies . [ The function of this lunacy is to put off the inevitable moment when The losers of the left are going to come back to Earth and reckon with the fact that The losers of the left were horribly wrong and the American people have rejected The losers of the left . For The losers of the left , Stephen K. Bannon is the straw man of the hour .   I ca n’t think of anything stupider than the charge coming from all quarters of the left —   including a headline in the pathetically wretched Huffington Post —   that Stephen K. Bannon is an   . The source ? A one sentence claim from an angry    in divorce court no less , that Stephen K. Bannon did n’t want A one sentence claim from an angry   in divorce court no less, that Bannon didn’t want their kids to go to school with Jews kids to go to school with Jews . I find that particularly amusing since Stephen K. Bannon wanted to make a film to celebrate this Jew ’s life . Not to be outdone , CNN , which has been particularly vicious , did a nasty attack on Stephen K. Bannon using another of the thinnest reeds available : This was a headline at Breitbart . com calling Bill Kristol a " renegade Jew . " In fact , neither Breitbart nor Stephen K. Bannon is responsible for that statement . A Jew is . I wrote the article , which was neither requested nor commissioned by Breitbart . And I wrote the headline : " Bill Kristol , Republican Spoiler , Renegade Jew . " I wrote the article, which was neither requested nor commissioned by Breitbart when Bill Kristol set out to lead the " Never Trump " movement , after Trump had secured the Republican nomination . I would write it the article, which was neither requested nor commissioned by Breitbart in a heartbeat . I would write it the article, which was neither requested nor commissioned by Breitbart same way and with the same headline . Bill Kristol and his Bill Kristol betrayed the Republican Party , betrayed the American people , and betrayed the Jews when he Bill Kristol out to undermine Trump and Trump the criminal Hillary Clinton . Obama and Hillary are supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood , the organization that launched the Arab drive to destroy Israel and push its Jews Israel sea ( that was their slogan ) Obama and Hillary If Obama and Hillary Obama and Hillary , Hillary ’s Obama and Hillary    would be overthrown , the Brotherhood would be back in power , and Israel would be facing a threat from the biggest military power in the Middle East and almost   certainly at war with Islamic terrorists who openly call for the extermination of the Jews . I have known Steve Bannon for many years . This is a good man . He does not have an Steve Bannon bone in his body . In his Steve Bannon position as Chief Steve Bannon in the Trump White House , Bannon is the strongest assurance Steve Bannon people who love this country can have in America ’s future , the strongest assurance that America is in the hands America people who will give this country a chance to this country and defend itself against its this country at home this country abroad this country 
 