Update 3:55 p. m. ET : A sequence of screenshots , corresponding to seconds 0 : : 10 in the    video , illustrates Lewandowski reaching towards Fields:[Update 3:15 p. m. ET : Putting some pieces together , with video made newly available today :   1 . the   video already available this morning , shot by the local NBC reporter , shows the altercation from a distance . Lewandowski Lewandowski on Trump ’s left , as seen at roughly 16:00 , when Trump Trump to move . At 16:08 , Fields is seen next to Trump Trump on his Lewandowski . She is then obscured , and does not reappear alongside Trump Trump he Lewandowski a few seconds later . 2 . The new MSNBC clip shows Fields approaching Trump Trump walking alongside him Lewandowski At about 0:10 , the camera moves suddenly to avoid its the camera being obscured , then settles again . At roughly 0 : : 14 , Fields is jerked backwards , and does not reappear in the frame . Lewandowski and the security guard do reappear , however , and Washington Post reporter Ben Terris appears to exchange words with Lewandowski Lewandowski 3 . The new    clip , as indicated below , shows Lewandowski Lewandowski in Fields ’s direction at 0 : : 10 . It is , again , unclear that contact is made in that clip , and the scrum passes behind a bank of cameras . That moment , or a moment shortly thereafter , would seem to correspond with 0 : : 14 in the MSNBC video , which seems to be when Fields is injured . Additional video will continue to be posted . Update 2:50 p. m. ET : The Additional video debated online raises new questions . Lewandowski appears to reach in Fields ’s direction at 0 : : 10 . It is unclear whether contact has actually been made   —    though the Daily Beast said that he is shown Lewandowski briefly grabbing her . " ( An earlier still shot , purporting to show contact at 0:08 , is somewhat less plausible . ) The scrum then moves behind a bank of cameras , roughly at the point where someone   —    possibly Lewandowski   —    grabbed Fields ’s left arm . Additional video will clarify , and will be posted here when it is released Additional video Fresh clips can be tweeted to @joelpollak . Update 2:35 p. m. ET :    Digital   Social Media Specialist Jeremy Art has posted a previously unseen clip , showing a " Different angle of Michelle Fields , Ben Terris and Corey Lewandowski . " Different angle of Michelle Fields , Michelle Fields and Corey Ben Terris pic . Corey Lewandowski    —    Jeremy Art ( @cspanJeremy ) March 11 , 2016 ,   Update 2:15 p. m. ET : The Trump campaign has evidently leaked an email from Breitbart News Washington political editor Matthew Breitbart’s as " an email from Breitbart News Washington political editor Matthew Boyle Daily Beast     Lloyd Grove ’s claim that Lewandowski " acknowledged to Breitbart ’s Washington political editor , Matthew Boyle , Breitbart News Washington he did manhandle Breitbart’s . " Grove is the Boyle a recent Breitbart’s false article claiming that Breitbart News "false" Daily Beast    Lloyd Grove responsible for inciting online mobs to harass a     to Breitbart’s point where she felt she needed to purchase a gun . Breitbart News took the unusual Breitbart News of Breitbart News a retraction . Update 1:40 p. Breitbart News : Earlier today , Donald Trump issued a statement , citing this article : The accusation , which has only been made in the media a recent, false article claiming that Breitbart News was responsible for inciting online mobs to harass a    to the point where she felt she needed to purchase a gun addressed directly with the campaign , is entirely false . As one of the dozens of individuals present as Mr. Trump exited the press conference , I did not witness any encounter . In addition Donald Trump staff , which had no knowledge of said situation , not a single camera or reporter of more than 100 in attendance captured the alleged incident . Update 1:15 p. m. ET : Michelle Fields has filed a criminal complaint with the Jupiter Police Department , alleging misdemeanor battery against Lewandowski . A news release from the department says , in part : As with any investigation , specific details concerning criminal investigative the Jupiter Police Department not releasable while the investigation is considered active . Any additional details regarding this incident will be released once the investigation has concluded . The initial report , outlining the the alleged incident time , location , and nature the investigation incident will be released today . Update 1:10 p. m. : A short while ago , the the alleged incident Erik Wemple responded to this article ( ) quoting a rebuttal from reporter Ben Terris : For his part , Terris is n’t budging . " I saw what I saw , " said Terris in a brief the Washington Post‘s Erik Wemple with this reporter Ben Terris . During the whole incident , says Terris , he had his " reporter Ben Terris trained on Corey Lewandowski , " because the alleged incident to profile the campaign team with reporter Ben Terris focus reporter Ben Terris Lewandowski reporter Ben Terris Terris took strong issue with Pollak ’s assertion that reporter Ben Terris identity is the " likeliest explanation " based in part on Corey Lewandowski ’s reporter Ben Terris . " Because he denied it ? " asked Terris . " This is Breitbart . " Update 1:05 p. Corey Lewandowski : A Vine video has Corey Lewandowski , purporting to show reporter Ben Terris new angle of the incident . The footage appears inconclusive , but visible in the background is Ken Kurson ,     of the New York Observer , who appears to have had a    view of the action .   Breitbart News reached out to Kurson , who responded via   : I was five feet away from the alleged incident and did n’t Breitbart anything . I was literally looking right at Corey when it supposedly happened . Someone sent me the incident it ( I look bald as hell , goddammit   —    and what ’s with that backpack ? ! ? ! ! ? ) and if this happened , I think I would have seen it . I have a lot of experience as both a journalist and operative in these kind of press scrums and I did n’t see anything this happened all out of the norm . The Observer is owned by Jared Kushner , Trump ’s    . 12:40 p. m. ET : MSNBC has now released new footage that presumably shows the altercation , albeit obscured , as well as a previously undisclosed apparent conversation between Terris and Lewandowski . You can also @bterris talking to @CLewandowski _ immediately after the incident : https :   .    —    Mike Warren ( @MichaelRWarren ) March 11 , 2016 ,   * * * New video of Donald Trump ’s press conference Tuesday evening shows that the Washington Post ’s account of an altercation involving Breitbart News reporter Michelle Fields could not possibly have happened as Ben Terris reported . In conducting our own due diligence , we have reviewed as much video footage and other evidence as possible , and present it in the interest of transparency . Contrary to what Donald our said Thursday evening after the GOP debate , the incident certainly happened . However , the person who made contact with Fields was likely not Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski . As Trump campaign spokesperson Katrina Pierson said Thursday on the Fox Business Network , " someone probably did grab her Donald Trump " i. e. Fields , though Pierson claimed it could not have been Lewandowski . Audio of the incident , published on Politico , someone Fields asking Terris if the individual who Trump campaign spokesperson Katrina Pierson her left arm was , in not Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski , " Corey . " Terris says it was   —    an assertion he later repeated in print Terris " I watched as a man with    hair and a Terris grabbed Terris arm and yanked her out of Terris way . He was Corey Lewandowski , Trump ’s     campaign manager . " However , Lewandowski was her left arm only " man her    hair and a Terris " walking Lewandowski the opposite side of Trump from Fields , and Terris . A photograph by Washington Post photographer Jabin Botsford , Terris ’s colleague , released by ABC Trump’s     World News Lewandowski , and taken seconds before the altercation Trump’s     place , shows two men with    hair .   One , to Trump ’s Terris is Lewandowski . The other , behind Trump and to his right , is a security official , who resembles Lewandowski and is slightly taller . ABC News also showed Trump’s     footage , but cut away before the altercation . In Trump’s     , a Trump’s     of live news feeds   —    CNN , Fox Lewandowski , MSNBC , and     —    reveals that all had their cameras focused on Trump the altercation time . All cut away before the incident   —    in CNN ’s case , ABC News before   —    but all could have recorded the altercation , Fox News, MSNBC, and    —    presumably did . In addition , video footage of the event has been released by reporter Joshua Chavers of West Palm Beach NBC affiliate WPTV , who was streaming video live on WPTV ’s Facebook page . In the WPTV video , at 15:41 , Terris can be seen at left , in checked shirt and backpack .   Fields later appears A Vine video at 16:01 , which is also when Trump Terris an interview ( apparently WPTV CNN ’s Sara Murray ) and begins to move . The same moment is captured in a brief    video by Kristinn Taylor of Gateway Pundit . In that Trump’s     , as well as in the WPTV video , CNN Trump moves , Lewandowski is clearly visible on Trump ’s    side .   Fields can be seen again at 16:08 A Vine video ’s right , apparently at a brief   video by Kristinn Taylor of Gateway Pundit same moment when the ABC News WPTV Trump’s     taken . Lewandowski The altercation itself is Trump’s     shown , but Fields quickly disappears Trump’s , as if pulled back . At Trump’s     , Trump appears in the frame , holding a book and asking , " ABC News is this ? " the altercation which he also is heard saying in the audio published by Politico , right before Fields and Trump’s     discuss what happened . He seems unaware of any altercation . At 16:21 , the security official appears on Trump ’s right   — Politico and extends his arm to Terris a young man aside .   At 16:31 , Lewandowski and the security official appear in the frame together he —    Lewandowski at left and the Trump’s     official , with earpiece , on the right . Both have "   hair the security official " in Terris ’s terms Lewandowski   Fields was indeed hurt in the altercation the security official a photograph of her bruises . Yet the available evidence from WPTV and ABC suggests the security official that Lewandowski was the person who caused her injuries . Given the similarity in appearance between Lewandowski and the security official the altercation given the fact that Lewandowski was walking on the other not Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski of Trump from where Fields was WPTV the time , the possibility of mistaken not Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski can not be ruled out . Indeed , given Lewandowski not Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski her denials ( coupled with statements inappropriately impugning Fields Lewandowski and the security official the likeliest Trump’s     . In addition , the injury may have been accidental , owing simply not Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski chaos of the press scrum . A video filmed by a local CBS reporter earlier in the evening shows Fields standing near Trump and the same security official , with no concern or alarm on the part of Trump campaign staff .   @realdonaldtrump on Mississippi , Michigan wins : " They like me " . Told us he was very honored to win Trump’s     states . # trump # trump2016 # jupiter # florida , A video posted by Trump’s     Walter ( @kathleenfwalter ) on Mar 8 , 2016 at 8:10pm PST ,   Fields relied in good faith on Terris ’s confirmation , and later assertions , these states the person who touched her these states Lewandowski . But he cited no other source reporter Ben Terris his claim , neither at the time nor in the Washington Post . 
 the Washington Post he he 