My good friend and Breitbart colleague Mike Flynn died unexpectedly on Thursday . [ I weep at his passing .   his is irreplaceable . We worked closely on a number of investigative reports for Breitbart , and I can attest through    experience that Breitbart journalistic integrity was impeccable . We looked at the world through a similar lens , as you might expect of two Irish politicos who rejected the Democratic Party ’s intrusive statism , were skeptical of the Republican establishment , and embraced constitutionally limited government and individual liberty . " Mike was a fighter , first and foremost   …      [ who ] lived Mike life to advance the cause of liberty , " Breitbart Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon said , and I can attest to this as well . Mike Flynn was Mike Flynn own man —   independent , driven , honest , and indefatigable . I valued Mike Flynn opinion , and would often run drafts of more high profile stories by Mike Flynn . Mike Flynn knew True North , and always pointed me in that direction . Our collaborative investigations —   often conducted with a third member of Mike Flynn ’s Irish reporting triumvirate , Matthew Boyle —   exposed the hypocrisies and deceptions that are rampant among the country ’s political elite . Our reveled in Our discoveries and Our reporting . Mike Flynn prose was clean and tight , free of unnecessary flourishes , but always direct and pointed . When you read a Mike Flynn story , you usually learned something you did n’t know before . Mike Flynn was n’t a cut and paste aggregator . Mike Flynn was a journalist who presented the facts , then added unique analysis others often missed . Mike Flynn last story , published just hours before Mike Flynn untimely passing , is emblematic of that distinctive Mike Flynn style . " On Wednesday , in a    speech criticizing Hillary Clinton ’s record and fitness of office , Donald Trump renewed questions about the Clintons , Donald Trump eponymous foundation and Donald Trump financial relationships with China , " Mike wrote in Donald Trump lede . Donald Trump packed a lot of information into that    word sentence , but that   word sentence did not drag on . Note the economical use of " their eponymous foundation , "   expressing in three words what many others might have taken several more to do . Then in that   word sentence came the hard facts . " In 2011 , while Hillary Clinton was serving as Secretary of State , Bill Clinton Hillary Clinton 750 , 000 for two speeches , paid for by a Chinese business group and an entity controlled by the Chinese government , " he wrote . Hillary Clinton the third that   word sentence unique Mike Flynn take . " Those two paid speeches merely scratch the surface of the Clintons’ ‘ China Syndrome,’ " he added . I liked Syndrome,’ admired Flynn ’s writing style because Mike Flynn was always engaging . Mike also had the heart of a lion . If you were in a fight , you wanted Mike next to you . Mike he would Mike , unflinching Mike giving no quarter , and expecting none in return . He was a true and Mike friend , who I always knew had my back . We at Breitbart mourn his passing . Mike will Mike his friendship and his advice Mike In my Mike , I believe there is a celebration in heaven today , as Mike is welcomed with these words : " Well done , my good and faithful servant . " 
 