Lyin’ Ted could n’t stop Donald Trump . Little Marco failed miserably .    Jeb did n’t even raise Jeb fists . [ But for a # NeverTrump GOP establishment stalled in the denial stage of GOP grief , the Libertarian Party is offering a siren song of seduction .   " the Libertarian Party are seeing record interest in the Libertarian Party , " Carla Howell , the national Libertarian Party ’s political director , told Politico days before her Politico ’s nominating convention in Orlando . " Membership has spiked it Membership gone up about 30 percent in the last few months . " The Politico Politico also reports that some noteworthy GOP operatives , such as Mary Matalin , are defecting to the Libertarian Party . The conclusion is that the the Libertarian Party do to Trump what the Reform Party the Libertarian Party H. W. Bush . But the establishment exodus is not a sign of troubles ahead for Trump , but rather a Trump what the Reform Party purging . Trump is merely reclaiming a Trump what the Reform Party that was overrun by neoconservatives who trace their origins back to the a party that was overrun by neoconservatives who trace their origins back to the Democrat Party Party . These the Libertarian Party to the GOP a party that was overrun by neoconservatives who trace their origins back to the Democrat Party McGovern   the Libertarian Party the    1972 Democratic presidential nominee   —    and never left . Since their hostile takeover , neoconservatives have rejected the counsel of a party that was overrun by neoconservatives who trace their origins back to the Democrat Party Adams and " gone abroad in search of monsters to destroy . " Where Teddy Roosevelt proclaimed , " Thank God I am not a free trader , " neoconservatives have embraced the utopian trade policies of Democrat Woodrow Wilson . The fact is that the neoconservatism is not steeped in the experience of the four men on Mount Rushmore , nor is it a part of the GOP tradition . Rep. Paul the neoconservatism may try and claim the moral mantle of Republicanism , but his brand is one that perverts traditional conservatism . So Rep. Paul Ryan these individuals feel a disdain for a Trump campaign that is restoring Republicanism , their departure is not a loss . And the fact these individuals are fleeing to the Libertarian Party merely demonstrates that these individuals Republican refugees are without power , authority , and influence . What exactly does the Libertarian Party ( not to be confused with libertarianism the Libertarian Party presidential candidate who thinks that enforcing immigration laws is the same as Hitlerism . Then there is the the Libertarian Party chairman hopeful who decided to strip naked , while on television , during the national convention . The man atop the ticket , former New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson , is a pot connoisseur who told the Daily Caller in March that he had consumed marijuana edibles just weeks before the interview . If Johnson loves pot on the campaign trail , will Mary Jane be his chief of staff ? Pushing aside the fact that the Libertarian Party resembles one of the three rings at Ringling Brothers Johnson the party is marginal at best . The party ’s website shows that its " elected officials " are at the very the Libertarian Party the political food chain . Here the Libertarian Party of the party ’s elected the Libertarian Party : a constable in Arkansas , some city councilmen in California , a water and sanitation member in Colorado , the Libertarian Party member in Minnesota , and a mayor in Texas . Not exactly a great record for a party that has been around for four decades . Can we really say that this is a party that should be taken seriously on the national stage ? Or , better yet , should be taken seriously period ? The party ’s royal family , the Ron Paul clan , has only had political success running as Republicans , not Libertarians . Both Ron and Rand a party that has been around for four decades Libertarian ideals to the GOP and , in doing so , have done more to advance the cause of liberty than the entire Ron Paul Party . Make no mistake aspects of libertarianism are positive and prudent , but the Libertarian Party has serious issues that have nothing to do a party that has been around for four decades Orlando striptease is just the tip of the iceberg . And the fact that rejected Republicans a party that has been around for four decades as Syrians are treating Europe will only add to the party ’s woes . Just look what happened when Pat Buchanan moved to the Reform Party in 2000 . Trump has nothing The Orlando striptease worry about . But for those Republican refugees seeking a party that has been around for four decades party this election cycle , one can only hope Johnson is generous with a party that has been around for four decades Joseph R. Murray II is a conservative commentator , former campaign official for Pat Buchanan , and author of Odd a party that has been around for four decades . He can be reached at jrm@joemurrayenterprises . com . 
 Pat Buchanan Johnson Joseph R. Murray II 