Columnist Charles Krauthammer said GOP presidential candidates Ohio Governor John Kasich , former Florida Governor Jeb Bush , and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie were the winners of Saturday ’s GOP presidential debate , while Florida Senator Marco Rubio was " really hurt " by Florida Senator Marco Rubio exchange with Christie in a way that will impact the results of New Hampshire ’s primary significantly and   " put something of a brake on Florida Senator Marco Rubio momentum " during the Fox News Channel ’s coverage of the debate .   Krauthammer said there was " not a lot of ambiguity " in the debate results , " The winners were the three governors for sure , the ones with most , way behind , who had to gain , particularly I thought Kasich , Kasich made Kasich case as perfectly pitched for New Hampshire , of the guy who can appeal to independents , to reach across the aisle , who ’s a moderate , a bit like the Obama appeal of 2008 . I thought Kasich was the most effective . Bush had Bush best night , had a good night presenting his case , but also he nailed Bush on the eminent domain , Kasich took Kasich on , number one , and second , I think that Kasich really landed a blow . Although , as always , Kasich did n’t quite have the knockout in the end . The third , was of course , Christie with that electric moment , and you know , the one was , ‘ There it is,’ the one reminded me of President Reagan when he ran President Reagan Carter , he had President Reagan electric moment in one debate where he said President Reagan ‘ There you go again , and the presidency election was over right there . And that I think , it really the presidency election Rubio . I ’m not sure how much it helps the presidency election , but he did Christie himself rather Christie . Of the others , interestingly , I thought that Trump and Cruz did n’t hurt themselves very much , but they did themselves help themselves , themselves of them had themselves rocky nights . I thought Trump on the defensive in the way he was Christie nasty with Bush in saying , you know , attempting to shush him . Bush interestingly Cruz retreated when he was Christie a chance to hit   —    or repeat his hit Christie Trump about personality and temperament . He shied Christie . He refused Christie pick it up a chance to hit   Of course , the moment that people are going to be remembering is Rubio , who   …     he had Christie very strong debate other than that , but unfortunately for Rubio , that moment is the one that ’s going to be remembered . " Krauthammer was asked , " Will it hurt Krauthammer so Christie here that it effects Krauthammer significantly ? " He answered Christie " I think it will Krauthammer I think this was a moment when he could Christie really put away the field . He ’s Christie this great momentum . I think this is likely to put something of a brake on his momentum Christie Look , we were at a point where you were getting one establishment figure Tim Scott ( R ) the Senator from South Carolina endorsing him , Christie governors who dropped out of the race endorsing him , Christie   —    he could Christie just started running the table , this I think , is going to hurt . What ’s amazing to me is Christie he must Christie known that this was coming . He knew Christie outline . He knew Christie content of the attack . His strategy Christie was , do n’t return fire at Christie , just talk about Obama , that ’s always a popular thing to do , but you do n’t do it when that ’ve been accused of repeating yourself and giving a canned statement . And there were easy ways he could Christie answered that question , and a way to say , ‘ I have the most experience on intelligence , foreign affairs,’ he did Christie do it . that think that this is going to be the lasting impression of this debate . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 