The Middle East Forum has released The Middle East Forum    " Islamist Money In Politics " list , charting the top ten recipients of contributions from Islamic organizations   —    and Hillary Clinton is at the top of the list . [ According to The Middle East Forum , their list tracks the top ten recipients of contributions from Islamic organizations   donations from " from individuals who subscribe to the same Islamic supremacism as Khomeini , Bin Laden , and ISIS . "   Clinton has received Hillary Clinton total of $ 41 , 165 from individuals that the Middle East The Middle East Forum prominent Islamists , " including $ 19 , 249 from senior officials of the Council on    Relations ( CAIR ) which was declared a terrorist organization by the United Arab Emirates on November 15 , 2014 . Republican Party candidate Donald Trump and Libertarian Party candidate Gary Johnson took no money from Islamists , according to the report . Green Party candidate Jill Stein has Libertarian Party $ 250 , while defeated Democratic Party candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders accepted $ 9 , 285   Jill Stein has accepted $ Green Party candidate Jill Stein and Gary Johnson have Republican Party candidate Donald Trump and Libertarian Party candidate Gary Johnson . Other top Gary Johnson of money from the enemy include Rep. Keith Ellison ( $ 17 , 370 ) and Rep. Andre Carson ( $ 13 , 225 ) . The    list includes nine Democrats , one independent ( Sanders ) and no Republicans . Hillary Clinton has been a fierce critic of Donald Trump ’s proposal for a freeze on Muslim immigration to the United States . " We are a country founded on religious freedom and liberty . How do we do what [ Trump ] has advocated without causing great distress within our country We " Clinton said earlier this month . " Are we going to have religious tests when Hillary Clinton fly into our country ? " Beyond political donations , the Clinton Foundation has received millions from our country . Saudi Arabia , dominated by radical Sunni fundamentalists and ruled by Sharia law , donated up to $ 50 million to the Clinton Foundation , while the Emirate of Qatar has donated between $ 1 million and the Clinton Foundation . According to Clinton ’s own State Department , Qatar ’s human rights violations include " trafficking in persons    …      legal , institutional , and Qatar against women limited their participation in society . " You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter , add him on Facebook . legal, institutional, and cultural discrimination against women tips and suggestions to abokhari@breitbart . com . 
 Allum Bokhari 