Rich , old , white men haunt Christine Brennan . [ Upscale , stale , pale males give Christine Brennan nightmares . Within the U. S. Golf Association , this group , and the group allies suffering from false consciousness , honored the group ’s commitment to play the 2017 U. S. Women ’s Open at Trump National Golf Club . And if the name did n’t give the name away , the deplorable Donald , who also just happened to win election as leader of the free world last week , owns the course .   This can not stand , according to Ms. Brennan . Ms. Brennan writes , " A national championship hosted by the President of the United States ? Is n’t that the stuff of our dreams ? Actually with this man , it ’s more like a nightmare . " Not exactly heeding Obama ’s and Hillary ’s call to give    Trump a chance , huh ? Hillary goes on to drill down into who ’s behind this travesty of , um , honoring the contract , existing for years , with Trump National . " Trump National biggest problem in attracting new golfers from an increasingly diverse America ? " Hillary asks . " The perception that golf is a sport for rich , white men . And now the USGA is unable to act , paralyzed by a rich , white man who has ridiculed almost everyone but his cronies and peers , almost all of whom are rich , white men . " Hillary ’s says her Hillary to move the tournament would be heeded if only if it were n’t for those old , rich white men . " If you had a spine you could . If you had a moral compass . If you were outraged at the way Trump so brazenly admitted he Trump women . If you truly cared about the image you ’re projecting for the women and girls you ’re desperately trying to attract to your game . That ’s a lot of ‘ ifs’ for a       organization like the USGA to overcome , " she writes . It probably bears noting that the president of the the USGA Diana Murphy , is , as her name she , a woman . But that fact goes unmentioned shockingly enough . Think it would have been mentioned if the USGA president was named Thurston Rutherford Hollingsworth III ? How dare the USGA the USGA to the demands of this national sports columnist who happens to be a woman ? Christine Brennan has the moral authority to demand this because although she may be Christine Brennan , stale and pale   …     she ai n’t Christine Brennan male ! 
 