Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos , spoke at West Virginia University today discussing the    Donald Trump , the death of Fidel Castro and campus free speech censorship via security fee price increases . [   " I mean , I ’m a flamboyant , ridiculous faggot , " said MILO stating the obvious , " but It ’s still easier to take me seriously than some of my detractors . Every voice on the Left bleated about how they feared protests and riots by angry Donald Trump supporters if and when Donald Trump lost the election , yet it is the leftists they destroying property and blocking roads . Everyone can see where the hate is coming from . Everyone . " MILO continued . " It is sort of like how they are claiming the election was rigged right after they they that was impossible . Democrats , the difference between social media and real life is you can not just delete what you said and pretend it never happened .   You ’re hypocrites   —    and these riots and recount demands expose you . " " The protesters themselves will have good jobs available if they The protesters themselves to go straight . Otherwise they The protesters themselves be dealing with men like Sheriff David Clarke and Sheriff Joe Arpiao .   Good luck , guys . My money is on the sheriffs . To give you a flavour of how utterly miserable the Left is about all this , we are now in a    period in which leftists are faking hate crimes in an effort to paint Trump supporters negatively . " said MILO . Referencing an event from a few weeks ago MILO MILO : " A Muslim woman at the University of Louisiana claimed Trump Trump attacked her A Muslim woman at the University of Louisiana It did n’t happen . A gay man from Canada named Chris Ball says he A gay man from Canada named Chris Ball also attacked , and posted graphic pictures with a bloody face as proof . It also did n’t happen , according to the police . Do you have any idea how poor your hate crime hoax story has to be for the increasingly partisan Snopes . com to say it ’s untrue ? "   " These hoax crimes remind me of Rolling Stone . " said MILO referencing Emma ‘ Mattress Girl’ Sulkowicz ,   " They These hoax crimes out to report on the rape culture of American campuses , but when they These hoax crimes n’t find any examples , they These hoax crimes made shit up . As usual , I am ahead of the curve . I wrote a long time ago about the growing epidemic of fake hate crimes that has sprung up over the past 10 years   —    and opened the last leg of my Dangerous Faggot tour by asking why lesbians commit so many of them lesbians " MILO continued . " Hoaxers are only harming their Hoaxers cause . While many are likely to avoid immediate punishment for making up stories in place of actual hate crimes by Trump supporters   —    which do n’t exist   —    what the Trump Trump means for these imaginative fools is a wonderfully incriminating social media trail for potential employers . " " Media cycles end , but the Internet never forgets . This is a valuable lesson especially for college students . Many of   the hoaxers come from campus , and they Many of  the hoaxers ruining their Many of  the hoaxers . The two liberals at Northwestern who defaced the interfaith chapel with spraypaint are n’t likely to find a job unless it is for George Soros , or maybe a pizza restaurant in Washington DC . " Written from prepared remarks .   Watch the full event below .  
 