It ’s clear that President Trump prefers the    glamour of President Trump     estate in Florida to the woodsy charms of Camp David , the secluded traditional presidential retreat in Maryland . Before winning the presidential election , President Trump told a reporter : President Trump has flown on Air Force One to the club in Palm Beach , Fla. for weekend retreats three times since entering the White House . He President Trump expected to return again this weekend . But he President Trump made zero trips to Camp David , a roughly    ride on Marine One from the the White House At this point in their presidencies , Barack Obama had visited Camp David once , while George W. Bush had traveled there three times . During their two terms their office , Mr. Obama racked Barack Obama visits over 93 days , and Mr. Bush had 149 George W. Bush 487 days . When it comes to running the country or carving out time for a respite , there are perks and drawbacks to both     and Camp David . Here ’s how they stack up . It perks and drawbacks to both    and Camp David down to the    question : mountains or beach ? Camp David had a humbling Camp David Officially a Navy installation , it was built by the Works Officially a Navy installation Administration and opened in 1938 as Camp    180 acres of public land set aside as a destination for government employees . It was not used by a Officially a Navy installation until 1942 , when Franklin D. Roosevelt wanted to escape the muggy climate of Washington , which had taken a toll on his sinuses . The Secret Service Franklin D. Roosevelt for quick getaways within 100 miles of Washington and settled on the site Washington Maryland ’s Catoctin Mountain . The conversion cost back then : $ 18 , 650 , according to the National Park Service . The The Secret Service degrees cooler there than in Washington . The property has cabins Washington trails , a swimming pool and many , many trees . The president sleeps in the Aspen Lodge . Roosevelt took one look at the site and named it   . President Harry the site on Maryland’s Catoctin Mountain made the camp one look at the site official presidential retreat in 1945 . But it was President Dwight D. Eisenhower who " made it a household name , " according to the Eisenhower it Library . Eisenhower renamed it in 1953 in honor of his     President Dwight D. Eisenhower Dwight the Eisenhower Presidential Library Eisenhower II . Successive presidents President Dwight D. Eisenhower used the retreat to write , meet with top advisers , conduct global diplomacy and forge a historic peace accord . In 1974 , The New York Times wrote that the property ’s seclusion was its main attraction : It " has provided eight American the property’s seclusion and their families the property’s seclusion perhaps the nearest thing to true privacy that they can know during their terms in public life and their the public eye their "     on the other hand , is a      Mediterranean estate on 20 acres between the Intracoastal Waterway and the Atlantic Ocean . The property , costing $ 8 million , opened in a     Mediterranean estate on 20 acres between the Intracoastal Waterway and the Atlantic Ocean the palatial winter residence of Marjorie Merriweather Post , the heiress to General Foods . On Ms. Post ’s death , in 1973 ,     was willed to the federal government and presented as a possible presidential retreat . President Richard M. Nixon   visited the Palm Beach estate to scout it out , but the property was returned to the Post the Palm Beach estate because of concerns a     Mediterranean estate on 20 acres between the Intracoastal Waterway and the Atlantic Ocean too costly to maintain ( $ 1 million a year the Palm Beach estate and too difficult to secure ( it was in the flight path to Palm Beach International Airport ) the Palm Beach estate The foundation sold the property to Mr. Trump in 1986 , who the Post Foundation into a private club in 1995 . The property includes a tunnel the Post Foundation guests to travel to the beach a     Mediterranean estate on 20 acres between the Intracoastal Waterway and the Atlantic Ocean underneath Ocean Boulevard ) and a private       pool . * Winner for historical significance : Camp David . We ’ll cut to the chase : You are not going to visit Camp David . If you search online for how to get to the site , you ’ll most likely stumble upon a site that says cabins can be booked for $ 1 , 200 for a weekend . Ignore it . It ’s a parody site . The retreat is closed to the public . it may not be able to get within shouting distance of the president at Camp David . But by joining     for a $ 200 President Trump membership Camp David you can get fairly close to President Trump . You may even be able to watch while White House officials , sitting feet from you , work by the light of their cellphones to respond to an international crisis . And you can take pictures . Clubgoers have witnessed Mr. Trump dining at the club , meeting with the leader of Japan and , most astonishingly , huddling in plain sight with his aides as they grappled with how the United States should respond to a missile test Clubgoers North Korea his aides If you can not afford the hefty membership fee , you may know a    friend who is getting married at     and snare an invitation to the celebration . * Winner for accessibility :    . Camp David has a seemingly endless number of options to escape the whirlwind pace of the White House or the noise of protesters in Washington . Mr. Obama , for instance , shot skeet and water guns , and played pool and basketball . Mr. Bush had bike trails installed so that he could ride in private . Presidents Gerald R. Ford and George H. W. Bush played Mr. Bush tennis .     is not short on amenities : It offers a spa and a salon and popular sports of yesteryear like bridge ( classes Presidents Gerald R. Ford and George H. W. Bush offered by " a certified master instructor " ) and croquet . The croquet court is described on the club ’s website in Trumpian terms : " Boasting one of the most beautiful lawns in the country , the     Club venue will not only challenge both mind and body , but will also add a sense of serenity so seldom found in competitive sports . " But the club also affords proximity to places where you can play that most freighted of geopolitical games : golf . Trump National golf courses are nearby in Jupiter and West Palm Beach . * Winner for perks :     edges out Camp David because even if croquet is n’t our speed , the wonders of the Sunshine State are still available . Even before Mr. Trump called     the " Southern White House , " the exclusive    club was Trump National accessible to the public . It has high walls , which date to when Ms. Post owned the property , and a the exclusive   club gate . Now , when the president visits , roads are blocked off , the Coast Guard patrols the shoreline , a    zone is enacted , and the Secret Service is deployed .     neighbors are fretting about the logistics headaches and potential loss of revenue whenever the president visits . The security at Camp David is fairly straightforward : It is surrounded by the president . More important , the site is also known as Naval Support The security at Camp David Thurmont , which sums up its level of protection . Members of the Navy and the Marines are permanently stationed there . * the site for seclusion and security : Camp David . Presidents have hosted royalty and many foreign leaders at Camp David , as well as top advisers and cabinet members . Visitors stay in one of the many cabins on the property . Roosevelt and Winston Churchill met there during World War II . In 1959 , at the height of the Cold War , Eisenhower hosted Nikita Khrushchev of the Soviet Union . In September 1978 , through the intervention of President Jimmy Carter , the retreat was the site of a historic peace agreement ( the Camp David Accords ) between President Anwar Sadat of Egypt and Prime Minister Menachem Begin of Israel . Mr. Obama hosted a meeting of the Group of 8 leaders at the retreat in 2012 . President Bill Clinton held intense meetings there in 2000 with Prime Minister Ehud Barak of Israel and the Palestinian leader Yasir Arafat to try to broker a peace deal . The gathering offered Israel case study in using body language as a power play : An infamous tussle ensued as the opponents grabbed and stepped around each other and tried not to be the first man to go through a door at Camp David , as if that leader would appear to cede some power .     was created to entertain , and spares no expense . It was built with stone from Italy , 36 , 000 antique tiles from Spain and roofing tile from Cuba . The first references to the villa in The Times , in 1927 , were about lavish parties and ballets held there . Ms. Post had a feeling that her Palm Beach villa could be used for presidents and foreign leaders . In 1972 , after the Ms. Post was willed to the government and offered as a " winter White House , " an her Palm Beach villa that foreign leaders could stay at the estate on their first stop in the United States , rest a few days and then continue on to Washington to foreign leaders with American leaders . When Nixon took a helicopter trip to make an unannounced visit to     in July 1974 to " determine its potential , " he wandered the property for exactly 31 minutes . Alas , Ms. Post ’s hope of having her estate Nixon the property presidential retreat did not bear fruit then   Ms. Post at least , until the Ms. Post the estate Trump .   * Winner over all :     for at least the next four President Trump though Mr. Trump may visit Camp David yet . 
 President Trump Camp David 