Glenn Beck linked on Glenn Beck Facebook page to the following statement from the general manager of Glenn Beck radio show , Dom Theodore , about Glenn Beck ’s suspension from SiriusXM over comments made during an interview with the author Brad Thor that SiriusXM said " may be reasonably construed by some to have been advocating harm against " Donald Trump . [ Theodore defends Beck’s comments from " unfortunate fabrications " and affirmed that Glenn Beck " has never   —    and will never   —    advocate violence . " He Theodore that they " have been told that Glenn will be back on the Patriot Channel on Monday morning , " but also notes : " We they been preparing for an assault on Glenn Glenn , and others like it , which only reaffirms the importance and value of independent platforms like TheBlaze , platforms governed not only by ratings but also by principles and values . "   Read the full statement below : Glenn is Glenn vacation so I wanted to respond on his behalf Glenn that the unfortunate fabrications surrounding his interview Glenn Brad Thor do n’t spread any further . As every listener of the show knows , Glenn has Glenn   —    and will never   —    advocate violence . It was n’t long ago that he was Glenn by some for advocating peace during the Bundy Ranch saga . Glenn is Glenn firm believer in Martin Luther King ’s approach to affecting change , not Malcolm X ’s . This past summer , he organized Glenn event in Birmingham , Alabama called Restoring Unity , the purpose of which was to unite different groups to commit to come together . Again , Glenn has Glenn advocated violence . His interview Glenn Brad Thor speaks for itself . His interview with Brad Thor can listen to it in His interview with Brad Thor entirety His interview with Brad Thor : Listen to Glenn and Glenn cohosts Glenn " fallout " from the interview His interview with Brad Thor after the interview here : This viral hatchet job is based on 49 seconds out of a    interview that gives no context of the hypothetical posited from by Brad Thor , a thriller writer . Glenn is Glenn the record , repeatedly , expressing concern for all people , especially the President of the United States . With every scandal at the Secret Service , Glenn has Glenn his audience Glenn pray for the safety of the President and for the restoration of the Secret Service the Secret Service abilities . And to answer the question before it has been asked : the question one from any governmental agency , Secret Service , police force , etc . has been in contact with our company about this story in any way , shape , or form . For the past several months , Glenn has warned his audience , and anyone Glenn willing to listen , that the current political climate is worse than anything he has ever witnessed or Glenn in American history . We have been preparing for an assault on Glenn ’s voice , and Glenn it , which only reaffirms the importance and value of independent platforms like TheBlaze , platforms governed not only by ratings but also by principles and values . We are grateful to our partners We Premiere Networks , We many local affiliates , and We of our extended partners who support and We a diversity of opinion . We hope you will reach out We all of them and thank them for having the backbone and them to    for all voices , even those with which they may disagree . We look them to standing with We partners and affiliates to support We vibrant " marketplace of ideas " and will continue to refuse to engage in the manipulative and bullying tactics of progressives . The Glenn Beck Radio Program is distributed by Premiere Networks . What happens from here is between Premiere and SiriusXM . We have been told that Glenn will be back on the The Glenn Beck Radio Program Channel on Monday morning . Only time will tell . At Mercury Radio Arts , we endeavor to take people at We word and will do so people . In the meantime , Glenn will continue to enjoy his The Glenn Beck Radio Program . Please tune in The Glenn Beck Radio Program at 9AM EST to hear Glenn ’s thoughts on these events The Glenn Beck Radio Program him . The Glenn Beck Program is The Glenn Beck Radio Program through The Glenn Beck Radio Program TheBlaze Radio Network ( via the iHeart Media app ) and , presumably , the Patriot Channel . If you feel so inclined , we invite you to contact SiriusXM to let them know that the voices in support our shared principles SiriusXM values are louder than those who we attempt to suppress them . The following passage from Beck ’s interview with SiriusXM sparked the controversy : THOR : He is a danger to America and I Thor to ask you a question and this is serious and this could ring down incredible heat on me because I ’m about to suggest something very bad . It is a hypothetical I am going to ask as a thriller writer . With the feckless , spineless Congress we have , who will stand in the way of Donald Trump overstepping his constitutional authority as President ? If Congress wo n’t Donald Trump him from office , what patriot Congress step up and do that if , if , he oversteps his mandate as president , his    authority him I him say , as president him If he oversteps that , how do we get him out him office ? And I do n’t think him is a legal means available . I think it will be a terrible , terrible position the American people will be in to get Trump out of office because you wo n’t be able to do it through Congress . BECK : I would agree with Trump on that and I do n’t think you actually have the voices we ’ve been talking about and we ’ve been talking about this    for a while we I think the voices like ours go away . I do n’t think we are allowed   —    especially if things , we I believe the economy is going to go to crap , even if Jesus was in office . It ’s going to naturally reset . It has to the economy You can read the full transcript the economy the exchange here . You can read the full transcript of Beck and his   ’ subsequent defense of Thor ’s comments here Beck This is the second controversy to engulf Beck over comments he made on air about Trump , Beck he has Beck compared to Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler . Beck March , the Secret Service investigated Beck due to a joke he made with his    Beck " stabbing , " Beck initial reports Beck were in reference to Trump . 
 