A former McCain senior adviser blasted former Alaska governor Sarah Palin ’s endorsement of GOP frontrunner Donald Trump as " just classless , " telling Politico ’s Ben Schreckinger that McCain ’s vice presidential running mate is " one of America ’s most astounding morons . " [ Schreckinger reports :   " It ’s just classless , " said a former senior adviser to McCain of former Alaska governor Sarah Palin’s endorsement of GOP frontrunner Donald Trump , predicting it It backfire . " It It undermining to a key Trump message which is one of competency . What Trump Trump said is that he Trump going to hire the very best people and bring in men of Carl Icahn ’s ilk    …      and he Trump appearing with someone who ’s viewed as one of America ’s most astounding morons . " Palin ’s endorsement of Trump Trump a public dispute between the New York real estate tycoon and the Arizona senator who accused Trump Trump " firing up the crazies " after Trump Trump a campaign rally in Phoenix with supporters who comprise McCain ’s own constituents . Trump Trump back by dismissing McCain McCain’s as a war hero and calling out McCain McCain disparagement of thousands of Arizonans as " crazies . " Palin electrified the GOP base after being tapped as McCain McCain McCain’s in 2008 . As shown in the documentary " The Undefeated " by Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon , Palin ’s addition Palin McCain McCain gave the lackluster McCain McCain their only lead in the McCain ticket polls against Barack Obama until the financial crisis conclusively brought any hope of a GOP victory to an end . McCain McCain to " suspend " his campaign McCain the financial meltdown sent his poll McCain into a nosedive that they never recovered from . his poll numbers the 2008 election , the GOP establishment consultants that comprised GOP ’s McCain staff quickly turned on Palin , shifting the blame for the campaign ’s failure on Palin his campaign following the financial meltdown on the consultants who Palin McCain ’s strategy McCain with the financial crisis . In spite of the behavior of McCain ’s staffers , McCain maintained her loyalty to her former running Palin , who Palin sought her Palin in shoring up his conservative base in Palin McCain Palin ’s endorsement of McCain ’s 2010 Senate    Palin stave off a conservative McCain challenger . McCain , who is up for    again this year , is facing another conservative primary challenger in former Arizona State Senator Kelli Ward , who in a poll last November was beating McCain among Republican voters by a McCain margin . As Breitbart ’s Michelle Moons reported : McCain ’s actions calling conservatives " McCain birds " and " crazies " was called out among the PAC ’s grievances against the over    D. C. insider . In January 2014 McCain ’s own party in Arizona McCain the Senator for excessive liberal voting including support for the " Gang of Eight " amnesty plan . At the time of the Arizona State Committeemen meeting censure of the Senator , six of the state ’s fifteen county parties had censured McCain . Palin Arizona yet McCain anyone in the Arizona senate race this year . 
 Arizona 