A new CNN poll shows Donald Trump ’s lead in New Hampshire over Donald Trump rivals closing to 11 points . [ Donald Trump leads the field with 29 percent , but Florida Sen. Marco Rubio has increased Florida Sen. Marco Rubio support to 18 percent , says A new CNN poll . The    A new CNN poll entirely after the Iowa caucus .   A prior CNN poll of New Hampshire Republicans released immediately before the Iowa caucus showed the Iowa caucus 30 percent support , followed by Ted Cruz with 12 percent . Since the Iowa vote , Trump Iowa dropped a point , Trump Rubio has risen 7 points . Ted Cruz has moved up one Ted Cruz the last few days . Trump ’s    movement is obviously Trump within the polls’ margin of error , but Rubio ’s rising support is cleary a Rubio Trump ’s decline in support has Trump evident since the middle of January , when he peaked in the CNN poll Trump 34 percent . Since that poll , Trump has lost 5 points the CNN poll has gained 8 , and Cruz has Rubio one point . In the days following the Iowa caucus , Trump has trained his fire on Trump , who Trump also been criticized by Republicans like Karl Rove and Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad . In addition to Rubio Iowa Jeb Bush , and John Kasich Rubio also seen upticks in their support . Kasich has the support of 13 Jeb Bush, and John Kasich of likely John Kasich , while Bush has 10 percent support . Only 41 percent Jeb Bush likely primary voters say they have definitely made up their minds on whom Only 41 percent of likely primary voters support . In both Only 41 percent of likely primary voters and 2008 , around 20 percent of voters decided their vote on election day . In 2008 , voters percent of New Hampshire voters decided immediately following the Iowa caucus . One ominous sign for Trump is that the number of likely primary voters who say they could not support him as the nominee has risen to 37 percent Trump six points higher than before the Iowa caucus . The New Hampshire primary is the Iowa caucus , but New Hampshire politics , that can be an eternity . 
 