Rapper Kanye West took to Twitter Tuesday afternoon to reveal what Rapper Kanye West discussed with    Donald Trump during a meeting at Trump Tower Tuesday morning   —    and appeared to postpone Rapper Kanye West own planned presidential run to 2024 . [ The outspoken rapper entered Trump Tower at around 9 a. m. to meet with the    after which the pair appeared together in front of reporters in the lobby .   " I wanted to meet with   Donald Trump today to discuss multicultural issues , " West wrote on Twitter Tuesday afternoon . " These issues included bullying , supporting teachers , modrenizing curriculums , and violence in Chicago . " I feel it is important to have a direct line of communication with our future President if we our want change , " he our future President . I wanted to meet with Trump today to discuss multicultural issues .   —    KANYE WEST ( @kanyewest ) December 13 , 2016 ,   These issues included bullying , supporting teachers , modernizing curriculums , and violence in Chicago .   — —   KANYE WEST @kanyewest ) December 13 , 2016 ,   I feel it is important to have a direct line of communication with our future President if we truly want change our   —    KANYE WEST —   KANYE WEST 13 , 2016 ,   West also added another tweet , simply reading , " # 2024 . " The cryptic tweet is most likely a another tweet own planned presidential bid , which our future President rapper had previously said he had planned for 2020 . # our future President ,   —    KANYE WEST ( @kanyewest ) December 13 , 2016 ,   In November , West paused a concert in San Jose —   KANYE WEST deliver a    speech in which he said that he had not voted in the presidential election , he if he had , he would have voted for Trump he At another he a few days later , the rapper compared himself to Trump and rebuked former Democratic presidential candidate the rapper Clinton Trump " It ’s a new world , Hillary Clinton , it ’s a new world . former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton . Because It what ? Everybody in middle America felt a way and they showed you how they felt . Feelings matter , Everybody in middle America . " West Everybody in middle America expressed an interest in running for president at the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards , while accepting the evening ’s Video Vanguard Award , the equivalent of a lifetime achievement award . The rapper expounded on his plans in an August interview with the BBC , The rapper he said that Americans had become " numb " to The rapper ongoing violence in Chicago . " We ’re numb to 500 kids getting killed in Chicago a year , we ’re numb to the fact Chicago it was seven We shootings in the beginning of July , " he said . " When I talk about the idea The rapper being president , I ’m not saying I have any political views . I do n’t have views on politics , " he added . " I just have a view on The rapper , on people , on the truth . If there is anything I can do with my time and my day to somehow make a difference while I ’m alive , I ’m going to try to do ’m . " West ’m Tuesday meeting with Trump marked one of his first public appearances since he was hospitalized in November Trump Los Angeles .    Trump Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 