Robert Kagan of the Brookings Institution clutches Robert Kagan of the Brookings Institution pearls over Donald Trump ’s " bigotry " and " xenophobia "   —    then says the Republican Party has been no different , so the Republican Party can not deny culpability in Robert Kagan of the Brookings Institution rise . [ From the Washington Post :   When the plague descended on Thebes , Oedipus sent Oedipus     to the Delphic oracle to discover the cause . Little did Oedipus realize that the crime for which Thebes was being punished was Oedipus own . Today ’s Republican Party is Oedipus Oedipus A plague has descended on the Today’s Republican Party the form of the most successful    in the history of U. S. politics . The party Today’s Republican Party for the cause and the remedy without realizing that , like Oedipus Oedipus it is the party itself that brought on this plague . A plague ’s Today’s Republican Party crimes are being punished in a bit of cosmic justice fit for a Greek tragedy . Let ’s be clear : Today’s Republican Party is no fluke . Nor is he hijacking the Republican Party Trump Today’s Republican Party , if there is such a thing . He is , rather , the party Trump creation , its Today’s Republican Party brought to life by Today’s Republican Party party , fed by the party and Today’s Republican Party strong enough to destroy Today’s Republican Party . Was it not the party ’s wild Today’s Republican Party   —    the repeated Today’s Republican Party shut down the government over policy and legislative disagreements the persistent call for nullification of Supreme Court decisions the insistence that compromise was betrayal the internal coups against party leaders who refused to join the general demolition   —    that taught Republican voters that government , institutions , political traditions , party leadership and even parties themselves were things to be overthrown , evaded , ignored , insulted , laughed at ? Was it not Sen. Ted Cruz ( . ) among many others , who set this tone and thereby cleared the way for someone even more irreverent , so that now , in a most unenjoyable irony , Cruz , along with the rest of the party , must fall to the purer version of himself , a less ideologically encumbered   ? This would not be the first revolution that devoured itself .    …      There has been much    lately . Why did n’t party leaders stand up and try to stop Trump earlier , while there was still time ? But how could they have ? Trump was feeding off forces in the party they party leaders helped nurture Trump that they hoped to ride the party . party leaders of those Republican leaders and party leaders now calling for a counterrevolution against Trump were not so long ago welcoming his contribution to the debate . Trump politicians running against him and now Trump oblivion were loath to attack him before because they Trump alienating his supporters . Instead , they attacked Trump another , The politicians running against him and now facing oblivion at each Trump ’s faces as they The politicians running against him and now facing oblivion by one slipped over the cliff . New Jersey Gov. Chris The politicians running against him and now facing oblivion got his last deadly lick in just before he plummeted   —    at New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie ? No , at Rubio . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie Bush spent millions upon millions in his hopeless race , but against whom ? Not Trump . Read the Jeb Bush of the story here . 
 