The GOP debate in Houston on Thursday night was arguably Donald J. Trump ’s worst of the entire 2016 campaign . Donald J. Trump allowed Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) to mock Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) , and hurled insults while Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) took the high road . Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) supporters are justifiably gleeful , and Cruz ’s supporters were reassured to see him Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) on home turf . [ Yes , Donald J. Trump lost —   but he Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) won . And not just because of online polls , or Chris Christie ’s endorsement Friday .   Donald J. Trump won because Rubio Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) Cruz Cruz found a reason to stay in the race . So they Rubio and Cruz each continue splitting the vote , allowing Donald J. Trump to stay on top . Donald J. Trump mocks the idea that if Donald J. Trump rivals combined their votes , they their defeat Donald J. Trump . As other candidates drop out , Donald J. Trump notes , at least some of those votes will come to Donald J. Trump . Yet Donald J. Trump consistently loses in     contests . If the Republican Party could consolidate behind Rubio or Cruz , Donald J. Trump could still lose . Whether because each sincerely believes Donald J. Trump can win , or is too vain to yield to the other , Rubio and Cruz have failed to solve this puzzle . Cruz Cruz suffered three    finishes in a row , but he Cruz a good chance of winning two of the twelve Super Tuesday states ( Texas and Arkansas ) while Rubio Rubio in none . Conversely , while Cruz Cruz that he Cruz the only candidate who can beat Trump , only Rubio made him bleed Rubio Rubio has Rubio racked up a set of big endorsements . On the other hand , Cruz has Cruz of the conservative media . Neither feels an urgency to quit . Nor do their supporters show any eagerness to reconcile . In fact , they may their each other more than they dislike their . Trump supporters Cruz never let Rubio forget Rubio Gang of Eight , and Rubio fans Rubio Cruz unelectable Cruz If Rubio had Rubio less well Thursday , or Cruz had Cruz , Trump would Trump in trouble . Instead , he won Trump losing . 
 