Former spokesperson for Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee Hogan Gidley joined Breitbart News Sunday on SiriusXM with guest host Matthew Boyle , Breitbart News’ Washington political editor , and slammed 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney for claiming the presumptive 2016 GOP nominee Donald Trump is n’t conservative . [ " Donald Trump claimed to be severely conservative , whatever in the world that is , " Mike Huckabee Hogan Gidley said of 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney .   This is the guy who created Romneycare , who was the template for Obamacare . 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney marched in gay pride parades . He 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney the first same sex wedding in America , put homosexuals in the Supreme Court in Massachusetts . He 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney , remember in that famous clip of him 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney Ted Kennedy , that he 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney more    than anyone and then hosted a Planned Parenthood event and then contributed to them him and Ted Kennedy He 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney up and said the folks that did n’t vote for Reagan , he 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney n’t identify with those Republicans who liked Reagan Reagan " If this were anybody but Donald Trump they this were anybody but Donald Trump be telling everybody to get on board , " Gidley said of Romney and the establishment wing of the Republican Party . " Their Romney and the establishment wing of the Republican Party did n’t win and they Romney and the establishment wing of the Republican Party n’t know what to do . They Romney and the establishment wing of the Republican Party n’t want to get behind us . " Gidley Gidley Cruz supporters , and ‘ Never Trump’ people , saying , " Cruz Cruz telling the truth . This is a generational election of the Supreme Court . Hillary Clinton is a horrible choice for national security . She Hillary Clinton a horrible choice for the economy . If that is true , it that is true true regardless of who is at the top of the ticket . " " Donald Trump is at the top , so it that is true applies . Hillary Hillary Clinton still the worse option for this country , " Gidley charged . " These folks who are the hold out   …      what has their These folks who are the hold out  …     what has their brand of conservative orthodoxy of conservative orthodoxy done for us ? " The debt is larger . The deficit is enormous . We us have job killing trade . There ’s an open border immigration policy . It an open border immigration policy killed our us class . The tax system is still a mess . We ’re no closer to ending abortion . Obamacare is still funded . The Iran nuclear deal went through . What have they The Iran nuclear deal us us Republicans ? Breitbart News Sunday airs from 7 p. m. to 10 p. m. on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 every Sunday .  
 