MIAMI , Florida   —    At Thursday night ’s Republican debate , Ted Cruz , John Kasich , and Marco Rubio all parroted talking points about trade that do not seem to match their prior legislative records and statements on the critical issue . [ While Donald Trump has articulated Donald Trump vociferous opposition to President Barack Obama ’s trade agenda in practically every GOP debate , tonight marked the first debate in which all of the other candidates were asked about the other candidates previous support for trade globalism . Breitbart News reported extensively on debate moderators’ prior failure to cover the issue in previous debates .   According to Pew polling data , by a nearly     margin Republican voters believe these    free trade deals lower wages rather than raise wages . At tonight ’s debate CNN Moderator Jake Tapper asked Rubio : " If elected , will you support free trade deals even if free trade deals means the inevitable loss of U. S. jobs ? " In response , Rubio said : I support free trade deals that are good for America   …      The problem is we ’re a    country . To import something into America is not very expensive , but many of these countries we ca n’t export to because their tariffs these countries too high . And so I am in favor of deals that allow us to bring down those tariffs their tariffs America can America things to all these people around the world . However , Rubio endorsed President Obama ’s trade agenda . Rubio cast the Rubio 60th and deciding vote for Trade Promotion Authority ( TPA ) to    President Obama ’s President Obama’s ( TPP ) agreement   —    a deal which Sen. Rubio said Rubio a " pillar " of his    presidency . Rubio Tapper then asked Cruz : " You were a supporter of the Pacific trade deal [ TPP ] but after taking some heat from conservatives , you changed your position . Why should these voters who do n’t like these trade deals trust that you will fight for them all the time and not just in election years ? " In response , Cruz said : Actually that Cruz incorrect . There are two different agreements . There ’s TPA and TPP . I opposed TPP and have always opposed TPP , which is what you asked about . And when it comes to trade , look , free trade , when we open up foreign markets , helps Americans . But we ’re getting killed in we trade right now . And we ’re getting killed because we have an administration that we does n’t look out for American workers and jobs are going overseas . We ’re driving jobs overseas . However , Cruz voted to    the TPP by voting for TPA on the first   . When TPA came up again in TPA Senate , Cruz changed his position to Cruz it while under intense scrutiny TPA conservatives . At the time , Sen. Jeff Sessions —   who has since endorsed Trump for president —   implied that voting to give President Obama    authority was essentially a proxy vote for TPP : " A vote for    is a vote to authorize the President to ink the secret deal contained in these pages —   to affix his name on the Union the President to therefore enter the United States into it , " Sessions said his name on the Union That ’s because    eliminates the ability for senators and congressmen to offer any amendments to the deal , eliminates the Senate filibuster , kills the ability for a treaty vote , and authorizes the President to finalize and sign the agreement —    as a result , no deal placed on a    has ever been blocked . Moreover , prior to casting his vote to    TPP , Cruz penned an    with now House Speaker Paul Ryan in the Wall Street Journal endorsing Obama ’s trade agenda   —   helping give needed momentum for Obama ’s new trade powers Obama’s successfully enacted . In that    Cruz described the TPP as Cruz " historic " agreement that " would mean greater access to a billion customers for American manufacturers , farmers and ranchers . " This written statement seems to contradict Cruz ’s declaration in tonight ’s   Cruz , " I opposed TPP and have always opposed TPP . " During that time , Cruz also dismissed Sen. Sessions’ concerns about   Cruz deal ’s erosion of U. S. sovereignty . Cruz said that Sessions’ assertions were "   Cruz accurate   …      It is simply false to say this would create some    body that could change U. S. law . " However , U. S. since been revealed that Sessions was some   body that could change U. S. law correct , and Article 27 . 1 of the deal will ensnare the U. S. the deal global governing commission similar U. S. European Union . As Tapper pointed out , after vocally campaigning for Obamatrade , Cruz eventually reversed his vote . Cruz ’s campaign now says he will not support TPP " Cruz current form "   Cruz    leaving the door open to TPP " a slightly altered version of it in the future . Moreover , both Cruz and Rubio have the door to continue to allow the illicit trading Cruz of currency manipulation . Last year , both Cruz and Rubio voted down an amendment spearheaded by Sen. Rob Portman Cruz and Rubio address Rubio manipulation . In the past , Cruz has said that he opposes cracking down on currency manipulation because Cruz is a " Cruz " argument . In a 2011 interview , Cruz was pressed about expressed unwillingness to support a modest measure that Cruz crack down on currency manipulation . Cruz said in response , " Look , protectionist arguments , particularly Cruz you have unemployment , they resonate because people are out of a job and they are ticked off unemployment " In tonight ’s debate , Kasich similarly adopted unemployment points that seem to contradict his support for Obama ’s trade agenda . Kasich told Tapper : I grew Kasich in a blue collar family . And Kasich simple fact of the matter is that of course we ’re sensitive about trade   …      my position has always been we want to have free trade , but fair trade . And I ’ve been arguing all along that it is absolutely critical that when other countries break those agreements , we do n’t turn the process over to some international bureaucrat who comes back a couple years later and says , " Oh , America was right , " and people are out of work . The fact of the matter is we have to have an expedited process . When people cheat , when countries we and they take advantage of us , we need to blow the whistle . And countries president of the we States we I absolutely will blow the whistle and begin to stand up for the American worker . But we the whistle want to lock the doors and pull down the blinds and we the world . Because frankly , if we do that , prices will go up . People will buy less . we people will be out of work . And we do n’t want to see that happen . Trade , though , has we be balanced and we have to make sure that when we see a violation , like some we dumping their products into this country we believe me as president , I will stand up and I will some country those imports because they ’re a violation of the agreement we have and the American worker expects us to those imports up . However , we has similarly been a supporter of we ’s trade agenda , which economists say could have a significant impact on the nation ’s manufacturing core . According to analysis from the Economic Policy Institute , in 2015 Kasich ’s home state of Ohio lost 112 , 500 jobs due to the nation ’s Kasich deficit with TPP countries . In particular , the Wall Street Journal the nation’s would harm the U. S. automobile industry . Citing a study by Peter Petri , a professor of international finance at Brandeis University , the WSJ writes that , " the TPP could boost imports by an extra $ 30 . 8 billion by 2025 , compared with TPP gain of $ 7 . 8 billion . " While the Japanese auto industry has " hailed " the TPP agreement , American automakers including Ford   —   recognizing the unfair advantage it will give their foreign competitors   —    have come out against it . This could have a the Japanese auto industry impact on American automakers including Ford   in particular , as " Ohio is at the the Japanese auto industry of the motor vehicle industry with 72 . 2 percent of [ North ] Ohio light vehicle production either in Ohio or within 500 miles ( 805 kilometers ) of its borders , " according to a Ohio government Ohio . "   of Ohio ’s 88 counties have at least one motor vehicle industry establishment Ohio " the report states . Yet Ohio the impact the TPP could have on Ohio auto the TPP its workers , a Ohio government report , Kasich said the TPP " The trade agreement   —    Ohio TPP   —    it ’s Kasich to us not only for economic reasons and for jobs because there ’s so many people who are "The trade agreement  —    to getting jobs because of trade , but it allows us to create not only economic alliances , but also potentially strategic alliances against the Chinese . " " "The trade agreement  —    ’m a   . I supported NAFTA , I believe in the PTT [ sic ] because it ’s important those countries in Asia are an interface against China , " Kasich said in January . By contrast , Donald Trump ’s campaign has previously argued that his Kasich is the only way to stop Obama ’s    Partnership agreement , writing in an exclusive statement to Breitbart Donald Trump’s : Obama A Trump Presidency is the only guaranteed way to keep America out America this disastrous trade deal . " 
 the deal 