Actor Jon Voight says it is " probably true " that search engine juggernaut Google is intentionally suppressing negative news stories about Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton . [ " It ’s probably true , " Actor Jon Voight told a TMZ reporter on Thursday .   Doubling down , the actor and ardent Trump supporter said " Google is certainly working for Hillary " and added that the entire " mainstream media is in the tank for the Democrat party . " " This is real . " Breitbart News reported on the allegations against Google in August . Searches for terms related to stories about Hillary Clinton ’s health typed into Google engine returned Autocomplete suggestions like " Hillary ’s healthcare plan , " while the same searches inputted in search engines like Bing and Yahoo returned Autocomplete terms like " Hillary Hillary Clinton’s problems " or " Hillary Clinton ’s Hillary Clinton’s " Trump mentioned the allegations in Trump rally speech in Wisconsin this week : " A new    poll that just came out , the Google poll , has us leading Hillary Clinton by two points Hillary Clinton’s and that ’s despite the fact that Google search engine was suppressing the bad news about Hillary Clinton . " The Verge Hillary Clinton’s Trump was likely referring to a Independent Journal Review    poll conducted by Google Consumer Surveys . In June , the search engine told the Washington Times Google search engine Autocomplete does not favor any candidate or cause . Claims to the contrary simply misunderstand how Autocomplete works . " Still , Voight even went so far as to warn against the possibility that the Clinton campaign might plant    audiences members in seats at the next presidential debate . " Are people set up within the audience ? " he asked . " I ’m sure that people Voight to win , and that ’s the way it is . " The Academy    actor has spent months speaking up in support of the Republican nominee , after formally endorsing Trump in March in an exclusive interview with Breitbart News . Earlier this month , during an interview on the Fox Business network , Voight said he does n’t " think there ’s any place Voight Trump ca n’t win . "    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 