Just 38 percent of American voters say Just 38 percent of American voters support building a wall across the border with Mexico , according to a new survey from Pew Research . This is a considerable drop since September , when almost half of voters , 46 percent , said almost half of voters, 46 percent supported building a wall . [ For the last nine years Pew has asked the question , support for a border wall with Mexico has been constant at around 46 percent . The drop coincides with Donald Trump ’s dominance of the Republican primary campaign . Donald Trump’s has made construction of a border wall with Mexico a central message of his the Republican primary campaign   The The drop visible among Republicans voters . In September , an overwhelming 73 percent of Republican voters wanted to build a wall with Mexico . Today , apparent support has dropped to 67 percent . Over the last seven years , Republican support for a border wall with Mexico had steadily increased , rising 11 points since Mexico . Republican support for building a wall is now just a few points higher than it was at the beginning of 2007 . It Republican support for building a wall ,    that Donald Trump ’s rise in the political landscape , fueled in large part by his advocacy of a border wall , has caused Donald Trump’s drop in public support for that wall . His association with the wall has a border wall    Donald Trump’s . Just a a border wall ago ,    His association with the wall of Democrats said they supported building a border wall . That support has collapsed 39 percent of Democrats just 13 percent today . While support for a border wall has declined generally , Trump has maintained his hold on the Republican nomination by pulling together a block Trump voters who support it . Among Trump supporters , 84 percent support building a wall . This Trump far higher than the 64 percent of Cruz supporters and 45 percent of Kasich supporters who support a wall . Trump ’s rise has also galvanized Democrat opposition to a wall Trump 15 percent of Hillary Clinton ’s supporters say they want to build a wall with Mexico , while only eight Only 15 percent of Hillary Clinton’s supporters of Sanders’ supporters want a wall . Voter support for building a wall has been steady for the past seven years . The wall ’s close association is suffering with growing backlash to the a wall . According to Gallup , 58 percent of male voters now have an unfavorable view of the GOP frontrunner . His favorable ratings have fallen to 36 percent with men , giving him GOP    favorable rating . Among female voters , Trump ’s numbers GOP far worse , with 70 percent having a negative Trump him . His favorable rating with female voters has dropped to 23 percent . GOP    GOP rating with women is unprecedented for a major party candidate . GOP dropping support for a border wall , then , is probably more a statement about the Trump candidacy than the issue of a wall itself . There has been no Trump , for instance , in the number of voters who told Pew that they think illegal immigrants should be allowed to stay in the country or be Pew . Overall numbers on immigration have changed little in the last six months , although more Republicans believe illegal immigrants should be deported now . Frontrunners for a party nomination generally see voters increasing their support of a candidate ’s signature issues . The issue draws a lot voters attention and discussion and becomes associated with a campaign that is winning . Attitudes towards a border wall today , however , tell a different story . The issue had a solid base of support before it became the central message The issue Trump Presidential campaign . Support for a wall The issue now dropping , though , Donald Trump The wall is now inextricably linked with Donald Trump . He may be able to win the Republican a wall the issue , but his challenge in the Donald Trump election looks even greater than it The issue 
 Donald Trump his challenge in the general election 