Talk radio host Mark Levin , who has endorsed Republican presidential candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz , blasted the Fox News Channel as " not a news channel " and a " Donald Trump super PAC " that will be " rubbing their own faces in their own feces " after the GOP gets " our a**es kicked in the general election " on Tuesday .   Levin began by saying to the Fox News Channel , " You ’re not a news channel anymore . You ’re the Fox Channel the Fox News Channel then turned to that Levin ’s tiff between Trump and Cruz , and criticized the FNC program " Outnumbered " for not giving the context of the fight between the two , that Trump had accused Cruz ’s Trump of being linked to JFK assassin Lee Harvey Oswald . He further said that , JFK assassin Lee Harvey Oswald to a friend of his who contacted him , JFK assassin Lee Harvey Oswald another program JFK assassin Lee Harvey Oswald " The Five , " did n’t bring up Trump ’s    Cruz theory Trump over 20 minutes past the hour . Levin continued , " Donald Trump is bringing up Trump Enquirer story that accuses Ted Cruz ’s father , Rafael Cruz , of being in cahoots , in one way or another , with Lee Harvey Oswald . " Levin further stated that , according Levin his source , " several of Levin people on ‘ The Five’ thought this was hilarious . As a matter of fact , they were defending the National Enquirer according to his source, "several of the people on ‘The Five’ thought this was hilarious    …      That ’s why it ’s not the Fox News the National Enquirer , it ’s the Fox Channel , the National Enquirer the the Fox News Channel PAC . " He then stated , " They may be the Donald Trump super PAC today , according to his source, "several of the people on ‘The Five’ thought this was hilarious they ’re going to be rubbing according to his source, "several of the people on ‘The Five’ thought this was hilarious own faces in their own according to his source, "several of the people on ‘The Five’ thought this was hilarious , I ’ll according to his source, "several of the people on ‘The Five’ thought this was hilarious you that , after this general election , because they have humiliated themselves . " according to his source, "several of the people on ‘The Five’ thought this was hilarious also criticized according to his source, "several of the people on ‘The Five’ thought this was hilarious " Fox   Friends " anchors for not challenging Trump ’s    Cruz link based on a National Enquirer story . Levin also declared , " We ’re going Levin get our a**es kicked in the general election , We and gentleman . That ’s the trajectory . Maybe it ’ll change , but likely , it will not . " Levin elaborated that it ’s comments about women Levin and the    theory would n’t play well , and that Trump was " limping " across the finish Trump to the nomination . He further criticized the media and Trump for Levin " the liberty message , Trump Constitution message , the conservative message , the Reagan principle message " from getting out . Levin concluded by sarcastically suggesting someone should pitch " Fox   Friends " a story that one of Trump ’s relatives was seen with John Wilkes Trump . Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 