Thursday on ABC ’s " The View , " former Obama administration green jobs czar and CNN contributor Van Jones said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton lost to    Donald Trump because Democrats’ " arrogance and elitism , " caused Democrats’ "arrogance and elitism to ignore the suffering in the rust belt states .   Partial transcript as follows : CNN contributor Van Jones : There ’s more going on than the media has gotten to . There ’s heartbreak all around and we got to start listening to each other . GOLDBERG : But here ’s my question . Now that we are starting to see the plans and the people Donald ’s putting in , how is this going to affect the people Donald’s putting in ? Because you know , all of the things that the people Donald’s putting in have put their the people Donald’s putting in and dreams on him   —    JONES : Listen , tell you what , they the people Donald’s putting in going to be patient with Donald Trump because they the people Donald’s putting in been waiting for a long time . And I ’m going to tell you something as a liberal , when those factories started closing , did the NAACP come help ? Did Green Peace ? Did the National Organization for Woman , did any liberal group come ? We as liberals ca n’t be mad . We We n’t ask them We as liberals can’t be mad a date . We We n’t try to say come with me to dinner . So then Donald Trump shows up and takes them We as liberals can’t be mad and now we We mad . BEHAR : How do you account for the fact that she BEHAR 2 . 5 million more popular votes than he Donald Trump ? JONES : It was the weakness in the rust belt . That ’s where she BEHAR it It I was saying back in June —   those    blue states are hanging by a thread and nobody went there to fix it It BEHAR :   They those   blue states n’t agree . They those   blue states n’t see it It When I interviewed Nancy Pelosi , I said what if he Nancy Pelosi , she Nancy Pelosi ‘ he Nancy Pelosi not going to win.’ JONES : Arrogance and elitism , and I love Nancy Nancy Pelosi Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 