Dr. Sam Wang , founder of the Princeton Election Consortium , proved Dr. Sam Wang, founder of the Princeton Election Consortium is a man of Dr. Sam Wang, founder of the Princeton Election Consortium word on Saturday when Dr. Sam Wang, founder of the Princeton Election Consortium ate a bug on CNN . [ " It ’s totally over . If Trump wins more than 240 electoral votes , I will eat a bug , " Dr. Sam Wang, founder of the Princeton Election Consortium tweeted on October 18 .   On CNN Saturday , three days before the election , Dr. Sam Wang, founder of the Princeton Election Consortium doubled down on that promise . " Dr. Sam Wang, founder of the Princeton Election Consortium , you were so sure of the outcome you tweeted recently that you would ‘ eat a bug’ if Donald Trump pulled this thing out . Now that was    the latest Comey revelation , but it is that still your view ? " CNN ’s Michael Smerconish asked Wang Dr. Sam Wang, founder of the Princeton Election Consortium November 5 . " Yeah , what I said in that tweet was that Trump was Donald Trump to break 240 electoral votes and I think that ’s pretty much the same . Honestly , this race is the most stable statistically since Eisenhower beat Stevenson in ’52 . So I think things are looking the same and we should stay calm , " Wang Dr. Sam Wang, founder of the Princeton Election Consortium . Wang Dr. Sam Wang, founder of the Princeton Election Consortium said the odds were about four to one in favor of the Democrats winning control of the Senate . On election day , however , Republicans maintained their Senate Republicans the Senate Trump won the presidency with at least 290 electoral college votes , and most likely 306 when Michigan , where he leads Trump 13 , 107 votes , is finally called . " The     official electoral vote results for 2016 are projected to be   . In other words , it ’s an Electoral College landslide win for Trump . Trump as Matt Vespa wrote at TownHall . But on Saturday , Wang delivered on his promise Wang live on CNN . You can watch the video here . " What about the bug ? " Smerconish asked , with a broad smile on his face Smerconish " Can you see this ? " Wang responded Wang " This is this can of gourmet style crickets . Gourmet from the point of view of a pet , I should say , " Wang said Wang he held Wang a small can for the camera . " I ’m told that it ’s a great source of protein , " he added Wang Now , I should say that , before I do this , let ’s chat ’m a second .   I think that the eating bug thing is itself sensationalist the eating bug thing and it keeps the eating bug thing off of important policy issues , such as Supreme Court appointments . You know , Donald Trump had a great conversation with Obama , and he can Donald Trump a grand gesture , like , say , you know what , I ’m representing all the people , I ’m going ’m show everyone who I am and what I ’m made ’m , and I ’m going ’m name Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court . " Now , Mike , Donald Trump really want me to do this , " Wang asked Donald Trump Smerconish did not let him off Donald Trump hook . " I kind of would , " Smerconish answered Smerconish " Let ’s put it to the hook , once and for all . " " Like John the Baptist in the wilderness , he ate Like John the Baptist in the wilderness and honey . So I regard myself as Like John the Baptist in the wilderness in the wilderness the wilderness . After all , I was wrong . A lot of people were wrong , but nobody else made the promise I did , " Wang said Like John the Baptist in the wilderness " See this , here it goes , this Wang said Like John the Baptist in the wilderness as he stuck Like John the Baptist in the wilderness spoon into a bowl he held Like John the Baptist in the wilderness his left Like John the Baptist in the wilderness , scooped up a cricket , placed it in his a cricket Like John the Baptist in the wilderness and swallowed the bug . " You ’re a man of your word , Dr. Wang Like John the Baptist in the wilderness was it , by the way ? " Smerconish asked . " Kind of mostly honeyish , a little nutty , " Wang responded . Like John the Baptist in the wilderness You delivered , OK ? You ’re a man of your word . I appreciate it . It was sensationalistic , it it was worth it it " Smerconish it . 
 Smerconish 