An illegal immigrant who was once protected by the    Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) program is now expected to be deported after being hit with alleged drug and trespassing charges . [ Juan Manuel Martinez , 19 , will soon become one of a few DACA recipients , often referred to as ‘ DREAMers,’ who will be deported back to his native country after    with the law , according to the Mercury News .   Earlier this year , Martinez was arrested for drug possession after Monterey County sheriff ’s deputies found meth and marijuana in Martinez vehicle . Martinez was also charged with trespassing , which Martinez later pleaded no contest to . Following Martinez arrest , the Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) immediately flagged the DREAMer for being in the U. S. illegally . ICE the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) that Martinez Martinez tie the illegal immigrant to a local foreign criminal gang . Martinez ’s Martinez attorney refute that allegation . Martinez is facing Martinez immigration hearing this week , where he is expected Martinez be deported from the U. S. the U. S. of Martinez by ICE Martinez a the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) break from    immigration enforcement policies , where ICE only sought the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) detainment and deportation of illegal immigrants who had been convicted of crimes . Under President Donald Trump and Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) Secretary John Kelly , all illegal immigrants in the U. S. are eligible for deportation back to their native countries . Most Secretary John Kelly, all illegal immigrants in the U. S. , Attorney General Jeff Sessions reiterated the Trump Administration ’s policy on illegal immigrants , especially those charged with crimes who were once protected by DACA , as Breitbart Texas reported . " Everybody in the country illegally is subject to being deported , so people come here and they stay here a few people and somehow they think they are not people to people deported   —    well , they are , " Sessions people at the time . Along with Martinez ,     Juan Manuel Montes , a DACA recipient , was deported by ICE after having four criminal convictions including one for shoplifting and three others for driving without a license . John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas . Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder John Binder 
 