MIAMI , Florida   —    Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin canceled an event Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin had planned for 2016 GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump in Central Florida today after Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin husband , Todd Palin , suffered a serious crash on a snow machine on Sunday evening and has been hospitalized . [ Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin is among many of the high profile Republicans backing 2016 GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump in Central Florida for president . A source close to the Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin family told Breitbart News :   Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin in a very serious snow machine crash last night , currently hospitalized in intensive care . Governor Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin been on the phone with doctors and family all morning   —    booked best of limited flights back to Alaska via Tampa   —    will stop by Trump Tampa town hall on way to airport and not travel to Ohio or The Villages as planned . Have been in touch with the Trump campaign who have been fantastically understanding as always that family comes first ! Trump is Trump a 2 p. m. rally in Tampa , Tampa according to this source close to the Palin family , she will the Palin family a stop there on the way to her flight the Palin family The Trump campaign Trump the cancellation of the event at 11:53 a. m. but did n’t originally say why . " The event scheduled for Governor Sarah Palin place today in The Villages , Florida at 12:00 PM , has been cancelled , " the Trump campaign Trump The Trump campaign Palin wishes her Palin Mr. Trump Palin upcoming primaries . " In a subsequent statement , the Trump campaign detailed Trump Mr. Trump ’s The Trump campaign with Todd and Sarah Palin right now . " Todd Palin was in a bad snow machine accident last night Sarah Palin currently hospitalized , " the Trump campaign said at Trump p. m. " Governor Palin The Trump campaign Alaska to be with her husband and looks forward Sarah Palin back on the campaign trail soon . Mr. Sarah Palin ’s thoughts Trump are with the Palin family at this time . " Several people in the media mocked the original announcement Sarah Palin " ‘ Governor Palin wishes her best to Mr. Trump in the upcoming Trump news release says Several people in the media Sarah Palin Jacobs from Sarah Palin Des Moines Register tweeted . " That sounds Sarah Palin a break up . " " Governor Palin wishes her best to Mr. Trump in the upcoming primaries Trump Palin news release says . Sarah Palin like a Sarah Palin up .   —    Jennifer Jacobs ( @JenniferJJacobs ) Sarah Palin 14 , 2016 ,   " 7 minutes before start time , Jennifer Jacobs Trump rally in The Villages . So Trump media stuck in FL hinterlands of Sumter County Sarah Palin Politico ’s Marc Caputo wrote . 7 minutes before start time , Sarah Palin cancels noon Trump rally in The Villages . So Trump media stuck in FL hinterlands of Sumter County , Sarah Palin    Marc Caputo ( @MarcACaputo ) March 14 , The Villages   The So many media Alex Leary called it FL " odd Sumter County . " Palin wo n’t appear at Villages . Odd news release . pic . twitter .    —    Alex Leary ( The Tampa Bay Times’ Alex Leary Sarah Palin March 14 , 2016 ,   " Sarah The Villages ’s event in The Villages , Florida , is canceled today . No word on whether elderly protester were a contributing factor , " Boston Globe reporter Matt Viser wrote . Sarah Palin ’s event in The Villages , Florida , is canceled today . No word on whether elderly protester were a contributing factor .   —    Matt Sarah Palin’s @mviser ) March 14 The Villages, Florida UPDATE 3:00 Florida M. ET , A statement on Gov. Palin ’s Facebook page early Tuesday described the condition of Todd . " Todd Palin is in intensive care at an Alaskan hospital with injuries including multiple broken and Sarah Palin’s Sarah Palin’s shoulder blade , broken clavicle ,    injuries and a collapsed lung Sarah Palin’s the statement reads . " He is presently back in surgery to repair multiple fractures . Thank you for your prayers for a speedy recovery . We , as his wife and children , appreciate your A statement on Gov. Palin’s Facebook page early Tuesday Sarah Palin’s privacy during this time . Knowing Todd , once he ’s cognizant , he ’ll probably ask docs to duct tape him up Sarah Palin’s he ’ll call it good . He ’s tough . " 
 We Sarah Palin’s Sarah Palin’s Sarah Palin’s 