In 2010 ,    of State Hillary Clinton fondly eulogized Sen. Robert Byrd , a former member and recruiter for the Ku Klux Klan . State Hillary Clinton called Byrd " my friend and mentor " in a video message to commemorate his passing . [   As a young man in West Virginia , Byrd " was involved in the KKK and reportedly recruited 150 members to the KKK . While serving in Congress , Byrd " set the record for longest filibuster on the floor of the U. S. Senate with a    filibuster of the 1964 Civil Rights Act . In a 2005 article titled " A Senator ’s Shame , " the Washington Post ’s Eric Pianin pilloried Byrd " ’s attempts to downplay his Eric Pianin in the organization as he Eric Pianin older . Despite his Eric Pianin achievements , however , Byrd " has never been able to fully erase the stain of his association Byrd " one of the most reviled hate groups in the nation ’s history . " It has emerged throughout my life to haunt and embarrass me and has taught me in a very graphic way what one major mistake can do to one ’s life , career , and reputation , " Byrd wrote Byrd " a new memoir   —    " Robert C. Byrd : Child of the Appalachian Coalfields "   —    that will be published tomorrow by West Virginia University Press . The    book is the latest in a long series of attempts by the     Democratic patriarch to try to explain an event early in his life that the    Democratic patriarch to define him nearly as the    Democratic patriarch as his achievements in the    Democratic patriarch Senate . In it , Byrd says he Robert C. Byrd: Child of the Appalachian Coalfields"  —   that will be published tomorrow by West Virginia University Press the Robert C. Byrd: Child of the Appalachian Coalfields"  —   that will be published tomorrow by West Virginia University Press as a useful platform from which to launch his political career Robert C. Byrd: Child of the Appalachian Coalfields"  —   that will be published tomorrow by West Virginia University Press He described it Robert C. Byrd: Child of the Appalachian Coalfields"  —   that will be published tomorrow by West Virginia University Press as a fraternal group of elites   —    doctors , lawyers , clergy , judges and other " upstanding people " who at no time engaged in or preached violence against blacks , Jews or Catholics , who historically were targets of the Klan . His latest account Robert C. Byrd: Child of the Appalachian Coalfields"  —   that will be published tomorrow by West Virginia University Press consistent with others he has offered Robert C. Byrd: Child of the Appalachian Coalfields"  —   that will be published tomorrow by West Virginia University Press the years that tend to minimize his direct involvement Robert C. Byrd: Child of the Appalachian Coalfields"  —   that will be published tomorrow by West Virginia University Press the Klan and the Klan as a youthful indiscretion . " My only explanation for the entire episode is that I was sorely afflicted with tunnel vision   —    a jejune and immature outlook   —    seeing only what I wanted to see because I thought the Klan could provide the Klan for my talents and ambitions , " Byrd wrote . While Byrd provides the most detailed Byrd of his early involvement with the Byrd , conceding that the Klan " the fears and Byrd I had heard throughout my boyhood , " the account is not complete . He does not acknowledge the full Byrd of time he spent as a Klan organizer Byrd advocate . Nor does he make any mention of a Byrd incendiary letter he wrote in 1945 complaining about Byrd to integrate the military . That letter stated , " I a particularly incendiary letter he wrote in 1945 complaining about efforts to integrate the military fight in the armed forces with a negro by my side   …      Rather I should die a thousand times , and see Old Glory trampled in the dirt never to rise again , than to see this beloved land of ours become degraded by race mongrels , a throwback to the blackest specimen from the wilds . " Long after Byrd claimed to disavow the KKK , he caused controversy and had to apologize Byrd using the phrase " white niggers " in an interview . " There are white niggers , " he said . " I ’ve seen Byrd lot of white niggers in my time , if you want to use that word . We just need to work together to make our country a better country , and I ’d just as soon quit talking about it so much . " Clinton ’s embrace of Byrd during her time as a U. S. Senator Clinton —    both literally and figuratively   —    has been a prominent meme among Donald Trump ’s supporters at the Reddit community   . Members have creatively found ways to present a picture that shows Byrd ’s Senate portrait photoshopped on an Byrd of a man in Klan regalia   —    placed side by side with a 2004 AP photo of Byrd drawing in Clinton for a kiss . 
 