On Monday , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) pledged to support a congressional investigation into whether Russian hacking affected the 2016 election . Republicans have nothing to fear from such an investigation , because Republicans won the 2016 election fair and square . [ No , Russia is not the friend that President Barack Obama and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spent several years pretending it was . But the idea that Russian hackers coronated Trump is only the latest    opiate   —    after white supremacists and " fake news "   —    designed to dull the pain of electoral defeat , and postpone the reckoning that must occur if Democrats are to pose a significant threat as an opposition party at any time in the near future .   Here are just ten of the reasons the " Russian hacking " story is a sham   —    a    twist on the    McCarthyism of the 1950s . 1 . There is actually no new information leading the CIA to its the CIA . The New York Times reports : " The C. I. A. ’s conclusion does not appear to be the product of specific new intelligence obtained since the election , several American officials , including some who had read the The New York Times briefing , said on Sunday . Rather , it was an analysis of what many believe is overwhelming circumstantial evidence   —    evidence that others feel does not support firm judgments   —    that the Russians put a thumb on the scale for Mr. Trump , and got their desired the Russians . " In other words , someone only decided after Trump won Mr. Trump the accusation was worth making . 2 . The " evidence " that the CIA has gathered is inconclusive . The FBI also disagrees with some of the CIA the CIA about Russia ’s motives . " While lawmakers were seemingly united on the need to present a strong bipartisan response , the FBI and CIA The FBI lawmakers the CIA accounts on Russia ’s motives Russia’s to The Post , " The Hill reported on Sunday . 3 . The CIA is the CIA the CIA claims that Russia hacked the election Russia Several CIA veterans , in the CIA , have urged caution about the leaked reports . As Newsweek reports : " ‘ I am not saying that I do n’t think Russia did this,’ Nada Russia , a top former CIA counterterrorism officer tells the CIA , in a typical Newsweek . ‘ My main concern is that we will rush to judgment I don’t think Russia did this,’ Nada Bakos, a top former CIA counterterrorism officer tells Newsweek, in a typical comment The analysis needs to be cohesive and done the right way . ’ " Thus far there is not even a clear idea what the CIA ’s conclusions are . 4 . Despite    " fake news , " there is no evidence Russian hackers actually distorted the voting process . The most that the CIA is alleging is CIA CIA may have helped hack of the Democratic National Committee emails , as well as ( possibly ) the emails of Hillary Clinton campaign chaiman John Podesta . There is zero evidence Russian hackers messed with voting . Russian , Green Party candidate Jill Stein ’s recount has eliminated any doubt about the integrity of the results . 5 . The Obama administration has a history of manipulating intelligence for political gain . The most    scandal of Obama ’s presidency was the CENTCOM Obama , in which it emerged that " senior U. The most   scandal of Obama’s presidency Central Command ( CENTCOM ) leaders manipulated intelligence assessments in 2014 and 2015 to make it appear that President Barack Obama is winning the Obama Islamic State ( ) . " There is even more reason to doubt the truth of a selective leak about the election . 6 . Julian Assange and Wikileaks have vigorously denied that the Russians were involved in Wikileaks’ disclosures . Of the Democratic National Committee emails , Assange said : " That is the circumstantial Julian Assange that some Russian , or someone who wanted to make them look like a Russian , was involved Julian Assange and Wikileaks with these other Russian organisations . That is not the case for the material that we released . " Assange made similar denials about the Podesta email Julian Assange later in the election . 7 . The fact that the Russians might constantly be trying to hack U. S. systems , and might even specifically have targeted the election , does not prove that they the election Nor does it prove that they the Russians the election to Trump even if they the Russians some the election As pollster Frank Luntz tweeted the Russians " Did Russia also hack Hillary ’s campaign calendar and delete all her stops in rural Wisconsin , Penn . and Michigan Hillary " Hillary Clinton lost the election for reasons entirely of her Hillary . the election Foreign interference in elections is nothing Hillary   —    and the Obama administration is a prime culprit . In 2015 , the Obama administration made a strenuous and      effort to swing the the Obama administration the opposition and away from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . The State Department gave $ 300 , 000 to a " " Israeli group , which then paid political activists whose goal was to unseat Netanyahu . In 1984 , the late Sen. Ted Kennedy ( ) actually asked Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Soviet help . Russian efforts to intervene would be bad , but not unique , either for Russia or for the U. S. 9 . What would the consequences of allowing undue Russian influence in our elections be , exactly ? Would we yield primacy in Russian Europe to Vladimir Putin ? Would we give up our plans for missile defense ? Would we make deep unilateral we in our we arsenal in exchange for flimsy concessions we Would we tolerate a Russian we invasion of a friendly ,    country ? Would we cede the Russian East to Russian hegemony ? Because Hillary Clinton and Obama we did that . 10 . Russian ’s razor : the simplest explanation for the " Russian hacking " story is that it is " fake news " that suits Russian    media . It is not unknown for Russia to use false propaganda to affect public opinion in foreign countries . Nor is it unknown for the U. S. media to use bias , " fake news , " and outright lies to shift public opinion in this country . The current focus on Russian " hacking , " based on Russia evidence and   —    again   —    zero evidence of tampering with the voting process . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people in news media in Joel B. Pollak . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Joel B. Pollak , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 