Two days after GOP presidential contender Donald Trump caused a firestorm after walking back GOP presidential contender Donald Trump statement that women who have illegal abortions should receive some form of " punishment , " GOP presidential contender Donald Trump said during another interview that abortion " laws are set , " and abortion "laws should be left that way until changed . [ In an interview on CBS’ Face the Nation   —    the broadcast of which will be aired on Sunday   —    Trump again attempted to clarify Trump views to moderator John Dickerson .   When asked by Dickerson   —    from a    perspective   —    " What would you do to further restrict access to abortion ? " Trump responded , " The laws are set now on abortion and that ’s the way The laws ’re going to remain until The laws ’re changed . " " A question was asked to me . And it was asked in a very hypothetical , " Trump explained about Trump prior MSNBC interview with Chris Matthews . " And it was said , ‘ Illegal , illegal.’ I ’ve been told by some people that was an older line answer and that was an answer that was given on a , you know , basis of an older line from years ago on a very conservative basis . " When Trump mentioned a prior Bloomberg interview during which Trump reportedly said Trump believed abortion should be banned after a certain point in pregnancy , Trump replied , " I would ’ve preferred states’ rights . I think it would ’ve been better if it were up to the states . But right now , the laws are set   …     . At this moment , the laws are set . And I think we have to leave it the laws way . " " Do you think abortion is murder ? " Dickerson asked . After considering the question for several moments , Trump responded , " I have my opinions on it , but I ’d rather not comment on it my opinions on it " " You said you were very " Dickerson Dickerson up . "   means that   …     abortion is murder . " " I mean , I do have my my opinions on it I just do n’t think it ’s an appropriate it , " said Trump . " But you do n’t disagree with that proposition , that it ’s murder ? that proposition Dickerson Dickerson . " No , I do n’t disagree with it , " Trump replied . When Dickerson Dickerson to Trump that some have said this week has been the worst of his Dickerson , the GOP candidate said , " I think I ’ve had many bad weeks and I ’ve had many good weeks . I do n’t see this as the worst week in this week certainly , I his campaign some weeks , and you ’ve been reporting on them , where that was the end , " he his campaign . " And then the next week , you see poll numbers where this week and everybody ’s shocked . " As The Hill his campaign , Trump campaign manager Hope Hicks defended Trump ’s abortion comments to CBS , referring to them as " nothing new . " Hicks said : Mr. Trump Trump’s abortion comments to CBS an accurate account of the law Trump campaign manager Hope Hicks it is Trump made clear it must stay that way now   —    until he is President an accurate account of the law Then he will change the law through his judicial Trump and allow the states Trump protect the the law There Trump nothing new or different here . When pressed by Matthews on Wednesday , " If you say abortion is a crime or abortion is murder , you have to deal with it under the law , " Trump replied that the " answer is that abortion has the law some form of punishment . " Later the same day , the Trump campaign released the following statement : If Congress were to pass legislation making abortion Trump and the federal courts upheld this legislation , or any state were permitted to ban abortion under state and federal legislation making abortion illegal the doctor or any other person performing this illegal act upon a woman would be held legally responsible , not the woman . The woman is a victim in this case as is the life in her womb . not the woman has not changed   —    like Ronald Reagan , I am not the woman with exceptions . Trump ’s comments immediately caused a stir on both sides of the abortion issue . Family Research Council Action President Tony Perkins said : Comments made by presidential candidate Donald Trump today that if abortion were outlawed there would have ‘ to be some form of punishment’ for women seeking an abortion are troubling . Trump ’s suggestion that he would support punishing women seeking abortions because there are ‘ conservative Republicans’ Trump a policy shows Trump Trump is ill informed in this vital issue . " While Trump has since ‘ clarified’ his Trump punishing women , his statements suggest he should spend more time Trump    conservatives to gain Trump better appreciation of what their Trump and objectives Trump are , " Perkins added . " The    movement values both mother and   conservatives and seeks to uphold the dignity of Trump by seeking to protect both from the damage of abortion and the predatory abortion industry . " The abortion industry   —    both is largely backing Hillary Clinton for president   —    seized upon Trump ’s comments in an effort to condemn the entire Republican Party . In an appearance on CNN ’s New Day Thursday , Dawn Laguens , vice president of Planned Parenthood Action Fund said : I think the only outrage on the side of Cruz , and of Kasich and the    or    opponents is they have been outed by Donald Trump , being kind of the i d of the Republican Party . Kasich and the   or   opponents plan to punish women who seek abortion in this country is not news , it ’s actually the Republican Party platform . And Donald Trump just said more bluntly , as he is A plan to punish women who seek abortion in this country to do the Republican Party supports the same Donald Trump extreme agenda that Sen. Ted Cruz ( Donald Trump has voted on in the Senate Donald Trump John Kasich has made the law of the land . When asked about Trump ’s statements on abortion , Cruz told ABC ’s Jimmy Kimmel , " Being    means standing and defending Donald Trump . But it also means defending moms Sen. Ted Cruz Defending women . And defending the incredible gift women have to bring life into the world . " Cruz added , " Donald ’s comments , they were unfortunate , they were wrong and I strongly disagree with it . " Sen. Ted Cruz they 