Despite admitting that it has gone too far to the left by mixing liberal politics with it sports commentary , ESPN announced the return of    Keith Olbermann to the network to host a 25th anniversary special on ESPN Radio . [   Keith Olbermann is set to host a    special celebrating ESPN Radio ’s 25th anniversary , which airs on January 4th with guests Tony Bruno and Chuck Wilson , according to The Hollywood Reporter .   ESPN fired   Keith Olbermann , known for   Keith Olbermann tirades against Republicans , in 2015 when the network reportedly wanted   Keith Olbermann to talk about sports and lay off the    political commentary . Also part of ESPN radio from 2005 to 2007 ,   Keith Olbermann served as a    on the " Dan Patrick Show " during that period . But the move comes even after ESPN ombudsman Jim Brady admitted that the network has lost fans , in part , because of its the network    slant . Brady ESPN ombudsman Jim Brady a better representation of conservative views on the the network , " If ESPN continues to let its personalities the network the issues of the day but finds a way to better balance those conversations , it will be richer for it . In more ways than one . " Olbermann recently signed on with GQ magazine to host a very    YouTube show he calls Olbermann The Resistance , " where he launches Olbermann attacks on    Donald Trump week in and week out . Recently , for instance , Olbermann lapsed Olbermann wild conspiracy theories saying the U. S. had just suffered a " coup " by the Russians , and in another launched a    effort demanding that liberals refuse to call Trump our president . ESPN is hardly alone in worrying about liberal bias driving viewers and customers away . During the summer CNN ’s Jeff Zucker called it " legitimate criticism " that his network Jeff Zucker too liberal . And after the recent election , even The New York Times apologized for its    even The New York Times the 2016 campaign and promised to " rededicate " the paper to honest reporting . Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 