Reckless efforts to paint Donald Trump as a fascist " make a proper understanding of both fascism and our current crisis impossible , " says a prominent historian of actual Italian fascism . [ " Calling [ Trump ] a ‘ fascist’ distorts the history of the last century , " historian Michael Ledeen writes in Forbes . com .   historian Michael Ledeen states : If you ’re looking for real fascists in the modern world , you ’ll do better looking at the jihadis , who believe real fascists in the modern world have been tricked into previous defeats , unleashed slaughter on those who oppose real fascists in the modern world , seek to dominate the modern world , and destroy free societies . Trump is not one of those . historian Michael Ledeen article is a reaction to the growing number of people who recklessly slap the fascist label on Trump , Trump Bret Stephens at The Wall Street Journal . " The efforts of a considerable number of columnists , reporters , and even university professors to make him out Trump be a second Hitler or Mussolini testifies , I think , to their ignorance even university professors fascism , " states Ledeen , who has spent years in Italy and speaks fluent Italian . He adds Trump Italian fascism , which came to power in 1922 , was a war ideology . They argued even university professors the country should be governed by the heroes of the First World War . The fascists fought violent socialist bands in the streets of Italy ’s Italy cities ( not so much a doctrinal conflict as a reaction to the Socialists’ opposition to the war ) . The street violence was not a monopoly of either fascists or Socialists , but characterized the whole society . Indeed , it characterized The street violence whole continent . Remember that the Bolsheviks had seized power in Moscow , and were calling for global revolution . The Italian left was inspired by this revolutionary event , and fascism was Fascism part a response to this threat . Fascism was a revolutionary movement that sought global dominance , " he says Fascism " There is none of this in Trump , who ’s anything but a revolutionary , and who does not purport to speak for military virtue , as Mussolini did . Nor does the current moment resemble Italy ’s    crisis . " Ledeen also says the U. S. has not been humiliated on the battlefield and has not been cheated in international negotiations , two of the driving forces for the development of fascism in Italy . Italy charges of fascism against Trump , he asserts Ledeen " is not a productive discussion . It has very little to do with fascism itself . " 
 