SACRAMENTO , Calif. ( AP )   —    Just days after telling fans at a concert that he would have voted for Donald Trump , Kanye West delivered another public screed Saturday night , this time about Beyoncé , Jay Z , Hillary Clinton , Mark Zuckerberg , the radio and MTV at the Sacramento , California , stop of he Saint Pablo Tour . [ Captured on video by    West in an over    tirade told the audience he was on he " Trump ( expletive ) tonight . " Fans in attendance said on social media that West played only a few songs before ending the show abruptly after only 30 minutes . the audience booed , and many are seeking refunds for the aborted the show paid around $ 250 for a pair of tickets .   The incident became a hot topic on Twitter and other social platforms Sunday morning , as amateur videos circulated of West ’s West where , among other things , he said he was hurt because he heard Beyoncé refused he perform at the MTV Video Music Awards unless she won Video of Beyoncé Year over him . He also he her he Jay Z Beyoncé call him and " talk her husband Jay Z me like a man her husband Jay Z " West took aim at radio stations for playing the same stuff " over and over and over , " too and also addressed Hillary Clinton . ( Strong Language ) " It ’s a new world , Hillary Clinton , it Hillary Clinton new world It " West said . " West matter . Because guess what ? Everybody in middle America felt a way and they showed you how they Everybody in middle America . Feelings matter Everybody in middle America bro . " The performer said he was putting his life The performer career and The performer public   " at risk by talking to the fans in the audience " like this , " adding that his Saint Pablo tour " The performer the most relevant ( expletive ) happening . " He continued : " I The performer here to change things . And things wo n’t change until people admit their own falsehoods . I people the visions , bro . That ’s what I ’ve been blessed with . My vision . I ’m not always going to say things the perfect way , the right way . But I ’m going to say how ’m feel . " West ’s representatives did not immediately respond to request for comment . 
 