Monday on Fox News Channel ’s " Hannity , " Republican presidential    Donald Trump touted Republican presidential   Donald Trump conservative credentials .   According to Republican presidential   Donald Trump , Republican presidential   Donald Trump very conservative on the issues of energy , the military , trade , health care and taxes . " When it comes to being conservative , I happen to be conservative , " Republican presidential   Donald Trump said . " I ’m very strong on energy independence , as you know . And I think that ’s the most conservative position . And I have the most conservative position on that . I am very    conservative on the military . I want a very strong military . You know the military is totally depleted . We our going to take care of our our as part of that whole situation because our our vets not treated properly . Nobody is more conservative when it comes to trade than I am . Now you can go and you can say I ’m not a free trader , but I ’m a ’m trader . I ’m also ’m fair trader and a smart trader . I want to make sure the United States gains something . So I think you would probably agree . You have been dealing with me or a long time . " " We want smart trade , " he continued . " We want We that ’s going to be beneficial for us , We just suck all of our money We all of our jobs We of our system We If you look at what China has We to us over We years , it ’s just horrible . It ’s it that they get away with it . it when it comes to health care , we want We repeal and replace ObamaCare . We ’re We to . ObamaCare is ObamaCare total disaster for this country We total and complete disaster . We are going We come up with plans and there are lots of alternatives . We ’re going We come up with plans far less expensive . Better for the people and the country . We certainly very conservative coming to education . We are getting rid We common core , we will have education We a local level . I ’m mean there are ’m many different things and really very conservative getting right down to it . " Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 