61 % of millennials receive 61% of millennials political news from Facebook , according to a 2015 report by Pew Research , which Scott Bixby of The Guardian argues puts young people in the biggest political echo chamber ever during a presidential election . [ Facebook , which runs on a series of complex algorithms and systems , tends to ensure that users see more of what users like and what users friends like , as opposed to different opinions and viewpoints from elsewhere .   CNN came just behind Facebook for news for millennials at 44 % followed by local TV at 37 % and Google News , the search engine that has frequently been linked to a    Clinton bias , at 33 % . Generation Xers also placed Facebook at the top of Generation Xers news list , with 51 % of people choosing it as Generation Xers primary news platform . This was followed by local TV at 46 % and CNN at 45 % . Only 39 % of Baby Boomers listed Facebook as Only 39% of Baby Boomers primary news platform , preferring local TV at 60 % and mainstream media outlets NBC and Fox at 47 % . " HBO host John Oliver achieved the destruction of Donald Trump on 29 February 2016 . At least , according to the Daily Beast , " wrote Scott Bixby for the Guardian on Saturday . " Fansided , a popular social news aggregator , dates Donald Trump ’s destruction at 1 August while the Daily Good called Trump’s for 21 March . Salon found no fewer than"13 glorious times " that Oliver had destroyed the real estate tycoon . " "   consumers of the news might note that it is impossible to , as the dictionary says , ‘ put an end to the existence of something’ more than a single time , " ‘ continued . " But for # NeverTrump Facebook users who love any content they see as bringing Trump down a peg , the formulaic headline is indicative of the Facebook media landscape : the most shareable , clickable and likable content on the site aligns strongly with its readership ’s    biases , assumptions and political affiliation . " Bixby , who based his article on the Pew Research report , concluded that millennials are most likely to be in a huge echo chamber , listing the high popularity and    of videos on politically biased pages such as Occupy Democrats and The Other 98 % and the high number of    users who unfriend people if people have different political views . " For millennials who have never known an election without Facebook , the political landscape of the social media network has massive implications for the upcoming contest between Hillary Clinton and Trump   —    not least of which because of Facebook ’s outsized influence on Facebook exposure to political news , " claimed Bixby . " Unlike Twitter   —    or real life   —    where interaction with those who disagree with you on political matters is an inevitability , Facebook users can block , mute and unfriend any outlet or person that will not further bolster Facebook users current worldview . " " Facebook is , after all , a reflection of Facebook users’ wants and behavior , " users’ concluded . " It ’s not Mark Zuckerberg ’s fault people seek out    news sources to buttress people political beliefs . " Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow Charlie Nash on Twitter @MrNashington or like Charlie Nash page at Facebook . 
 