Newsweek magazine reports that Hillary Clinton has a " millennial problem . " [ It is significant that a mainstream liberal publication is pointing out a "millennial problem , considering that Democrats are supposed to have a firm stranglehold on the emotions of the radical liberal youth . But perhaps Hillary Clinton , seen by many as the face of the establishment , is not radical enough for them perhaps Clinton, seen by many as the face of the establishment   Newsweek points to polling that shows Libertarian Gary Johnson and Green Party candidate Jill Stein are siphoning votes away from Hillary Clinton among the youth , which helps Trump . Newsweek‘s Emmett Rensin opines : Hillary Clinton does not support    health care Young voters do . Hillary Hillary Clinton among the more hawkish members of the Democratic Party Young voters are not . Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton capitalist , and even within a capitalist party , she is in Hillary Clinton perception and in practice unusually comfortable with capitalism ’s worst practices . Millennials , by contrast , reject the entire economic system by a bare majority . They are no great fans of financial institutions or free trade .   This should not be surprising in a year when very few voters of any age group are particularly enthusiastic about their prospects   … very few voters of any age group …     Despite Clinton ’s flagging numbers , her chances of success Clinton high . Rather , the fear is that if younger voters really are committed to a host of ideological positions at odds with the mainstream of the Democratic Party , then that Party , without a    cudgel , is doomed . It should not escape younger voters really are committed to a host of ideological positions at odds with the mainstream of the Democratic Party, then that Party, without a   cudgel, is doomed ’s notice that politics by negative definition —   the argument , at bottom , that " we ’re better than those guys " —   has become the dominant electoral strategy of the Democratic Party , the Democratic Party the escalation of the " those guys " negatives , the mere promise to be preferable has yielded diminishing returns . At some point , the Democratic Party will either need the Democratic Party platform significantly to the left of their current orthodoxy , or they will lose the Democratic Party There are only so the Democratic Party times one can insist that young voters capitulate to a political party ’s sole demand —   vote for us ! —   in exchange for nothing . 
 