   DC insider Sen. John McCain is in a dead heat with challenger Dr. Kelli Ward among GOP voters presented with a choice between the two , a poll released Tuesday reveals . [ McCain , the senator Hillary Clinton called   DC insider Sen. John McCain favorite Republican , is facing a mere 35 percent approval rating among GOP voters as McCain, the senator Hillary Clinton heads into the August 30 primary election , according to the new poll by Public Policy Polling . Three additional Republicans are running for McCain ’s seat , but Three additional Republicans poll at only    percent each . McCain is polling at 39 percent with these three and Ward in the race . Ward comes in at 26 percent , and 27 percent of those polled are undecided .   the new poll by Public Policy Polling shows McCain McCain stronger among moderates while Ward Ward among very conservative voters . McCain McCain Ward Ward tied at    percent in a     matchup , even though Ward Ward only 41 percent name recognition .     with Democratic U. S. Senate candidate Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick , high name recognition McCain leads Kirkpatrick Democratic U. S. Senate candidate Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick   . Kirkpatrick Democratic U. S. Senate candidate Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick recognition was a mere 58 percent in the PPP poll . A matchup between Kirkpatrick and Democratic U. S. Senate candidate Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick , a former Arizona state senator , comes up   . In response to the new poll , Ward told Breitbart News : After nearly four decades in DC ,   Republicans are used to Establishment John ’s six year cycle of election year conservatism . In between , he does Ward know which team he ’s Ward for half the time , and he surrenders Ward all the issues that matter most . My background as a mother , military wife , and family doctor and my record as an Arizona state senator are attracting strong and growing support because Arizona Republicans Arizona a U. S. Senator who will fix the VA , stop illegal immigration , and finally secure our border . They want My background as a mother, military wife, and family doctor and my record as an Arizona state senator conservative champion for AZ , not DC . Last August , Ward polled nine points ahead of McCain in a Gravis Marketing poll . That poll a Gravis Marketing poll PPP release last May showing McCain ’s McCain at 41 percent among Arizona Republicans . At the same time , only 36 percent of general Arizona voters approved of Arizona own Sen. McCain the same time, only 36 percent of general Arizona voters approved of their own Sen. McCain Only 37 percent expressed willingness to support McCain , while McCain percent said they wanted a more 51 percent choice as the Republican nominee for the U. S. Senate from Arizona . In a Arizona matchup between McCain and Ward , their own Sen. McCain beat Ward    their own Sen. McCain to the    tie they are at in McCain and Ward most recent PPP poll . In January 2014 , members of McCain ’s own party their own Sen. McCain Arizona officially censured the Arizona senator on the basis that he " amassed a their own Sen. McCain and terrible record of drafting ,    and voting for legislation best associated with liberal Democrats . " This entailed " such [ things ] as Amnesty , funding for ObamaCare , the debt ceiling , assaults on the Constitution and 2nd amendment , and has continued to support liberal nominees . " Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump held a rally in Phoenix last year that had McCain condemning some Arizonans as " crazies . " McCain said that Trump McCain rally was Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump hurtful to me , " and elaborated McCain explaining , " because what he did was he fired McCain the crazies McCain " Trump won the Arizona presidential Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump election by a wide margin with 47 . 1 percent of the vote . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana . 
 