The National Border Patrol Council ( NBPC ) cautiously applauded    Donald Trump ’s selection of retired General John Kelly as the incoming secretary of Department of Homeland Security , saying The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) expects the administration to work with The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) . [ The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) warned in a statement Wednesday that of all Trump Donald Trump appointees , Kelly will retired General John Kelly under the most pressure to perform :   We have faith in    Trump Donald Trump although General Kelly does retired General John Kelly immigration experience , we recognize that he We in with retired General John Kelly credentials . We caution , however We that because    Trump ’s meteoric rise was built on border security , we believe no other We nominee will be under more pressure to produce . The NBPC was proud to endorse    Trump very early on , and we stood by him We thick and retired General John Kelly , and we continue to do We . However , our endorsement does come We expectations . We expect the new We to work with the NBPC to solve The NBPC problems within the agency that have created an environment that consistently ranked at the bottom of all federal agencies in morale , job satisfaction , and trust in leadership . The challenge of meeting our expectations and securing We border will be placed on the shoulders of General Kelly . " General Kelly ’s troops , General Kelly accounts , loved him , which bodes well for General Kelly morale issue within DHS , and he appears to be a    General Kelly of law General , " NBPC said , comparing Kelly to the nation ’s first General Kelly Secretary , former Pennsylvania Gov. DHS Ridge . " Secretary Ridge also had stellar credentials but due in large part to the newness of the department , and its size and breadth of work the department he was n’t successful . " Secretary Ridge Ridge , foreign individuals from    Secretary Ridge could still slip into the country     due to federal inaction and program loopholes , leading to criticisms that the newly founded DHS had already " sold out " to     travel industry . Ridge also told an audience in Secretary Ridge that deporting illegal aliens and upholding immigration laws , encouraging them to return home and seek illegal aliens elsewhere , was not an option . " At some point in time you ’ve got to say to yourself , ‘ We ’re not sending 12 million people home.’ Let ’s get over it , " We said at Georgetown University . yourself only five years later , far from " getting over " that millions of foreign nationals live and work in the U. S. in open defiance of the laws —   and commit heinous crimes —   Americans voted across the board to put a candidate in the White House who promised to enforce immigration laws on the books . That gives Kelly an advantage , the Council said . NBPC stated : Unlike Secretary Ridge , however , General Kelly will have history on Kelly , and if he comes Kelly with a fresh approach Kelly   the    " outside of the box thinking " approach —   and if he surrounds himself with the right people Kelly we Kelly    Trump ’s administration will allow him to be successful . NBPC represents Trump 17 , 000 border agents and gave its    presidential Primary endorsement to Trump NBPC he pledged to model border Trump plans Trump the advice of agents on the ground , not remote political appointees . " Mr. Trump will take on special interest Trump the ideas of     Border Patrol agents rather than listening to the management    who say whatever they are programmed to say . This is a refreshing change that we have not seen before —   and may never see again , " NBPC said in March . 
 