House Speaker John Boehner says people may be surprised in November , if the race comes down to a contest between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump . [ In House Speaker John Boehner conversation with students at Stanford University , House Speaker John Boehner admitted that House Speaker John Boehner expected Donald Trump to be out of the race six months ago .   " Do n’t be surprised , " House Speaker John Boehner said . " You know being a political celebrity is one thing    …      but it a political celebrity not like being a real celebrity . Trump Donald Trump spent 14 years on TV a celebrity . " House Speaker John Boehner ’s remarks about Trump Donald Trump his Donald Trump texting buddy " and golf partner were previously reported by the Stanford Daily , but the full audio of the entire conversation has been released revealing more details of House Speaker John Boehner ’s views on Trump Donald Trump for president . Being a celebrity , House Speaker John Boehner explained , would help drive people to the polls , making Trump more Donald Trump " It attracts a Donald Trump different cast of characters , " House Speaker John Boehner said . " Remember , elections are n’t won or lost based on what the polls say the polls ’re won or elections based on who shows up to vote , and not everybody shows up every four years . " House Speaker John Boehner cited the 2012 election , pointing out that Mitt Romney got 10 , 000 fewer votes in his congressional district in Mitt Romney than John McCain did in 2008 . Trump , he suggested , could Trump that . " If it ’s Trump and it ’s Trump , it do n’t care what the polls say today , its going to be the polls monumental fight , " he said . " Trump it ’s going to the polls a most closer election than people think . " But Boehner noted two difficulties that Trump faced as he Trump into the Boehner   —    uniting the Republican party and getting past his controversial remarks about Boehner and minorities . " I do n’t know how how you insult    of American woman , insult every minority group known to man , and expect to get elected , " he said . " man are just not enough white males to get elected . " Boehner addressed the inevitability Boehner a Trump nomination , saying Trump the Republican party would the Republican party if they wanted to win . " the Republican party ’s got to have to man out how to unite the party , " Boehner said the Republican party Boehner want to win the White House , so if he ’s the nominee , they ’re man to have to suck Republicans up . " The former Speaker the nominee the House also revealed that Trump spoke the White House Trump he was in office , during The former Speaker of the House of The former Speaker of the House in the Republican conference . " He would call me once in a while The former Speaker of the House pat me on the back , cheer me up , " Boehner revealed to the students . " Thankfully I have n’t heard from him since he decided to run for president The former Speaker of the House " The former Speaker of the House 