Speaking to reporters at the Cannes Film Festival in France , Hollywood    George Clooney predicted that presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will never be elected President of the United States . [ " There ’s not going to be a President Donald Trump , " a confident George Clooney said Thursday at a Cannes the Cannes Film Festival press junket for his George Clooney film Money Monster .   " That ’s not going to happen , " Clooney George Clooney to applause from the room full of journalists . The George Clooney voters in America wo n’t let " fear " force them to support voters in America ’s White a President Donald Trump . " Fear is not going to be something that drives our country , " America . George Clooney We ’re not going to be scared of Muslims or immigrants or women . We ’re not actually afraid We anything . We ’re not going to We fear . So that ’s not going to be an issue . " Last month , Clooney used his George Clooney Hollywood George Clooney to host a pair of pricey fundraising events for Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton . An April 15 fundraiser featuring George and his wife Amal Clooney saw George Francisco Democrats shell out $ 175 , 000 per plate for Clinton ’s presidential campaign . Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton was followed by a    $    fundraiser at the couple ’s Studio City home . Both George and his wife Amal have George slammed his wife Amal Clooney temporary ban on Muslim travel to America , and his plan to build a wall George the Mexico border . " Building walls , " Amal Clooney said in a recent interview with his wife Amal Clooney , " does n’t represent " U. S. values . " Clooney ’s latest film , Money Monster , sees his wife Amal Clooney play a Jim    TV finance guru who is taken hostage live on air by a disgruntled viewer . The film   —      Julia Roberts and directed by Jodie Foster   —    had its world premiere at Cannes on Thursday . Box office The film  —     Julia Roberts and directed by Jodie Foster  —    predict the film will have a disappointing opening at the North The film  —     Julia Roberts and directed by Jodie Foster  —    office this weekend . Clooney told reporters he blames America ’s    news media for Trump ’s political Clooney . " Trump is a result of the news programs not asking    Trump’s , " he said . " It ’s really easy because the cable Clooney numbers go up . And    news does n’t mean you get more news . It   news   news get the same news more . " Today ’s version of TV News more news , is a " great disaster in   news we inform ourselves . " Money Monster opens everywhere Friday , May 13 . Follow Jerome Hudson we Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 