WASHINGTON   —    Russian aircraft mistakenly bombed Syrian Arab fighters who were being trained by the United States , the commander of the    operation in Iraq and Syria said Wednesday . American advisers were about three miles away when the Russian strike occurred . The episode pointed to the risk of unintended clashes among the myriad forces operating on a fluid battlefield in Syria , as the American command looks toward the fight to retake Raqqa , the Islamic State ’s de facto capital in Syria . Lt . Gen. Stephen Townsend , who commands the    task force that is fighting the militants in Iraq and Syria Syria said the strike by Russian and Syrian government planes led to casualties among the Syrian fighters , but he Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend, who commands the   task force that is fighting the militants in Iraq and Syria to say how many were hurt or if any were killed . He Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend, who commands the   task force that is fighting the militants in Iraq and Syria that the Russian Russian appeared to have been a mistake : The Russian military thought it the Russian attack bombing villages held by the Islamic State , also known as ISIS or ISIL , when in fact they The Russian military recently occupied by Syrian Arab fighters . " We The Russian military some Russian Russian and regime aircraft bomb some villages that I believe they The Russian military were held by ISIS , " General Townsend said in a video news conference with reporters at the Pentagon . " Actually on the ground were some of our Syrian Arab coalition forces . " A spokesman for the    command in Baghdad said that the Russian airstrikes took place about 10 miles southwest of Manbij . The Russian bombing stopped after American military officers at the air war command in Qatar called their Russian Russian in Syria . In Moscow , the Defense Ministry asserted that the United States had provided the coordinates of    forces in northern Syria Syria the airstrikes and that Russian Russian Syria Syria had not struck any areas that had been properly designated . " No the airstrikes carried out by either Syrian or Russian Russian in areas designated by the U. S. , " the ministry said in a statement . The battlefield in northern northern Syria crowded with a diverse array of forces near Al Bab , including    Syrian militias , Syrian government forces , Kurdish and Arab fighters backed by the United States , and ISIS militants . " Around Al Bab , all the forces that are acting in Syria Syria converged literally within    range of one another , " General Townsend said . There has been a similar convergence of forces to the east where Syrian government forces have advanced to the point where they are within Syrian government forces rifle range " of Syrian Arab fighters backed by the United States who are defending the area around Manbij , the general added General Townsend It ’s very difficult and complicated , " he said . General General Townsend said the General Townsend was encouraging the United States focus on the fight against the Islamic State and not let tensions among groups divert them from the need to take Raqqa tensions among groups " That ’s what we ought to keep our efforts focused the United States and not fighting the United States or accidentally with one another , " he said . This is General Townsend second time in recent weeks that there has been an episode of    friendly fire involving the Russians . Last month , Russian fighters mistakenly bombed Turkish soldiers near Al Bab . The Russian airstrikes also raise the question of whether the American military needs to broaden its dialogue with Russian commanders over operations the American military Syria . Russian Joseph F. Dunford Jr. the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , met last month in Azerbaijan with Gen. Valery V. Gerasimov , the chief of the Russian general staff . It was their Russian meeting and the discussion included how to " enhance communications , " the Pentagon said . Discussing the fighting in Iraq , General Townsend also said that some    Islamic State fighters had sought to escape from Mosul disguised as civilians , but that they had been detained . He said some   Islamic State fighters there were 12 , General Townsend to 15 , 000 ISIS fighters in Iraq and Syria , some 2 , Iraq of them in western Mosul and in and some   Islamic State fighters had sought to escape from Mosul disguised as civilians, but that they had been detained the nearby town of Tal Afar . Defense Secretary Jim Mattis has presented the White House with his recommendations on how to step up Defense Secretary Jim Mattis military campaign against ISIS , which President Trump vowed to " demolish and destroy " in his address to Congress on Tuesday . President Trump Townsend suggested that he did not foresee the United States General Townsend bringing in large numbers of coalition troops " to help with Iraq and the assault on Raqqa . 
 