Sigourney Weaver spoke in support of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton at the party ’s national convention in Philadelphia on Wednesday , where Sigourney Weaver discussed Sigourney Weaver " deep concern " about climate change while introducing a warning video directed by James Cameron . [ " As an American , I am also deeply concerned about my family ’s future , indeed about our shared future as a nation , because that future is at risk , " the     Alien star and environmental activist said .   " You see , when the    Alien star and environmental activist talk about greenhouse gases , warming temperatures or deadlier droughts , even more destructive storms , what we ’re really talking about is people , " Weaver added . " people ’re the people you ’re going to see in a few moments , people whose lives are affected by climate change right here in America , right now . " Weaver went on to describe some people affected by climate change , including a Texas rancher who lost cattle because cattle could not find grass to eat , or a mom in New York who lost Weaver daughter in Hurricane Sandy to floods made worse by rising sea levels brought on by the effects of climate change . " Can Donald Trump look these people in the eye and tell these people climate change is a hoax , and that there ’s nothing we can do ? That Donald Trump does n’t care about these people pain ? " Weaver challenged . " This is a moment when we as a nation have to decide whether we as a nation will ignore the facts and allow people to continue to suffer , or whether we as a nation will come together to do what ’s right . " Weaver concluded Weaver brief speech by endorsing Clinton as the best possible candidate to tackle climate change issues . " Clinton she Clinton it , " Weaver said . " She cares Clinton She is Clinton . She understands Clinton taking a stand against climate change   —    it ’s not about politics . It is about our moral obligation to one another and to our children our and to the generations that will one day inherit this beautiful earth . " It appeared Weaver had a bit more to say , but the actress Weaver off by the start of Avatar director James Cameron ’s    climate change warning video .    Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter : @dznussbaum 
 