Voting records reveal that several stars of the Broadway musical Hamilton have n’t voted in past elections , despite having lectured Vice    Mike Pence about how the Donald Trump administration ’s policies might negatively affect several stars of the Broadway musical Hamilton lives . [ Brandon Victor Dixon , the     actor who plays Aaron Burr , lectured Pence from the Broadway stage Friday night , expressing fear that the Trump administration " will not protect us , us planet , us children , our parents , or defend us and uphold our inalienable rights . "   However , Dixon did n’t vote in 2012 , according to the Daily Mail . Voting records for 2016 are not yet available . Javier Munoz , the actor who plays Alexander Hamilton , has n’t voted since the midterm elections in 2006 . Seth Stewart , who plays Thomas Jefferson in the      musical , voted in 2008 but did not cast a vote in 2012 . Okieriete Onaodowan , who plays James Madison , has been a registered voter since 2005 but has no record of voting . The rant from Dixon prompted    Trump to demand an apology from the cast and the popular Broadway show . " The Theater must always be a safe and special place . The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man , Mike Pence . Apologize ! "   Trump tweeted Saturday . The Theater must always be a safe and special place . The The cast of Hamilton very rude Hamilton night to a last night man , a very good man, Mike Pence    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) November 19 , 2016 ,   Dixon appeared on CBS This Morning on Monday and said he and the Hamilton cast had The cast of Hamilton Hamilton " after the incident . He added that both Trump and Pence are " welcome " to come he and have a conversation about the concerns the cast addressed in the    The cast of Hamilton While # BoycottHamilton became a top trend on social media over the weekend , Pence says he was n’t offended by what Dixon and the cast had to Pence . #BoycottHamilton The cast of Hamilton Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson 
 