Katie Glueck writes in Poitico :    LAS VEGAS   —    For once , Ted Cruz ’s biggest problem is n’t Donald Trump . As Ted Cruz heads to the Republican Jewish Coalition ’s spring meeting here , Ted Cruz ’s about to encounter a group of donors that , in another cycle , would have already been enthusiastically committed to the likely Republican nominee . But this time around , many are burned out after having already supported multiple other candidates who did n’t last , and now multiple other candidates who didn’t last ’re considering sitting out the primary entirely . Ted Cruz is going all out this weekend in an attempt to bring those Republicans off the sidelines , and RJC insiders say Ted Cruz has a real opportunity to do so . But first , they say , Ted Cruz ’ll need to spell out a path to beating Trump   —    and being competitive in a general election   —    that convinces disillusioned donors and    party activists to rally one more time , especially in a crowd where some see Ted Cruz as too   . " Ted Cruz has been powerfully supportive of Israel , and that ’s been enticing to a lot of people here , " said Ari Fleischer , a White House press secretary for George W. Bush , who now serves on the RJC ’s board . But , Ted Cruz continued , " Ted , by nature of the purity with which Ted Cruz approaches politics , has made Ted Cruz candidacy somewhat of a question mark for people here . So I think Ted Cruz has to deal with that .    …      It ’s just a question mark over whether Ted practices such a pure version of politics that it ’s too uncompromising . " " Ted has been powerfully supportive of Israel , and that ’s been enticing to a lot of people here , " said Ari Fleischer , a White House press secretary for George W. Bush , who now serves on the RJC ’s board . But , Ted continued , " Ted , by nature of the purity with which Ted approaches politics , has made Ted candidacy somewhat of a question mark for people here . So I think Ted has to deal with that .    …      It ’s just a question mark over whether Ted practices such a pure version of politics that it ’s too uncompromising . " You can read the rest of the story here . 
 