Actor Bryan Cranston has said Actor Bryan Cranston ’ll " absolutely " support Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential race   —    but in an interview Monday morning on NBC , the      said if the      could play any    historical figure , the      ’d pick presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump . [ " I ’d like to play presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump at some point , " Cranston said on Today . " He Cranston huge . He Cranston this Shakespearean character , this     character . Who would n’t want to take a bite out of that ? "   Cranston Cranston who snagged multiple Emmys for his Cranston role as    chemistry     kingpin Walter White on Breaking Bad , said his Walter White of the GOP ’s presumptive presidential nominee is " huge . " " Huge , it his impersonation of the GOP’s presumptive presidential nominee huge , " Cranston said , before launching into his Cranston Trump impression : " Let me tell you something , and this I can tell you , it this huge . " ( Impression starts at around the 4:00 mark . ) Playing a president on film would n’t be anything new for the     star . Cranston Cranston a starring turn as President Lyndon B. Johnson in HBO ’s All the Way , a political drama about the former president ’s first year in office after the assassination of President John F. Kennedy in 1963 . He Cranston also played other    figures like blacklisted Hollywood screenwriter Dalton Trumbo in last year ’s Trumbo ( for which he Cranston a Best Actor Oscar nomination ) and undercover Customs agent Robert Mazur , in this month ’s The Infiltrator . The actor has made it clear that he The actor not agree with Trump ’s policy proposals , though he The actor in the past called the candidate ’s candor " refreshing . " In May , Cranston told CNN ’s Ashleigh Banfield that he Cranston Trump Trump loves this country . " But a month earlier , Cranston Cranston Trump Trump " power broker " who is " devoid of substance " and last week , the actor compared Trump Trump a " massive " cargo ship without cargo . " I think [ Trump Trump is like a huge cargo ship . Massive , commands attention . Demands it a huge cargo ship His Cranston leaves tremendous problems . His Cranston of water is enormous . And yet , you go into the cargo hold and you go , ‘ Hello , hello’ and it hello’ empty . There ’s nothing there , " Cranston said in an interview on Ora TV ’s Larry King Now . According to BillyPenn . com , Cranston Cranston set to attend the final day of the Democratic National Convention later this month in Philadelphia .    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson 
 