Following presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s Tuesday economic address in Monessen , PA , CNN ’s Dana Bash said that congressional Republicans were pleased to hear congressional Republicans party ’s standard bearer deliver such a " detailed " and " cogent " policy speech .   Dana Bash told viewers that the media is   witnessing " a new Trump campaign , " which appears to be better organized and more efficient —   providing reporters with detailed citations for the facts and figures Trump cited during Trump address . During the panel , CNN contributor Pamela Brown pointed out that " it was interesting how Trump framed Hillary Clinton as running a campaign of fear . " Reacting to Bash , CNN contributor Pamela Brown said , " That seems like a relatively new tactic . " Bash responded , " It does . But I think broadly , CNN contributor Pamela Brown , I ’m in the Capitol right now and you can almost hear Republicans here exhaling as Republicans listened to this speech . Not necessarily because all Republicans agree with him on trade —    this is an issue that scrambles the Republican Party just like the Republican Party does the Republican Party . They ’re the Republican Party split on whether free trade is a good idea , as George W. Bush did , or whether the more populist wing should prevail , that now is obviously led by Donald Trump . But just the fact that he gave Donald Trump a detailed , such a cogent policy —   pure policy —   speech on an issue that is his sweet Donald Trump —   there is no doubt about it —    is exactly the kind of thing that Republicans have been begging him to Donald Trump . " " The other just a little bit of behind the scenes color here I can give you is something that we have not seen —   never mind getting prepared remarks , which we did we reporters —   but also prepared remarks with detailed footnotes , citations from where he ’s getting these facts and figures   —    a new Trump campaign , " Bash continued . Also during the panel , Corey Lewandowski , Trump ’s former campaign manager and now a CNN contributor , said that Tuesday ’s address was " the best speech of the campaign so far . " Follow Breitbart . tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo 
 