Ann Coulter sat down with Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos for an episode of The Milo Yiannopoulos Show to discuss Donald Trump , the size of the Republican candidate ’s genitalia , and why the Republican establishment is full of " pussies . " [   Speaking about Donald Trump , Ann Coulter was critical of the GOP frontrunner ’s recent social media behavior , specifically Ann Coulter recent retweet of a     comparison of Ann Coulter wife and Sen. Ted Cruz ’s wife , Heidi . " It ’s like constantly having to bailout your     son from prison , " Ann Coulter said . " I ’m a little testy with our man right now , " Ann Coulter continued . " our candidate is mental , do you realize Our candidate is mental ? "   " A presidential candidate , and not just a presidential candidate but someone who ’s probably going to get the nomination is saying ‘ ’s wife, Heidi ’s ugly and my ’s wife, Heidi hot,’ " Yiannopoulos responded . " I think that ’s amazing . " Ann Coulter claimed that the Heidi Cruz retweet was the    sin committed by Trump so far during the campaign , after Ann Coulter mocked Sen. John McCain for being a prisoner of war in July 2015 . Yiannopoulos held that Yiannopoulos Trump ’s Trump part of his appeal : " Donald Trump’s trashiness trashier [ Trump ] gets , Trump more I love him . " Coulter Donald Trump’s trashiness n’t refrain from harsh criticisms of the Republican establishment , accusing the party of " forcing their candidates to take the party positions " because " their default position is their candidates . " She suggested that the Coulter ’s leaders the party " for refusing to embrace Donald Trump despite his successes in the primaries . Donald Trump and Yiannopoulos also playfully made guesses about the size of the GOP candidates’ penises ( Trump   —    " massive " Rubio   —    " tiny " Kasich   —    " medium but curvy " ) as well as the role that each of them might play in a Trump Coulter and Yiannopoulos House . While Coulter would handle immigration , Yiannopoulos Coulter return to the White Yiannopoulos Press Briefing Room as Press Secretary . Tom Ciccotta writes about Free Speech and Intellectual Diversity for Breitbart . You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or on Tom Ciccotta . 
 