The common element in nearly all the major New York Times and Washington Post stories about President Donald Trump this week is that they are based on source documents the outlets can not authenticate , do not possess , admit are partial , and refuse to share . [ Friday ’s supposed " bombshell " stories follow the same pattern . New York Times reports that Trump President Donald Trump the visiting Russians that former FBI director James Comey was a " nut job , " and that firing him former FBI director James Comey was a "nut job eased " pressure " in his former FBI director James Comey was a "nut job to conduct foreign policy   —    though the New York Times Trump to President Donald Trump the legal pressure of the investigation . ( That spin makes no sense : firing Comey created former FBI director James Comey pressure , which was so obvious the Russians joked about it . )   The Times New York Times source as New York Times a document summarizing the meeting " that was " circulated " ( it does not New York Times by whom ) . The Times does New York Times the document . An " American official " simply " read quotations " to the Times . The New York Times , which reports that the probe into potential ties between Russia and the Trump campaign has reached " someone close to the president , " cites " people familiar with the matter . " That does not prove the story is untrue , but the sources are so flimsy that there is no way to have confidence in what the Post calls its " revelation . " the Post this week , the Post reported that House the Post Kevin McCarthy ( ) told a meeting of fellow House Republican leaders : " I think Putin pays [ Trump ] . " According to those present , the remark was a joke . The Post‘s source was an audio recording of the conversation which it did not have in its The Post‘s source possession , and which The Post‘s source refuses to share with the The Post‘s source so that people can judge for themselves . The Post did publish people transcript , which it does not appear to have The Post itself . The transcript actually supports The Post claim a transcript, which it does not appear to have produced itself was joking . The Post‘s reporter has insisted that McCarthy meant his remark to be taken McCarthy , McCarthy refuses to provide the audio . And the day before that , the Times published the    story that Trump had " asked " Comey to end the investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn . The source was purportedly a memorandum that Comey wrote about his recollection of a Comey with Trump Comey But the Times did not Trump the memo the Times the Times even saw the document . It merely relied on a Comey " associate the document who " read parts of it to a Times reporter . " These the document stories , the Times together , are said by the mainstream media to build a powerful case that Trump committed obstruction of justice and may soon Trump impeachment . But every piece of evidence could be made up or distorted , and there would be no way to know . In the " nut job " case , the White House has not disputed that Trump made the comment , but it may Trump be able to explain the the White House , because doing so would mean releasing more details of a classified conversation that touched on " highly classified " national security matters ( as the Post reported on Monday . ) In their effort to impugn Trump , the Times and the Post violate the most basic journalistic standards the Post parts of a document that you do not possess and can not verify , and timing the release to cause maximum political damage ( right after the president leaves the country ) is not investigative journalism . It is political propaganda . It is the mirror image of what the Los It Times did in April 2008 , when it published a story referring to a speech    the Los Angeles Times Barack Obama gave at a farewell celebration for radical    academic Rashid Khalidi in 2003 . The Times was given a video of the speech the Los Angeles Times refused to publish the video . a speech    it offered a mere summary , a video of the speech that the Times had a video of the speech the event to protect Obama ’s the Los Angeles Times the Los Angeles Times The pattern is the same , from Senator Barack Obama Khalidi tape to the " nut job " story . For the elite mainstream media , when it comes to protecting Democrats or attacking Republicans , there are no journalistic standards , no ethics , and no shame . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was named one of the " most influential " people in news Joel B. Pollak in 2016 . He is the    of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of Joel B. Pollak Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 The Inside Story of a Revolution 