All three U. S. Republican candidates   —    Sen. Ted Cruz , Donald Trump , and Gov. John Kasich   —    have backed down from All three U. S. Republican candidates  —   Sen. Ted Cruz, Donald Trump, and Gov. John Kasich  —    " pledges " to support the party ’s candidate at the general election , " regardless of who it is " . [ During CNN ’s Town Hall event last night , host Anderson Cooper pressed All three U. S. Republican candidates  —   Sen. Ted Cruz, Donald Trump, and Gov. John Kasich  —    on the pledge , which Donald Trump announced he host Anderson Cooper in September 2015 , with the other candidates pledging their the other candidates at the first Republican candidates’ debate .   Last night , Mr. Donald Trump Mr. host Anderson Cooper when asked if he continued host Anderson Cooper pledge for whoever the Republican nominee is , " No , I do n’t anymore " while both Mr. Cruz and Mr. Kasich implied their   . both Mr. Cruz and Mr. Kasich pledge reads : " I , [ candidate ] affirm that if I do not win the 2016 Republican nomination for President of the United States I will endorse the 2016 Republican presidential nominee regardless of who it is   …      I further pledge that I will not seek to run as an independent or    candidate nor will I seek or accept the nomination for president of any other party . " At the time , Mr. Trump said : " The best way for the Republicans to win is if I win the nomination and go directly against whoever they happen to the Republicans up . And for that reason , I have signed the pledge   …      So I will be totally pledging my allegiance to the Republican Party and for the conservative principles for which it stands . my allegiance to the Republican Party But following the past few weeks of wrangling between Mr. Trump , Mr. Trump has hinted that he may no longer honor the document , claiming the opposition towards his candidacy from Mr. Trump Republican circles as rationale . Mr. Trump said last night : Mr. Trump No , I do n’t [ support the Mr. Trump anymore   …      No , we ’ll see who it is " . " He [ Cruz ] was essentially saying the same thing . Let me just tell you Mr. Trump he does n’t have to support me . I have tremendous support right now from the Mr. Trump . I ’m way over two million votes more than him . I have many , many more delegates than him . Like many , many Mr. Trump delegates . " When pushed , he said that Mr. Trump did n’t " want to make people uncomfortable " by forcing them Mr. Trump support him Mr. Trump and claimed that he had been " treated very unfairly " people the Republican Mr. Trump . Earlier in the Mr. Trump Sen. Cruz responded to the same question in the following way : " Anderson , as you mentioned , what I said is true . I am not in the habit of supporting someone who attacks my wife and attacks my family . That is going beyond the line . I think our wives and our kids should be off limits . They do n’t belong in the attacks . " our pressed again on the question of our wives and our kids support for Mr. Trump as the GOP nominee , Sen. Cruz responded : " Donald Donald not going to be the GOP nominee , we are going to beat him " . Asked one final time the GOP nominee , " I think nominating Donald Trump would Sen. Cruz an absolute train wreck " . Gov. Sen. Cruz Kasich , also still Mr. Trump race , responded to the same question by saying : " All of us should n’t even have answered that question [ of the pledge ] , " after referring to himself we " the little engine that can " . Asked whether his support for the pledge was " in the balance " Gov. Kasich responded , " Well , yeah himself I guess the pledge say that that would be a good way to describe it " . He said that none of the candidates should have answered the question , and they only did because it was Gov. Kasich the first candidates’ debate . " What the heck , sometimes you answer none of the candidates when you ought to just say ‘ I ’m not answering it’ " . He concluded : " If the nominee is someone who I think is really hurting the country and really dividing Gov. Kasich country   …      I ca n’t stand behind them . But we have a ways to go . Let ’s see how this all folds out " . the nominee is someone who I think is really hurting the country and really dividing the country   Trump has previously hinted that he would no longer support we pledge if the Republican establishment continued to work against him during the primary . Mr. Trump February he said : " You know , I signed a pledge . And Mr. Trump pledge is a    street . Mr. Trump if it ’s not that way , you ’re going to have a pledge problem . They ’re going to have a a pledge problem with me . " He also told CBS News’ John Dickerson : " I signed the pledge , I ’ve been very good and Mr. Trump and honest and honorable , and they have not treated me a pledge Look at the way they stacked the audiences in the debate . I ’ve won They debate according to every poll . Every single online poll They but way they stacked the audiences , the way they talk . " They have this    Senator Marco Rubio saying terrible things , They personal terrible things . I do They think it ’s They the way that the establishment is treating Donald Trump . I ’ll be honest with you . I signed the pledge . I will abide by the pledge unless they default . As far as I m Senator Marco Rubio they defaulted . " Follow Raheem Kassam on Twitter 
 the pledge the pledge the pledge 