According to new reports , The Weekly Standard ’s Bill Kristol wants fellow professional Republican and National Review staff writer , David French , to run an independent presidential campaign . [ The prospect of a French run has received some support via Twitter from professional Republicans who oppose the candidate selected by the voters . However , French ’s prior controversial writings could alienate a core constituency of the American electorate —    namely , white    voters .   While Donald Trump has called on the GOP to become a " worker ’s party " —    a development Sen. Jeff Sessions called for two years ago , ironically , in the pages of the National Review —    French has defended the idea that white    communities " deserve to die . " Specifically , French wrote a piece in support of Kevin D. Williamson , who had said : The truth about these dysfunctional , downscale communities is that they deserve to die . Economically , they are negative assets . Morally , they are indefensible . Forget all your cheap theatrical Bruce Springsteen crap . Forget your sanctimony about struggling Rust Belt factory towns and your conspiracy theories about the wily Orientals stealing our jobs . Forget your goddamned gypsum , and , if he has a problem with that , forget Ed Burke , too . The white American underclass is in thrall to a vicious , selfish culture whose main products are misery and used heroin needles . Donald Trump ’s speeches make speeches feel good . So does OxyContin . What speeches need is n’t analgesics , literal or political . speeches need real opportunity , which means that speeches need real change , which means that speeches need   . French described Williamson ’s piece as " excellent " and said that Williamson’s words were " fundamentally true and important to say . " French went on to dismiss the struggles white working class Americans endure . " Citizens of the world ’s most prosperous nation , they Citizens of the world challenges   —    of course   —    but no true calamities , " French wrote . While French suggests that the decline of America ’s middle class and manufacturing power is no true calamity , others could argue that the greater a nation or culture , the more sorrowful it is to witness its it   —    much the same way that history would mourn the destruction of the Palace of Versailles more than the totaling of Justin Bieber ’s car . French insists that the devastation of the   ’ livelihoods is unrelated to failed federal policies such as mass immigration : [ I ] have seen the challenges of the white     . Simply put , Americans are killing themselves Americans destroying their Americans at an alarming rate . No one is making them Americans it No one The economy is n’t putting a bottle in their Americans . Immigrants are n’t making them Immigrants on their Immigrants or snort OxyContin . Obama is n’t walking them Immigrants the lawyer ’s office to force them Immigrants file a bogus disability claim . French , instead , suggests that the decimation of these communities is due to the laziness of the American worker : Millions of Americans are n’t doing their Millions of Americans . Indeed , they Millions of Americans barely trying . My church in Kentucky made a determined attempt to reach kids and families that were falling between the cracks , and it was consistently astounding how little effort most parents and their families children made to improve their families . If they families n’t find a job in a few days   —    or perhaps even as little as a few hours   —    they families stop looking . If they families angry at teachers or coaches , they families ’d out of school . If they families with their families , they families sex with a neighbor . And always   —    always   —    there was a sense of entitlement . And that ’s where disability or other government programs kicked in . They disability or other government programs there , beckoning , giving men and women alternatives to gainful employment . You do n’t have to do any work ( your disability lawyer does all the heavy lifting ) you make money , and you get drugs . Mr. French ’s     approach is notable for two reasons . First , it Mr. French’s    approach a novel view of human sociology in which people can lose their people pride , their people of economic survival , their people of identity , their people and even suffer direct discrimination with no corresponding fallout . Second , it Mr. French’s    approach one of the unique aspects of professional Republicanism . While professional Democrats advocate for the use of government power on behalf of their base , professional Republicans like Mr. French seem to argue that their professional Republicans like Mr. French base deserves what ’s coming and , as penance , should be left defenseless . When readers responded with outrage to French Mr. French piece , French Mr. French down in a post entitled " The Great White    Debate : Just Because I ’m ‘ Nasty’ Does n’t Mean I ’m Wrong . " In recent decades , these white working class communities   —    and their inhabitants   —    have been economically devastated and are quite literally dying off . A study by Princeton economists revealed that white ,      Americans without a college degree are experiencing a rapid rise in morbidity . The A study by Princeton economists that the rise in their death rates was tied to , what The New York Times described as the " pessimistic outlook among whites about their financial their . " " Only H. I. V.   in contemporary times has done anything like this , " one of the Princeton economists told The New The New York Times French ’s boss , Rich Lowry , in his own column about the Even French’s boss, Rich Lowry rates of the white    hinted that a kind of loss of social pride might be the cause . " The white working class is dying from the effects of a    alienation from the mainstream of American life , " Lowry wrote . In his piece , Lowry seems to perhaps be Lowry at what Pat Buchanan described more starkly : A lost generation is growing up all around us . In the popular culture of the ’40s and ’50s , white men were role models . They were the detectives and white men who ran down gangsters and the heroes who won World War II .    …      They were doctors , journalists white men lawyers , architects and clergy .    …      They were the Founding Fathers white men    …      What has changed in our culture ? Everything . The world has been turned    for white children . In our schools the history books have been rewritten and old heroes blotted out , as their statues are taken down old heroes their flags are put away old heroes Ironically , while French has said that his " life ’s work " has been " building a conservative movement that represents our nation ’s best hope for the greatness Trump claims to crave , " French ’s candidacy could help French Hillary Clinton as President and put her in a position to Hillary Clinton forever the chances of the conservative movement ’s electoral success . As National Review ’s Rich Lowry seemed to suggest more than a decade ago ,    Latin American immigration will be " suicide " for the Republican Party . As National Review warned two decades National Review " The Republican hour is rapidly drawing to a close    …      being drowned   —    as a direct result of the 1965 Immigration Act . " Today , the U. S.    population is already at an    high of 42 . 4 million . Every three years , the U. S. adds another city the U. S.    made up entirely of    immigrants . Yet Clinton has publicly released on her website a plan to dissolve the nation Clinton borders within her first 100 days in office . Similarly Clinton while French claims to be concerned about the rapid pace of Muslim immigration , his candidacy could help install a president who Clinton openly campaigning on expanding Muslim migration . Based on the minimum numbers she has put forward thus far , Clinton Clinton import 730 , 000 permanent migrants from the Muslim world during her first term alone . Yet admittedly , Clinton is not opposed to all aspects of French Clinton presidency . As French has previously said Clinton " On trade French Clinton will almost certainly be superior to Trump Clinton —    noting that Clinton " would probably maintain the    status Clinton , and while that status quo creates winners and losers   —    as any status quo would   —    free trade has long been an overall positive for American families . " The Republican electorate , however , seems to disagree . While many candidates in the GOP primary championed French ’s views of ideological " free trade , " those candidates were resoundingly rejected by voters . many candidates in the GOP primary 