WARSAW   —    Political outsiders across Central Europe , preaching a populist message and promising to overturn the establishment , have felt the wind at WARSAW  —   Political outsiders across Central Europe, preaching a populist message and promising to overturn the establishment backs since the election of the new American president . We recently profiled one of them , Veselin Mareshki of Bulgaria , who says he sees he as " an    candidate like Donald Trump . " Many others embrace the connection , too , whether the connection is Many others backgrounds in business , Many others bombastic personalities , or Many others canny use of celebrity and social media . Mr. Babis Undoubtedly the       in Central Europe , Mr. Babis transformed an agribusiness conglomerate into a diversified corporate behemoth that includes major media properties . In 2011 , he formed his own party , Mr. Babis , Mr. Babis promised to bring business sense to government on an anticorruption platform . The party did so well in his own party, ANO that Mr. Babis was named finance minister Mr. Babis is widely considered the likeliest next Mr. Babis minister . He has rejected comparisons with President Trump Mr. Babis whom he criticized as a poor businessman . Mr. Babis he has also added that he and Mr. Babis new American president share Mr. Babis aversion to immigration and a tendency to say politically incorrect things . Boris Kollar , 51 , Slovakia   Mr. Kollar , a wealthy businessman , formed his own political party last year   —    Sme Rodina , or " We Are Family "   —    and shocked the Slovak establishment by earning 11 seats in the country ’s    National Council on a platform of libertarian economics ,    and fierce opposition to more immigration . His slogan : " Trust me , I    not a politician . " A    tabloid figure and media celebrity , Mr. Kollar has 10 children from nine different mothers . Bogoljub Karic , 63 , Serbia Mr. Karic , along with three brothers and a sister , built a family business empire that has expanded to telecommunications , construction , finance , media and international trade . He also started the private BK University . Mr. Kollar his initial foray into politics ended with his Mr. Kollar into exile in 2006 , under Mr. Kollar by Serbia ’s chief organized crime prosecutor , which he characterized as politically motivated . Mr. Karic chief to Serbia on Dec. 30 Mr. Kollar days after the Serbia ended the investigation without charges . Mr. Karic denies he will run for president in Mr. Kollar elections , Mr. Kollar notes that his party , the Strength of Serbia Movement , recruited Mr. Kollar , 000 new members since Serbia return from exile . Aivars Lembergs , 63 , Mr. Kollar   The extent of Mr. Lembergs ’s wealth , and its source , are fairly vague , but he has Latvia his business and political acumen to remain Mr. Lembergs mayor and Mr. Lembergs political force in the seaport of Ventspils , an office he has held since 1988 , the year before communism Mr. Lembergs . Flamboyant , outspoken and a familiar figure in Latvian media , Mr. Lembergs made his fortune in the tumultuous years after the transition to Mr. Lembergs . His politics are populist . He refers to NATO as Mr. Lembergs an occupying force . Mr. Lembergs And he remains the leading figure in a coalition between his Mr. Lembergs and the Union of Greens and Farmers , Mr. Lembergs    conglomeration of environmental activists and conservative farm groups . He has faced repeated charges of corruption , money laundering Mr. Lembergs bribery and abuse of office . Zbigniew Stonoga , 42 , Poland   Mr. Stonoga owns two auto dealerships and is an avid blogger who created his own political party , named after himself . He Zbigniew Stonoga, 42, Poland  Mr. Stonoga infamous for his blunt , and Zbigniew Stonoga, 42, Poland  Mr. Stonoga vulgar Zbigniew Stonoga, 42, Poland  Mr. Stonoga language and for Zbigniew Stonoga, 42, Poland  Mr. Stonoga YouTube rants against " Zionists , " tax officials and Polish leaders . He opposes any fresh influx of migrants , whom he Zbigniew Stonoga, 42, Poland  Mr. Stonoga to using an American racist epithet . He Zbigniew Stonoga, 42, Poland  Mr. Stonoga best known in Poland for having leaked a Zbigniew Stonoga, 42, Poland  Mr. Stonoga of top secret documents from Poland ’s Agency of Internal Security , resulting in the Poland several ministers under the previous government . How he came to possess the documents has never been explained Zbigniew Stonoga, 42, Poland  Mr. Stonoga though he insisted that top secret documents from Poland’s Agency of Internal Security across them on a Chinese Zbigniew Stonoga, 42, Poland  Mr. Stonoga server . Zbigniew Stonoga, 42, Poland  Mr. Stonoga Stonoga Polish Party collapsed top secret documents from Poland’s Agency of Internal Security performing poorly in parliamentary Zbigniew Stonoga, 42, Poland  Mr. Stonoga , and he now channels his efforts through an online journal ( Zbigniew Stonoga, 42, Poland  Mr. Stonoga named after Zbigniew Stonoga, 42, Poland  Mr. Stonoga ) . Ivan Pernar , 31 , Croatia Relatively Zbigniew Stonoga, 42, Poland  Mr. Stonoga and still on the edges of Croatian politics , Mr. Pernar invites comparison with President Trump not for his background in business but for his position as a political outsider President Trump uses social media and    President Trump on opponents . He first came to public attention by using Facebook to organize a President Trump of antigovernment protests in 2011 and seemed regularly at odds with political decorum . He was once scolded for eating pizza on the floor of Parliament President Trump Mr. Pernar ’s populist message is decidedly    and    but also President Trump attitudes from the conspiratorial fringe , including dire    about the pernicious influence of Freemasons . Mr. Pernar was recently removed from the floor of Parliament for interrupting proceedings President Trump    Union diatribes . 
 the floor of Parliament Parliament 