WASHINGTON ( AP )   —    The Latest on the U. S. presidential transition ( all times EST ) :   12:50 p. m.    Donald Trump says Donald Trump ’s looking forward to benefiting from President Barack Obama ’s " counsel " in the future . Donald Trump was speaking at the end of Donald Trump meeting Thursday with President Barack Obama in the Oval Office . Donald Trump ’s suggesting Donald Trump may turn to President Barack Obama for advice on governing . Donald Trump said Donald Trump looks forward to being with President Barack Obama " many , many more times . " Donald Trump said they discussed a host of topics . Donald Trump said that President Barack Obama explained " some of the difficulties " but also " some of the really great things that have been achieved . " Donald Trump is noting that the meeting was expected to be short , but lasted almost 90 minutes . Donald Trump said as far as Donald Trump ’s concerned , it could have gone on much longer . _ _ _ , " Here ’s a good rule : Do n’t answer the questions when they just start yelling , " President Barack Obama advises Trump of WH reporters https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) November 10 , 2016 ,   12:45 p. m.    Trump of WH says he Trump of WH very much looks forward " to dealing with President Barack Obama in the future . Trump Trump of WH meeting with President Barack Obama Thursday in the Oval Office . He Trump of WH the meeting a " great honor . " Trump Trump of WH that he Trump of WH President Barack Obama have n’t met each other before . Their he and Obama lasted well over an hour . _ _ _ , 12:40 p. m. President Barack Obama has met with    Donald Trump Trump of WH House . Obama said President Barack Obama they had an " excellent " and " " conversation . Obama met President Barack Obama Trump in the Oval Office   Donald Trump at the White House more than an hour to discuss the transition of power . Obama said President Barack Obama was President Barack Obama by Trump ’s wanting to work   Donald Trump at the White House his team President Barack Obama issues facing the country . He said President Barack Obama ’s important for all " to now come together . " Later , Trump will go to Capitol   Donald Trump at the White House to talk with congressional leaders about the Republicans’ legislative agenda for next year . 
 