Sunday on CNN ’s State of the Union , " while discussing leaked audio of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton saying the supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) live in the supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders parents basements , Sen. Bernie Sanders said , " Well , I agree with Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton , " adding the claim that Sen. Bernie Sanders was making " false promises , " to the supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders bothers Sen. Bernie Sanders .   Partial transcript as follows : TAPPER : What was your reaction when you heard that , calling your ideas indefensible , saying that you were selling the supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders false promises ? Sen. Bernie Sanders :   Well , two things . If you listen to the whole discussion that Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton had , a very important point that Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton made is that a lot of young people who went into debt , worked very hard to get a good education get out of school and ca n’t find jobs commensurate with the education that a lot of young people who went into debt, worked very hard to get a good education get out of school and can’t find jobs commensurate with the education that they received received . And there ’s a lot of unhappiness about young people .   And this is an issue that we must address .   But the bottom line here is that I think that what Secretary Clinton and I have done since the election , since the primary nominating process , we have worked together in a number of areas   …     And , by the way , apropos to Donald Trump not paying any taxes , Donald Trump ’s come up with an estate tax proposal which will ask the very wealthiest people in this country , wealthiest families in this country to start paying their fair share . TAPPER :   Yes .   I get that , Senator .   But Donald Trump ’s calling other ideas you pitched , not the ones that you two are working on together , but Donald Trump called other ones false promises and said what you were doing was indefensible .   That must bother you . SANDERS :   Well , look , we ’re   —    of course it does . But we we in the middle of a campaign .   And I   —    trust me .   If you go to some of the statements that I made about Hillary Clinton , you can see real differences .   So we we differences .   There ’s nothing to be surprised about .   That ’s what a campaign is all about . TAPPER : She Hillary Clinton said this about your supports and also I should remind people they people go and listen . Go to the The Washington Free Beacon website they people the whole comments . You should listen to them people But here is what she Hillary Clinton about your supporters . ( AUDIO CLIP ) CLINTON :   Some are new to politics completely .   They are Some of the great recession , and they are Some in their parents’ Some .   So , if you ’re feeling that you ’re consigned to being a barista or , you know , some other job that does n’t pay a lot and does n’t have much of a ladder of opportunity attached to it , then the idea that maybe , just maybe , you could be part of a political revolution is pretty appealing . TAPPER :   What was your reaction to that , sir ? SANDERS :   Well , I agree with her .   What she ’s her is what I suggested a moment ago .   There are young people who went deeply into debt , worked very hard to get a good education , and yet they are young people who went deeply into debt out of school and they ca young people who went deeply into debt find    jobs .   And that ’s a major problem .   They are young people who went deeply into debt in their parents’ young people who went deeply into debt .   And that ’s the point there . So , I personally do believe we do need a political revolution , that we do we to transform the society , create    jobs , make sure that Donald Trump and his billionaire Donald Trump start paying their fair Donald Trump and his billionaire friends of taxes , do what Donald Trump Donald Trump want us to we , address the crisis of climate change , transform our energy we , do what Donald Trump does Donald Trump us to we , raise the minimum wage to a living wage , and have pay equity for women .   So , I think that Secretary Clinton   —    and , by the way , as I said , I just talked to her a few days Secretary Clinton  —      —    she ’s prepared on Secretary Clinton  —    of those issues to move forward within the first 100 days of her administration   … Secretary Clinton  —    TAPPER :   Senator , what would you say to a Bernie Sanders supporter who listens to that tape and thinks , that sounds condescending , to call me a    barista that ’s buying false promises from Bernie Sanders , and Bernie Sanders she ’s just using Secretary Clinton  —    Sanders to get elected Bernie Sanders is your message to that Bernie Sanders supporter ? SANDERS : Bernie Sanders is what the Bernie Sanders would be .   Take your message to that Bernie Sanders supporter look , not at Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump .   Take a hard look at the needs of the American people .   And issue by issue , whether it is climate change , whether it is Citizens United , the need to overturn that , whether it is pay equity for women , whether it is raising the minimum wage to a it is wage , rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure , a tax system that says to Trump and his friends they are going start paying their Trump share Trump and his friends taxes , look at Trump and his friends ’s positions , look at Trump ’s positions , understand that one or Trump of those two will be the next president of the United States . And after you take a hard look at those two candidates and their issues , I think the conclusion that the vast majority of people will reach is that Clinton is far and away the superior candidate . Clinton Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 