Donald Trump joined Great Faith Ministries International , an African American church located in Detroit , on Saturday where Donald Trump spoke to the community about the importance of faith helping to heal a divided nation . [ " For centuries , the African American church has been the conscience of our country , " Donald Trump told the congregation as Donald Trump spoke briefly during the service .   The Republican nominee said African American churches have " lifted up the soul of our nation " and led the civil rights movement . He The Republican nominee he The Republican nominee leaders to help heal the our nation providing " a greater platform to the black churches and church goers . " " I will always support your church   —    always   —    and defend your right to worship , " he The Republican nominee . " I hope my presence here will also help your voice to reach new audiences in our country and many of these audiences new audiences your spirit and your thought . " Dr. Ben Carson joined Trump at the church your church   Today , I just want to let you know the I am here to listen to you and I am doing that , " Trump promised , adding Trump as a leader he wants to " Trump into the community and learn what is going on . " " I ’m here today to learn so we can together remedy injustice in any form and so we can also remedy we so that the African American community can benefit economically thought jobs and income , " he added . " Trump believe we need a civil rights agenda for our time . " we said he wants Trump America Trump ensures a right for everyone to a great education and to live in safety and peace . Trump added that there are still " many wrongs that must be made right " in the African American community and that his prayer is that Trump the America of tomorrow will America one of unity . " Prior to his brief remarks , Trump took photos with Trump goers , holding a baby . The Republican nominee quoted the Bible during his speech , reading The Republican nominee " No one has ever seen God , but if we love one another God lives in us and his love we made another God in us . " " we that ’s so true , " he added . Bishop another God T. Jackson and his wife gave Trump Wayne T. Jackson prayer shawl from Israel that Jackson had personally fasted Wayne T. Jackson prayed over , wrapping it around Trump . a prayer shawl from Israel With Trump prayer shawl , a prayer shawl from Israel flying in from coast to coast    …      there is an anointing is the power of God , " Jackson explained . Jackson Wayne T. Jackson gave Trump Wayne T. Jackson Bible and Trump wear for prayer and protection . Trump put the pin on his Trump and said , a Bible and a pin to wear for prayer and protection feel better already . " Jackson interviewed the Republican Wayne T. Jackson for roughly half an hour , which will be aired in a week on the Impact Network , an African American owned and operated Christian broadcast network . 
 