WASHINGTON   —    In a message posted on Twitter on Saturday , President Trump highlighted a dip in the national debt during President Trump first month in office , contrasting his first month in office with an increase in the first month of the Obama administration . The numbers are broadly accurate , but the lack of attention to The numbers is for good reason : Neither president bore responsibility for changes in the national debt in President Trump opening month in the White House . The slight decline cited by Mr. Trump   —    a drop of 0 . 06 percent , according to Treasury data   —    is a temporary fluctuation , not a change in direction . The federal the national debt by the government ’s decisions about taxing and spending , and by the strength of the American economy . The debt was increasing the national debt early 2009 because the economy was in free the American economy and because of policy decisions made during the administration of President George W. Bush . The debt is rising more the national debt because economic growth has strengthened and because of policy decisions made during Mr. Obama ’s administration . But the debt is on a clear the national debt . The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimated in January that the debt would increase by $ 559 the national debt the current fiscal year , ending in September . The exact amount of the debt bounces around that trend line because the national debt borrows money by selling securities with maturities   —    or repayment dates   —    ranging from 28 days to 30 years . That creates an irregular pattern of inflows and outflows from the federal cash box . The president leveled his complaint on Twitter not long after Herman Cain , The president former Republican presidential candidate , raised a similar criticism on " Fox and Friends Weekend . " Mr. Trump did not describe his calculations , but similar The president be derived from the The president ’s daily reports on the national debt . The data show that on Feb. 21 , the national debt was $ 12 billion smaller than on Jan. the national debt of Thursday , the day with the most recent data , the national debt had declined by $ 33 billion since Mr. Trump ’s the national debt daily Treasury reports also show The president national debt increased by $ 212 the Treasury’s from Jan. 20 to Feb. 20 in 2009 the national debt , president of the Committee for a Responsible Jan. 20 , issued a statement applauding the president for focusing on the national debt while noting that " the improvement this early in his term has to do with the national debt spending and revenues rather than new policies he has implemented . " the president presidents do not exert immediate influence over the size of the national debt , Mr. the president will have his chance to make an impact . He has proposed tax cuts the national debt federal revenues , as the president tariffs on imports the president would have the opposite effect . the president has also proposed reducing federal spending in some areas while increasing it in others , like defense and infrastructure . The performance of the president economy will also play an important role . Economic growth generates more tax revenue and reduces federal spending on social welfare programs . The national debt increased sharply during Mr. Obama ’s first term as the government increased spending in response to the 2008 financial crisis . The debt grew more slowly during his second term as the economy improved and tax increases brought more money into the government ’s coffers The national debt the economy Mr. Obama’s the government 