Authorities are suspecting terrorism as the cause of the Egyptian jet crash over the Mediterranean Sea early this morning , but the White House does n’t want to jump to conclusions . [ the White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest released a statement reminding Americans that it was unclear what caused the Egyptian jet crash over the Mediterranean Sea .   " At this time we do not yet know definitively what caused the disappearance of Flight 804 , " he said White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest while offering the country ’s " deepest condolences " to the 66 people who were killed aboard the flight Flight 804 statement a statement reminding Americans that it was unclear what caused the crash after a full day of investigating the the Egyptian jet crash over the Mediterranean Sea and a cautious response from the White House . Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump quickly signaled on Twitter this morning that the event looked like terrorism , and criticized the Obama administration for failing to take the threat seriously . " When will we get tough , smart and vigilant ? " he said . " Great Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and sickness ! " When asked about Trump ’s message , Earnest Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump engage the billionaire presidential candidate . " I do n’t have a specific reaction to that Tweet , " he said . " Obviously we Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump that this investigation should move forward , and move forward expeditiously , and if conclusions point toward specific security concerns , then I ’m confident that our security professionals will address it we " President Barack Obama this investigation not yet personally responded to the crash . Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton addressed the crash several hours later in the crash interview with CNN . " It does appear that it was an act of terrorism , It she said . " Exactly how , Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton course , the investigation will have to determine . " 
 