A Monmouth poll out of Florida released Monday shows that Donald Trump ’s lead in Florida has shrunk to just + 8 points . Taken between March 3   —    6 , 38 % of 403 likely Republican presidential primary voters chose Donald Trump . Florida Senator Marco Rubio earned 30 % . Ted Cruz and John Kasich came in third and fourth with 17 % and 10 % receptively .   Of those who have already voted , Rubio Florida Senator Marco Rubio leads Trump Donald Trump % to 23 % . Of those who have not yet voted , Trump Donald Trump 42 % to 26 % . In a       Trump edges Rubio Florida Senator Marco Rubio % to 45 % . Trump Donald Trump beat Cruz in the Sunshine State 48 % to 40 % . Although , Trump Donald Trump in this poll , there is good news for Rubio Florida Senator Marco Rubio First off , he Donald Trump banked much of his Donald Trump in early voting . Secondly , the trend is with him Donald Trump Just two weeks ago , albeit in different polls , Trump Donald Trump was + 20 points . Finally , Trump has Donald Trump losing late deciders in most of these states . One caveat , though , is that Florida voters already know Marco Rubio . Best of all , Rubio has Marco Rubio week and one more debate ahead of him . Marco Rubio is forever in politics . On Trump ’s Donald Trump is a substantial + 8 point lead and the fact that 67 % of his voters Marco Rubio locked in , compared to 55 % for Rubio and Marco Rubio % for Cruz . There is also the Cruz Factor in Florida . The Texas Marco Rubio a legitimate surge in popularity and that might translate to Florida ( and take Florida from Rubio ) . His Marco Rubio PAC is Marco Rubio running ads against Rubio and claims to Marco Rubio opening around ten offices . In general , when you consider this poll ( although it is only 1 ) along with the election results from this past weekend , Trump does appear to be taking on water . He has had a Trump 10 days , much of it   . It a terrible 10 days started when he flubbed a question Trump David Duke and ran straight through to a debate performance so terrible it might be remembered as a devastating turning point that occurred just when The Donald should have been sailing to the nomination . Imagine how dull politics in this country would be without Florida .    Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                  
 