During an appearance with Fox News ’s Sean Hannity in Las Vegas Monday night , Donald Trump said that Donald Trump administration would prosecute Hillary Clinton . Video and transcript below :    —     —     Sean Hannity : We were talking during the break about Hillary Clinton . If you win you ’ll have an Attorney General . The statute of limitations will not have passed . Trump : Six years , actually . Well , look , you have no choice . We have to solve all sorts of problems . In fairness , you have to look into [ Hillary Hillary Clinton . Maybe she Hillary Clinton prove her Hillary Clinton , but it just seems to me that , I think the public knows everything that they the public going to know . The emails have come out . She Hillary Clinton to be guilty , but you know what , I would n’t even say that .   But certainly it has to be looked at .    …      If I win , certainly I will look at that as being fair to everyone else . [ This is ] so unfair to the people that have been prosecuted over the years for doing much less than she Hillary Clinton . So she Hillary Clinton being protected but if I I win it is certainly something I will look into . The Washington Examiner adds : Hannity asked if Clinton might be running to help ensure that a Republican does n’t prosecute her for Clinton she allowed Clinton information to be routinely sent around on her    Clinton , and Trump agreed that Clinton is Clinton the race of her life Clinton that very reason . " So she ’s Clinton protected , but if I win , certainly it ’s something we ’re going to look at , " he said Trump The    candidate criticized how the government has gone after other leaders like former CIA Director David Petraeus for lesser crimes , but has not followed suit against Clinton . The politics here are genius . By making this very careful statement , Trump keeps the looming possibility of Hillary Clinton Clinton alive . Even if the Obama administration gives her a pass Trump as we all expect , Trump can drive Trump DC Media insane by keeping the indictment threat alive through the end of the general election . Hillary ’s media Clinton be desperate to put this entire issue to bed after the Obama administration the Obama administration . Clinton is not Trump to allow that to happen , The idea of the Clintons finally facing justice for their sins will also keep the Clintons base excited . Once again , Trump is violating Trump of the DC Media ’s rules that are set up to elect Democrats . Like Bill and Hillary ’s sordid past with all of these women , Trump goes there Trump goes there and goes there .    Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                
 