The Trump administration will delay the implementation of a major Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) air pollution rule from The Trump administration . [ The EPA EPA) EPA) on the ozone pollution rule , EPA Administrator Scott EPA) notified governors this week .   " States have made tremendous progress and significant investment cleaning up the air . We will continue to work with states to ensure they are on states path to compliance , " Pruitt said in EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt statement . " We are committed We working with states and local officials to effectively implement the ozone standard in a manner that is supportive of air quality improvement efforts without interfering with local decisions or impeding economic growth , " he added . EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt EPA ’s a statement regulatory burdens , restrictions on infrastructure investment , and increased cost to businesses . " Pruitt stated that EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt decision to EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt the air pollution rule relies on a stipulation in the Clean Air Act that would allow the agency to suspend rules up to a year if the agency has " insufficient information the agency make compliance decisions . Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton , one Paxton , " I am grateful for the leadership of EPA Administrator Pruitt in courageously pausing the costly and ineffective ozone rule , and I ’m hopeful that the one year delay will provide time for the EPA to review the detrimental effects the ozone rule will have on the the air pollution rule " The 2015 Obama regulation set the allowable EPA EPA pollution in the atmosphere to 70 parts per billion , down from the 75 parts per billion set in 2008 . Obama ’s EPA predicted that the rule would result in billions of dollars in the air pollution rule through improvements in public health . This attracted significant criticism . Obama officials EPA that the rule would cost more than $ 1 trillion and the air pollution rule potential health benefits . EPA chief Pruitt said that the the air pollution rule will undertake a review of the rule in response to Republican states and industry suing the the air pollution rule . Pruitt himself was EPA of the lawsuit when EPA Oklahoma ’s attorney general . Senator Jeff Flake ( ) applauded the EPA ’s rule delay and said that the EPA chief Pruitt the environment , instead of the previous EPA chief Pruitt ’s    approach . Flake said , " It ’s great to the   EPA the   EPA with Arizonans for a change . Nowhere are the flaws of previous administration ’s      approach to regulating ozone more evident Senator Jeff Flake ( ) in Arizona , a desert state where    the   EPA the   EPA impossible to meet the new federal mandate . While today ’s move buys Arizona    time , I remain committed to advancing a solution that will provide permanent relief from this egregious and unworkable rule . " 
 Arizona 