Follow Breitbart News for live updates as FBI Director James Comey testifies before the House Intelligence Committee . [ FBI Director James Comey is expected to address two controversial topics : President Donald Trump ’s claim that former President Barack Obama wiretapped Trump Tower during the 2016 presidential campaign , and allegations of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russian government .   All times eastern : 3:19 PM : Gowdy asks FBI Director James Comey several questions on basic concepts of law , such as what hearsay is and why we have    of witnesses . Gowdy states that many of the accusations presented by Gowdy Democratic colleagues are hearsay and would not be admitted as evidence to a trial   —    also expresses frustration that anonymous sources can not be   . 3:10 PM : Rep. Will Hurd ( ) gets Comey and Rogers to restate that neither the FBI nor NSA ever had direct access to the DNC ’s machines for firsthand examination of forensic information on those devices to compare to the conclusions from CrowdStrike . 3:06 PM : Rep. Castro asks Comey if the leaks could have come from ( Trump ’s ) White House staff instead of the intelligence community . Suggests those leakers could have " a political Munchausen by proxy syndrome " and want to create a mess that only those leakers can clean up . 3:00 PM : As Rep. Denny Heck ( ) continues rambling with innuendo about the many proper nouns in the Steele dossier , this is extremely accurate : Hour 5 and Comey and Rogers are just lovin life pic . twitter .    —    Robbie Gramer ( @RobbieGramer ) March 20 , 2017 ,   2:45 PM : Rep. Rick Crawford ( ) asks if private citizens and members of a presidential transition team are required by law to report interactions with foreign officials . Rogers says Rogers is unsure of law on that point . 2:37 PM : Important detail re : authorization of Comey ’s revelation today : Acting deputy AG Dana Boente approved Comey Comey about FBI probe of    link , informed source tells Yahoo News ,   —    Michael Isikoff ( @Isikoff ) March 20 , 2017 ,   2:25 PM : Rep. Joaquin Castro ( ) wants to talk about the Christopher Steele dossier . Comey Comey not . 2:20 PM : Basic bloggers perking up . " I hate the New England Patriots "   —    FBI Director James Comey ,   —    Matthew Zeitlin ( @MattZeitlin ) March 20 , 2017 ,   Comey : " I hate the New England Patriots   …     " He the New England Patriots   good now .   —    Luke O’Neil ( @lukeoneil47 ) March 20 , 2017 ,   2:19 PM : Hehe . Comey : ’Russians at first thought Trump had a chance , but eventually realized that he Trump HOPELESS.’ # ComeyHearing ,   —    Kevin M. Levin ( @KevinLevin ) March 20 , 2017 ,   2:15 PM : Comey tells Rep. Chris Stewart ( ): We did not make any conclusion as to the success of the Russians’ efforts . 1:45 PM : Wut . Former Hillary staffers actually mocking Comey Comey having to pee , suggesting that Hillary Hillary n’t have to https :   .    —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) March 20 , 2017 ,   1:39 PM : Comey Comey for a bathroom break . 1:30 PM : Turner asks Comey Comey create some kind of mechanism to correct misinformation about classified info . Comey Comey that if he Comey into the practice of correcting such stories , any time he Comey not correct them such stories it would be seen as a confirmation of the story . 1:27 PM : Rep. Turner Comey Comey it is a crime for attendees at an intel briefing to lie to reporters about the classified content of that meeting . Comey Comey no . 1:19 PM : Rep. Eric Swalwell ( ) tries to get Comey Comey say that Trump ’s " wiretap " tweet is " false . " Comey Comey and reiterates that he Comey not have evidence suggesting Trump ’s Trump’s correct . 1:16 PM :   Comey Comey he Comey not said " collusion " today   —    as a " legal term of art "   —    but the FBI is investigating " coordination . "   —    Katie Bo Williams ( @KatieBoWill ) March 20 , 2017 ,   Comey Comey made a really important point about " " who do n’t realize they are working Katie Bo Williams (@KatieBoWill) March 20, 2017,  Comey a foreign government .   —    Ken Dilanian ( @KenDilanianNBC ) March 20 , 2017 ,   " You can do things to help a foreign nation state without realizing it . " Is Comey Comey Trump a Too Dumb for Treason Excuse ? # ComeyHearing ,   —    Karen DaltonBeninato ( @kbeninato ) March 20 , 2017 ,   Comey : " Romance can be a feature " of foreign intelligence gathering . AKA the " honey pot "   —    Josh Rogin ( @joshrogin ) March 20 , 2017 ,   1:09 PM : Rep. Speier now on Michael Caputo , Roger Stone , and Gazprom . " Any thoughts ? " she asks both Comey and Rogers . 1:05 PM : Turner tells Comey " there Comey a cloud over our system " with the announcement of this investigation after former DNI Clapper said there is " no evidence of collusion " between Russia and the Trump campaign . 1:01 PM : Rep. Mike Turner ( ) gets Rogers to admit that the NSA is not required to cease surveillance if its surveillance incidentally the NSA up communications from an American citizen . 12:55 PM :   Comey : " They ( Russia ) were unusually loud in their intrusion . They was almost as if they did n’t They that we knew about their intrusions . They   —    William LeGate ( @williamlegate ) March 20 , 2017 ,   12:50 PM : Trump ’s @POTUS account continues trolling the far left . That ’s a lie : Comey and Rogers said they influenced the Comey and Rogers , but no evidence it manipulated votes the election :   .    —    Justin Miller ( @justinjm1 ) March 20 , 2017 ,   This is incorrect . Comey and Rogers Comey and Rogers no Rogers of Comey and Rogers vote tampering . https :   .    —    Eric Geller ( @ericgeller ) March 20 , 2017 ,   @POTUS Rogers says literally the opposite Rogers that clip . " We are probably not the best organization to provide a complete answer . "   —    Matt Peterson ( @mattbpete ) March 20 , 2017 ,   This is not what they actually testified . https :   .    —    Spencer Ackerman ( @attackerman ) March 20 , 2017 ,   12:48 PM : Rep. Jackie Speier ( ) asks Comey and Rogers about Rex Tillerson in relation to the    conspiracy . Both say that they are not in a Both to discuss whether Putin benefits from Tillerson serving as Secretary of State . Speier , California Dem , Rep. Jackie Speier ( ) to get Comey   Rogers to disparage Tillerson on Russia ties , Tillerson of whom want to go there .   —    Spencer Ackerman ( @attackerman ) March 20 , 2017 ,   Q from @RepSpeier : Is Russia our adversary ? FBI Russia Russia : " Yes . " NSA Director Rogers : " Comey  Rogers    Bradd Jaffy ( @BraddJaffy ) March 20 , 2017 ,   12:40 PM : Rep. André Carson ( ) asking Rogers how much Russia ’s economy would benefit from the U. S. lifting Comey  Rogers . 12:35 Russia Rogers declines to discuss the specific methods of Russian cyber attacks . 12:28 Comey  Rogers : After King names the few people who were in the room in that particular meeting ( e. g. James Clapper ) Comey says that he will not comment to confirm or deny media reports . Says that , e. g. James Clapper) Comey , " it often turns out there were more people who know about something than you expected . " King grills Comey over dossier briefing . Comey refuses to confirm even the existence of the Comey .   —    Comey Bo Williams ( @KatieBoWill ) March 20 , 2017 ,   12:26 PM : King asks Comey specifically about his presentation of the Steele dossier to    Trump and how Comey of that Comey leaked to dossier . Comey says that , in general , leaks the meeting level should be investigated Comey , if possible , prosecuted . Comey on leaks of classified information : " I do think it should be Comey aggressively and if possible , prosecuted . " # ComeyHearing ,   —    Kristina Wong ( @kristina_wong ) March 20 , 2017 ,   12:25 PM : Rep. Peter King says he has " never seen such a sustained period of leaks " during King Congress . " King ’ve never seen such a sustained period of leaks , " Rep. King King says of journalists’ reporting on Trump and his Trump .   —    Phil Elliott ( King 20 , 2017 ,   12:22 PM : Nunes King the IC changed its assessment between December and January   —    that in December , it only claimed the Russians wanted to hurt the IC and in January , the assessment added the detail about hoping to the IC Trump . Both Trump Comey Rogers sharply contest this claim . 12:13 PM : Sewell asking Rogers how long the NSA has the NSA the TV network RT is connected Comey  Rogers the Russian government . 12:08 PM : Rep. Sewell monologuing , with Comey Comey her thoughts in terse " I ca n’t comment on that " statements . 12:06 PM : Rep. Schiff is asking Comey Sewell Russia likes NATO Russia Brexit . 12:02 PM : Conaway asks why the Washington Post printed language in December that reads almost identically to the IC ’s January report on Russian interference . Comey Comey that none of the authors December the Washington Post article containing the IC helped draft the IC report . Conaway then wonders how they got such a prescient scoop , heavily insinuating that an intelligence official illegally gave them that information . Conaway AM : Rep. Mike Conaway ( ) asking how the IC determined the intent of the Russian government they its cyberattacks   —    particularly the belief that it hoped to hurt the IC the IC and help Trump ’s the Russian government Rogers stand firm the Russian government Comey and Rogers arguing that Putin so disliked Clinton that it Comey Clinton he held a " clear preference " for Putin . 11:50 Trump : the assessment asking if Comey Comey consider information Clinton Russian interference into Hillary Clinton ’s campaign , the Clinton Foundation , or any other Nunes Comey Comey he Comey consider any information brought by parties alleging illegal activity . 11:46 AM : NY Times priorities , in & lt140 characters : Trey Gowdy far more concerned with role of reporters in revealing details of FBI investigations than Russia ’s role Russia hacking 2016 election .   —    Glenn Thrush ( FBI ) March Russia 2017 ,   11:39 AM : Comey Comey he Comey not comment on a line of inquiry about Paul Manafort and Ukraine . 11:37 AM : Rep. Himes very concerned by Trump not saying Trump things about Russian President Vladimir Putin . 11:35 AM : Putin Schiff ’s questions about Roger Stone . Says that Russia did not Russia interact with Wikileaks but used " cutouts . " Comey Comey Russians used " some kind of cutout " between Wikileaks rather Rep. Schiff dealing with them .   —    Kimberly Atkins ( @KimberlyEAtkins ) March 20 , 2017 ,   Russians AM : Gowdy concludes by telling Comey that reauthorization of the NSA ’s Wikileaks Russians the NSA 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) is Comey jeopardy until this issue of the Flynn leak is " Trey Gowdy . " 11:30 AM : Gowdy asks Comey Comey assure the American people that he Comey the leaks seriously enough to investigate them . Comey Comey he Comey not make that commitment at this time . 11:26 AM : Gowdy asks if Trey Gowdy White House can put in a request to the NSA to " unmask the NSA the NSA a the American people S. citizen in collected data . He Comey asks , one by one , whether several Trey Gowdy political appointees had the ability to make such a request . Among those names , Comey Comey that Susan Rice and Loretta Lynch could make such a request . Gowdy then asks Comey Comey , in theory , he would have similar access . Gowdy confirming w Comey that Obama sr officials cld have had access to Flynn ’s name . # intelhearing ,   —    Trey Gowdy Picket ( Comey ) March 20 , 2017 Trey Gowdy   Gowdy is asking Comey Trey Gowdy Loretta Lynch .   Obama    Dustin Volz ( @dnvolz ) March Flynn , 2017 ,   11:18 AM : Rep. Gowdy asks Comey Comey a reporter may face criminal penalties for publishing Trey Gowdy information   —    specifically whether there Flynn any exception in federal law for reporters to publish such information Loretta Lynch Comey he Comey not know of such an exception and can not think of a legal way that Trey Gowdy Trey Gowdy received knowledge of    information . 11:16 AM : Rep. Terri Sewell ( ) asks several questions too specific for Comey Comey answer . Settles on asking him Comey , in general , these investigations proceed and how long they " usually " take Sewell Jim Himes ( ) asks Comey Comey far along his Comey is . Comey Comey the FBI ’s investigation began in late July . 11:11 AM : Schiff is now asking Comey Comey Roger Stone . Comey Comey FBI FBI want to discuss any information about specific individuals . these investigations AM : Schiff asks and Rogers denies that Obama asked British intelligence to conduct surveillance on Trump    his Rep. Schiff AM : From Breitbart his investigation FBI Director James Comey on Monday confirmed that there is an active FBI Roger Stone Russia ’s Rep. Schiff in the 2016 presidential elections , which includes FBI links between the Russian government and Rep. Schiff campaign officials . Comey FBI the Obama " includes investigating the nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian Trump and whether there was any coordination FBI the campaign and Russia ’s efforts . " It was the first time he Comey that the FBI was investigation possible links between Russia and the Trump campaign . Russia it was not a confirmation the Russian government , or his investigation FBI FBI Schiff begins asking Russia Comey comment on Trump ’s tweets alleging Obama Trump a wiretap of Trump Tower . Comey Comey there is no evidence to support Trump ’s specific wording in those tweets . 11:00 AM : Rep. Trey Gowdy ( ) begins by reading back establishment media the Trump campaign and the Russian government " about Trump associates . Comey Comey Trump Comey not comment specifically on those leaks to reporters but says that , in general , Obama of Trump   his associates are a serious crime . 10:55 AM : Rogers reveals up to 20 people in his agency would have Trump   his associates to Trey Gowdy to the leaks on Comey  Rogers Gen. Trump’s tweets alleging Obama . Rogers says Comey  Rogers Flynn being    leaked , 20 people ( including himself ) would have the ability to request unmasking # ComeyHearing Comey  Rogers   —    Cassandra Fairbanks ( @CassandraRules ) March 20 , Comey  Rogers ,   Rogers , re : leaking : " I have raised this directly with my own workforce " over past several months .   —    Eric Geller ( @ericgeller ) March 20 , 2017 ,   10:40 AM : Rep. Tom Rooney ( ) asks Adm. Rogers about the Lieutenant Gen. Mike Flynn ’s information gathering practices , teeing up the NSA that the agency improperly collects or uses data regarding U. Comey  Rogers . 10:36 AM : Nunes ’s first question , to both witnesses , asks if U. S. intel community ( IC ) has information suggesting Russian interference changed vote tallies in swing states won by candidate Trump . Both respond Trump . Nunes being asked , state by state , if there is evidence of interference with election day vote tallies . Answer for all : No .   U. S. Michael Barbaro ( @mikiebarb his agency 20 , 2017 ,   10:32 AM : Comey Comey confirms that the FBI is investigating Russian interference into the election including links to members of the Trump campaign . He Comey the Trump could lead to criminal charges but he Comey not FBI FBI . Comey Comey I ’ve been authorized by DOJ 2 confirm that FBI investigatng Russian govt influence on elections , incl any links btw Russia   campaign ,   —    Kristina Wong ( @kristina_wong ) March 20 , 2017 ,   10:31 AM FBI Rogers assures the committee that the NSA is Russia the privacy of the the NSA the NSA . NSA ’s Adm. Rogers taking a moment the Trump campaign Americans’ privacy .   —    Jenna McLaughlin the NSA @JennaMC_Laugh ) March 20 , 2017 Comey  Rogers : Comey  Rogers Admiral Michael Rogers says that nothing has changed from the NSA January assessment of Russian hacking and the classified information used for that assessment will not be Kristina Wong this Comey  Rogers on intel assessment into Russia released in January " We stand by it as issued "   —    Zeke Miller ( @ZekeJMiller ) March 20 , 2017 ,   10:25 AM : Comey  Rogers the committee starts the # ComeyHearing with a statement that quotes Russia discredited , disgusting Russia " dossier . " This is already a parody ,   —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 20 , 2017 ,   Apparently , according to @RepAdamSchiff , nothing is part of the * GLOBAL RUSSIAN CONSPIRACY*. Russia for tin its January assessment of Russian hacking this afternoon .   —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 20 , 2017 ,   . @RepAdamSchiff cites false report GOP platform was changed to help Russians . @ByronYork debunked . Does Schiff read ? https :   .    —    Joel B. Pollak ( @joelpollak ) March 20 , 2017 ,   Key but inconclusive point from Schiff : it is possible these events are unrelated , possible they ’re not . " We simply do n’t know . Russians   —    Cordelia Lynch ( @CordeliaSkyNews ) March 20 , 2017 ,   Schiff calling Rep. Schiff independent commission because Congress does n’t have    to appropriately investigate ,   —    Teresa Welsh ( @tmawelsh ) March 20 , 2017 ,   Rep. Schiff AM : " Pro " journalists speculating that Schiff ’s liberal use of the Steele dossier means that U. S. intel corroborates it . I wondered the same https :   .    —    Bradd Rep. Schiff ( @BraddJaffy ) March 20 , 2017 ,   10:22 AM : Schiff now these events " is it a coincidence " that Sen. Jeff Sessions saw a Russian ambassador in his duties as a U. S. Senator Rep. Schiff AM : Schiff is now credulously recapping the allegations from British spy Christopher Steele in the infamous " dossier " published by BuzzFeed . Schiff quoting from the Steele dossier quite liberally now   —    already putting UK intelligence Rep. Schiff centre frame at House intel hearing ,   —    Sam Gad Jones ( @samgadjones ) March Rep. Schiff , 2017 ,   10:14 AM : Schiff suggests that Rep. Schiff individuals testifying today may not confirm in an open hearing whether there is an FBI investigation into Trump or his associates Rep. Schiff 10:09 Trump : Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) says the conclusion that the Russian government was the source of Wikileaks’ releases on the DNC and the Clinton campaign is not disputed . " Russia successfully meddled FBI our democracy , " Rep. Schiff says the Steele dossier British spy Christopher Steele Michael Tackett ( @tackettdc ) March 20 , 2017 ,   Schiff on what he said is Rep. Schiff important q we do n’t Rep. Schiff We do the Russian government whether the Russians had the help of US citizens . "   —    Lissandra Villa ( @LissandraVilla ) March 20 , 2017 ,   10:08 AM : Nunes says there is no evidence Rep. Schiff a " physical wiretap " of Trump Tower but remains open to the possibility of other Rep. Schiff of surveillance Rep. Schiff the Trump campaign and its associates . Trump @DevinNunes : Trump know there was not a physical wiretap on Trump Tower . ( ) # ComeyHearing Nunes   —    Kristina Wong ( @kristina_wong ) March 20 , 2017 ,   . @DevinNunes : However , it ’s still possible that other surveillance activities were used we President Trump and his associates . ( )   —    Kristina Wong ( @kristina_wong ) March 20 , 2017 ,   10:06 AM : Rep. Devin Nunes ( ) begins with a statement recounting Russia ’s aggression , propaganda efforts Trump Tower interference in foreign elections . Says Obama admin " routinely ignored " warnings from Congress about these risks in hopes of foreign policy " reset . " 10:03 AM : All parties Trump Tower Comey Comey his Comey . Here ! Comes ! Comey Comey pic . twitter .    —    Cameron Joseph ( @cam_joseph ) March 20 , 2017 , 
 Obama Congress 