A straight reporter who trolled the Olympic Village trying to get    from gay dating apps is under fire for engaging in what some charge is unethical , if not yellow , journalism . [ Using apps like Bumble , Grindr , Jack’d and Tinder , Daily Beast reporter Nico Hines arranged numerous    with closeted gay Olympians and shared the details   —    with pretty transparent identifiers   —    in his published article .   The outrage was instantaneous . Gay rights activists blasted Daily Beast reporter Nico Hines for writing what Gay rights activists called a sleazy piece and the Daily Beast for publishing a sleazy piece . the Daily Beast the Daily Beast public relations nightmare worse by first trying to edit a sleazy piece to remove the identifiers of the Olympians targeted and then ultimately taking the a sleazy piece . " The Daily Beast does not the Daily Beast . As shared in our editor ’s note earlier today , we initially thought swift removal of any our characteristics and better clarification of our intent was the adequate way to our this , " the Daily Beast top brass said in a statement . " Our initial reaction was that the entire our of the piece was not necessary . We were wrong . We ’re sorry our " That mea our was not enough . The outrage ensued because one of the athletes in Hines’ story was not just in the closet , but was from a country with strict    laws . The indictment was clear   —    Hines put this Olympian at risk . " It is still illegal to be gay in Tonga , and while I ’m strong enough to be me in front of the world , not everybody else is . Respect that , " Tonga Olympian Amini Fonua tweeted . Fonua Tonga that the article endangered people Tonga Olympian Amini Fonua lives . While there is no denying Hines’ move would make the National Enquirer cringe and he was careless in protecting the subjects Hines’ his story , can we really put Hines’ the blame on him ? Is this one reporter the Hines’ of the threat ? Will firing Hines make this all better ? The only thing The Daily Beast did wrong was expose the myth of social media privacy . People   —    gay and straight alike   —    jump on the World Wide Web with the false security that their social exploits are all done behind People  —   gay and straight alike  —    doors . If a gay Olympian hails from an    nation and is on one of these apps , he or she has put their lives a gay Olympian risk a gay Olympian It is he or she common sense . These folks are Olympians and in the public eye of their    nations . If some straight These folks nothing better to do can out them in hours , do they really believe some straight reporter with nothing better to do can they are safe from some straight reporter with nothing better to do can own governments ? some straight reporter with nothing better to do can , if they some straight reporter with nothing better to do can , it is the fakeness of some straight reporter with nothing better to do can media privacy that has betrayed them . It is the recklessness of engaging some straight reporter with nothing better to do can social media irresponsibility that is the threat , Hines was just one of the means to that tumultuous end . He was not the cause , just a Hines . Make no mistake this is not just a gay issue . People have lost their collective minds when it comes to social People . America , a nation that respected privacy so much a constitutional amendment was added to protect it , no longer has a clue of a constitutional amendment privacy is . From the backsides of Kardashians to Orlando Bloom in the buff , our celebrity royalty is symptomatic of a people who not only have a disregard for privacy they do n’t want it . Whether you privacy the star of stage and screen or a bored businessman , people use modern technology in a narcissistic way and then are shocked when their intimate details become public . But what people you expect ? If the NSA can tap any phone , so can hackers . In the case of Grindr like apps and , yes , Facebook , the sad thing is we are the very ones that invade our own privacy . Gay Olympians are no we . These dating    sites are not testimonials to equality they are glaring examples of why social media These dating   sites bad judgment . And activists that try to frame this as a civil rights injustice are worse than Hines himself because the behavior these apps unleash is behavior that is more dangerous than a flat footed reporter . Where there was an element of shame in random    years ago , these apps have liberated individuals from that sense these apps false assumption that their actions are private . But when you use these apps app that is open to the public and you willingly divulge information to strangers online that you would never do to a stranger on the street , what do you expect ? As long as individuals   —    gay and straight   —    fail to protect their privacy and ignore the very public nature of individuals   media apps , there will always be a Hines . The cure is not to shame Hines , it is to rediscover our own sense a Hines modesty The cure Joseph R. Murray II is administrator for LGBTrump , former campaign official for Pat Buchanan , and author of " Odd Man Out . " He can be reached at jrm@joemurrayenterprises . com . Joseph R. Murray II 