On " Fox News Sunday , " one of the Fox News debate moderator Chris Wallace , asked Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump whether he Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump snubbed " the voters of Iowa when he Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump last week ’s Fox Fox News presidential debate .   Partial transcript as follows : WALLACE : Chris Wallace , 29 percent of people in the polls say they disapprove people in the polls your decision to skip the debate . What do you want to say to voters in these final hours before the caucuses , who may feel that you snubbed them by voters showing up at the one debate to be held here in Iowa ? TRUMP : Well , you know , you love FOX and so do I and I get along great and I have a great respect for Roger Ailes . But what happened is they put voters a press release that was very nasty and was taunting . And it was not appropriate   —    WALLACE : Wait , wait , wait , wait , wait . I do n’t   —    I   —    TRUMP :   —    anyways . WALLACE :   —    I do n’t want to get it   —    I do n’t want to get into that . I ’m just saying , what do you want to say to voters who feel that you snubbed them ? TRUMP : TRUMP , I   —    what I ’m saying ’m you have to stick up for your rights . And in the meantime , I raised $ 6 million for the veterans , which is very important . And you have to stick up for your rights your rights ca n’t let people do that to you . TRUMP just like if I were running the country , I ’d stick up for our country . the country ca n’t let people do that . And frankly , I had a very successful evening . We had a tremendous overflow crowd and we raised , in We hour , Chris , which I think you ’re very happy about , for the vets , we raised $ 6 We . So , I was very happy about that . It was a great thing . It was a great It and we ’ll   — We we ’ll do it We some time It Chris . WALLACE : Chris . Ted Cruz , who I suspect you ’re familiar with , says the real reason that you skipped the debate is because you want to hide your liberal record from voters . Here ’s Mr. Cruz . ( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP ) SEN . TED CRUZ ( ) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE : He does n’t want TED CRUZ ( ) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE debate cronyism because Donald supported President Obama ’s TARP bailout of the big Wall Street banks . Donald supported President Obama Donald stimulus plan . And if you ca n’t debate the issues , the only thing you have left to do is toss insults . ( END VIDEO CLIP ) WALLACE : Senator Cruz says , TED CRUZ ( ) PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE , that you ’re trying to hide your support for the bailout and the stimulus , you ’re trying to hide your record from voters . TRUMP : Chris , I Mr. Trump not trying to hide anything . I was a businessman . I had many different feelings about many different things . And , by the way , in business , as you know , you have flexibility . You can do many things many different ways . What I am very sure of is that Senator Cruz has hid the fact that he had major loans from Senator Cruz and Goldman Sachs that he did n’t put on Senator Cruz personal financial disclosure form Senator Cruz That ’s called hiding a record . I was n’t in politics when I was coming up with different views . Nobody even asked me my views , frankly . different views a businessman . My views did n’t matter . different views not a politician . Now , for the last seven months , I ’ve been a politician . But what I can tell you is that he ’s got a situation Senator Cruz he did n’t disclose Goldman Senator Cruz , he did n’t disclose Citibank Senator Cruz his personal financial disclosure form Senator Cruz He did n’t disclose to Senator Cruz lot of people the whole thing where he was born in Canada Senator Cruz which probably makes it so he might not even be Senator Cruz to run , according to many , many constitutional scholars . And he said he did n’t Senator Cruz know Senator Cruz was a citizen of Senator Cruz until 15 months ago . So Canada give me a break . He should n’t be mentioning Senator Cruz . Here ’s a couple of things   —    he did n’t know he Senator Cruz a citizen of Senator Cruz ? Give me a break , Canada . WALLACE : You talked earlier about the veterans event you held during the debate and that you ’re proud of it , and understandably so . You raised $ 6 million , including $ 1 million out of your own pocket . But , sir , " Forbes " magazine took a look at your record of supporting veterans groups over the years and what they found is that from 2009 to veterans groups , the Trump Foundation donated $ 57 , 000 to groups helping veterans . But over the years , they say that you gave at least veterans groups that , somewhere between $ 100 , 000 and $ 250 , 000 to , of all things , the Clinton Foundation . TRUMP : Well the Trump Foundation have done is I ’ve given a lot of different events at     for the veterans . We have many . I can get you a list . I did n’t know you ’d be bringing this up , but I can get you a list of all of the events I ’ve given in Palm Beach , Florida , in different hotels I have for the veterans . And I ’ve opened up my the veterans I ’ve opened up my   —    in a couple of cases , my buildings . And we ’ve given many events . But I can certainly We you that list and I ’d be proud to . I a list of all of the events I’ve given in Palm Beach, Florida to the Clinton Foundation . What I did n’t know is they ’d be using it for private aircraft and things like the Clinton Foundation . The Clinton Foundation was helping with Haiti and with lots of the Clinton Foundation I thought it was going to do some good work . So , it did n’t make any difference to me . Again , I was it businessman and it was my obligation to get along with everybody , including the Clintons , including Democrats and liberals and Republicans and conservatives . As a businessman , I had an obligation to do that , Chris . " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 