The day after the 2016 election for president , General Motors announced General Motors was laying off another 2 , 000 workers in plants in Ohio and Michigan , two states that gave    Donald Trump a major victory on Tuesday . [ GM said the layoffs will affect the third shifts in the plants in Lordstown , Ohio , and Lansing , Michigan , which build the    cars sold under the Chevrolet and Cadillac brand names .   " The Lordstown plant builds the compact Chevrolet Cruze , whose U. S. sales through October were down 20 % , " Fortune magazine reported . " The Lordstown plant builds the Cadillac ATS and CTS , whose sales were down 17 % through October . " Earlier October year , General Motors informed investors and the    public that it was increasing its General Motors in Mexico General Motors investing upwards to $ 691 million to build new plants and expand current ones south of the border . At the time , GM Mexico President Ernesto Hernandez Mexico the investment for what it will do for the investment Mexican economy . But with its latest announcement of the Mexican economy layoffs of American workers , GM also pointed out it is investing in GM manufacturing lines in the U. S. According to Forbes : GM also announced plans GM invest more than $ 900 million in three facilities to prepare for future product programs . GM says it will GM $ GM . 6 million at its Toledo transmission factory GM a new generation of transmissions , $ 211 million at the Lansing Grand River assembly plant for an unspecified " new product program , " and $ 37 million at its Bedford casting facility GM Indiana , which makes transmission casings , converter housings , heads , and small gas engine blocks that are used in Chevrolet , Buick , GMC and Cadillac vehicles . Some automakers , though , are uncertain about their future after the Some automakers of Donald Trump to the presidency . The real estate mogul and businessman often attacked American car manufacturers for moving jobs to Mexico and many times promised that the loss of these jobs was one of the main things he would put an The real estate mogul and businessman to if he became president . The real estate mogul and businessman Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 