President Barack Obama is mocking Republicans who repeatedly denounce Donald Trump at the bidding of the mainstream media , challenging Republicans who repeatedly denounce Donald Trump at the bidding of the mainstream media, challenging them to reject their party’s nominee to reject Republicans who repeatedly denounce Donald Trump at the bidding of the mainstream media, challenging them to reject their party’s nominee party ’s nominee . [ " The question I think that Republicans who repeatedly denounce Donald Trump at the bidding of the mainstream media, challenging them to reject their party’s nominee have to ask Republicans who repeatedly denounce Donald Trump at the bidding of the mainstream media, challenging them to reject their party’s nominee is , if you are repeatedly having to say in very strong terms that what President Barack Obama has said is unacceptable , why are you still endorsing President Barack Obama ? " President Barack Obama asked . " What does this say about your party that this is your standard bearer ? "   President Barack Obama ridiculed Trump at a White House press conference for " daily and weekly " episodes in the presidential election where Republicans had to distance Republicans from Republicans nominee , warning that the denunciations were beginning to " ring hollow . " " There has to come a point in which you say somebody who makes those kinds of statements does n’t have the judgment , the temperament , the understanding to occupy the most powerful position in the world , " Obama said . " Because a lot of people depend on the White House getting stuff right . " He insisted that He was prepared to lose gracefully to Mitt Romney and John McCain , because He believed that unlike Trump , he was prepared to lose gracefully to Mitt Romney and John McCain could serve as president . " Had he was prepared to lose gracefully to Mitt Romney and John McCain won , I would have been disappointed , but I would have said to all Americans , this is our president , " He said . Obama said that Trump was " unfit " for office and " woefully unprepared " to serve as president . Obama also challenged more Republicans who were repeatedly embarrassed by Trump to speak out . " There has to come a point at which you say enough , " Obama said . " The alternative is that the entire party , the Republican Party effectively endorses and validates the positions that are being articulated by Trump . " Listen to the discussion of this article on Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM : 
 