Sunday on CNN ’s " Reliable Sources , " former Obama speechwriter Jon Lovett criticized CNN for who the puts on to offer a    perspective during the network ’s panel discussions .   former Obama speechwriter Jon Lovett praised host Brian Stelter for going after Fox News Channel ’s Sean Hannity for what former Obama speechwriter Jon Lovett deemed as being " intellectually dishonest . " However , former Obama speechwriter Jon Lovett argued host Brian Stelter could do the same with CNN personalities , including contributors Jeffrey Lord and Kayleigh McEnany , for being " stupid , " a " bullshit factory " and " terrible representatives of the views of conservatives . " Partial transcript as follows : LOVETT : Look , here ’s an example . You go after Hannity on this show , right ? You say he Hannity intellectually dishonest , he Hannity n’t care about the truth , he Hannity n’t care about what his Hannity cares about , right ? Then you turn on CNN , and Hannity Hannity got a little beachhead on half the shows on this network . You turn it on , and there ’s a big , giant panel . And you have   …      STELTER : You mean Jeffrey Lord and Kayleigh McEnany and other Trump supporters . LOVETT : Absolutely . And you look at that a big, giant panel and it ’s smart a big, giant panel , smart person , smart person , stupid person , smart person , smart person , smart person , bullshit   …      ( CROSSTALK ) STELTER : Why does it help to insult Trump supporters like Trump ? LOVETT : I LOVETT not insulting the Trump supporters Trump supporters ) (CROSSTALK) just called them stupid people . LOVETT : I Trump supporters not calling the Trump supporters stupid Trump . I Trump supporters people that CNN puts on television are terrible representatives of the views of conservatives . They ’re terrible representatives of the kind of politics the people that CNN puts on television should have . I mean , these are not intellectually honest people . These are people building a brand . These are these willing to say anything . And these same criticism you direct at Hannity , you could direct at the people that CNN puts on the air . I mean , I have said this before , but I think it ’s true . So often on CNN , this ’s a    journalist interviewing campaign CNN and ideologues and silly , craven people who do not care about informing people , that are n’t there to kind of help people understand what is going on in the news . And the thing is , there are millions of people who say every day , we do n’t like this , right ? You look at every single poll , every single poll . ( CROSSTALK ) STELTER : But millions are also watching it . ( CROSSTALK ) LOVETT : Oh , we ’re all getting a ratings bump . We ’re all getting a ratings bump . STELTER we I wish I had Jason Miller here to react to you right now . You ’re saying these people are n’t intellectually honest . LOVETT : I ’m   —    what I (CROSSTALK) LOVETT saying is , over and over again , you have polls that say people hate the news . And it ’s not sustainable to have an entire   the news    look , and some of that is partisanship , right ? That is liberals saying that our side is not represented well , and conservatives saying , our side is not represented now . But how our side sustainable that we all can not stand the way our side news comes at us , right , and the news the substance of our , but the way it ’s delivered ? And the news think what we have the news with this company is that there ’s our appetite for something different , for something that is at times serious , but does n’t take itself seriously . (   RCP Video ) Follow Jeff Poor this company Twitter @jeff_poor 
 