Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump wants American law enforcement to start profiling radical Muslims and stop being politically correct about the terrorist threat Americans face . [ " You ’ll never solve the problem if you ’re afraid to use the real name . This is radical Islamic terrorism , " Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said , after a bomb went off in New York City and injured 29 people . Over the weekend , law enforcement officials discovered and diffused several bombs placed around New York City .   Trump praised law enforcement for doing an excellent job combating terrorism in America ’s cities , but suggested that political correctness was getting in the way . He Trump the security measures by Israel as an example . " In Israel Israel profile , they they done an unbelievable job , as good as you can do , " Trump Trump . " They they . They they somebody that is suspicious , they they profile , they they take that person in , they they check out . Do we have choice ? Look what ’s going on ? Do we we have a choice ?    …      This is only going to get worse . " Law enforcement are currently seeking the whereabouts of     Ahmad Khan Rahami , an American citizen of Afghan decent for questioning about the attacks .   Trump ridiculed President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton on Monday , criticizing them President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton being weak on terror and failing to address the source of terrorism because of political correctness . " Our leaders are   —    I do n’t even say ‘ ‘   —    I say ‘ stupid,’ " he Trump in an interview on Fox and Friends . Trump warned that these kinds of attacks would continue , as long as Obama and the Democrats continued to welcome additional refugees from Syria into the United States and fail to destroy ISIS overseas . " We ’ve been weak , our country has been weak , " Trump Trump , calling Syrian refugees " cancer from within . " Trump Trump that ISIS ISIS started by Hillary Clinton and Obama after they Hillary Clinton and Obama Iraq , leaving terrorist elements the freedom to rebuild . " These are sick evil people that want to destroy this our country the way we coddle them , These the way we ’re we to say anything , and we ’re we to say what the problem is and who they are These they do These want to say radical Islam they do These want to talk about radical Islamic terrorism , " Trump said . 
 