The realtor behind the initial , cancelled venue for Lucian Wintrich ’s upcoming    art show , Sam Reznitsky , is threatening to sue after claiming that Lucian Wintrich did n’t know the event would be in favour of Donald Trump , despite writing down on paper that it would be . [ Text messages , and a screenshot of the agreement signed by Reznitsky , show that the realtor had marked the event down as a " Trump Gallery Show " despite Lucian Wintrich recent claims that Wintrich had failed to tell Lucian Wintrich it was a    show .   " You told us numerous times it it not a Trump show " claimed Reznitsky Reznitsky a text message sent to Wintrich , where Lucian Wintrich tried to blackmail the Twinks4Trump creator into paying the realtor fee , despite the fact that the venue had cancelled last minute and threatened to donate the funds to the Hillary Clinton campaign .   " If I do n’t have a check at 5 pm I ’m going to make you lose all credibility in the art world " warned Reznitsky in his Reznitsky of threatening text messages . " Think about your next step carefully . " Wintrich , when asked for comment about Sam ’s threats to his Sam , said " Ruin what reputation ? He Sam has n’t read what art publications already say about me Sam "     Reznitsky Reznitsky continued to make lawsuit threats , warning " I ’ll bankrupt you in a lawsuit if I do n’t have the check at 5 pm today . " The Boiler , a Pierogi Art    venue in Brooklyn , New York , cancelled the show at their the show just days before the event , which is to take place at another venue this Saturday . The new venue is located in Manhattan , and will be announced shortly . Tickets are still available via IndieGoGo . Claiming that he believed the the show satirical , the venue owner Joe Amrhein threatened to send the funds to the Clinton Campaign , before cancelling the event at his location altogether he The cancellation came just days after a Death and Taxes writer contacted hundreds of New York journalists , requesting that they ignore Wintrich hundreds of New York journalists art show .    news outlet Mic then continued to pressure a gay military charity into rejecting any donations from the fundraiser that Wintrich had planned Wintrich the event . Breitbart News contacted Reznitsky , but he refused to Breitbart News on the record . Milo Yiannopoulos , Martin Shkreli , and Gavin McInnes have all contributed art pieces for the event , which will also exhibit Wintrich ’s signature Wintrich . The art exhibit is still scheduled to take place , and will be moved to a new location in Manhattan , to be announced soon . You can purchase tickets for the show on Saturday , and donate to the event at IndieGoGo . Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington Charlie Nash like his page at Facebook Charlie Nash 
 