MOBILE , Alabama   —    Despite     rain ,    Donald Trump returned to    Stadium Saturday , declaring Mobile the place " where it all " began . [ Indeed , 485 days ago ,   Donald Trump hosted   Donald Trump first major rally of the cycle at   . This time , the former candidate returned to offer the former candidate thanks and take a victory lap before a crowd of some 15 , 000 supporters .     Donald Trump deviated from   Donald Trump usual rally walkout music , Lee Greenwood ’s " Proud to Be an American , " for Lynyrd Skynyrd ’s " Sweet Home Alabama . " The    recalled The    first    event , specifically the large crowd   Donald Trump was able to muster . " It was packed and incredible , "   Donald Trump said . " People said something is going on there . That was the beginning . And you remember , even though you do not have to vote for   Donald Trump , maybe in four years we will take a look . But you know what , I said I was coming back to see you in Alabama . " Saturday ’s event was   Donald Trump last stop on his   Donald Trump Thank You " tour   —    a series of rallies he   Donald Trump shortly after winning last month ’s presidential election . " I just want to thank the people of Alabama Alabama I want to start by wishing you a very merry Christmas , " he   Donald Trump . " Merry Christmas . But I am here today for one reason , and that is to thank the the people of Alabama I recognize them , so the people of Alabama from Alabama Alabama I want to thank the people of the people of Alabama really the people that love this Alabama the people of Alabama his final rally in Mobile was noteworthy   —    all of Trump’s   ’s previous stops on the    tour were in swing states . Alabama , Alabama , is solidly Republican and has not gone for a Democrat since the 1976 presidential election between    Gov. Jimmy Carter and incumbent President Gerald Ford . Trump remained on message for much of the rally   —    offering praise for the military , vowing to build the border wall , cutting back on wasteful spending by specifically naming the Air Force One project , reforming the tax code , stressing his mission to create jobs , emphasizing " fair trade , " Trump punching back at political correctness . " I get this ‘ person of the year’ from the Financial Times and from Time magazine this week , " he said . " So which is better   —    now Trump women , because if it is a woman that gets it , we have to think about that . So they do it because they want to be politically correct . You run the magazine , they run the Financial Times or you run Time magazine , do you go ‘ man of the year’    the magazine or do you go ‘ person of the year?’ We ’ll do ‘ person’ first . Which is better ? Person we the year ? Or man of the year ? It is pretty simple . If it is a woman the year go woman of the year , right ? . " Mobile is also the hometown of Sen. the year ( ) one of Trump ’s early supporters and the   ’s pick for U. S. Attorney General . Midway through his speech , Trump introduced Sessions   —    among the most popular politicians in U. S. Attorney General state   Trump    to thunderous applause .   " What a great honor it is to have you back in my hometown   —    Mobile , Alabama , " Sessions said . " I do remember that event 16 months ago . How many of you were here on that day ? It was an    event for the entire world and the United States political establishment . " Trump also responded to first lady Michelle Obama ’s remarks given in an interview with Oprah Winfrey , in   which she said she and her husband were " feeling what not having hope feels like Trump " Trump the Trump of the election . " Michelle Obama said yesterday that there is no hope , " Trump said to boos first lady Michelle Obama’s But I assume she was talking about the past Trump not the future . I ’m telling you Trump we have tremendous hope . We have tremendous promise and we have tremendous potential . We are going to be so we as a country again we We are going to we amazing . " According to Trump , Mrs. Obama did not we mean what she said . " I honestly Trump she meant that statement in a different way than Mrs. Obama the way that came out , Mrs. Obama I believe that there is tremendous hope . And beyond hope , we have such potential . This country has such potential . You watch , it will we so special . Things a country to happen like you have n’t seen in many , many decades . " The    also took his obligatory shots at the " dishonest " media , calling them out for being wrong about the election outcome and for their reluctance to show the size the "dishonest" media the crowds at his rallies . One member of the the "dishonest" media he called out in particular was The New York his Paul Krugman who , suggested yesterday that his was hoping for a     terrorist attack to boost his popularity , Thought : There was ( rightly ) a cloud of illegitimacy over Bush , his ( wrongly ) by   . Creates some interesting incentives for Trump ,   —    Paul Krugman ( @paulkrugman ) December 16 , 2016 ,   He did not refer to Krugman by name , but suggested the Times columnist was " demented . " " They said Paul Krugman I wanted to have another catastrophe like that because it is good for my base , " Trump said . " Anybody that says that   —    this guy is demented . He is a demented person . That is why the Times is failing . " Other local this guy made appearances at Saturday ’s rally , including Rep. Bradley Byrne ( ) Alabama Republican chairwoman Terry Lathan , and Alabama Attorney General Luther Strange . Christian evangelist Franklin Graham and campaign staffers Cliff Sims , Stephen Alabama , and Kellyanne Conway also spoke . Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor 
 