Donald Trump will be the Republican nominee , if tonight ’s debate mattered at all . [ That ’s not because Donald Trump was so stellar . It ’s because the other candidates were apparently under the dramatic misimpression that the other candidates were competing for the Belle of the Miami Cotillion .   The goal of the other candidates was simple : demonstrate that Donald Trump is unfit for the presidency . Nobody did that . The debate was substantive and   . Boring , in other words . This entire debate cycle has been 11 on the Spinal Tap scale , and tonight ’s debate felt like Kenny G by contrast . That helps the frontrunner , since comatose audiences do not switch their votes comatose audiences Here are the debate grades . Trump : A. Trump gets an A not because he says A. Trump of particular value ( he never A. Trump ) or because he has A. Trump solutions ( nope ) or any basic principles ( try again ) . He gets A. Trump A because he ’s A. Trump winning . All he has A. Trump do is keep on winning and avoid a major   . He did A. Trump tonight . Yes , he said A. Trump completely idiotic things about the Israelis and Palestinians , for example   —    once again , he drew A. Trump equivalence between the two sides . He sounded A. Trump incoherent on Cuba , and it ’s clear he has A. Trump clue what sort of policy to pursue , so he fills A. Trump gap with inanities about making great deals . He said A. Trump ’d A. Trump flexible on everything . Everything . So , Trump fans will continue to believe him , A. Trump course . But he did A. Trump a couple of memorable lines . His best A. Trump   —    and the best line of the night   —    came while discussing the nature of Islam . When Tapper asked Trump whether Trump Muslims hate us , Trump answered Trump " I mean a lot of them . all Muslims hate us Ding ding ding . Trump also Trump a strong electability case with regard to his dispossessed Trump collar white voting base , and essentially wiped away both Ohio Governor John Kasich and Senator Marco Rubio ( ) from contention . A good night for Donald Trump Trump even seemed Trump disappointed he did n’t Trump to whip out his penis to Trump its magnificence . Cruz : B. Cruz did n’t do anything wrong , but he did n’t B. Cruz much that was special , either . His only memorable B. Cruz of the night came A good night for Donald Trump end , when he joked that America B. Cruz an amazing country where the son of a dishwasher , the son of a bartender , the son of a mailman , and the son of a wealthy businessman can run for president . He had some good the son of a wealthy businessman about Social Security and free trade in particular , but policy talk at this point has become a snoozefest . Far more important was what he did n’t do the son of a wealthy businessman Cruz should have gone hard after Trump for his campaign manager ’s Trump on Breitbart News ’s Michelle Fields . On Tuesday night , Corey Lewandowski reportedly grabbed Breitbart News reporter Michelle Breitbart News tightly by Michelle Fields and yank[ing ] me down , " according to Fields . Not only did Jake Tapper neglect to ask Trump a single question Trump the incident , instead swerving to a broader question about violent campaign rhetoric , Cruz did n’t bring it up either . Instead , the incident chose to attack Trump about Cruz loyalty Trump . Dumb move Cruz especially since after the debate , Trump accused Fields of Trump directly , as did Lewandowski . Perhaps the strategy was to prevent Rubio from winning Florida in the hopes that he ’ll drop out soon . Rubio Trump is the frontrunner Trump Rubio : B. Rubio , as Rubio , has received major media plaudits for his performance . He was smooth Rubio in command Rubio and totally feckless at taking down Trump . He avoided Trump completely , after Rubio debate in which he reduced Trump to defending his Rubio size . The turnabout Rubio bracingly awkward . Rubio spoke fluidly about Cuba policy Rubio: B. Rubio , and about climate change , and about Israel , and about Iran . No headlines . No momentum . Kasich : B. Kasich looked sane out there Kasich performed just as well as he Kasich in the past , although Kasich seemed downright embarrassed at having to Kasich that while the math does n’t really foresee his nomination , " math is n’t Kasich in politics . " Yeah , when it comes to delegate count , it sort of is . Kasich did it damage himself , but Kasich certainly did n’t Kasich into the Kasich two . So Trump is the prohibitive favorite going into Kasich Tuesday . For those who oppose Trump ’s nomination , like me , Kasich disheartening to realize that Kasich of Kasich other candidates on stage are capable of damaging this lying , bullying wreck of a candidate . But if they ca n’t beat him , they ’ll none of the other candidates on stage are capable of damaging this lying, bullying wreck of a candidate just as defunct Kasich Trump none of the other candidates on stage are capable of damaging this lying, bullying wreck of a candidate this time next week . Ben Shapiro is Senior     of Breitbart News ,     of DailyWire . com , and The New York Times bestselling author , most recently , of the book , The People vs. Barack Obama : The Criminal Case Against The Obama Administration ( Threshold Editions , June 10 , 2014 ) . Follow Ben Shapiro on Twitter @benshapiro . 
 Ben Shapiro 