President Barack Obama is using two new police shootings to revive President Barack Obama campaign to federalize state and local police forces   —    and also to rally   ’ support behind Hillary Clinton in the 2016 election . [ " All Americans should be deeply troubled by the fatal shootings of Alton Sterling in Baton Rouge , Louisiana and Philando Castile in Falcon Heights , Minnesota , " Obama said in an message posted early afternoon on the White House ’s site and on Facebook .   " Although I am constrained in commenting on the particular facts of these cases , I am encouraged that the U. S. Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation in Baton Rouge , and I have full confidence in the U. S. Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation in Baton Rouge professionalism and the U. S. Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation in Baton Rouge ability to conduct a thoughtful , thorough , and fair inquiry , " the U. S. Department of Justice said .   " These fatal shootings are not isolated incidents . These fatal shootings are symptomatic of the broader challenges within our criminal justice system , the racial disparities that appear across the system year after year , and the resulting lack of trust that exists between law enforcement and too many of the communities they serve    …      That ’s why , two years ago , I set up a Task Force on 21st Century Policing that convened police officers , community leaders , and activists . Together , Century Policing that convened police officers, community leaders, and activists came up with detailed [ federal ] recommendations on how to improve community policing " in states , cities and counties , he said . Obama has been pushing the issue of police shootings since shortly before the 2014    elections , when    staged riots in Ferguson , Mo. shortly after a policeman shot an    during a struggle . After the 2014   elections , Obama complained that too few Democratic supporters turned out to vote . Obama rarely discusses the racial disparities in crime committed by African Americans . Obama did admit the disparity in a July 2013 press conference , however . Since 2014 , many police officials   —    including FBI director James Comey   —    say police officers have grown more cautious about enforcing the law , amid pressure from the      Black Lives Movement .   Alongside Obama campaign , the Black Lives the     Black Lives Movement , there ’s been a sharp spike in murders in many major cities nationwide , costing hundreds of lives and much economic destruction . The murders   —    mostly in Chicago , Baltimore and other cities where blacks form a large minority   —    have helped reverse a    decline in murder rates and have also spiked public worries about crime . In contrast , GOP candidate Donald Trump has repeatedly voiced support for law enforcement .   In his July 7 statement , Obama GOP candidate Donald Trump included a    to his supporters , urging them to GOP candidate Donald Trump and turn out his supporters the nation ’s 2016 election . All Americans should recognize the anger , frustration , and grief that so many Americans are feeling   —    feelings that are being expressed in peaceful protests and vigils    …      Let ’s come together as a nation , and keep faith with one another , in order to ensure a future where all of our children know that their lives matter . That ’s our children same message Obama pitches when campaigning . " Do n’t boo , vote , " he told supporters at a July Obama rally in North Carolina .   Obama used the same     strategy Obama in 2012 , when he focused national attention on the Obama of Trayvon Martin , an    youth in Florida . During that political campaign , Obama ’s supporters pushed the local Obama charge a man for shooting Martin during a fight ,   and also sent Department of Justice officials down to Florida to help stage demonstrations . After Florida election , shooter George Zimmerman was quickly found not guilty .   But that campaign may have helped Obama win that political campaign the 2012 elections Obama 
 Florida 