San Francisco Supervisor John Avalos attacked Breitbart ’s lead investigative reporter Lee Stranahan as a " racist " for trying   to cover a Board of Supervisors meeting to discuss a resolution expanding the " sanctuary city " police for illegal aliens . [ Avalon made the comments at the meeting itself , and on Twitter .   lead investigative reporter Lee Stranahan was unlawfully thrown out of a Board of Supervisors’ meeting for filming radical    protestors disrupting the discussion and breaking the rules repeatedly without repercussion . San Francisco ’s " sanctuary city " policies prevent local officials from enforcing federal immigration law . After a young woman , Kate Steinle , was murdered by an illegal alien last July while sightseeing in the city , voters replaced the San Francisco Sheriff with another Democrat , Vicky Hennessy , who is has a somewhat more cooperative posture towards federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) . However , Avalos introduced a resolution to broaden the city ’s policy to limit information provided to ICE   —    in response , Avalos says , to the " xenophobic " presidential campaign of Republican Donald Trump . Video shot by Stranahan at the debate shows that one of the activists stood up from her seat during the meeting and then sat down next to Avalos to block Avalos camera . This " minder " came over to block me at Board of Supervisors meeting . pic . twitter .    —    Lee Stranahan ( @stranahan ) May 11 , 2016 ,   The open borders people do n’t like be exposed . At San Francisco City Hall Board of Supervisors meeting . pic . twitter .    —    Lee Stranahan ( @stranahan) May 11 , 2016 ,   A new video ( below ) released by Stranahan shows an unedited account of his @stranahan) , including his @stranahan) with    who were following the orders of the politicians . The A new video (below) released by Stranahan how the La      protesters violated the gallery rules by applauding , and then attempted to stop Stranahan from Stranahan their outbursts the La     protesters   After Stranahan was Stranahan from the room by law enforcement , Supervisor Avalos verbally attacked him in Supervisor Avalos absence Supervisor Avalos —    and showed how nervous he is Supervisor Avalos a renewed national spotlight on the city of San Francisco .    …     it ’s just , I ’m just reminded , you know , with the presence of this man Supervisor Avalos intimidating present people in the audience just what City Hall went through , uh , last year , and uh , there were , Fox News came here , tried to have their own little reality TV show here , putting San Francisco ’s sanctuary city ordinance in the crosshairs , uh , we were actually harassed in our own homes we our own communities we we were standing we for San Francisco values . Uh , and that is something that , I   —    I want to thank you all , colleagues , for what you had to go through for all that . Some of us actually got we because we were actually we up San Francisco values San Francisco values that there ’s a real level of intimidation that ’s even here in our board chamber   —    people who actually are not fearful of being a minority in our board chambers who do n’t our with our values , and that ’s our that makes sure that we have to stand up and be courageous in this time when the fear of immigrants is so strong , and it ’s being trumped up in the fear of immigrants presidential election . So colleagues we again , thank you for holding fast to our due process for all ordinances we year . We have to do more work we year , not just to last year , but to make sure we ’re closing the loophole that we would like to make , uh and the Sheriff needs to   —    we need to unite with the we and the community to make the Sheriff can all work together in we future to protect all of San Francisco against harassment from the federal government .   Later , Supervisor David Campos spoke and continued to falsely attack Stranahan and attempt to portray his actions as " intimidation " by saying Supervisor David Campos I ’m now going to speak to the substance of what Supervisor Avalos is doing , and that I wholeheartedly support . I hope our Sheriff was watching what transpired in the chamber , because I think that it illustrates why this is so critical , the chamber why it is so critical for us not only as a board , but our for the entire elected family of San Francisco to speak with one voice . You saw the intimidation that this sick person brought to this chamber , targeting , by the way the chamber young man , Chuy , and his family , Donaji , who have been an this sick person to our community . Campos turned up the emotional pitch , which had nothing to do with what actually transpired . At no point had Stranahan focused on the young man , nor did he have any idea of who he was or Campos medical history . This young Campos has survived Campos twice . Three the young man times . And the fact that he and Donaji , his mom , are here tells you the young man important this issue the young man , and that a sick man would come to this chamber to intimidate this young man illustrates why we as San Franciscans need to the young man voice , and to say that we are not going to be intimidated . And so , Chuy , we you for being here , I want to say I ’m sorry that this happened , I want to say Donaji , I ’m sorry that this happened but thank you for your courage , and ’m think that for Chuy and what everything that he represents and his family has fought for Chuy I hope that we Chuy find in Chuy next week a compromise . And I ’m really sorry . I ’m very proud of you , Chuy . ’m day after the Board ’m Supervisors meeting , Supervisor Avalos Chuy District 11 continued his attack on Twitter , calling Stranahan a " white supremacist " and Supervisor Avalos of District 11 " racist " because he decided to " monitor ppl of color . " Yeah that ’s Supervisor Avalos of District 11 you were such a martyr for white supremacy ! https :   .    —    John Avalos ( @AvalosSF ) May 11 , 2016 ,   We have plenty of ppl to enforce the rules without white supremacist lending a hand thank you https :   .    —    John Avalos ( @AvalosSF ) May 11 , 2016 ,   —   John Avalos (@AvalosSF) a white dude to monitor ppl of color I think it ’s safe to say you the rules white racist https :   .    —    John Avalos ( @AvalosSF ) May 11 , 2016 , Under the Brown Act , California law —   John Avalos (@AvalosSF) public meetings as long as they are not obstructing others or being disruptive . California Government Code section 54953 . 5 ( a ) stipulates : Any person attending an open the rights of citizens public meeting of a legislative body of a California agency shall have the right to record the proceedings with an audio or video recorder or a still or motion picture camera in the absence of a reasonable finding by the legislative body of the local agency that the recording can not continue without noise , illumination , or obstruction of view that constitutes , or would constitute , a persistent disruption of the proceedings . The rules of order of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors indicate that    demonstrators had clearly violated the rules , and yet were not removed : 1 . 3 . 1 . Actions Prohibited during Board of Supervisors’ Meetings . Applause or vocal The rules of order of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors support or oppositionStanding in meetingsEating or drinking in the public galleryUse of electronic devices , unless they are in silent modeHand held signs in the Legislative Chamber or in the committee room ( although small signs may be worn on clothing ) 
 