   Donald J. Trump dismissed Meryl Streep as " a Hillary lover " early Monday morning after the actress , in a speech at the Golden Globes award ceremony , denounced   Donald J. Trump as a bully who disrespected and humiliated others .   Donald J. Trump , in a brief telephone interview , said he   Donald J. Trump not seen Ms. Meryl Streep remarks or other parts of the Globes ceremony , which were broadcast on NBC , but he   Donald J. Trump that he   Donald J. Trump " not surprised " that he   Donald J. Trump come under attack from " liberal movie people . " [ Read Meryl Streep ’s Golden Globes speech ] The Globes Golden Globes last    Hollywood event before Mr. Trump ’s inauguration on Jan. 20 , a transfer of power that many in the entertainment industry have bemoaned . While    comments at the Globes were Golden Globes , Ms. Streep , one of the most outspoken progressives in the film world , mounted a powerful critique of Mr. Trump ’s abilities Mr. Trump , complimenting in a backhanded way a style of showmanship that she all but called insidious . " There was one performance this year that stunned me   —    it sank its hooks in my this year , this year Ms. Streep said . " Not because it was good there was nothing good about it . But it was effective and it did it job . It it its it audience laugh it and it their teeth . " It was its intended audience moment when the person asking to sit in the most respected seat in our country imitated a disabled reporter , " she said , referring to a a disabled reporter by Mr. Trump in 2015 when he shuddered and flailed his arms the person seeming to mock the person disabled reporter for The New York Times . " It kind of broke my heart when I saw it , and I still ca It get it out of my head , It it was n’t in a movie It It was real life . " It Trump , as he has Mr. Trump times before , Mr. Trump heated in the interview as he flatly denied that he had intended Mr. Trump make fun of Mr. Trump Times reporter , Serge F. Kovaleski . " I was never mocking anyone , " Mr. Trump said . " I was Mr. Trump question a reporter who had gotten nervous because he had changed his story , " arguing Mr. Trump the reporter Mr. Trump been trying to back away from an article he wrote in September 2001 about the terrorist Mr. Trump on the World Trade Center and elsewhere that month . " People keep saying I intended to mock the reporter ’s disability , as if Meryl the reporter could read my mind , and I did no such thing , " he said in the interview . " And Mr. Trump , Meryl Streep introduced Hillary Clinton at her convention , and Meryl Streep of these people supported Hillary Meryl Streep " Mr. Trump said , referring to Ms. Streep Mr. Trump at the Democratic National Convention last summer on Meryl Streep his opponent , Mrs. Clinton . Later Monday morning Mr. Trump Mr. Trump , in a series of tweets , Mr. Trump Streep " one of the most    actresses in Hollywood , " and Meryl Streep flunky who lost big . " He also reiterated his argument that he had not mocked Mr. Trump reporter " Mr. Trump simply showed Mr. Trump ‘ groveling . ’ " Ms. Streep ’s artful denunciation of Mr. Trump   — the reporter whom she never mentioned by Meryl Streep —    drew applause from many other actors at the Globes Meryl Streep , but also attacks online from the   ’s allies , like Sean Hannity , as well as some Republicans , like Meghan McCain , who are critical of Mr. Trump but see Hollywood liberals as only emboldening his supporters . Ms. Streep ’s speech did Mr. Trump   intended to win people over   —    Mr. Trump   spoke dismissively of football and mixed martial arts at one point   —    but rather to Ms. Streep frustration and anger before Mr. Trump ’s inauguration . " This instinct to humiliate , when it ’s modeled by someone in Mr. Trump   platform , by someone powerful , it filters down into everybody ’s life , because it kind of gives permission for other people to do it same thing , " she said in her it . " Disrespect invites disrespect , violence incites violence . And when the powerful use their position she bully others we all lose . " Mr. Trump said that , Ms. Streep and her allies aside , he was confident that celebrities and others would turn out in strong numbers for his she . " We Mr. Trump going to have an unbelievable , perhaps    turnout for the inauguration , Mr. Trump there will be Ms. Streep and her allies aside, he was confident that celebrities and others would turn out in strong numbers for his inauguration of movie and entertainment stars , " Mr. Trump said . his inauguration the dress shops are sold out in Washington . It ’s hard to Mr. Trump great dress for this inauguration . " 
 his inauguration 