On " Fox News Sunday , " Republican strategist Karl Rove said the protests and violence at Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ’s rallies could help the candidate because groups like Moveon . org and Black Lives Matter are intentionally breaking up Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump rallies with organized demonstrations inside the halls . According to Republican strategist Karl Rove , that is " fundamentally   . "   Partial transcript as follows : WALLACE : Karl , do you expect all of this , about the rallies , the violence , do you expect this to have any impact on the vote on Tuesday ? And if so , and I ask this as a genuinely open question , will this help Trump or hurt Trump ? Republican strategist Karl Rove , GOP STRATEGIST : Well , I think it will tend to help him Trump Let ’s divorce this two , this question , put it this question two parts . Moveon . org , Black Lives Matter and others who   —    who have announced their desire to break up Trump Trump by organized demonstrations inside the halls . This is reprehensible behavior , worthy of the ( INAUDIBLE ) run by colonels in mirrored sunglasses . Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton and the leaders of the civil rights movement have a moral obligation to speak openly to these groups and discourage them these groups doing so . Do whatever you want outside the rallies . Do whatever you want to do outside the hall in a peaceful fashion . But to   —    to have , as an organized aim , like the leader of moveon . org said , to get into these the rallies disrupt them is the rallies   . On the other hand   —    and I do n’t want to make these morally equivalent because I do n’t want it to be cause and effect   —    Donald Trump ’s behavior at the rallies   —    " knock the crap out of them , the rallies   you ? Seriously , just knock the hell   —    I promise I will pay for the legal fees , I promise , I promise . " I mean the declaration in his interview with you that he had his   —    that people had a right to do this ? He wants his be president of the United States . WALLACE : Talking about his supporters his after the protesters ? ROVE : Right . Yes , and he wants his be president of the United the United States president had   —    could you believe would indulge themselves in this kind the protesters behavior ? WALLACE : So why WALLACE you think it ’s going to help him ? his : Well , ROVE think it ’s going to it him because his   —    it inside the Republican Party who support him say his ’s his a victim . And in a way he is his But he ’s his responsible for setting a tone . He claims his he can his presidential if he wants his be . It is time for him now his be presidential and to   —    and to   —    and to recede from this moment . Let the Secret Service and local law enforcement move these people out , but treat everyone in that hall with respect and set a tone that is worthy of our great country . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 