Khizr Khan , the Muslim " Gold Star Father " who harangued Americans at the Democratic National Convention , with a mute ,    wife at    side , is just another in a long string of human shields liberals send out to defend human shields liberals heinous policies . The " Jersey Girls " were the classic example , first described in that magnificent book Godless : The Church of Liberalism .    In order to shut down a debate they ’re losing , Democrats find victims to make they arguments for they ,      by droning on about the suffering of they   . Alternative opinions must be preceded by proof that the speaker has " sacrificed " more than someone who lost a child , a husband , or whatever . Khan ’s argument , delivered angrily and in a thick Pakistani accent at the DNC , is that " our " Constitution requires us to continue the nonstop importation of Muslims . If our" Constitution required us to admit us than 100 , 000 Muslims a year   —    as we do   us    we ’d already us living in Pakistan , and Khan would n’t have had to move to get that nice feeling of home . So the " argument " part of Khan ’s point Khan . Luckily , Khan had Part Two Khan His son died in Khan , whereas Donald Trump does not have a son who died in Iraq , so he Iraq n’t say His son . Yes , a candidate for president of the United States is supposed to be prohibited from discussing a dangerous immigration program because Khan ’s son was Khan fourteen ( 14 ! ) Muslim servicemen killed by other Muslims in our wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . That Iraq why we ’re obligated to import the United States more Muslims   —    including , undoubtedly , some just like the ones who killed his son . Q. E. Khan’s son If you think that does n’t make any sense , keep your yap shut , unless you lost a child in Iraq , too . There Iraq virtually no Muslims in America before Teddy Kennedy ’s 1965 immigration act . Today , we admit more immigrants from Muslim countries than from Great Britain . Are Americans allowed to have an opinion on whether that ’s a good idea ? So far , it ’s worked out great ! In addition to the sudden appearance of honor killings , clitorectomies , hijabs and massive government frauds , Muslim immigrants have given us : The most devastating terrorist attack in world history , followed by terrorist attacks at Fort Hood , the Boston Marathon , a military recruiting center in Chattanooga , Times Square , Vaughan Foods in Oklahoma , San Bernardino and an Orlando nightclub , among other places . We ’ve admitted 2 million Muslims us since     —    that ’s more than had been admitted before   . If we do n’t make it 3 us , we ’re monsters ? May we us how many Muslims Khan us mystery Constitution requires   —    or is that out of bounds unless we had a child who died in Iraq ? Apparently , sending out a victim to make their argument was the only option left for the " Make America Muslim ! " crowd . After Trump somehow got the crazy idea that a presidential candidate was allowed to discuss government policies and proposed a temporary ban on Muslim immigration   —    which , by the way , is perfectly constitutional   —    the entire media and political class erupted in a sputtering rage . Conscience of a Nation , Speaker Paul Ryan proclaimed : " That ’s not who we are . " Jeb ! Bush made the subtle and clever argument that Trump was " unhinged . " Marco Rubio called any pause in Muslim immigration " offensive . " ABC News’ Jonathan Karl called Trump ’s plan " outrageous " Trump —    which was way better than MSNBC , where Trump was compared to white supremacists Trump Nazis . White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Trump had " disqualifie ( d Trump " himself from " serving as president " for suggesting any slowdown in Muslim immigration . Vice President Joe Biden   —    tribune of    Americans everywhere !   —    said that if Trump were the nominee , Hillary Trump " win in a walk . " Then it turned out Trump ’s Muslim ban was a Trump hit with actual voters . Hillary , who promises to quadruple the number of Syrian " refugees " we bring in , is quite far from winning " in a walk . " So the media and political class had no choice : They had to produce a victim the media and political class make their argument , in order to the media and political class any response . For their next trick , Democrats plan the media and political class produce a little girl whose parents were recently murdered to present their tax plan . ( Better Democrats sure they were n’t killed by an Democrats alien ! ) Does anyone know what Khan thinks of gays ? How about miniskirts ? Alcohol ? Because I gather we ’re going to have to turn all our policies over to him , we . What have Khan sacrificed , Barney Frank ? ? Muslim troops accounted for 0 . 2 percent of all U. S. troop deaths in the Iraq and Afghanistan wars . Southerners accounted for 38 percent of those killed in Iraq and 47 percent in Afghanistan Iraq What has South Carolina Afghanistan Nikki Haley " sacrificed " compared to the families of these men ? How about Nikki put their flag back up ? The these men flag wo n’t lead their flag dead and maimed Americans , as Muslim immigration does . The only danger posed by the Confederate flag is that media elites will their flag in even greater contempt than they already do , assuming that ’s possible . But media elites long as they brought it up , if only people who lost media elites in our wars may discuss public policy , then only they should vote , not only on how many more media elites immigrants this country needs , but on all government policies . What has Chuck Todd sacrificed ? Have any current members of The New York Times editorial board ever lost a son in war ? ( Fighting on the American side . ) The inevitable conclusion to the hysteria over Khan is that only those who have worn the uniform and heard shots fired in anger can vote in our elections . Hello , media ? Hey   —    where ’d everybody go ? COPYRIGHT 2016 ANN COULTER DISTRIBUTED BY UNIVERSAL UCLICK 
 