Hillary Clinton is not only an " enabler , " Hillary Clinton is a " terrorist " who " terrorizes " Hillary Clinton husband ’s alleged lovers and women who accuse her husband of sexual assault , says Kyle [ In an interview , Kyle claimed that " Billy " Clinton Hillary Clinton as she Hillary Clinton him , once boasted to her Hillary Clinton he had had sex with about 2 , 000 women .   She Hillary Clinton Clinton Hillary Clinton him " sex addict " who has some " sick , sick need " to " control women . "   " Aaron , Hillary Hillary Clinton an enabler is about the nicest thing you can say about her Hillary Clinton " stated Kyle when asked about a statement last Friday from Donald Trump , who slammed Hillary Clinton as an " unbelievably nasty , mean enabler " who " destroyed " the lives of her Hillary Clinton ’s mistresses and alleged victims . Continued Kyle : " The fact of the matter is Hillary Hillary Clinton a terrorist . I invite Kyle to look up the definition of terrorism . It is the use of violence , threats , or intimidation to achieve a political aim .    …      That ’s what terrorism is . It changes people ’s lives by changing their decisions about what they would otherwise do . terrorism these women who might otherwise speak people are so afraid people they wo n’t say anything . " Kyle alleged that there are many other Clinton lovers these women who might otherwise speak up purported assault victims who would likely speak out , but who instead " are cowering in fear because of the terrorism . " Kyle was speaking in an interview set to air Sunday night on terrorism ’s weekend talk Kyle program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio , " broadcast on New York ’s AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM in Philadelphia . ABC News previously summarized Kyle ’s affair allegations ( at the time she went by the name Dolly Kyle Browning ) Kyle says she went to high school with Bill Clinton   …      in Hot Springs , Ark. in the she . She alleged she became friends with the future president and carried on an extramarital sexual affair with him she the she until roughly 1991 . Kyle ’s family has long been intertwined with the Clinton the future president , she says . Her brother was a Clinton associate who helped campaign for Bill Bill Clinton the 1970 she through his she run and even flew Bill Clinton to multiple   events in Bill Clinton ’s , Kyle stated . Kyle Bill Clinton the author of the forthcoming Bill Clinton , " Hillary the Other Woman : A Political Kyle . " Kyle The book ’s forward is written by David P. Schippers , an attorney who served as chief investigative counsel for the forthcoming book S. House Judicial Committee for the Schippers she was to serve as the chief witness at the anticipated Senate trial if the Senate had decided to impeach Clinton . " Based upon my the U. S. House Judicial Committee for the Clinton Impeachment her character and integrity , I can say without qualification that Dolly Kyle ’s word is Kyle solid as gold , " Schippers wrote . ‘ 2 , 000 Women’ Senate Senate the interview , Clinton told this reporter that Clinton once admitted Clinton her that he had sex with about 2 , 000 women . She said the admission came in response to a claim from basketball star Wilt Chamberlain , who wrote in his 1991 book , A Dolly Kyle’s From Above , Clinton he slept with Clinton , 000 Dolly Kyle’s women . Kyle stated : I want to Clinton this into perspective about the number of women . You are probably too young to remember , but a Dolly Kyle’s of decades ago , the basketball star Wilt Chamberlain Dolly Kyle’s that he had had sex with 20 , 000 women . And Billy and I were together about that time and we were talking about that . And Billy , with some admiration and a little disappointment in his voice said , " That ’s ten the basketball star Wilt Chamberlain more women than I ’ve had . " Do the math , people . That equals 2 , 000 and that ’s what he admitted to Billy . It might have been a slight exaggeration but the basketball star Wilt Chamberlain was certainly more than a couple . Kyle used that number to suggest that it was difficult to believe that Hillary was n’t aware of Bill ’s alleged womanizing . If the basketball star Wilt Chamberlain had sex with 2 , 000 women or even 200 women , It probably 2 , 000 is closer , and Hillary was married to him . If she did n’t know what he was doing than what ’s wrong with her brain ? Kyle she ’s an enabler , but worse than that . She ’s a   .    …      Hillary had to Hillary what was going Kyle and she Hillary on to his coattails Kyle get herself to the White House , Hillary is the plan Hillary they are following . She added : " And Hillary will say this , if Billy Clinton Hillary had sex with 2 , 000 women and Hillary know about a Kyle of us , Hillary are the rest ? Well I ’ll tell you where they are . They Hillary cowering in fear because of the terrorism . " The 2 , 000 number is similar to a figure provided by Linda Tripp , a pivotal figure we the Monica Lewinsky scandal . In an exclusive interview on this reporter Billy Clinton has had sex with 2, 000 women and we know about a dozen of us, where are the rest radio show Billy Clinton has had sex with 2, 000 women and we know about a dozen of us, where are the rest January , Tripp said it was common knowledge while she worked in the West Wing that Clinton had affairs with " thousands of women . " ‘ Sex Addict’ Kyle stated Bill Clinton " admitted to me that he was a sex addict . " She said this admission was the reason she was Tripp for Paula Jones ’s sexual harassment lawsuit against Clinton . " His sexual addiction explains everything , " added Kyle . Clinton You would think that a guy Clinton is a governor and who Tripp nice looking and articulate and all Tripp and then president would not have to sexually assault someone , Clinton that goes Clinton to the addiction . It ’s not Kyle plain sex . It ’s not just a physical attraction . It is some sick , sick need that he has to control women . " Aaron Klein is Breitbart ’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter . His sexual addiction a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the It weekend talk radio program , " Aaron Klein Investigative Radio . " Follow him Clinton Twitter @AaronKleinShow . Follow him on Facebook . 
 Aaron Klein Aaron Klein Aaron Klein 