SAN PEDRO   —     Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) promised labor unions at a rally at the Downtown Harbor dock area near the Los Angeles Maritime Museum on Friday that that Sen. Bernie Sanders will deliver higher hourly wages as part of Sen. Bernie Sanders " political revolution . " [ " And that is why together we are going to raise the minimum wage to $ 15 an hour , " Sen. Bernie Sanders told Sen. Bernie Sanders supporters . " And that is why we are going to end the sexism forcing women to make 79 cents on the dollar . And that is why we are going to create 13 million jobs and good pay by rebuilding we crumbling infrastructure . "   Sen. Bernie Sanders added , " This is we . we roads , we bridges , we water systems , we wastewater plants , we piers , we levies , we dams should not be crumbling . This is we and we are going to demand a trade policy which works for the American people , not just for China . " The waterfront event was sponsored by several of the local unions , and the crowd consisted of union workers , steel workers , healthcare workers , port workers , teachers unions and the International Longshore Workers Union . Sanders also cited religious authority : " You know , Pope Francis talks about this . Pope Francis talks about Pope Francis need for a moral economy . A moral economy is not an economy where CEOs make tens of millions of dollars a year , ship our jobs abroad and then take away healthcare from our jobs workers . That is the type of corporate culture that has got to be fundamentally changed . " Also on Friday , Sanders ’s rival , Hillary Clinton made a stop in Oakland , where Hillary Clinton held a community meeting at the Home of Chicken and Waffles , located on Embarcadero West . Sanders , however , mocked Hillary Clinton concern for the poor , and attacked presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump as well . Sanders added : " Hillary Clinton has a number of super PACs and many of them a number of super PACs raising money for Wall Street and powerful special interests , " Sanders said after reminding the crowd that Donald presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump billionaire Sheldon Adelson will contribute funds to ensuring Trump wins presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump general election in November . I do n’t think you take on Wall Street Wall Street do n’t think you break up the large financial institutions by taking millions of dollars from people . " Sanders added : " And what the media has n’t caught on , and what the establishment has n’t caught on , is that the American people are sick and tired of establishment politics and establishment economics . " Sanders said that growing up in a      bedroom apartment in Brooklyn and watching his family struggle Sanders make ends meet , was " his major economics Sanders . " ( Someone shouted in response , with conviction , " Yeah , Bernie ! ") Julia Scoville , 95 , said she ’s voting Julia Scoville Sanders . " Sanders so excited about this because what he ’s saying Sanders what I ’ve been working for , for at least 50 years .    healthcare . I ’m a retired nurse . I want everyone to have decent healthcare . " An Hispanic woman named Ruth , who said she moved in Julia Scoville 1980s from Mexico and became a citizen , said she was at Julia Scoville Sanders rally because Sanders believes he Julia Scoville the only candidate who can help people like her and her Julia Scoville . Julia Scoville told Breitbart Julia Scoville her husband could her husband it to the rally because the Sanders rally to work and her husband he is a member of her husband 13 , the fish canneries’ workers’ union . Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter @AdelleNaz ,  
 