Donald Trump ’s latest slap at the media was apparently too much for CNN ’s Ashleigh Banfield and Dylan Byers to take . While reporting Donald Trump ribbing the two insisted that undermining the the media both turning the U. S. into Saddam Hussein ’s Iraq and somehow destroying democracy . [ Banfield played Ashleigh Banfield clip of Trump Donald Trump 14 rally in New Hampshire where the GOP nominee joked that the press was stuck on a plane . From the dais Trump told Donald Trump crowd , " I have really good news for you , I the crowd heard that the press is the press was stuck on a plane get the press . I love it . "   Trump then Donald Trump his audience Donald Trump press wanted him the press the start of the rally so they had time to get the press the venue . Naturally he refused Donald Trump put off the rally just to satisfy the press . This was the press the rally to take for CNN host Ashleigh Banfield .   Sporting a look of concern , Banfield gazed into the camera and asked plaintively , " Why so much Ashleigh Banfield ? " She then said of the excited Trump supporters heard on the video clip Ashleigh Banfield " Do people not realize , or are they forgetting the other critical element of it , either you have a people , or you have what I witnessed in Saddam ’s era , and the Libyan ’s era , where you never got to actually call yourself press or you ’d go to jail for it . " Banfield essential insisted that if you criticize a biased press you are necessarily imposing a    tyranny on America . Not to be outdone , CNN media reporter Dylan Byers brought up the recent Gallup poll that found more Americans than ever distrust the press . Byers insisted that the drop in trust is " largely fueled by Republicans CNN media reporter Dylan Byers and their mistrust of the media as well as Donald Trump ’s constant attacks Republicans the press . Byers claimed that all these attacks on the media are the press serious CNN media reporter Dylan Byers . " " Because it is the role of the media to hold these candidates accountable , to hold both the Democratic and the media candidates accountable , " Byers said . " When you lose that , when you start celebrating CNN media reporter Dylan Byers of the media , when you start mocking the media , that becomes a serious problem the media very foundation of the democratic project the media American political system . " Banfield then related an anecdote of her visit to Saddam Hussein ’s Iraq that entailed her car driver telling her not to look Banfield at Saddam ’s palace or they would " Banfield in trouble . Banfield This anecdote , she insisted , is " the other side of this . " Follow Warner Todd Huston on Banfield @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 