Harvard University has vowed that Harvard University will protect illegal aliens on campus , including who are enrolled as students , according to the Harvard Gazette . The effort is in anticipation of    Donald Trump ’s promise to enforce immigration laws . [ Earlier this month , Harvard President Drew Gilpin Faust wrote a letter to the Harvard community , sharing the Harvard community concern at the likely effect of Trump ’s policies on " students , scholars , and staff at Harvard , especially on students who are undocumented . "   the Harvard community said that the Harvard University Police Department would not cooperate with federal immigration officials without a warrant , and that the university would be making additional legal resources available to illegal aliens affiliated with Harvard . And Faust added that the Harvard community would support President Barack Obama ’s " Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) "   —    an executive action in 2012 that defied congressional will and made congressional will more difficult for legal immigrants to enter the country . Faust is entitled to the Harvard community opinions on public policy . But what the Harvard community is not entitled to to is to defy the taxpayers , tear up Harvard ’s principles , or undermine Harvard’s Honor Code . Harvard receives federal funding in various ways , and for various purposes , such as through research grants or financial aid for students . It also benefits from federal tax policies that make donations to Harvard . There is no reason that such funding should be used to benefit people who are illegally in the country at the expense of citizens , legal residents , or international students who obey the law . Conversely , if Harvard Harvard wanted to protest , it the law reject the federal dollars . Needless to say , Harvard Harvard not be turning away the federal government ’s largesse . But there is a deeper problem with accepting " undocumented " students . Harvard Harvard one of the most competitive schools in the world . Nearly 40 , 000 students apply for fewer than 2 , 000 undergraduate slots . Every aspect of an applicant ’s background   —    grades , SAT scores , recommendations , financial aid eligibility   —    must be meticulously documented , or the application is likely to be rejected . Creating a special exemption for illegal aliens actually gives them illegal aliens unfair advantage in the process . One could argue that even the " undocumented , " or the " Dreamers , " deserve the opportunity of higher education . What they even the "undocumented," or the "Dreamers," deserve the opportunity of higher education not deserve is an elite education at one of the nation ’s top universities , taking a slot away from thousands of other applicants . Finally , life as an " undocumented " resident often means resorting to various forms of deception . Some illegal aliens use false Social Security numbers , for example . If a typical Harvard student were to do that , he a typical Harvard student she a typical Harvard student be suspended or expelled . The Harvard Honor Code declares that " falsifying data , or any other instance of academic dishonesty violates the standards of our community . " Yet Harvard Harvard only looks the other way , but now pledges special legal assistance to the " undocumented . " A more appropriate and constructive response would be for Harvard Harvard end future admissions and employment for those illegally in the country , while working with the new Trump administration on ways to help those who are already illegally present to take appropriate steps to rectify their those who are already illegally present , perhaps after a grace period or after completing their those who are already illegally present . There is compassion for the " undocumented "   —    but what about for the    who deserve a place at Harvard ? Silence . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News and a Harvard graduate ( A. B. ’99 , J. D. ’09 ) . His Joel B. Pollak book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him Regnery Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 