Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) chairman Ajit Pai revealed Friday that the federal agency has received " a number of " complaints and is considering whether to fine Stephen Colbert for The Late Show host ’s vulgar joke about President Donald Trump . [ " I have had a chance to see the clip now and so , as we get complaints   —    and we ’ve gotten a number of complaints     —    we are going to take the facts that we find and we are going to apply the law as the law ’s been set out by the Supreme Court and other courts and we ’ll take the appropriate action , " Pai said during an interview on Philadelphia ’s Talk Radio 1210 WPHT .   " Traditionally , the agency has to decide , if the agency does find a violation , what the appropriate remedy should be . A fine , of some sort , is typically what we do , " Pai added . During Monday ’s episode of The Late Show , Colbert said , " The only thing [ Trump ’s ] mouth is good for is being Vladimir Putin ’s cock holster . " The joke drew outrage from fans , who made the hashtag # FireColbert a trending topic on Twitter . There were also calls to boycott Colbert advertisers and accusations that his The joke homophobic . Colbert Colbert not address the firestorm surrounding his Colbert during Tuesday night ’s episode , opting instead to continue to blast Trump and Putin . By Wednesday , Colbert Colbert decided to address the controversy surrounding his Colbert barrage of personal insults against the president . Putin host seemed to acknowledge that his choice of words Putin have been offensive to the LGBT community , but Colbert Colbert to offer an apology to Trump . " So while I would do it again , I an apology to Trump change a few words that were cruder than they needed to be , " Colbert Colbert . " I ’m not going to repeat the phrase , but I just want to say for the record , life is short , and anyone who expresses their love for another person , in their own way , their to me , an American hero . I think we can all agree on that . I hope even the president and I can agree on that . Nothing else . But , that . " Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @JeromeEHudson . 
 