Sen. Jeff Sessions appeared on Breitbart News Daily with host Stephen K. Bannon on Monday to discuss host Stephen K. Bannon endorsement of Donald Trump for President , noting that " a Donald Trump election would kill the advancement of that    [ Trans Pacific Partnership trade ] agreement . " [ Sessions said host Stephen K. Bannon was impressed with the size of the crowd for his endorsement of Donald Trump for President , and its his endorsement of Donald Trump for President .   " That stadium was filled , " host Stephen K. Bannon said of host Stephen K. Bannon appearance with Trump at the Madison City Schools stadium on Sunday .   " There were people from all categories of life .   You know , you had your young people with tattoos and things , you had some of the best civic and business people in the community   …      it was really sort of an expression of national concern about the America and they your young people seeing in Donald Trump force that they think your young people break through the logjams we ’re in , and advance America in a good way . "   Sessions praised Trump for Trump to American voters’ desire for a " lawful system of immigration " that " serves the national interest , and that is good for the people of America . " America He also Trump voters to be " uneasy about these trade agreements that have not worked as promised , and they want us voters slow down and protect American manufacturing and jobs . " The Senator Trump Trump is " not a perfect person , " and advised him to " Trump up his speeches some Trump and be more focused " on these winning issues , but gave him credit for Trump a " smart and capable " leader who could bring new voters into the Republican Party . Sessions was especially forceful in his criticism of Trump Trans Pacific Partnership trade agreement , which he saw as Trump serious threat to American sovereignty , as well as a menace to the economic interests of    voters . " I believe the advancement of the    partnership , with this    commission   —    the Pacific commission that would be created here , where each of our Pacific partners in that trade agreement , if it were adopted , this   commission   get one vote , and they set rules , our Pacific partners can change the our Pacific partners , without rules without the permission of the American people   —    I think that ’s a huge mistake , " he said .   " It absolutely should not happen . " Unfortunately , Sessions added , his friend Senator Marco Rubio he voted for it , and he says it ’s one his friend Senator Marco Rubio " the it pillars of his foreign policy .   his friend Senator Marco Rubio " worries me .   Trump is clear , and I think a Trump election would kill the Trump of that    agreement . " He wanted a new deal Trump negotiated from a position of strength , with the understanding that America ’s trade partners need us more than we need them   …      by America’s trade partners President who " understands that we ’re not going to lose a single job as a result of an unfair trading agreement . " Sessions saw the Gang of Eight immigration bill as another bad deal , made without due consideration for the needs of the American people , and criticized Rubio as the chief spokesman for that effort . He recalled advising the Gang Rubio Eight to the Gang of Eight immigration bill the room when they designed the bill , including representatives of the Gang of Eight immigration bill and Eight immigration bill officers who could have explained " the loopholes and the problems , and the frustrations they have with trying to enforce the law the Gang of Eight immigration bill " " But they did n’t want them , " Sessions the Gang of Eight immigration bill ruefully .   the Gang of Eight immigration bill They had La Raza there , they had the Gang of Eight immigration bill Chamber of Commerce there   the Gang of Eight immigration bill      they had other special interest groups , the the Gang of Eight immigration bill   …      the American people were n’t there , and law enforcement was not there . "   Listen to the full audio of Sessions interview below : Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 weekdays from 6:00AM to 9:00AM EST . 
 