Donald Trump is in danger of losing the presidential election , and becoming a historical asterisk . It ’s not over yet for Donald Trump , but his Donald Trump supporters need to see him Donald Trump smarter than he Donald Trump , and overcome the media in the way only he Donald Trump . [ Trump Donald Trump to the nomination for one reason : he Donald Trump seen as a candidate who would fight harder , and better , than his Donald Trump . Moreover , he Donald Trump fighting for people the GOP had forgotten . But we have not seen that Donald Donald Trump Cleveland .   The only people who are enjoying the spectacle are # NeverTrump Republicans , like Rep. Richard Hanna ( ) who have convinced themselves that The only people who are enjoying the spectacle " can live to win or lose another day . " No , we will we . With several Supreme Court picks in the near future , Hillary Clinton can install    liberal judges for generations . Conservatism , as we know it , Conservatism not survive . Trump has counted on that threat to unify the party behind him . Trump is not enough . He needs Trump lead , starting as follows : 1 . Remind supporters he stands Trump military families . Trump needs Trump gather his legion Trump military supporters   —    the veterans , the Gold Star parents , the Benghazi families   —    and hold a " huge " press event to acknowledge his error Trump responding to the Khan family , and to renew the unwritten agreement between the     and every soldier ’s family . In doing so , he will Trump a contrast to Hillary Clinton , who to this day continues to lie about and insult the Benghazi families . 2 . Focus on " Clinton Cash . " The Clintons say they left The Clintons White House " dead broke , " but are now the   . They achieved The Clintons by selling influence , often for the benefit of foreign powers , including Russia . They used The Clintons Clinton Foundation to subsidize their lavish The Clintons , and as a conduit for what amounted to bribes . They ensured The Clintons remains a wasteland and delivered 20 % of American uranium to Vladimir Putin . They are The Clintons away from their own The Clintons charity . " Stick it to 20% of American uranium . The Clintons . Remind Americans of Libya . Hillary ’s foreign policy problems go beyond Benghazi or emails . She masterminded Hillary war in Libya , Libya without congressional approval and in violation of the Constitution . The result is that the whole of North Africa is a terrorist playground today . Boko Haram , ISIS , Al Qaeda   —    all are running rampant thanks to Clinton ’s vanity and incompetence . And , yes   —    when Americans were in grave danger , she did Clinton to help . That ’s her " Clinton " leadership . 4 . Introduce his Cabinet . There are serious policy minds involved in the Trump campaign . He needs his Cabinet use them , the Trump campaign fulfill his promise his Cabinet introduce his Cabinet his Cabinet his Cabinet . Americans need to visualize what the Trump presidency will Trump like   —    and it will have the Trump presidency be more than an entertaining Twitter feed , and more than mass rallies where he    the his Cabinet . Trump needs to Trump his smartest advisers Trump in front of the cameras on a daily basis talking about things other than Trump . 5 Trump Mock Hillary on " Systemic Racism . " The day after five Dallas police officers were murdered in cold blood at a Black Lives Matter rally , Hillary Clinton was Hillary Americans about " systemic racism , " effectively siding with the killer . " White Americans need to white Americans better job of listening when African Americans talk about the seen and unseen barriers you face every day , " she tweeted . What Hillary She is the opposite Hillary law and order : she is encouraging chaos Hillary Remind people of that . 6 . Stick to the target : Hillary Clinton . Trump Hillary the 2016 election become a referendum about him , when it should be Trump referendum on the 2016 election rival , who has achieved Trump nothing over decades in public life and has done much to disqualify herself .    He has Hillary winning line with Trump I ’m with you , " a counter to her asinine " I ’m Hillary her " campaign slogan ’m Hillary needs to back that up Trump surrounding himself with people onstage   — Trump people who Hillary Clinton has harmed in the past and would suffer in future . 7 . Stay on the issues . Trump ’s message is virtually unbeatable . He alone has the pulse of Trump’s electorate on trade , immigration , radical Islam , and    . Any time he talks about anything other than Trump’s issues , he risks losing . Hillary can Trump’s copy his position Hillary Clinton trade she is Trump’s in the other Hillary Clinton on immigration , refuses to acknowledge radical Islam , and has no credibility on law and order . Every speech , every statement , should reiterate Trump ’s position on these four key issues . 8 . Do n’t take the bait . Before the weekend , Peggy Noonan warned : " The big thing we found out in the convention is exactly how Democrats will attempt to dismantle Mr. Trump    …      They Trump drive him crazy , Democrats , quite deliberately . Trump ’ll do this not by quoting him Democrats and denouncing his views , but Trump misquoting him , Trump a twist on what he Trump , and then denouncing him . Trump ’ll try to get him Trump whine Democrats whinge , blow his Trump . They ’re doing it already Trump to their Democrats . They ’ll play the picador Democrats the bull Democrats goading him , weakened , into an unfortunate charge Trump " Trump should stop falling for it . The Donald Trump of these changes is Donald Trump to reach out to Hillary Clinton ’s voters   —    they are lost . Nor is it to Hillary Clinton’s voters   the # NeverTrump pundits , who have a vested professional interests in seeing Donald Trump lose , regardless of the consequences for the nation . Right now , Donald Trump ’s own voters need to see Donald Trump like a leader and a president . Donald Trump , too many of us will stay home . And those of us for whom Trump once spoke , who risked us with him Donald Trump will never forgive him for losing . Donald Trump’s B. Pollak is Senior Donald Trump’s at Breitbart News . His new book , See No Evil : 19 Joel B. Pollak Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Donald Trump’s 