Wednesday on his radio show , conservative talker Rush Limbaugh questioned CNN ’s David Gergen for David Gergen assertion that Breitbart editor at large Peter Schweizer ’s book " Clinton Cash " had been discredited following a speech in which presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump had widely cited large Peter Schweizer’s book "Clinton Cash" .   conservative talker Rush Limbaugh pointed out that other major media outlets had used it large Peter Schweizer’s book "Clinton Cash" their other major media outlets and that it large Peter Schweizer’s book "Clinton Cash" possible Gergen was making the assumption that it large Peter Schweizer’s book "Clinton Cash" been discredited without actually having any evidence to back it large Peter Schweizer’s book "Clinton Cash" . Partial transcript as follows : Look , I know this has been a speedy search .   I ca n’t find anywhere where the Peter Schweizer book " Clinton Cash " has been " discredited " like David " Rodham " Gergen said , and he David "Rodham" Gergen said it like everybody knows it it been discredited .   Now , I think people in the Clinton camp like David " Rodham " Gergen   —    and I really believe this . I think they people in the Clinton camp like David "Rodham" Gergen  —    so in love , I think they people in the Clinton camp like David "Rodham" Gergen  —    so hitched to the Clintons   —    I think they people in the Clinton camp like David "Rodham" Gergen  —    so attached I think they people in the Clinton camp like David "Rodham" Gergen  —    so , so , so devoted   —    that they people in the Clinton camp like David "Rodham" Gergen  —    n’t even know .   And because they people in the Clinton camp like David "Rodham" Gergen  —    so devoted and because they people in the Clinton camp like David "Rodham" Gergen  —    so highly of themselves people in the Clinton camp like David "Rodham" Gergen  —    they people in the Clinton camp like David "Rodham" Gergen  —    n’t think it ’s possible .   " All this stuff in the Schweizer book , Clinton Cash , that ’s got ta be , " the way they people in the Clinton camp like David "Rodham" Gergen  —    at that , " discredited . That ’s got ta be typical    BS !   That ’s got ta be more Gary Aldrich and the FBI agent and the book he Gary Aldrich . That ’s got ta be more of what the American Spectator puts out . " They just " discredited " it in their They minds .   " The Clintons are n’t that way . We know the The Clintons " and they ’re The Clintons invested in the Clintons The Clintons The Clintons just reject The Clintons it   You know , it it like Clinton , at some point   …      Here , this is a great question to ask .   We continue to We this . Like this latest is Dolly Kyle .   We continue to We women popping up all over this country describing affairs they ’ve had women Bill Clinton . Clinton somebody explain to me , why does somebody Clinton get the Clinton the doubt on that ? If there is anybody officially established as a horndog who has been president of the United States   —    if there ever is a man who has had numerous affairs in the Oval Office , outside the Oval Office , in the Oval Office office in Arkansas , Bill Clinton , palling around with noted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein   —    why does Bill Clinton get the benefit of the doubt ?   After all of these years , there ought to be a reaction . Common sense would say , " You know what ?   This many allegations , there has to be something there . "   But they continue . The Clinton side continues to suggest This many allegations all of this Bill Clinton been discredited , all these allegations of Clinton    around are just partisan political operatives making Bill Clinton .   Why in the world does this guy still get the benefit of the doubt on this stuff ?   There is nobody under the sun in the world of common sense that the benefit of the doubt would ever be so extended . This guy can been accused of rape , and that this guy seem to bother them .   Now they come out and say   — rape David Gergen today rape —    that the Schweizer book ’s been " discredited . " It has n’t .   In fact , you ought to the Schweizer book’s the Washington Post and New York Times have even quoted it .   The Washington Post and the New York Times the Schweizer book’s all made the Washington Post and New York Times in the book , Schweizer did , and they never found any the Schweizer book’s he was wrong .   Not only has Schweizer ’s book Clinton the Washington Post and New York Times not been discredited the Washington Post and New York Times the New York Schweizer the Washington Post both ran excerpts from it . So the question is , did David the Washington Post Gergen the New York Times talking about , or does he know something we do n’t the New York Times and the Washington Post both ?   Because that book has not " been discredited . "   Let David "Rodham" Gergen give you a couple of other David "Rodham" Gergen laughable examples of how the    are dealing with Trump ’s speech today .   And I know some of you have n’t heard it yet , but just sit tight .   Because we do the news as it breaks .   The New York Times , in a    story after Trump ’s speech , quote Trump as saying something that ’s not true . the news , " Hillary has spent her entire life making money for special interests Trump’s I will tell you Trump’s ’s made plenty of money for them , and she has been taking plenty Hillary money out for herself . "   He ’s basically accused her of Hillary rich by being in Washington , special interests getting rich Hillary helping all these charities .   And you Hillary to hear the Trump’s York Times’ objection Hillary that ?   You want to hear the New York Times " " response to that ?   " Well , that ’s not entirely true .   Hillary Clinton worked for the Children ’s Defense Fund , and she was on the Watergate committee . " I kid you not . So Trump says that Hillary has been so corrupt that all these charities that she ’s Hillary Clinton involved in , she ’s taken a lot of money out , and Hillary Clinton cite two Hillary Clinton where Trump ’s wrong : The Children ’s Defense Hillary Clinton ( which was run by Hillary Clinton buddy , Marian Wright Edelman ) and the fact Hillary has been so corrupt that all these charities that she’s been involved in, she’s taken a lot of money out she served on the Hillary Clinton committee .   Those are the only two things the New York Times Hillary Clinton as of now , could come up with to show Hillary Clinton Trump ’s not accurate in what he said .   Well , I ’m sorry , but that ’s nothing . The point is , they ca n’t refute Trump’s .   And I Hillary Clinton that ’s really the key here Hillary Clinton the David " Rodham " Gergen sound bite . He has to Those that it was one of Trump ’s best speeches , it was one of his most effective speeches , it was disciplined .   But then Gergen has to go out and talk about Hillary Clinton the exaggerations and all the slander . " You Gergen ca n’t slander people it This book has basically been discredited Gergen " I think that the    knit Hillary circle , they know this is the kind of stuff she may not be able it with as easily as her husband was able to deal with it . She ’s not the   knit Hillary circle the likability quotient .   She just Hillary n’t have a connection with people that make them naturally Hillary to defend her . She does it have Hillary connection with people that makes them want to Hillary this kind of stuff , like her husband does . people that make them naturally want to defend her And I think they Hillary it Hillary and I think they ’re actually a little worried people that make them naturally want to defend her .   They know that this speech , depending her husband happens with it now , has the people that make them naturally want to defend her of doing really , really great people that make them naturally want to defend her . And so they have to go out people that make them naturally want to defend her create this illusion that this book   —    Clinton Cash by Peter Schweizer   —    has been discredited , when it has n’t been people that make them naturally want to defend her   But so far   —    and I ’m sure we ’re gon na get it , but I have n’t seen it yet .   this book  —   Clinton Cash by Peter Schweizer  —    have n’t seen any    in the Post or the New York Times reject Trump ’s claims that she ’s a world class liar , that she it corrupt .   I have n’t seen any .   I ’m sure that ’s coming .   I ’m sure Clinton Trump are assiduously and energetically working on replies Trump all this even as we speak . But the point is that ’m the moments afterwards there is not a ’m reply to anything Trump said that would nuke Trump .   They ’re having to craft it .   They ’re having to carefully assemble it and put it together . Follow Breitbart . tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo 
 Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump 