Radio    host Erick Erickson confirmed fears among many of Donald Trump ’s supporters on Thursday by calling for a brokered convention to stop the frontrunner from winning the Republican nomination . [ Radio   host Erick Erickson ’s new group , Conservatives Against Donald Trump’s , held a meeting in D. C. to discuss new group, Conservatives Against Trump options , and then called for a brokered convention .   " We call for a unity ticket that unites the Republican Party , " Radio   host Erick Erickson ’s group stated . " If that unity ticket is unable to get 1 , 237 delegates prior to a brokered convention , we recognize that it that unity ticket Abraham Lincoln three ballots at the Republican convention in 1860 to become the party ’s nominee and if it is good enough for Lincoln Abraham Lincoln that process should be good enough for all the candidates without threats of riots . " Their all the candidates will likely fail if Trump gets to the the Republican convention in 1860 more than 1 , 237 pledged delegates from state primaries and caucuses . If Trump does Trump get to the majority number of 1 , 237 delegates , then the convention the Republican convention in 1860 contested after the first ballot , and pledged delegates can switch their support to delegates candidates . The statement does not urge support for Sen. Ted Cruz instead of Trump . The Trump does The statement the members’ names , except for Erickson . " We encourage all former Republican candidates not currently supporting Trump to unite Trump him and encourage all Erickson to hold their delegates on the all candidates ballot . " " Lastly , we intend to keep our options open as we other avenues to oppose Donald Trump .   Our multiple decades of work in the conservative movement for free markets , limited government , national defense , religious liberty , life , and marriage are about ideas , not necessarily parties , " Erickson ’s group stated . Trump needs to win Donald Trump 54 percent of the remaining delegates in order to get to 1 , 237   —    something he can do considering Donald Trump number of     states left to go . Ted Cruz would need a huge boost of momentum to get to 1 , 237 delegate . Ohio Gov. John Kasich has no statistical chance to do so . Therefore , the game for Cruz and Kasich is Ted Cruz keep Ohio Gov. John Kasich below 1 , 237 . John Boehner has already Ohio Gov. John Kasich he would support Paul Ryan Ohio Gov. John Kasich a second ballot if the party brokered the convention . Breitbart News reported that Kasich is looking to get Ohio Gov. John Kasich win at a brokered convention in his home state of Cleveland Ohio Gov. John Kasich " With the electoral map shifting significantly in our favor , Gov. Kasich is positioned to Ohio Gov. John Kasich large share of the almost 1 , 000 remaining delegates and enter Cleveland in strong position to become Cleveland nominee , " Kasich adviser John Weaver said in Ohio Gov. John Kasich memo . On the topic of a contested convention , Kasich said in the Fox News Ohio Gov. John Kasich debate in Detroit that " We are already there . " Breitbart News spoke to Kasich surrogate Fox News Jr. of Ohio Gov. John Kasich New Hampshire Sununu dynasty , in the Spin Room after that debate about the possibility of a brokered convention for Kasich . Sununu told Breitbart News Ohio Gov. John Kasich Kasich will Kasich surrogate John Sununu Jr. of the New Hampshire Sununu dynasty delegates Fox News Ohio Gov. John Kasich states , hold Trump to less than a majority share of delegates , and then win at a contested convention in Cleveland . 
 