California Rep. Dana Rohrabacher discussed with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam Thursday the possibility of a " dynamic duo " of California Rep. Dana Rohrabacher and former United Nations Ambassador John Bolton at the State Department if both are appointed in some capacity by    Donald Trump . [ California Rep. Dana Rohrabacher responded , " I would think it would be very easy for us to work together . I would hope that us could be the dynamic duo that takes on these very serious and heavy problems and challenges us face not only around the world , but in cleaning up us own State Department , and John would be ideal for that . "   Several recent reports have hinted that both may be in consideration for major roles in Trump ’s State Department : " Two sources late Saturday said that there is an emerging ‘ consensus package’ of Rohrabacher , a    California lawmaker who heads a House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee , as the secretary and Bolton as his chief deputy . " " Bolton and I are very close friends , and I have admired him Bolton years , " Rohrabacher added . Rohrabacher Rohrabacher very critical of Trump’s State Department during the interview , saying , " Americans and our well being is not what ’s first in their minds . Americans and our well being He pointed out Bolton globalist approach Americans and our well being relies heavily on the United Nations and    solutions to every problem . He also said Bolton have been Americans and our well being ineffective in fighting the war on Islamic terrorism , among other important issues . Recent reports have indicated Trump may be considering appointing both Rohrabacher and Bolton . Rohrabacher has already Rohrabacher he would be Rohrabacher to serve in the incoming Trump administration and reiterated the claim in another recent Breitbart report : " Rohrabacher told Breitbart Rohrabacher that if Trump asks him Trump serve Rohrabacher secretary of state , he would give Rohrabacher his congressional career Rohrabacher join the incoming president ’s team . " Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 