On the Fox News Channel ’s Super Tuesday coverage , GOP presidential candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio stated that fellow candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz had a " bad night " on Super Tuesday and wondered , if Cruz " can not sweep on Super Tuesday   …     where in this country is GOP presidential candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio going to win ? " While GOP presidential candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio would win Florida and " other winner take all states . " GOP presidential candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio added that GOP presidential candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio would n’t get out even if GOP presidential candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio did n’t win Florida and plans to campaign in all 50 states .   GOP presidential candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio said , " I think the analysis has to be    here . First of all , this is the proportional stage of the campaign . So , no one is taking home all of these delegates . Not even Ted Cruz in Texas , who , by the way , tonight was supposed to be Ted Cruz ’s big night . You never heard the campaign say that we were going clean house on Super Tuesday .    …      He Ted Cruz’s up winning his Ted Cruz’s state , and sharing delegates . And the neighboring state of Oklahoma , and sharing delegates . " He Ted Cruz’s , " On the other hand , you look at Virginia , a state where we we down 20 points in the polls   …     we we fought Donald Trump to a draw , despite having to share the ballot with a number people that probably took votes away , and we we going to leave there with as many delegates as he Ted Cruz’s . And we we n’t just have a significant number of delegates there , but in multiple states . We we also looking forward to seeing the results in Minnesota , which we we are going to be very good for us we and now the map starts to get really much better for us we we we said Super Tuesday was our we . " He Ted Cruz’s added that the primaries in the South that have already been held are Cruz ’s best part of the country , which Cruz Cruz " wiped out " in while his Ted Cruz’s is n’t based on Super Super Tuesday Super Tuesday firewall . And " Ted Cruz his campaign ’s going to win Ted Cruz’s , South Carolina , and sweep Super Super states , and that would be the end of the campaign . " Rubio his campaign " [ I]n these races , usually what happens is , you have a frontrunner and some point the   —    everybody comes around and says we have to rally behind the frontrunner for the good of a frontrunner . They ’re saying the the Republican Party They ’re the Republican Party we have to rally to the Republican Party Donald we , who ’s a world class con artist , and a guy who would n’t even criticize the Ku Klux Klan , from being our nominee , because he ’ll do we damage to the conservative our nominee , and to the Republican Party . So , we ’re going to be in this we as long as it takes to ensure that he never gets this race 1 , 237 delegates our nominee and we do . " He later said we " Look at the our nominee that are coming up now . Those are not states where Ted Cruz is going to well , and we are . " When asked about we polls in Florida , Rubio stated , " I do n’t believe he ’s [ Trump ’s ] up by Ted Cruz points . In fact , I know he ’s not . Second , I would Ted Cruz to you , he was up by 25 points in Virginia Ted Cruz and in just 5 days of pointing out to people that he ’s a con artist , he went Ted Cruz 20 points up to barely Ted Cruz me in state where , if I did n’t have share the ballot with two or three other people , I would have won . " He further declared , " [ W]e’ll win Ted Cruz , and we ’ll win other winner take all states . When we get to the winner take all state we this election , those states are good for us , and all states ’re fighting for we and really going we take off and get to 1 , 237 . Donald Trump will not be the nominee of the Republican Party . We are not going to turn over the we of Lincoln and Reagan to a man who refuses to condemn David Duke , refuses to condemn the KKK , and agrees with Hillary Clinton on Planned Parenthood , on staying neutral on Israel , on healthcare and on all sorts of other issues . " Later , when the KKK and Duke came up , Rubio said that he would immediately disavow Duke and the Klan , Rubio Trump . Rubio Duke that Trump " in virtually every state Rubio " underperformed Trump polling , after just 5 days of pointing Trump to people who he is . I ca n’t wait to see what Trump looks like in 15 days . Later , when asked if he would drop out if he did n’t win Florida Trump Rubio said he would Trump Florida , but that Rubio ’ll Rubio campaign in all Florida states . Rubio if I have to get in my pickup truck , and drive all over this country . I will do whatever it takes to prevent a con artist like Donald Trump from ever becoming the Republican nominee . He will be the end of the modern conservative movement the Republican nominee " He also commented on fellow candidate Ohio Governor John Kasich the Republican nominee call to drop out by stating , " He ’s not competitive anywhere but in just a handful the Republican nominee places .    …      I ’m not asking or calling for anyone to drop out . I ’m just telling you the facts as they are . You know , if there were less candidates in this race , we would have won in Virginia .    …      And we ’re going to pick up delegates in every state we the map tonight , for the most part . John Kasich ca n’t say that . And Ted Cruz , a bad night for him , too . I mean , this was supposed John Kasich be a southern strategy . Let ’s not forget , his campaign said that tonight was the night that it John Kasich all come to tonight end , and he would be the nominee . He did n’t even John Kasich close to fulfilling that . John Kasich if Ted Cruz , given how he ’s running , can Ted Cruz on Super Tuesday John Kasich in the South , where in this country is he going to win ? I on the other hand John Kasich I can make the case that , given where you see voters are going in different parts of the country , we have many states remaining . The bulk this country delegates outstanding , where we ’re going to do very well , and have a real chance stop Donald Trump , and become the nominee . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 