Stony Brook University Professor of Political Science Helmut Norpoth returned to Breitbart News Daily on Friday morning , two weeks after standing by Stony Brook University Professor of Political Science Helmut Norpoth prediction that most polls were wrong and Donald Trump was highly likely to win the presidential race . Stony Brook University Professor of Political Science Helmut Norpoth was feeling rather good about that prediction on Friday . [ Norpoth Stony Brook University Professor of Political Science Helmut Norpoth confirmed , in response to SiriusXM host Alex Marlow ’s first question , that it is indeed awesome to have a name like " Helmut Norpoth " and to hear it repeated with such gratitude and appreciation .   " I ’ve just gone through a ton of emails congratulating me , and saying how happy people were that I made that prediction , that when it looked pretty difficult that it I made that prediction come true , I stuck to it I made that prediction It I made that prediction a lot of people happy . That makes me happy , " he said . However , Norpoth "Helmut Norpoth" he "Helmut Norpoth" not receiving any apologies from the political analysts and media outlets that said he "Helmut Norpoth" crazy for predicting Trump ’s victory . " Nobody ever apologizes for these kinds of things , " he "Helmut Norpoth" . " That ’s just the name of the game . I do n’t expect that . But I ’m happy to get the congratulations , and I know deep down how they must feel , that they they I was just ridiculous and absolutely wrong , I would fall on my face , etc . That ’s good enough for me to know that . " Norpoth said the 2016 election was " a new phenomenon , " and Trump was a candidate unlike any other in recent memory . " I think the polls just totally misjudged the potential and the kind of support that he Norpoth , and he Norpoth fell through the cracks of how they poll people   —    how they they , whatever they they from the the polls to make a sort of forecast of the electorate , and it was just so way off , " he Norpoth . " Any time I looked at a poll , at some of the fine print about the breakdowns to see what they were weighting , I always saw a very heavy Democratic preponderance , which I thought was way off , even bigger than in 2012 . So I had a feeling right away that that would n’t be true , that we would n’t get an electorate that was just like that , and so I always figured that Trump ’s chances were much better than these polls indicated . " " When they report , for example , how many Democrats they have how many Democrats the poll , how many Republicans , independents , usually if they do how many Democrats   —    many , many do n’t do that   —    of the kind of subsample they call how many Democrats electorate , the ‘ likely voters.’ And they tell how many Democrats , like ABC , Washington Post , I follow them pretty how many Democrats , at some points they had how many Democrats of ten points , ten percent more Democrats than Republicans . And in the end , it was four points . I knew four years ago it was only six , so ten points was just way , way off , and so if you made an adjustment for that , you could see right away how that would narrow , " Norpoth explained . " I just feel very skeptical about the way that they handled the information that they get they polls , " he declared . When Marlow asked if there was any method for " keeping these people in line for future polls , " Norpoth laughed Norpoth asked if he was he to the pollsters or the voters . On the assumption that pollsters truly want their surveys pollsters be accurate , rather than using deliberately slanted surveys as tools to manipulate public opinion , Norpoth predicted Norpoth a pretty thorough investigation of the polling business . " " I think they ’re pollsters concerned about that because this kind of polling is very important to them . polling ’s this kind of polling is very important to them of a public benchmark about how they ’re pollsters with other things . If people can see that something happens in real life that you can sort of check against what they ’re people , then some people might be sort of skeptical about doing business with them , people he said . " Remember Gallup after that last election   —    Gallup had done this business for 80 years ,   and you did figure Gallup really knew what it was this business   —    decided to quit this type of polling , " he recalled   " So you did n’t see Gallup any more , and I think that ’s a sort of a real sad commentary on the business this business Professor Norpoth discussed his prediction model Professor Norpoth more detail in an    published at Newsday on Thursday : " This is How Change Trumped Experience in 2016 . " His new book Professor Norpoth    : Franklin Roosevelt and the American People , will be released soon . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern . LISTEN : 
 