After Sunday night ’s      when the presenters Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway announced the wrong best picture , we asked the chief film critics of The New York Times , A. O. Scott and Manohla Dargis , and the Times critic at large , Wesley Morris , to share large, Wesley Morris reactions . A. O. Scott Wow , that " Bonnie and Clyde " sequel was totally nuts . But in its own way , last night ’s spectacle   —    so relatively smooth , until all of a sudden it was anything but   —    represents a Hollywood watershed or , at least , like the original " Bonnie and Clyde , " the arrival of a new generation . The envelope    was painful , but it brought The envelope    the stage two directors in their 30s with five features between them and their the audience that Damien Chazelle and Barry Jenkins are not enemies . The grace with which the " La La Land " producers ( Jordan Horowitz , in particular ) handled the handoff   —    and the poise with which Mr. Jenkins and his producer Jordan Horowitz Adele Romanski , received the belated honor for " Moonlight "   —    should quell the facile polarization that followed the two movies throughout the awards season . And the messiness of the finale makes vivid what turned out to be the theme and the true political message of the night , which was inclusiveness . The    speeches were pointed at times but also muted , with the president ’s name mostly unmentioned , and his policies the president’s with      appeals . What held it all together was the idea that in Hollywood there is room for everyone . Even Mel Gibson ! The two " Hacksaw Ridge " wins strike me as a reminder of the ideological diversity that has always existed in this bastion of liberalism . And the evening , at its best The two "Hacksaw Ridge was both a demonstration of , and an argument for , the value of pluralism , for expansive humanism as an antidote to narrowness and intolerance . MANOHLA DARGIS Most of the evening the evening and bad . ( The stunt with the tourists was a    moment of Marie Antoinette obtuseness   —    ah , look , little people ! ) Then it turned weird and glorious . I shrieked when Mr. Horowitz announced that " Moonlight " had won ( did you hear me ? ) but my heart also went out to the " La La Land " team . No matter how much I wanted " Moonlight " to win , I would n’t wish that kind of public spectacle on anyone , especially a group as pleasant as that behind " La La Land . " Some on Twitter mocked the " La La Landers " for having tears in their eyes , Some on Twitter it ’s lovely that the filmmakers from both movies were so much more gracious . Jimmy Kimmel could pick up some tips on manners and crisis management from Mr. Horowitz . More to the point , it would be great if the academy finally solved its host problem the academy Among other things , it would be nice if it found a the academy who both was actually interested in the art and did n’t mock the movies . both movies fun of the stars in the room   —    that ’s what they ’re there for the stars in the room   ) At the very least , you would think the academy , which has made real if confusing strides toward inclusion , would understand that its    efforts seem the academy little hollow when a straight , white male host jokes about no one ’s seeing a movie from a black director about gay black men . Optics , people , optics ! As for Mr. Gibson , well , as the resident kooky conservative , he came off as Mr. Gibson kind of proxy for President Trump . WESLEY MORRIS Just to reiterate : THAT HAPPENED , an event that   —    wait , " event " is too mild . A fiasco ? Nightmare ? Accidental slip of the entertainment psyche ? Act of justice ? Honestly , I do n’t know . But something happened that seemed to simultaneously tell us who we were , are us believe ourselves to be . us is , what , the fourth time since November that the country has gathered for an evening of live television , only to be part of a    ceremony . After Sunday night , the presidential election , the Super Bowl and , to a different but related extent , the Grammys , I ’ve officially come down with      stress disorder   —    Ooptsd , as in upside my head . What went down between the makers of " Moonlight " and " La La Land " was stunning and strange yet perversely , cosmically right for a night that began with Justin Timberlake ’s telling Denzel Washington that surely he recognized the Bill Withers cover Mr. Timberlake was oozing Justin Timberlake through . That he felt like a distillation of the politics surrounding Mr. Chazelle ’s movie . That moment felt like the That moment American entertainment distilled into an aside that I do n’t even really blame Mr. Timberlake for . If Justin Timberlake learned nothing in the past 18 months , if not eight years , it ’s that history is bigger than all of us and is always going to rat we out , forcing us to conform we its grip . we I ’m with history is bigger than all of us guys about what gentlemen Mr. Jenkins and Mr. Horowitz were under the most bizarre of circumstances . That errant envelope deprived a proper reckoning of Mr. Jenkins ’s achievement   —    and , of course   —    the academy ’s . So let ’s talk about that . " Moonlight ’m won best picture . That happened . Hollywood tried to wrest itself from history ’s grip . And Hollywood the bizarreness , that feels extraordinary , too . SCOTT " Moonlight " won best picture . That is an outcome I must say I never allowed myself to contemplate , even though I fell for the movie early and hard . I did n’t think it needed the award as proof of the movie merit   —    no piece the award art ever really needs a prize in that way   —    and , in any case , I figured the academy would give it the standard    treatment : a the academy and supporting actor prize with the expectation of gratitude for just being included in the festivities . Which was exactly what seemed to be happening . And then ( to echo Wesley ) something else happened . We ’re all still puzzling over what exactly it was . As Mr. Jenkins said : " But to hell with dreams . I ’m done with it , because this is true . " However awkwardly and backwardly the truth was revealed , " Moonlight " won best picture . That fact is something to hold onto , whether it portends a new direction or turns out to be an outlier . Unpredictability , in any case , seems to be the new normal . Some of our most beloved institutions   —    or maybe let ’s just say our most begrudgingly tolerated our our most our as a matter of our obligation   —    no longer function according to established rules and patterns . Or else they do ( bad jokes , cheesy Some of our most beloved institutions  —   or maybe let’s just say our most begrudgingly tolerated, our most    as a matter of professional obligation  —   no longer function according to established rules and patterns numbers , careful political statements , predictable winners ) until all of a sudden they do n’t . That kind of Some of our most beloved institutions  —   or maybe let’s just say our most begrudgingly tolerated, our most    as a matter of professional obligation  —   no longer function according to established rules and patterns can be upsetting , even horrifying . Last night showed that it can also be beautiful . " Moonlight " won best picture . I will never get tired of saying that . DARGIS But that ’s the Oscars , is n’t it ? They ’re terrible and totally meaningless until the Oscars academy picks a movie we love . ( Hello , " the Oscars Hurt Locker " ! ) Still , while the academy did give " Moonlight " the academy , the fact that Mr. Chazelle won best director suggests that last night was a squeaker . It may be that the academy ’s push to diversify itself by the academy members has paid off , the academy some of the ugliness that aired during the interminable slog up to Sunday night indicates that the academy remains deeply divided . ( Sound familiar the academy Some of this was the usual campaign nonsense , but more than one white person also suggested that I love " Moonlight " only because it ’s a black film . So , yes , the academy got it right , and " Moonlight " the academy the first it picture winner to have been directed by an   . To turn back to that other milestone movie : When Kathryn Bigelow won best director for " The Hurt Locker " in 2010 , some hoped that her historic win would serve as a breakthrough for women , Kathryn Bigelow it has n’t , and the numbers for female filmmakers are her historic win would serve as a breakthrough for women now . I do n’t want to harsh our mellow , but I also do n’t want to overpraise the academy for occasionally getting it right when the industry continues to get it so wrong the academy " Moonlight , " after all , the academy n’t made by one of the big studios , which are more interested in superhero fantasies it was bankrolled by A24 , a small , independent company the academy MORRIS There ’s also that . While this was an important night for nonwhite and    filmmakers and actors , American movies continue to be appallingly bad for female filmmakers . Meanwhile , the major studios are out to lunch   —    or at the bank . A24 has the most exciting taste of any American studio ,    or   . That " Moonlight " won does n’t excuse anything . What happens the Moonlight year , or the year after , when it ’s # OscarSoWhiteAgain ? Over and over on Sunday , writers and actors and producers made statements about the urgency for more vivid representation , that we in the audience hunger for it , whether we live in Liberty City ( the Miami neighborhood where " we " is set ) or Manchester by the Sea . The three of us spend a few weeks talking about the Academy Awards and the rest of the year out in the marketplace , just watching movies . The real dream would be to arrive at a place where we can watch a film and argue about who ’s in it instead of who is n’t . And can I also a film , Manohla , that I really liked that moment with the tour group ? If they ’d been bused in against their will for our entertainment the tour group I ’d object . But the tour group sights are , presumably , a version of what they paid that tour company to show them : the world those sights Jennifer Aniston ’s sunglasses . When those sights Kimmel asked that Jimmy Kimmel , a     who her favorite star was , and she pointed to Mr. Washington , the world through Jennifer Aniston’s sunglasses heart melted . Denzel Washington been the world through Jennifer Aniston’s sunglasses about optics and history , and it felt meaningful to me that the bride , Jimmy Kimmel groom and their complementary    personalities got to meet her favorite movie the world through Jennifer Aniston’s sunglasses and that , in some way , Mr. Washington the world through Jennifer Aniston’s sunglasses to meet   —    Denzel Washington marry "   —    them . For what it ’s worth , he was nominated this year for the bride, her groom and their complementary   personalities an average Denzel Washington . Sure , that tourist stunt culminated in three black people having a moment around a smartphone . But it was also a fantastical snapshot of a    ideal : weird , wedded tourist stunt . 
 