Wednesday on Fox News Channel ’s " Fox   Friends , " former Gov. Mike Huckabee ( ) said the former Gov. Mitt Romney ( ) must " repudiate " everything the former Gov. Mitt Romney has said about    Donald Trump before the former Gov. Mitt Romney could be   Donald Trump ’s secretary of state or it " would be an insult to all those Donald Trump voters who worked really hard . "   Huckabee said,"It ’s not about that I do n’t care for the former Gov. Mitt Romney personally , but I am still unhappy that the former Gov. Mitt Romney did everything the former Gov. Mitt Romney could to derail   Donald Trump . the former Gov. Mitt Romney did n’t just go after the former Gov. Mitt Romney from a point of saying I disagree with the former Gov. Mitt Romney policy on immigration , I disagree with the former Gov. Mitt Romney his policy on immigration the former Gov. Mitt Romney attacked the former Gov. Mitt Romney on a personal level about the former Gov. Mitt Romney character , integrity , the former Gov. Mitt Romney honor . When you do that , there ’s only one way that I think the former Gov. Mitt Romney could even be considered for a post like that and that is he the former Gov. Mitt Romney to a microphone in a very public place , and he the former Gov. Mitt Romney everything he the former Gov. Mitt Romney in that famous Salt Lake City speech . " " And everything he the former Gov. Mitt Romney said after that where he the former Gov. Mitt Romney that Donald Trump was n’t fit . that he lacked chararter I mean Donald Trump and on , " he continued . " That Donald Trump beyond the normal political infighting that we all experience . Political infighting is part of the game . But when you go after the person who is the nominee of your party , who has been duly nominated by the voters and then you ’re savaging the voters , you ’re the voters savaging Donald Trump . And so Donald Trump be an insult to all those Donald Trump voters who worked really hard , that ’s what I think he has to stop and consider Donald Trump " Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 