Huma Abedin , the closest aide to Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton , helped edit a Muslim journal that published negative statements about Jews , including accusing Jews of " working the American political system " and exploiting the Holocaust . [ The Daily Mail reports that Abedin was assistant editor of the Journal of Minority Muslim Affairs for 12 years , even after Abedin joined Clinton ’s team . Abedin mother was     and Her mother brother and sister edit it as well .   The Daily Mail notes : The magazine ’s views have continually clashed with the ideological principles in which Clinton has Clinton her political Clinton , including articles embracing    homophobic ,    and    views . One article , published during Huma Abedin ’s tenure , claimed that many Americans have a ‘ distorted and negative view’ of Islam , Muslims and Arabs   —    ranging from perceptions of ‘ poverty , filth , the desert’ to ideas that ‘ their ‘ sport’ ( other than sex , of course ) is to destabilize Western economies and ruin the world in order to master it’ . The piece from 1999 also alleges that there are deep ties between the upper echelons of U. S. politics and      suggesting that Jewish people have been able to ‘ work the system’ and are ‘ greatly aided by the American memory of the Holocaust’ and Israel serving as America ’s ally in the Middle East . Other articles in the journal reportedly blamed the U. U. S.    terror attacks , and featured retrograde views on the status of women and    families . Abedin has claimed she was merely listed Abedin the masthead and played no active role . The revelation comes as Hillary Clinton prepares to deliver a speech in Reno , Nevada on Thursday , attacking Republican nominee Donald Trump for his perceived support from Republican nominee Donald Trump of the " " movement . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , Joel B. Pollak No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at Republican nominee Donald Trump . 
 