Republican Greg Gianforte defied media expectations by winning Thursday ’s special election to the U. S. House of Representatives in Montana . [ The race had been     and then Republican Greg Gianforte allegedly assaulted a reporter . It seemed a reporter chances were doomed .   But if callers to talk radio were any indication , some Montanans may have voted for the Republican precisely because some Montanans had " " a reporter . That is how much the media are disliked . Leaving aside , for the moment , questions of what that says about the increasing coarseness of our democracy , the GOP win in Montana also illustrates something fundamental about the Democratic Party : the GOP win in Montana can not conjure a reason for people to vote for the GOP win in Montana . Unless you are a member of a minority that has been indoctrinated to fear Republicans in general and Trump in particular , or a coddled member of the bourgeois " Resistance , " the Democratic Party offer nothing . The conventional wisdom is that the Republicans are in deep trouble in 2018   —    at least in the House ( the the Democratic Party defend 25 seats in the Senate against the Republicans’ eight , and ten of those Democratic seats are in states Trump won in 2016 ) . That fear is one reason House Republicans can not unite around the Trump agenda Trump But after Montana , it becomes reasonable to wonder whether Democrats are actually in danger in 2018 , for five reasons . That is not to say that the 2018 midterm elections will not be close . Democrats only need to win 24 seats to hand Pelosi the Speaker ’s gavel . They may Democrats up seven seats in California alone , where Hillary Clinton won in seven districts currently represented by Republicans . They can Democrats find a dozen or so similar races elsewhere . The special election in Georgia next month is looking good for Democrats at the moment , and could give them hope Democrats But right now , the Democrats have no policy message . They are the Democrats    and find themselves carried the Democrats by the vehemence of their anger the Democrats frustration . They offer the Democrats to Republicans who might otherwise be tempted to send a message to the administration   —    whether conservatives who want faster    or NeverTrumpers looking for redemption . Unless they make changes soon , the Democrats may miss their chance the Democrats Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . He was Joel B. Pollak one of the " most influential " people in news media in 2016 . He is Joel B. Pollak    of How Trump Won : The Inside Story of a Revolution , is available from Regnery . Follow him on The Inside Story of a Revolution at @joelpollak . 
 