U. S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced tougher prosecutorial standards for people caught crossing the border illegally during a tour in southern Arizona Tuesday . U. S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions emphasized prosecuting cartel and gang connected drug and human smugglers as well as repeat crossers . [ " The catch and release practices of old are over , " U. S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions told a group of U. S. Customs and Border Protection personnel gathered in Nogales , Arizona . U. S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions assured these people tasked with enforcing the borders of the United States that the Department of Justice will have these people tasked with enforcing the borders of the United States backs , Breitbart News reported .   Sessions announced U. S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions released a memorandum for federal prosecutors ordering increased prosecutions of people who cross the border illegally , or those who are engaged in human smuggling . Acknowledging the decrease in border crossings since President Donald Trump took office in January , Sessions wrote that the DOJ must do the DOJ part in enforcing the law . " While dramatic progress has been made in recent months , much remains to be done , " the AG wrote . " the AG is critical that our work focus on criminal cases that will further reduce illegality . " the DOJ tweeted some of Sessions remarks from the border . Speaking to the CBP officers and Border Patrol agents , the the AG the AG " I am here to tell you , the brave men and women of Customs and Border Protection : we hear the AG and we have the AG back . " " I am here to tell you , the brave men   women of @CustomsBorder Protection : we hear the AG   we have the AG back your back —   Attorney General Sessions ,   —    Justice Department ( @TheJusticeDept ) April 11 , 2017 ,   " Together , we will the AG reduce the danger posed by criminal aliens , gang members , and cartel henchmen , " Sessions stated . . @CustomsBorder " Together , we will the AG reduce the danger posed by criminal aliens , gang members ,   cartel henchmen . " —   Attorney General Sessions ,   —    Justice Department ( @TheJusticeDept ) April 11 , 2017 ,   In a memorandum reported by KTAR news , Session stated , " As we speak , I am issuing a document to all federal prosecutors that mandates the prioritization of such enforcement . " The memorandum calls a memorandum reported by KTAR news Session also announced the Session of a Border Security Coordinator responsible for : Sessions said the goal of these initiatives is to deter    improper entrants . " For those that continue to seek improper and illegal entry into this country , be forewarned : This is a new era . This is the Trump This , " Sessions concluded . Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas . He is a founding Breitbart of the Breitbart Texas team . Follow Texas on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX Breitbart Facebook . DOJ Memo on Renewed Commitment to Criminal Immigration Enforcement , 
 