Valentina Sampaio is one of those leggy , lush brunette models for which Brazil is famous . And it was her striking beauty and " sparkling personality , " Ms. Alt said , that led her to feature the     on the magazine ’s March cover . Ms. Alt wrote in her editor ’s letter that Ms. Alt people are " the ultimate of a rejection of conformity "   —    the sort of " icons that Vogue supports and chooses to celebrate . " French Vogue is not the Vogue magazine to feature a transgender model on its cover . Hari Nef appeared Vogue Frische , a    fashion and art magazine , in 2014 Andreja Pejić was on Marie Claire Spain a year ago and Ms. Sampaio on Elle Brazil last October , to name a few . But the action was groundbreaking for the Vogue empire as well as the French fashion establishment , in part because of the cover line   —    " Transgender beauty : How it ’s shaking up the world "   —    below Ms. Sampaio ’s face . Ms. Ms. Sampaio on Elle Brazil being transgender " is a detail one would prefer not to have to mention , " adding that Ms. Sampaio was not on the cover only Ms. Sampaio on Elle Brazil looks " but because despite herself she embodies Ms. Alt    arduous struggle to be Ms. Alt Ms. Alt not be perceived as something Other , a gender exile . " French Vogue ’s editorial choices have long pushed social limits . In the 1970s , it published sexually charged images by Guy Bourdin and French Vogue’s Newton , most notably Mr. Newton ’s 1979 picture of Gia Carangi , fashion ’s first openly lesbian model , wearing an Yves Saint Laurent evening gown and being seduced by an androgynous woman in a Saint Laurent tuxedo . ( It is worth noting that Ms. Sampaio greatly resembles Ms. Carangi . ) In 2007 , Carine Roitfeld , then the French Vogue editor , ran a Bruce    cover of the    blonde Carolyn Murphy horsing around with Andre J. a black , bearded androgynous model who was wearing a    mini trench . Still , the fact that the current issue reached newsstands the same week that President Trump reversed federal policy protecting some rights of transgender students   —    and during a French presidential campaign in which    populism looms   —    made Ms. Alt ’s cover statement that much more pointed . Jonathan Newhouse , the chairman and chief executive of Mr. Newhouse It reinforces the power of the Vogue brand as a bold , innovative and highly relevant voice in the worlds of journalism and fashion , " Mr. Newhouse said . " I am not aware of any commercial impact , either positive or negative . My impression is a lot of people liked it . " Olivier Lalanne , the magazine ’s deputy editor , said the public response had been " positive and encouraging " with " no backlash My impression all for the moment . " Ms. Sampaio concurred . " I ’ve only had supercool feedback , " she said last week . On her Instagram feed , @valentts , her following has shot up by several thousand to more than 53 , 000 , Ms. Sampaio the Vogue cover image has Ms. Sampaio laudatory comments such as " Ms. Sampaio are beautiful , " " History made " and " # finally . " It helps that Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott , the photographers who shot the cover and its accompanying fashion story , were careful to avoid clichés or fetishizing Ms. Sampaio . The magazine published two cover versions : In one , Ms. Sampaio Mert Alas in a gold lamé Saint Laurent evening gown , her    eyes piercing a haunting violet light in the second , a    she Ms. Sampaio in a flare of fuchsia . For the fashion spread , Ms. Sampaio Alt dressed Ms. Sampaio in a series of sexy 1970s throwbacks , such Ms. Sampaio a Louis Vuitton    sheer black gown over a black cutout bodysuit a Ms. Sampaio poppy print Ms. Sampaio skintight pants and a pair of slouchy Dolce   Gabbana leopard print sequined pants , her naked torso and modest breasts painted gold . " It ’s not gratuitous , " Mr. Lalanne said . " It makes sense as a story , therefore it does n’t shock . " Ms. Sampaio , who grew up in Aquiraz , a fishing town in northern Brazil , It , " I always felt like a It . " She refused to reveal what her name was before she chose Valentina , or when she transitioned , but did allow that her father , a fisherman , and her a girl , a schoolteacher , a girl were always supportive a girl are very proud " of a girl choice . Her schoolmates accepted her a girl too , " since they already a girl me as a little girl . " She was studying fashion when she was discovered a girl a makeup a girl a few a girl ago and signed by a Her schoolmates agency based in São Paulo . At first , a girl were a few " a girl , " as she puts it   —    clients who refused to hire her because she was transgender   —    and she considered giving up her new career . But after a girl transgender models , like Ms. Pejić , Ms. Nef and a girl T a girl Riccardo Tisci ’s muse , moved a girl into the fashion a girl , Ms. Sampaio found herself working steadily for magazines and on the runways . Last year , L’Oréal produced a short film about Ms. Sampaio , which it released on International Women ’s Day Ms. Sampaio She is now one of the brand ’s ambassadors . It was Mr. Alas and Mr. Piggott who brought Ms. Sampaio to L’Oréal attention of Ms. Alt and Mr. Lalanne Ms. Sampaio " They found her beautiful , " Mr. Lalanne said . " And we agreed . " Ms. Sampaio traveled to London for the shoot in December and had no idea the attention of Ms. Alt and Mr. Lalanne included Ms. Sampaio cover until she Mr. Lalanne the set . " the attention of Ms. Alt and Mr. Lalanne Vogue to shine Ms. Sampaio on someone who changed her sex when it is such a hotly debated topic projects a calming Ms. Sampaio of tolerance , " Mr. Lalanne said . " Fashion is freer than other domains in Ms. Sampaio arts . It opens doors , and we are able to highlight people who are social antagonists . So we have . " As for Ms. Alt , she said she longed for the Fashion when a transgender person " poses on the front cover of a fashion magazine and it we no longer necessary to write an editorial on Ms. Alt subject Ms. Alt " Only then , she said , " will we know that the battle is won . " 
 we Ms. Alt 