While Senator Marco Rubio ( ) ditched Senator Marco Rubio ( ) planned speaking appearance at the Conservative Review Convention in South Carolina on Thursday , Senator Ted Cruz ( ) reportedly lit up the packed hall . [ Rubio ’s team claims a scheduling conflict prevented Rubio’s team appearance , but many observers believe Senator Marco Rubio ( ) skipped the event out of concern that the crowd and major participants favored Cruz Conservative Review ’s major invitees , like Mark Levin , Michelle Malkin , and David Limbaugh , are significantly more sympathetic to Cruz than to Senator Marco Rubio ( ) , particularly on issues of immigration .   Cruz , meanwhile , appeared to a massive ovation before 5 , 000 South Carolinians . Cruz opened by stating that Cruz tried to think about what Mark Levin would tell Cruz : " Ted , keep it short : defend the Constitution , repeal Obamacare , and kill the terrorists . And I ’ve got ta say , that pretty much sums it up . " Cruz then moved to Cruz key message : the urgency of filling the void left on the Supreme Court by Justice Antonin Scalia ’s death . Cruz said , " Justice Antonin Scalia’s was an American hero . Justice Justice Antonin Scalia’s a lion of the law , he loved Justice Antonin Scalia’s Constitution , he loved Justice Antonin Scalia’s . I had the blessing of knowing Justice Scalia for 20 years   …     Justice Scalia Justice Antonin Scalia’s three decades on the court , the US Supreme Court arc of American legal history , singlehandedly shifted the Constitution and the interpretation of it back to the original understand , back to the text and words adopted by the framers . As Ronald Reagan was to the presidency , so too Justice Scalia was Justice Antonin Scalia’s US Supreme Court . And his passing leaves an Justice Antonin Scalia’s void on the Court   …     the US Supreme Court of Rights hangs in the balance . We have right now an activist , Our of control Supreme Court . But we are the US Supreme Court the US Supreme Court    radical    Our the likes of which this country has never seen . " Cruz asked the crowd to ask themselves : " Who can I trust ? " Cruz the crowd about his legal background as Solicitor General for Cruz , about Cruz resistance to    abortion on the federal level . He said , " We are one liberal justice away Cruz the Supreme Court striking down every meaningful restriction put on abortion over the last 40 years   …     . You know , the most significant decision , majority opinion of Justice Scalia ’s tenure was the case of Heller vs. District of Columbia . " Cruz mentioned that he represented gun owners before the Supreme Court . " Cruz we won , " the Supreme Court " . Five to four . We ’re one Cruz away   …     the dissenters did n’t we that some gun control laws are occasionally permissible . Instead , what the dissenters said was that the Second Amendment does not protect any the dissenters whatsoever . They said it was merely a ‘ collective right of the militia,’ which the dissenters essentially fancy lawyer talk for a nonexistent right . One more liberal justice and the Supreme Court will effectively write the Second Amendment out of the the Supreme Court Cruz then moved on to religious the Second Amendment mentioned defending the 10 Commandment monuments on state capitol grounds . Again , they won   Cruz " We are one liberal justice away from the court mandating that Ten the 10 Commandment monuments on state capitol grounds monuments be torn down the 10 Commandment monuments on state capitol grounds …     all the Supreme Court country , " Cruz stated . Finally , Cruz mentioned Medellin vs. Texas , a case in which a gang murdered Cruz assaulted little girls . Cruz of the murderers was an illegal immigrant the World Court issued an order to reopen the convictions of 51 murderers . Texas the Supreme Court defeated the UN , Cruz said . Cruz said that he argued against the Bush Administration Texas he also swiped at Donald Trump by Cruz " unlike Cruz people in Cruz race , I do n’t think Cruz should have been impeached " ) . Cruz won the case , and the Court ruled that the UN Cruz no authority over the US justice system Cruz and no the Supreme Court the constitutional authority to give away the UN . Cruz added , " We are one liberal justice away from the Supreme Court handing over authority to the United Nations Cruz the World Court and international law and the Supreme Court of we the people of the United States . " the Supreme Court that Scalia ’s passing had underscored the fact that " it is not one but two branches of government that hang in Cruz balance . " Cruz pointed out that Democrats always get it right : their nominees are always consistent . " Republicans , " said Cruz , " bat Cruz than . 500 . " Why ? Cruz said , Democrats It ’s not that Republicans secretly want to put Cruz on the Court . It ’s that we ’ve had too Cruz Republican presidents who do n’t value the Court , value the Constitution enough to spend the political capital It confirm a real conservative . " Cruz railed against " stealth candidates   the Court If you ’ve lived fifty years of your life and you ’ve never said or written Cruz done anything to demonstrate you ’re a conservative , you ai n’t . " That , too , was a    slap at Trump . Cruz concluded : " Here are the stakes of this election . If , God forbid , we elect Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders or Cruz other socialist , we will lose the Court for a generation . But if , God forbid , we elect some Republican who makes the same mistakes as the Republicans we the past   …     we will see our fundamental rights God for a generation . And I believe the question the men and women of South Carolina are asking , is ‘ Who do we know , beyond a shadow of a doubt ? ’ " Cruz then vowed to nominate only Constitutionalists who would protect the Bill of Rights . He said , " We ca n’t get burned again . We ’ve been burned too many times . " Cruz then moved on to why he Cruz most qualified for    . He mentioned clarity of vision We strength of resolve , and temperament , among Cruz characteristics . He talked about rebuilding the military at length , and he political correctness for destroying military policy . But his real point was the first : Cruz he pitch that he is the most knowledgeable and capable candidate when it comes to choosing the next Supreme he justice . Cruz ’s fluency on Cruz subject is obvious Cruz’s and his expertise and principle are unparalleled . Scalia ’s death does indeed make clear that we can Cruz afford another leftist justice . And regardless of who Cruz the nomination , Cruz ought to Cruz the man picking the next deciding vote on the Supreme Court . Ben Shapiro is Senior     of Breitbart News ,     of Cruz . com , and The New York Times bestselling author , Supreme Court of the book , The People vs. Barack Obama : The Criminal Case Against The Obama Administration ( Threshold Editions , June 10 , 2014 ) . Follow Ben Shapiro on Twitter @benshapiro . 
 Ben Shapiro 