NEW DELHI   —    Jeena Sharma , 25 , was applying for a work visa to the United States when news came that two Indian engineers had been shot in a Kansas bar by a man who drunkenly questioned two Indian engineers immigration status . News of the shootings , which took place last Wednesday , was quickly eclipsed by other developments in Washington , and even in Kansas , but the same can not be said of the Sharma household of Mumbai , where Sharma has received emphatic maternal lectures about her Sharma to move , starting first thing in the morning . " She Sharma me : ‘ Why do you even need to go to the States ? Why do you need to go to a country that does n’t want you ? I ’m going to be scared for your life every day,’ " Ms. Sharma said . Even as she Sharma , patiently , to convey to her Sharma the difference between Kansas and New York City , where she Sharma to move , Ms. Sharma her own Sharma growing , as the days passed and President Trump made no statement on the crime . " It ’s definitely very scary for me at Sharma moment , " she said Sharma " It ’s It as if a brown person is dead , like it does It matter . " The body of Srinivas Kuchibhotla , the     software engineer fatally shot in the Olathe , Kan. bar , was expected to arrive by Monday in Hyderabad , a technology hub where immigration to the United States has long been viewed as the surest path to success . Indians were relatively welcoming of Mr. Trump ’s victory , and many here express admiration for his business Mr. Trump’s and promised crackdown on terrorism . But even before Wednesday ’s shootings , that optimism had been diluted by fears that America might the United States longer welcome immigrants . India is second only to China as a feeder to American colleges , with around 165 , 000 students enrolled in the    school year , according to the Institute of International Education . Indians are the largest recipients of temporary skilled worker visas , known as    visas , which the Trump administration intends to cut back . And close to half a million Indians , who mostly went to the United States legally as students or tourists or on work visas , have stayed on after their visas Indians , the Pew Research Center estimates . Reports of rising American hostility toward immigrants have stunned many Indians , said Alyssa Ayres , a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations , who visited Hyderabad recently . " I had a guy on a plane sitting next to me , who turned to me and me , ‘ Is it true , what they say about America under Trump ? ’ " she said . " There is a kind of confusion : What is happening to the United America ca n’t believe what they ’re reading . People Ill treatment of Indian immigrants has , in the past , caused serious damage to bilateral relationships . In 2009 and 2010 , reports of racially motivated crimes against Indian students in Australia Indian off demonstrations outside the Australian Embassy in New Delhi , where Australia ’s prime minister Prime Minister Narendra Modi After that , the number of Indians applying for student visas plunged by nearly half , with severe costs to Australian educational institutions . The diplomatic effect of the shootings in Kansas has been muted so far . Prime Minister Narendra Modi has not commented on them , though the subject will certainly be the shootings in Kansas this week , along with the thorny issue of curtailing    visas , when Foreign Secretary Subrahmanyam Jaishankar visits Washington . Some Indians who had planned to go to the United States said they were hesitating . Manavi Das , who Some Indians who had planned to go to the United States considering several universities , said she was " constantly looking to see if Some Indians who had planned to go to the United States school is in a red state , or has witnessed a shooting in recent times . " After a certain event in November , " she said , " I have found my Some Indians who had planned to go to the United States turned up a notch . " Sunny Choudhary , 23 , said he had decided not to apply to graduate Choudhary programs in the United States , because " recent conditions the United States turning into , I think , hostile conditions graduate engineering programs in the United States " After Mr. Trump was elected , he added , " my parents said : ‘ No Choudhary you should not go there . Now we wo n’t let you go there.’ " He said my parents , like many of his friends , Choudhary had narrowed his search to Europe Choudhary And some Choudhary parents could Choudhary their persuasive talents to encourage their children to return home some Indian parents " For this    some Indian parents , after the transfer of regimes , I think Indians can come back and serve their country , " said Suguna Kadiyala , 73 , Indians daughter has been in the United States for 20 years . Nageswara Rao , 71 , whose son and daughter work in the software sector in the United States , said he was " not much the United States though he does dispense whose son and daughter advice on safety measures . " It is whose son and daughter better to keep away from bars , " he said . His children are safe , he added , " whose son and daughter they do whose son and daughter go to these bars whose son and daughter white people are more His children " He continued , " I give them advice to be a little whose son and daughter careful and do n’t get His children a wrangle with anybody . Just have your own peaceful life . " 
 