Tomorrow night marks the only Republican debate scheduled before the crucial South Carolina primary . [ Donald Trump has all the momentum going in Senator Ted Cruz ( ) is considered a strong challenger Senator Marco Rubio ( ) faces a steep comeback after imploding in New Hampshire former Florida Governor Jeb Bush continues to squawk about New Hampshire former Florida Governor Jeb Bush supposedly revivified campaign Ohio Governor John Kasich will put in a showing in South Carolina , but has already largely conceded the primary Ben Carson is hanging on for no apparent reason other than to grow his Ben Carson .   The only poll out of South South Carolina New Hampshire New Hampshire with a commanding lead , clocking in at 36 . 3 percent Cruz follows with 19 . 6 percent , then Rubio with 14 . 6 percent , Bush with 10 . 9 percent , Kasich with 8 . 7 percent , and Carson with 4 . 7 percent . Just 5 . 2 percent of voters say they ’re undecided Just 5. 2 percent of voters this point . This means that barring a catastrophic collapse in South Carolina over the next week , or a massive coordinated attempt to consolidate the    establishment lane , Trump has a prohibitive lead . The next primary state , Nevada , holds its caucus on The next primary state, Nevada 23 , just days later then it ’s on to the SEC Primary , where the following states are up for grabs : Alabama , Alaska , Arkansas , Colorado , Georgia , Massachusetts , Minnesota , Oklahoma , Tennessee , Texas , Vermont , and Virginia a few days after that , we get Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , and Maine . So , here ’s where each candidate stands and what he must do each candidate night to maximize the chances at electoral victory . Donald Trump : Trump is the Donald Trump frontrunner at this juncture . If he wins South Donald Trump , he most likely Donald Trump out Nevada too   —    the only polls from that state are old , but show Trump with a Donald Trump lead . If he has won Donald Trump of the first four primaries heading south , he could run Donald Trump table . All the polls from the March 1 states are too old to tell us much , but most of them have Trump All the polls from the March 1 states out in front : Trump + 21 Donald Trump close in a bevy Donald Trump states , including Texas Donald Trump he trails Ted Cruz by five percent as of late January Donald Trump In the debate , Trump will likely be attacked on two fronts : Donald Trump of conservative values , and    values . He ’ll fight back against Cruz on Donald Trump Christian values point by going personal , driving home Cruz ’s lack of charitable giving and accusing Donald Trump of    campaigning , Ted Cruz tactic that seemed to work decently given the tacit help of Ted Cruz in New Hampshire . On the conservatism Donald Trump , look for Trump to concede that he ’s not doctrinaire , and claim that he ’s willing to do what ’s best for the American people regardless of ideology . He Trump previewed that claim this week . Given Trump Trump ’s voters are the least ideological of any major candidate , that may bring Trump a win . Nate Silver currently has Trump at Trump 60 percent chance of winning South Carolina if we ignore endorsements , that number Trump to 72 percent . Ted Cruz : Trump highly competitive in some of the upcoming southern states : he leads Trump in the most recent poll of Arkansas , for example , Ted Cruz Trump and Rubio four points back in Texas , he leads Ted Cruz by Trump as of late January . But he ’ll need to show something Trump we hit SEC Primary , or Trump will Ted Cruz maintain Trump . His best shot here is to pound Ted Cruz at Trump for his    viewpoints and behaviors , as well as for his dismissal Trump conservatives . Fully Ted Cruz percent of Ted Cruz in the South Carolina primary will be evangelicals Trump and Ted Cruz dominates with such voters . The key for Cruz Ted Cruz do not play defense against Trump . The minute Trump SEC Primary Cruz must go right back at him . If he covers up , Trump walks away the Cruz . Marco Rubio Trump Rubio still clings Trump the    hope that he will be Cruz to finish Trump in South Trump and then buck Trump by winning just enough primaries to last until Florida and the Marco Rubio states . It ’s not impossible . Marco Rubio polls well in states like Minnesota and Colorado , and he hopes that Cruz will win enough states to hamper Trump while not winning enough to become the viable alternative . All Marco Rubio relies on him not collapsing in South Carolina . Right Marco Rubio , he ’s running too close to Jeb !   —    so look for him to go on offense against Bush . He Marco Rubio have to overcome that burden of a historically bad Marco Rubio in the last debate . The smart move would be to make a Marco Rubio about it up front . Jeb ! Marco Rubio . Jeb ! knows that this is his best opportunity to knock Rubio out of the race , grab the establishment mantle , and perhaps even The smart move in some of Jeb southern Bush . Jeb do that , he ’ll Jeb to pound Rubio as a lightweight incompetent . Oddly , he ’s still pushing against Trump , which makes little sense given that he has no chance of dragging Trump Jeb or raising his own Rubio numbers by bashing Trump   —    Jeb a single Republican has gained in the polls by attacking Trump , Jeb Jeb!. John Kasich . Kasich ’s hope is the Jeb as Jeb ! ’s , but he can wait for Jeb ! and Rubio to take each other out   Trump    he has no interest in Jeb!. John Kasich Carolina , and is n’t even campaigning there . He ’ll Jeb!. John Kasich to sit out Jeb fight , hope for a surprisingly strong finish , and then Jeb into Minnesota , Massachusetts , Vermont , and Maine for big wins in a couple Jeb weeks . If he then picks up Ohio , while Cruz and Trump trade punches , he hopes for a brokered convention where he becomes the establishment pick . Ben Carson . Carson ’s only in the Jeb for the email list at this point . His campaign is in Jeb , but he ’s still raking Jeb cash via his email operation . He wants Ben Carson stick around as long as possible   —    and he understands that Ben Carson best bet is to attack Cruz Ben Carson his Christian credibility . That makes Ben Carson Trump ’s natural Ben Carson here . To sum up : Trump has all the advantage here Ben Carson Cruz took Ben Carson down in Iowa once . He ’ll Ben Carson to do so again to Ben Carson Trump from going on a major run for the next Trump weeks . Marco Rubio will have Cruz fight Trump keep his campaign alive . Trump Jeb ! Bush ’s ego play will continue Trump muddy the waters , making it nearly impossible for anyone except Trump to win enough delegates before the convention . Marco Rubio Shapiro is Senior     of Breitbart News ,     of DailyWire . com , and The New York Bush’s ego play bestselling author , most recently Trump of the book , The People vs. Barack Obama : The Criminal Case Against The Obama Administration ( Threshold Editions , June 10 , 2014 ) . Follow Ben Shapiro on Twitter @benshapiro . 
 Ben Shapiro 