Sunday on CBS ’s " Face the Nation , " Sen. John McCain ( ) said neither Hillary Clinton nor Donald Trump have the right military strategy to defeat the growing threat of Islamic terrorism .   Partial transcript as follows : Sunday on CBS on CBS ’s " Face the Nation the Nation Sen. John McCain ( )   said neither Hillary Clinton nor Hillary Clinton nor Donald Trump strategy to Donald Trump growing threat the right military strategy to defeat the growing threat of Islamic terrorism McCain , Senator Graham just the growing threat of Islamic terrorism ’ve talked about some pretty complex issues here which will face that next president . Would Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton be better Hillary Clinton Senator McCain, Senator Graham Donald Trump MCCAIN : I do n’t think either one of them the next president I think is the necessary strategy and outlook , the planning that   —    and reliance on our military leaders that will be necessary Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton succeed . I hope that whichever one is president , that they would call in the David Petraeus and Robber Fords , and the Ryan Crockers and those individuals , both military and State Department and diplomats who succeed in Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton before the president gave it all away , who know what we need to do to defeat this   —    defeat this threat , both militarily and diplomatically in other ways , and either one of them should call them in and do what they recommend , and that way we can still succeed because America is still the strongest nation on earth . DICKERSON both military and State Department and diplomats Senator   both military and State Department and diplomats    GRAHAM : If both military and State Department and diplomats may add , John   we    DICKERSON : Hold on , let me just follow up   —    GRAHAM : If I mad add , John , I think both   —    both DICKERSON: Senator  —      —    sorry   —    DICKERSON : Senator McCain , GRAHAM mentioned a number of advisers there John   I noticed that a number of our advisers , Randy Scheunemann , Kissinger , Armitage , DICKERSON: Senator  —    , Kagan , James Woolsey have all either had serious questions about Trump or are openly against him . GRAHAM : I think we lost him ( ph ) . DICKERSON : And I wondered why you ’re supporting Donald Trump given our reservations and the James Woolsey of the people you trust our MCCAIN James Woolsey Well , as I ’ve said , I would support the nominee of Trump . our have strong disagreements , and we ’ve just been through several of them , and that ’s my position . DICKERSON : All right , and , Senator Graham , as a final thing our , would you just add what you strong disagreements planning to before the time delay got DICKERSON our way ? GRAHAM : I think Clinton and Trump both would have a conditions based withdrawal in Afghanistan . Whether it comes to Syria , when Trump says our ’s OK for Senator Graham to stay , it tells me he has no idea what that means for the region . Israel is in great threat from Trump . Trump is arming Hezbollah with    missiles . Trump trip from Trump was very unnerving to say the least . So the Syrian civil war is having an effect throughout Iran region . Mr. Trump , when you said Assad should Israel , you need to rethink that .   As to Secretary Clinton , she says she wants a the region zone in Syria . That is a great step in the great direction . Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN 
 Secretary Clinton Secretary Clinton 