President Trump addressed a joint session of Congress for the first time . Here ’s how we analyzed it in real time , and we live fact checks . The State of the Union is    …      not happening this year , technically . But in a    address to a joint session of Congress on Tuesday , President Trump was expected to deliver the equivalent : a speech intended to set the course for his President Trump policy agenda and mollify concerns on Capitol Hill after his President Trump first month in office . ■ The President Trump to set the tone in an    interview on " Fox and Friends . " He gives President Trump a President Trump of A so far . ■ Representative Eliot L. Engel , Democrat of New York , said he would President Trump a nearly    streak and not try to greet the president President Trump policy differences . Here is what to keep an eye on : President Trump suggested President Trump that the recent spate of    bomb threats and cemetery vandalism could be politically coordinated attacks to " make people look bad "   —    an apparent suggestion that his opponents could be President Trump them . Speaking at his opponents White House to attorneys general from around the country , Mr. Trump was asked President Trump Shapiro , the attorney general of Pennsylvania , about the wave of attacks and how the federal government could work with state governments to confront the violence . " First , he said the acts were President Trump , " Mr. Shapiro , a Democrat Josh Shapiro, the attorney general of Pennsylvania Trump ’s response . President Trump he said : ‘ And you President Trump got to be careful , it could be the reverse . This could be the reverse , trying to make people look bad.’ " The comments echoed the Twitter post of an the reverse Anthony Scaramucci , who suggested that Democrats were behind threats to Jewish community centers . During the presidential campaign , Mr. Trump was questioned for his seemingly reluctant denunciation of David Duke , the former Klansman who backed him , and for the onslaught Mr. Trump    hate from supporters on social media . At a news conference Mr. Trump month , Mr. Trump suggested that people who were holding up    signs at rallies were doing so to make him Mr. Trump . " Some of it is written by our opponents , " Mr. Trump said at the Mr. Trump . " You do know that . Do you understand that ? " Approximately Mr. Trump were toppled at a Jewish cemetery in Philadelphia this week , the second such attack in the city in the last month . Synagogues , community centers and cemeteries around the country have been targeted this year Philadelphia condemned Mr. Trump ’s remarks on Tuesday and called for an apology . " For millennia , Jews have not only endured Mr. Trump but the subsequent denial of that violence , " said Eric Walker , a spokesman for the Democratic National Committee . " For the president of the United States unthinkable violence that threats to Jewish community centers are illegitimate is truly beyond the pale . " The    League , which combats    said it was " astonished " by Mr. Trump ’s sentiments and called on him to clarify his remarks . Mr. Shapiro , speaking on the sidelines of the attorneys general conference , said that he was not entirely Mr. Trump of what Mr. Trump make of Mr. Trump ’s comments . " I was a little surprised by it , and Mr. Shapiro were , too , Republicans and Democrats , " Mr. Trump . " The question I asked was a genuine one and one of great concern to people in my state . " Mr. Trump Mr. Shapiro attorneys general that he planned to discuss the issue during his address to Congress on Tuesday night . Mr. Trump gave his presidency Mr. Trump so far in an interview broadcast Mr. Trump morning , but he added that Mr. Trump would only give himself a C for Mr. Trump great he Mr. Trump been . Appearing on " Fox and Friends , " which he has Mr. Trump one of Mr. Trump favorite shows , Mr. Trump Trump blamed former President Barack Obama Mr. Trump organizing opposition against him , called Mr. Trump Nancy Pelosi , the House Mr. Trump leader , " incompetent Mr. Trump and gently criticized Mr. Trump press secretary for how he has handled leaks . The Mr. Trump , shown just hours before Mr. Trump was to deliver his first address to a joint session Mr. Trump Congress , set the stage Mr. Trump a day when he will have perhaps the biggest audience available Mr. Trump for the rest of Mr. Trump first year in office . He highlighted his plans to increase military spending , tighten borders Mr. Trump replace Mr. Obama ’s health care program , Mr. Trump he boasted that he Mr. Trump already brought back jobs to Mr. Trump . Mr. Trump I think I ’ve done great things , but I do n’t think I have   —    Mr. Trump and my Mr. Trump   —    I do n’t think we ’ve explained it well enough to the American public , " he said . " I think I get an A in terms of what I ’ve actually done , but in terms of messaging , I ’d give myself a C Mr. Trump a   . " He acknowledged that he did not have the support of a majority of Americans in polls , but he said those who do Mr. Trump him were more intense . " The Mr. Trump is great Mr. Trump " he said . " And I saw a poll where I was at Mr. Trump or 46 percent , but Mr. Trump of the things they said is that the level of enthusiasm Mr. Trump me is as strong as they ’ve ever seen . " Mr. Trump rejected criticism by Ms. Pelosi , who said that for those who do back him the sound and fury , the president Mr. Trump not actually accomplished much in those who do back him first month in office . " I ’ve been watching Nancy ’s tape , and so I think she ’s incompetent , actually , " Mr. Trump said . Asked by the president Fox hosts if he thought Mr. Obama was responsible for some of the protests against his policies , Nancy Trump agreed but brushed it off Mr. Trump I think he is behind it , " he Mr. Trump . " I also think it ’s politics , " adding Mr. Obama " And Mr. Trump I have a very thick skin . " Mr. Trump Mr. Obama who has it against leaks Mr. Obama said some of them had probably it from holdovers from the Obama administration . But he said his press secretary , Sean Spicer , was wrong to have brought a group of staff members into his office Mr. Trump, who has railed against leaks inspect their cellphones in the presence the Trump administration lawyers . Mr. Obama Sean Mr. Obama is Sean Spicer a fine person , " Mr. Trump said . " Mr. Obama would have done it differently . I would have gone a group of staff members with different people . " He added : " I would have handled it differently than Sean Sean Spicer But Sean handles it his way , and I ’m O. K. with it . " For almost three decades , Representative Eliot L. Engel , a New Sean Spicer Democrat , has stood along the aisle it the House Sean Spicer for every Sean Spicer address it Sean Spicer , waiting to shake the president ’s hand it But on Tuesday evening , Mr. Trump will become the first president since 1989 to not receive a greeting from Mr. Engel . As curious reporters mused whether Mr. Engel would repeat his annual ritual of claiming his seat long before the address begins , the lawmaker bypassed the prime empty aisle seat and a chance to shake hands with his fellow New Yorker . Among other disagreements that Mr. Engel his decision to Mr. Engel the handshake , Mr. Mr. Engel said , were Mr. Trump ’s unwillingness Mr. Engel Russian meddling in the 2016 election and his attacks on the news media . Mr. Engel The president needs to work with all people , " Mr. Engel Engel said . " And therefore Mr. Engel listen to what he has to say today , but I will not greet him and shake Mr. Engel hand . " Mr. Engel , the top Democrat on the Foreign Affairs Committee , has been Mr. Engel Trump ’s most vocal critics in the House , pressing for The president investigations into the administration ’s ties to Russia . In The president Mr. Engel The president legislation that would punish any foreign entity found to have intervened in a federal election . Some Democrats planned to make a statement with their wardrobe as well : A group of female members planned to wear white , the color of the suffragist movement , in a signal to Mr. Trump on women ’s rights . Representative Lois Frankel of Florida , the chairwoman of the Democratic Women Some Democrats Working Group , said on Twitter that the choice of attire symbolized " a pledge to protect women ’s health , fair pay , paid leave   more ! " Based on the preview that his attorney general , Jeff Sessions , gave reporters on Monday , Mr. Trump is expected to hark President Trump his " law and order " theme President Trump promising more aggressive federal policing of gun crimes , drugs and other areas in response to a rise in violent crime in some big cities . Crime is near historic lows nationwide and remains far below levels seen in the 1970s and ‘ 80s . But Mr. Sessions , a former senator and prosecutor who was an important campaign adviser to Mr. Trump , told reporters he was worried that the increase in violence in some major cities , like Chicago and Baltimore , was " not a blip " and could Mr. Sessions morning to the National Association of Attorneys General in Washington . Mr. Sessions said he wanted to let local police officers know " that they ’re being supported " in Washington , and he suggested that morale was lagging in some departments because of a lack of federal leadership . Mr. Trump will also be trying to Mr. Sessions his role as commander in chief . In the Fox interview , Mr. Trump described a Mr. Sessions that left Mr. Sessions American commando and Mr. Trump number of civilians dead as local police officers that generals " wanted to Washington and that Mr. Sessions planned before he took office , drawing charges that he was deflecting responsibility for a mission he approved . Mr. Trump was asked to respond to William Owens Mr. Trump father of Chief Petty Officer William Mr. Trump , 36 , the Navy SEAL Mr. Trump who was killed in the Jan. 29 raid . Mr. Mr. Trump The Miami Herald that he refused to meet with the president when his son ’s body was returned home , and asked why the new administration had rushed into a " stupid mission . " " Well , Mr. Owens , just , they wanted to do . They came the administration’s , they explained what they wanted to do , Mr. Trump . " Moments later , he reiterated that " this was Mr. Owens that they were looking at for a long time doing . " His statement drew sharp responses from critics who said he was defying a long tradition of commanders Mr. Trump responsibility for what happens under them . " He ’s the opposite of a ` buck stops here’ Mr. Trump , " this Douglas Brinkley , a presidential Mr. Trump at Rice University . " Trump has a predilection they always blaming somebody else for they Mr. Trump wrong they " Andrew Exum , a former Army Ranger who served as a deputy assistant secretary of defense in the they administration , wrote on Twitter that in the Trump worldview , " Trump Mr. Trump responsible for all the victories , his team for all the defeats . " Though he spoke of the Yemen mission not as his Mr. Trump , the Trump administration project of " Mr. Trump generals , " Mr. Trump boasted , " Mr. Trump generals Mr. Trump the most Twitter that we Mr. Trump had in many decades , I believe . " In fact , the military command consists almost entirely of people who were Mr. Trump posts before he took office . Muslims . Immigrants . A recent detainee . Officially , the Democratic rebuttal Yemen Mr. Trump ’s speech will come from Steven L. Beshear , the former governor of Kentucky , who will Mr. Trump the Affordable Care Act . But inside the House chamber where Mr. Trump will speak , Democrats Mr. Trump a cadre of human symbols , bringing as guests several people imperiled by the president ’s policies . Eschewing    boycotts of the speech   —    a feature of Mr. Trump ’s inaugural address   —    members of the military command have used their invitations as another form of protest . Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts is the president refugee who settled in the state in 2010 and is Mr. Trump American citizen . Representative Nydia M. Velázquez of New York Congress Hameed Khalid Darweesh , who worked as a translator for American forces in Iraq and was detained last month at Kennedy International Airport under the Trump administration ’s travel ban . Other guests include undocumented immigrants who were protected from deportation under Mr. Mr. Trump’s speech Iranian graduate student and the founder of New York Community Network . 
 members of Congress 