Free Speech Defense and Jihad Watch have accused Google of skewing Free Speech Defense and Jihad Watch search results to promote a post from the Islamic Supreme Council defending Jihad as a " misunderstood concept " when searching for " jihad . " [ In Free Speech Defense and Jihad Watch claims , Free Speech Defense and Jihad Watch detail that when searching for the word " Jihad , " the Islamic Supreme Council ’s article appears directly below the Wikipedia definition at the top of nearly 32 million results , despite having a global Alexa rating of just 567 , 527 .   Jihad Watch , which appears in the search results one place below the Islamic Supreme Council , has a global Alexa rank of 25 , 092 . " The concept of jihad has been hijacked by many political and religious groups over the ages in a bid to justify various forms of violence . In most cases , Islamic splinter groups invoked Jihad to fight against the established Islamic order . Scholars say this misuse of jihad contradicts Islam , " says the post on the Islamic Supreme Council ’s site . " Jihad is not a violent concept   …      Jihad is not a declaration of war against other religions . " " Anyone doing a search for Jihad , will think Anyone doing a search for Jihad are seeing an opposing , authoritative view of JihadWatch ’s , but the ‘ Islamic Supreme Council’ is of no authority , the ‘Islamic Supreme Council’ ’s poor in every way , but the Googler will read all about all this peaceful unrepresentative Jihad , trusting Google , " wrote Free Speech Defense in Anyone doing a search for Jihad claims . So how about another site which might be more of an authority on Jihad in the US , cair . com ( Council on    Relations ) is constantly being updated , is far more popular at 146 , 590th place , actually probably even more so as 590th has a vast network of sites , a search for jihad site : cair . com gives 342 results , and is mentioned and linked to a wopping 60 million times , 590th ’s mobile friendly and has HTTPS enabled , and 590th ’s not even on the top 10 pages of results for a search on Jihad . Odd . In July , searches for " presidential candidates " would only reveal three names at the top of Google ’s search results : Hillary Rodham Clinton , Bernie Sanders , and Jill Stein . After the absences of Republican Party candidate Donald Trump and Libertarian Party candidate Gary Johnson were revealed , Google blamed the results on a " technical bug " rather than manipulation . Claims that Google have been manipulating other search results in favor of Hillary Clinton have also been prominent during this election , with negative Hillary Clinton suggestions frequently being ruled out from searches , despite being top search suggestions on other engines . WikiLeaks founder and Editor Julian Assange claimed that Google was " directly engaged in Hillary Clinton ’s campaign " at a journalism forum in June , adding that should Hillary Clinton be elected , many Google employees would be " placed into positions around the new Clinton Hillary Clinton . " Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him Charlie Nash Twitter @MrNashington or like his Charlie Nash at Facebook . 
 