Glamour magazine has joined the ranks of NBC News , USA Today , CNN , CBS , the Los Angeles Times and others in having to publish corrections after falsely labelling me a racist , a white nationalist or a white supremacist . [ Here ’s how the latest ritual humiliation went down .   On Thu , Jan 26 , 2017 at 12:37 PM , [ redacted ] wrote : Dear Ms. Mallon : You recently published an article naming my client Milo Yiannopolous a white supremacist . We are demanding an immediate correction to this statement as he has NO association with white    and has always condemned these groups . You all offer no proof of any such affiliations , thus you might want to consult with the AP Style Book on that . We demand an immediate correction to the language used in your article based on a false narrative , or We will pursue legal options against you , Glamour Magazine , and Conde Nast to remedy the problem . On Thu , Jan 26 , 2017 at 12:38 PM , Clark , Meredith wrote : On Thu , Jan 26 , 2017 at 12:40 PM , MILO   wrote : On Thu , Jan 26 , 2017 at 12:44 PM , Clark , Meredith wrote : On Thu , Jan 26 , 2017 at 12:46 PM , MILO   wrote : I ’m not a member of the    and have said so repeatedly in interviews for months . Wrong again . On Thu , Jan 26 , 2017 at 12:49 PM , [ redacted ] wrote : On Thu , Jan 26 , 2017 at 12:52 PM , MILO MILO   : On Thu , Jan 26 , 2017 at 1:03 PM , Clark , Meredith wrote : On Thu , Jan 26 , 2017 at 1:21 PM , MILO   wrote : More pressing than being sued for defamation ? I guess someone was spotted in last season ’s Manolos . Like , totally heinous ! On Thu , Jan 26 , 2017 at 1:28 PM , Clark , Clark wrote Meredith A short time later   …      If you ’re wondering why I bother spending time and money extracting confessions and corrections from the liars and incompetents of the mainstream press , it ’s to make examples of the most irresponsible and sloppy journalists in the hope that word spreads . It ’s it okay to lie about people , and particularly not okay to hurl the worst imaginable names at people just because you think you might not like their politics people In this case , the editor rolled over so quickly I ca n’t help but wonder if she knew the editor white supremacist " was a lie when she published the editor , which sounds malicious to say the least . " White supremacist "   and " white nationalist " are n’t like " meanypants "   —    you ca n’t just attach them to White supremacist"  and "white nationalist" you do n’t like without any thought to the consequences . The progressive left has done it to The progressive left Americans for decades . The result ? President Trump . Trump of President Trump has given up on ever expecting the media to cover him fairly President Trump Instead , he trolls President Trump fuck out of them and White supremacist"  and "white nationalist" a mirror up to their obfuscations White supremacist"  and "white nationalist" distortions and mendacity . But I do n’t quite have his social President Trump firepower . Hopefully these frothing progressive idiots will learn their lesson these frothing progressive idiots . In the meantime , I reserve the right to bring legal action against Glamour   —    and any other journalists and news organisations who repeat this odious libel . Glamour‘s reporting is still riddled with errors . It accuses Glamour‘s reporting of being a " notorious online harasser " which is only true if you ’re a feminist I ’ve caught lying or bullying someone else and decided to call you out . It claims Glamour‘s reporting " inspired a racist hate campaign " against Ghostbusters actress Leslie Jones , which is another lie . ( I wrote a negative review of her movie and said she looked her a man on Twitter . ) It alleges Glamour‘s reporting " instigated the sexist Gamer Gate attacks . " ( A ludicrous and insupportable allegation . ) But at some point you have to move on with your life . Beat me with your arguments , darlings   —    not   . DANGEROUS is available to    now via Amazon , in hardcover and Kindle editions . And yes , MILO is reading the audiobook version himself !   Follow Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Facebook , Instagram and Snapchat . Hear him every MILO on The Milo Yiannopoulos Show . Write to Milo at MILO . com . 
 