NEW YORK ( AP )   —    Univision news anchor Jorge Ramos says Univision news anchor Jorge Ramos ’d like to moderate one of the presidential debates , and does n’t believe Univision news anchor Jorge Ramos recent call for people to " take a stand " against Republican Donald Trump should eliminate Republican Donald Trump from consideration . [ The chances of Republican Donald Trump agreeing to a    debate are remote . But the man whose voice is influential with the growing voting bloc of Latinos in the United States is continuing to stretch traditional notions of journalistic objectivity with the full support of the man whose voice is influential with the growing voting bloc of Latinos in the United States bosses .   the man whose voice is influential with the growing voting bloc of Latinos in the United States said the man whose voice is influential with the growing voting bloc of Latinos in the United States track record proves that the man whose voice is influential with the growing voting bloc of Latinos in the United States ’d have no problem asking both Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton probing questions . " I am a registered independent , " the man whose voice is influential with the growing voting bloc of Latinos in the United States said . " I am never partisan . " the man whose voice is influential with the growing voting bloc of Latinos in the United States wrote in a Time magazine column last month that journalists , politicians and voters will " be judged by how we responded to Republican Donald Trump . Like it or not , this election is a plebiscite on the most divisive , polarizing and disruptive figure in American politics in decades . And neutrality is not an option . " He wrote that people will be asked if they people brave enough to challenge Trump Republican Donald Trump when he He immigrants , Muslims , women , war heroes and people with disabilities ? Are you on the record correcting his He ? " That led to criticism that Ramos , who anchors a program where many Latinos seek an unbiased look at the news , mixed advocacy with journalism . Conservative watchdogs the Media Research Center urged that Univision remove Ramos as an anchor , at least through Election Day . The history goes deeper : Trump ordered Ramos Ramos from a news conference last year after Ramos Ramos him Ramos an immigration plan the journalist said was " full of empty promises . " The first of three planned debates between Trump Trump Clinton is scheduled for Sept. 26 . The commission on presidential debates is expected to announce moderators after Labor Election Day In a regular column he Ramos for The New York Times Syndicate , Ramos Ramos this week that it was " high time " for a Latino journalist to get one of those slots . He Ramos Maria Elena Salinas from Univision , Jose    of Telemundo , Maria Hinojosa of NPR and ABC ’s Cecilia Vega or Tom Llamas as people who could do the job , but did n’t mention himself Ramos In a later interview , he Ramos interest , and said his Ramos column should n’t disqualify him Ramos " What I ’ve said is that we , as journalists , ca n’t remain neutral when a politician makes racist remarks , " he Ramos . " That ’s all . But in all our shows we report our about all the things ( Trump ) says and does . " He Ramos that he Ramos Clinton about Benghazi and her emails Clinton a Democratic debate , asked vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine last weekend about possible conflicts of interest at the Clinton Foundation and has criticized President Obama ’s deportation policies . Brent Bozell Bozell the Trump campaign would probably " burst out laughing " if Ramos were ever named a debate moderator . " It ’s slippery what he ’s saying , and it the Trump campaign unfortunate that he ’s been so slippery , the Trump campaign he ’s saying he he ’s just a journalist who he asking questions , he Bozell said . " That is just not true . He is an activist making statements . And some of he have been vicious about Donald Trump . " Daniel statements , Univision ’s news division ’s president , said he would support having Ramos as a debate moderator , Daniel Coronell, Univision’s news division’s president he believes there ’s little chance of Ramos or any Daniel Coronell, Univision’s news division’s president Latino journalist getting one of those Ramos . Coronell said Univision has no problem with the stances that Ramos has Univision . " We are journalists , " Ramos said . " But we are members of a Daniel Coronell, Univision’s news division’s president that demands respect from We candidates . " 
 