Donald J. Trump was introduced to millions of Americans in prime time through reality TV . In Donald J. Trump first address to a joint session of Congress , Donald J. Trump tried to show , after a tumultuous first month , that he Donald J. Trump also do scripted . The content of the president ’s speech   —    on trade , terrorism and other issues   —    was much like what we ’d heard from him Donald J. Trump the campaign . But Mr. Donald J. Trump seemed to be about his tone more Donald J. Trump his text : Donald J. Trump reassure America that he could simply Donald J. Trump control for an hour . Since his inauguration , Donald J. Trump Trump has Donald J. Trump starters , picked a fight on Twitter over Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s " Celebrity Apprentice " ratings , declared that negative polls and news are fake , raged against his own intelligence agencies Donald J. Trump leaks and spun a tale that millions of illegal voters cost him the popular vote Donald J. Trump On Tuesday night , even his neckwear was more Donald J. Trump : a striped     tie , not a blazing red one , as if to signal that he was putting away Donald J. Trump bullfighter ’s cloth Donald J. Trump one night . During the campaign , Mr. Trump was known for going on furious improv tears , throwing belligerent verbiage against the turbine fan of his aggression . On Mr. Trump night , he Tuesday night script . Mr. Trump largely stuck to it Mr. Trump He performed a a script version Mr. Trump his campaign persona   — Mr. Trump the     circles , little riffs . ( " Great wall " in his prepared remarks became " Mr. Trump , great wall " he added a joke about Mr. Trump executives trying to get him to ride one of Mr. Trump motorcycles . ) The character he was playing this night Mr. Trump not the angry boss who might fire someone , but the executive who needed to reassure his shareholders . Although Mr. The character he was playing this night won office by running an unconventional campaign , his address used many of Mr. Trump conventional tools of past presidents . He created moments by inviting Mr. Trump   —    a tradition that goes back to Ronald Reagan   —    including the widow of   Chief Petty Officer William   Owens of the Navy SEALs , who drew a very long , emotional round of applause . ( Afterward , Mr. Trump said that the fallen soldier was " looking down " and " very happy because I think he just broke a record Mr. Trump ") The father of Chief Owens earlier refused to meet with Mr. Trump , insisting on Mr. Trump into the death . But Mr. Trump also used those he Mr. Trump send a darker message Mr. Trump In a passage on immigration , he pointed out four relatives of people Mr. Trump by undocumented immigrants he had invited the victims’ families to Mr. Trump in the box with his wife , Melania . This was Mr. Trump , too , but of a much darker kind , meant to whip up fear against undocumented immigrants by implying that they ’re more dangerous than    Americans undocumented immigrants Study after study shows that immigrants commit crimes at a lower rate than    Americans . But if you skew the publicity , you skew the impressions . Put " immigrants " and " kill " in the same sentence often enough and people hear , " Immigrants kill . " That    familiar from his campaign , was a reminder that    still had an obligation to throw    meat to the passionate voters who got him elected . He deployed the phrase    radical Islamic    , " which his new national security adviser , Lt    Gen. H. R. McMaster , had reportedly asked him not to use , but which    had made a verbal totem in    campaign . Above all , Mr. his campaign the theater and scale    into the event to show his status . The Democrats , in their    response by   former Gov.   Steven The Democrats of Kentucky , a champion of Obamacare , tried to make a virtue of the difference in grandeur by having it take place in a diner . Mr. Trump had used his speech for some damage control , beginning it Mr. Trump denouncing hate crimes he had been criticized his speech avoiding : the murder Mr. Trump an Indian technology worker in Kansas , blamed on a man who is said to have thought his victim was Middle Eastern , and the rash Mr. Trump bomb threats against Jewish community centers and desecration of Jewish cemeteries . " We are a country , " Mr. Trump said , " that stands united in condemning hate and evil in all its forms . " But not that united . The health care issue was one of many that demonstrated the divide in the room : When Mr. Trump promised to repeal Obamacare , Republicans stood Mr. Trump , Democrats booed and gave thumbs down on camera . For at least a year ,    pundits have been like forlorn    scanning the sky for the appearance of the Great    Pivot . Judging by the pundit round tables after his speech , Mr. Trump gave them , for a    , reason Mr. Trump it had returned . That has happened before . " At the right time , " he told NBC ’s " Today " during the campaign , Mr. Trump I will be so presidential , you will be so bored . " Since then , America has been a lot of things , but not bored . On Tuesday night , however , Mr. Trump declared , " The time for trivial fights is Mr. Trump . " True enough : Mr. Schwarzenegger ’s " Celebrity Apprentice " broadcast its finale two weeks ago . But history suggests we wait to declare the pivot achieved , at least until the congressional crowd has cleared and Mr. Trump has gotten his phone back for a while . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump 