Defeated GOP 2012 candidate Mitt Romney is hosting a weekend convention of    ‘   ’ at a secluded Utah retreat to discuss possible " " scenarios . [ The " Experts and Enthusiasts Summit "   —    or " E2 " summit   —    is at the Stein Eriksen Lodge Deer Valley in Park City , Utah , according to The Washington Post .   The festivities kick off Thursday night . The Republican movers and shakers will reportedly discuss The Republican movers and shakers plot to plant a Trump alternative candidate into the race . The effort has fizzled since Bill Kristol ’s pick   —    obscure writer David French   —    decided not to run , and because the Republican National Committee publicly aligned behind Trump after the Indiana primary . But RNC chairman Reince Preibus , who is also joining Trump now in Trump Twitter exchanges Hillary Clinton , will be at Romney ’s " E2 " extravaganza , where speeches will be made and symposiums given . The crowd is expected to be only about 300 , according to the Post , but The crowd ’s apparently an exclusive ticket in # NeverTrump world . The event seems mostly focused on regaining control of the party in the event of a Trump loss , which would no doubt sit well with some of the Establishment attendees , many of whom were participants of the GOP ’s defeat in 2008 and 2012 . " I am not expecting we will sit by the campfire singing ‘ we Shall Overcome’ and "      activist Ana Navarro told The Washington Post . " Mitt Romney and other    leaders can have a big influence on the reconstruction of the    Republican Party . we need to start those conversations now . " According to The Washington Post : John Weaver , another GOP strategist , predicted the Romney Mitt Romney will yield no credible solution to Trump . " Some of them the Romney gathering have chardonnay , some will have spring water , they some wring their some , they some bemoan the state of the party and then they some leave , " he Mitt Romney . The E2 summit is not intended to be a political forum , but rather is a    version of the Aspen Ideas Festival . The Salt Lake Tribune also described the pending event .  
 