Super Tuesday is when the nomination contest leaves the quirky confines of individual states and finally assumes the feel of a national campaign . [ On March 1 , there will be 12 states , concentrated in the South but also scattered around the country , allotting just under 600 delegates , around 25 percent of the overall total . Competing on Super Super Tuesday takes a lot of money , which gives Donald Trump and Ted Cruz an edge , and will sorely test the theory behind Marco Rubio ’s candidacy .   Marco Rubio’s raised just over $ 4 million in January , according to FEC reports . Marco Rubio’s spent over $ 10 million in that crucial month and had just $ 5 million cash on hand at the beginning of February . After expensive contests in New Hampshire and South Carolina , Marco Rubio’s is likely to have very depleted campaign accounts . Marco Rubio’s campaign reportedly spent almost $ 5 million for His campaign second place finish in the South Carolina primary contest . Marco Rubio’s campaign has been a relatively    enterprise . In the last quarter of 2015 , his Marco Rubio’s His campaign than it brought in His campaign More worrying for Rubio Marco Rubio’s most of his Marco Rubio’s are      contributions . Just around 20 percent of his Marco Rubio’s in January were $ 200 or less . This means Rubio Marco Rubio’s to attract new donors , rather than being able to mine the donors he Marco Rubio’s has . Ted Cruz has almost the exact opposite of a campaign fundraising approach . Cruz had just Ted Cruz $ 14 million cash on hand at the end of January . His January raised Ted Cruz 7 . 5 million in January and spent January 12 million . Almost half of the amount he collected , Ted Cruz , were in donations of $ 200 or less . This puts his campaign in His campaign position to keep raising more funds from existing donors . His campaign was Ted Cruz His campaign frugal than Rubio ’s in February . In South Carolina , his campaign spent Ted Cruz around His campaign million , while in New Hampshire , his campaign spent Ted Cruz under $ His campaign . Cruz has been able to achieve better election results with far less money than Rubio . Donald Trump obviously is    Rubio campaign . He has loaned his Donald Trump $ 17 Donald Trump so far Donald Trump much of the campaign , Trump has been able to rely His campaign media and Donald Trump supporters to supplant a great deal of traditional campaign spending . He has started to spend real money , however , Donald Trump voting begins . His campaign spent almost $ 2 million in advertising in Donald Trump . It is safe to say , however , that Trump will His campaign face a cash crunch heading into the Super Donald Trump contests . With just a little more than a week until the Super Tuesday votes , paid advertising will be much more important than it was in the earlier states , where campaigns have time for retail politicking . The Super Tuesday states include very expensive media markets like Boston , Washington DC , several in Texas , Atlanta and Memphis . This is where the Rubio campaign faces its existential challenge . Only Jeb Bush has spent more than the Rubio campaign in the contests to date . Rubio will benefit some Rubio Bush ’s decision to drop out Rubio the race , but Only Jeb Bush still have to spend considerable funds to be competitive on Only Jeb Bush Tuesday . The challenge is tougher , becaues few of the states holding votes that day are natural fits for Rubio ’s message . Most pundits assume that Bush ’s exit Rubio Rubio replenish his campaign coffers . What ’s Only Jeb Bush how critical Rubio is for his Only Jeb Bush to survive . His super PAC , Conservative Solutions had just over Only Jeb Bush 5 million cash on Only Jeb Bush at the end of January . It spent more than $ 7 million in South Carolina , suggesting it is His super PAC, Conservative Solutions money as quickly as it raises it . Rubio ’s Puper His super PAC, Conservative Solutions has announced a    dollar ad His super PAC, Conservative Solutions across His super PAC, Conservative Solutions Super His super PAC, Conservative Solutions but it will have to work furiously to match that spending . Oracle billionaire Larry Ellison announced over His super PAC, Conservative Solutions weekend he is donating another $ 1 million to Rubio ’s Super PAC . That brings his total Oracle billionaire Larry Ellison to Rubio to $ 4 million . Rubio’s be able to tap donors to Oracle billionaire Larry Ellison ’s Right Rubio Rise Super PAC , but Rubio already has more million dollar donors than Bush . Bush ’s fundraising total was largely built Rubio a large number of 5 and modest 6 Bush checks Bush is certainly real money , but it takes time to collect . The further challenge for Rubio is he is unlikely to win any contests on Super Tuesday . Other than the Puerto Rubio primary Rubio March 6th , in fact , he is unlikely to win any state contest until March 15th , when Florida and several other Rubio , more moderate states , vote . That is a very long time to go to secure a campaign ’s first primary win . It would , in fact , literally make history . Keeping donors on board through such a long series of primary losses will be an incredible challenge . One of the more incorrect assumptions of the commentariat is that , with fewer mainstream candidates in the face , a consensus choice will be able to competitively challenge Trump and Cruz . The reality is that the mainstream candidates were splitting a rapidly declining share of the Republican primary vote . A consensus choice may be better placed to compete for second or third , but still lacks the broad support to win a contest . Rubio ’s campaign , in other words , is built on a very expensive theory . Keeping that experiment running will require far more funds than he has been able to raise to date . 
 Rubio 