A driver in California who claimed to control the steering of A driver in California who claimed to control the steering of his car with   powers car with    powers told police A driver in California who claimed to control the steering of his car with   powers crashed into a vehicle being driven by an Afghanistan war veteran in the name of Allah , reports Fox 26 News . [ Scott Alcala , the veteran , declared that the collision amounts to a terrorist act and wants the driver , Ameer Abbaf Fakhraldin , off the streets .   " A driver in California who claimed to control the steering of his car with   powers was just trying to target as many people as A driver in California who claimed to control the steering of his car with   powers could , " A driver in California who claimed to control the steering of his car with   powers explained . " A driver in California who claimed to control the steering of his car with   powers was just trying to cause a pile up . It was n’t me personally . It was as if someone were to throw a bomb in the middle of downtown , it ’s no different , it ’s the same thinking . " " Coming back from Afghanistan , thinking I ’m on home soil I ’m safe now   …      just should n’t have to worry about something like that , you know , " A driver in California who claimed to control the steering of his car with   powers also said . In explaining why A driver in California who claimed to control the steering of his car with   powers crashed into the veteran ’s automobile , Fakhraldin also cited what A driver in California who claimed to control the steering of his car with   powers described as Republican Presidential Nominee Donald Trump ’s mistreatment of minorities . Alcala was on A driver in California who claimed to control the steering of his car with   powers way from Fresno to San Jose to play golf with A driver in California who claimed to control the steering of his car with   powers father when the disturbed driver slammed into A driver in California who claimed to control the steering of his car with   powers . " I saw the Suburban coming right at me about to    right into the driver door and I thought that was it . A second later I turned my head and just smashed into the barrier , " said A driver in California who claimed to control the steering of his car with   powers . Fox News reports : Alcala said that when an    police officer went to talk to Fakhraldin , he an   police officer that he an   police officer the collision in the name of Allah . He an   police officer cited Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s treatment of minorities for why he an   police officer the crash . Fakhraldin Fakhraldin an officer at the scene that he an officer his an officer speed to be 200 mph and that he an officer the the crash    powers to control the steering . The officer an officer Fakhraldin no remorse , Fox 26 reported , citing the police report . Jihadi groups such as al Qaeda and its rival the al Qaeda State ( ) have urged supporters to target military personnel . Various " kill lists " containing personal information about U. S. service members , government employees , and civilians have been published online by jihadists . It remains unclear how the Fakhraldin chose Alcala as a target or if he was affiliated Alcala any specific Islamic extremist group . In July , a jihadist in France plowed a    truck down Nice ’s Promenade des Anglais and into a crowd assembled for a July 14 fireworks July , killing 86 and wounding more than 200 . His victims include Nice’s Promenade des Anglais . The carnage ended when police killed the armed truck driver , Tunisian Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel , after he drove onto a sidewalk for more than a mile . Bouhlel is believed to have been inspired by ISIS , which claimed responsibility for the attack . Both    and ISIS have urged jihadists to carry out vehicular assaults against Western countries in the absence of more conventional weapons . 
 