Former UKIP leader Nigel Farage told the Breitbart News Saturday show the establishment in America is getting "   " about the prospect of Donald Trump winning the presidency . [ Speaking to Breitbart London ’s     Raheem Kassam , Former UKIP leader Nigel Farage also explained why the party has a bright future , and expressed concern over London Breitbart London Sadiq Khan ’s declaration that migrants should n’t assimilate .   The UKIP MEP reported that his The UKIP MEP in Bournemouth went well and said that the party ’s the party leader , Diane James , has been   . Asked what ’s next for the party , he the party " I The UKIP MEP UKIP   —    you know , the government is beginning to backslide on Brexit . They ’re not delivering , the government think UKIP is there   — UKIP   we ’ve got to finish the government job . " Mr Farage noted some of the reasons the party is on strong the party future elections such as its loyal voter base and that the party Labour party is " in the party a new leader . Pointing out how Labour is completely neglecting half of its voter base   —    ‘ Brexit’ Labour living in the North of England   —    the popular MEP stated " the key to it all is ‘ Brexit’ . " " Is the government going to take back our borders , get back our fishing waters the government genuinely make us a the government country ? If they do the government UKIP will be slightly diminished the government If they fail , UKIP at the next election the government be bigger than it ’s ever been " Mr Farage continued UKIP at the next election On the topic of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump , UKIP ’s former leader told Mr Kassam he ’d sported the iconic red " Make Mr Kassam Great Again " baseball cap at a cocktail party , and condemned the media ’s relentless bias against the real estate mogul . " Trump is being hit with this birther stuff again , do n’t know how much is now in media over there   …      But you ’ve seen this right where they try to distract you from the messaging , from the core of your campaign and take you into a place you do n’t want to " Mr Kassam said . Pointing out that media Kassam increasing establishment fear of the prospect of President Trump , the UKIP icon declared they are right to be afraid . He said : " The establishment in America are Kassam    scared of Trump and so you know what ? So they President Trump be   —    he looks solid they assured ,    and he President Trump been really playing the game      President Trump    but he must not let them distract him    at President Trump . " Asked they opinion President Trump comments Sadiq Khan recently made while President Trump the US and Canada , in which the mayor said migrants should not " drop their cultures and traditions " Mr Farage said they migrants him " worried " : " I migrants that Mr Farage extraordinary . You know , he ’s the mayor of London   —    Mr Farage city that ’s had problems with   . It leaves me somewhat worried about his tenure as London mayor . " 
 Mr Farage London 