The same media that slavishly ignored the alleged rape of a     girl by two illegal immigrants in Rockville , Maryland , spent last week crowing about the prosecutor ’s refusal to bring charges . [ ( Please be advised that some of the language in this column may be offensive to readers . )     It turns out that illegal aliens    a     girl in a bathroom stall is not a statutory rape because    …      the girl had previously sent one of the girl assailants prurient text messages . Somebody better tell the college campuses . Columbia University ’s Mattress Girl , Emma Sulkowicz , became an international cause celebre after alleging rape against a fellow student to whom the girl ’d sent dozens of desperate and salacious messages   —    including , most memorably , " f —   k me in the butt , " and " I wuv you so much . " the girl ’d also had consensual sex with ’d several times , only one of which the girl deemed " rape . " Sulkowicz ’s " f —   k me in the butt " texts were no impediment to the girl becoming the face of silenced rape victims on campus . the girl was sympathetically profiled everywhere Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand invited Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand to Obama ’s 2015 State of the Union address and the girl dragged a mattress around campus with the girl as the girl senior thesis project    …      "   …      a succinct and powerful performance piece    …     "   —    The New York Times , "   …      like ‘ The Vagina Monologues,’ only more subtle    …     "   —    Ann Coulter , In Monologues,’ lavish coverage of our brave    heroine , The New York Times reminded readers : " False reports of rape are rare , many experts say . " In fact , according to the FBI , there are more false rape claims than false reports of any other crime . That ’s why normal people like to look at the facts . For example , how long did it take the alleged victim to report the rape ? How sophisticated is she the alleged victim Is the story plausible ? Did the accuser have any other motive to cry rape ? And is there any record of her the alleged victim the suspect to sodomize her the alleged victim Mattress Girl waited seven months to report her Mattress Girl    even then , only to college administrators , not the police . In the intervening months , she strenuously , Mattress Girl unsuccessfully , pursued a relationship with her alleged rapist Mattress Girl Rolling Stone ’s " Jackie " never reported her apocryphal rape Mattress Girl explaining to The Washington Post that after allegedly being violently    she was " Mattress Girl of the resources available to her . " Mattress Girl Heard of 911 ? ) By contrast , the     girl in Maryland emerged from the bathroom stall and immediately reported her rape to the    girl in Maryland . According to the police report , she had run into the    girl in Maryland friend ,     the    girl in Maryland Montano , and his friend ,     Henry    in a school hallway . ( The    and     are both in the 9th grade . We really are getting the best illegal immigrants ! ) She knew Montano , the    girl in Maryland not   . Montano hugged her , Montano her the    girl in Maryland and asked the    girl in Maryland to have sex the    girl in Maryland both men . She says she said the    girl in Maryland   the    girl in Maryland    something generally missing from the corpus of cases making up the " campus rape epidemic . " Montano and    then Montano her into a boys’ the    girl in Maryland , according to the report , where she grabbed the bathroom the    girl in Maryland to stop them from dragging her " Montano and    a stall the    girl in Maryland repeatedly saying " no . " In the stall , the a stall turns holding her down , as the    girl in Maryland penetrated her orally , the illegals the    girl in Maryland anally . As she was screaming , the    girl in Maryland yelled at one another the illegals Spanish . Although there was no hard evidence , like the victim dragging a mattress around for a year , police investigators did find blood and semen in the bathroom stall . If a stall on the left ’s via dolorosa of campus rape had allegations like these , the accuser would be on a postage stamp , have laws named after her , and she ’d be the the accuser giving the the accuser of the Union address . She ’d be having lunch with Lena the accuser , Emma Watson would play her in the movie , and Lady the accuser would write a song about her . Instead , because the accused the accuser ( " Dreamers , " as I call them ) are illegal aliens , the media want to submit their names for sainthood . The prosecutor the accused rapists ("Dreamers," as I call them) are illegal aliens Montgomery County State ’s Attorney John McCarthy , wants to know how short the    ’s skirt was . McCarthy dropped rape charges against both suspects John McCarthy reportedly on the grounds that the girl had previously sent nude photos the accuser to Montano . This , the prosecutor the accuser as consent to have    The prosecutor, Montgomery County State’s Attorney John McCarthy a bathroom stall with him , as well as any of his friends The prosecutor, Montgomery County State’s Attorney John McCarthy Can we get the      rule The prosecutor, Montgomery County State’s Attorney John McCarthy into college guidelines on sexual assault ? However risque her texts were , ca n’t a girl the accuser her mind ? Evidently , she thought it the accuser rape when she emerged the accuser the bathroom , inasmuch as the accuser promptly notified authorities . Is n’t it the accuser she also thought it was rape as it the accuser happening , an it or so earlier ? Mattress Girl was old enough to attend college , vote and buy a mattress , but it was rude to mention her text requests for anal sex and previous the accuser with the alleged rapist . Only when the accused is an illegal do the victim ’s    texts become binding consent to all forms of sex with the illegal   —    plus his friends . There ’s also the fact that she ’s 14 years old ! Her alleged the accuser are 17 and 18 . the accuser about 700 years of    law , that ’s statutory rape . ( Statute of Westminster of 1275 . ) Apparently , diversity   —    in addition to being a " strength "   —    requires us to jettison our statutory rape laws . This is the case us media are howling with glee about   —    demanding that President Trump apologize for even mentioning it . The New York Times and Washington Post both editorialized about Trump ’s " reflexive   "    —    after first telling their readers about the alleged rape that neither paper The New York Times and Washington Post both bothered reporting when it happened . CNN   —    which also neither paper n’t mention the Rockville case until charges were dropped   —    is in a state of high dudgeon at Trump for citing the rape . Erin Burnett announced : " Tonight , the White House not backing down , refusing to retract its comments on an alleged rape case used   the White House    that they used as an example of why the United the White House should crack down on illegal immigration . " Correspondent Ryan Nobles raged that White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer referred to what the White House the     girl as " tragedies like this . " " Tragedies ! " This milquetoast , boring American girl got to experience diversity , up close   —    vaginally , anally and orally   —    AND THE WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY CALLS THAT A " TRAGEDY " ? In multicultural America , sexually active college coeds are treated like naive     girls , while naive     girls are treated like hardened hussies   —    depending on who the accused rapist is . A " frat boy , " an athlete ( black or white ) or a white male : Always guilty , no due process allowed . Illegal aliens : She was asking for it . 
 