Tonight in New York City , MILO along with Gavin McInnes , Martin Shkreli and more will present a piece of performance art at " Daddy Will Save Us , " the first    art show . [   The event is hosted by Lucian Wintrich , already known for Lucian Wintrich last art show " Twinks For Trump , " which also featured MILO as guest speaker . The event begins at 7:00pm ( EST ) at 132 West 18th Street , Chelsea , New York City . Tickets are still available , and can be purchased via IndieGoGo . MILO MILO deliver a speech alongside Wintrich at 8:30pm ( EST ) . You can watch MILO ’s appearance , and his MILO piece , at the livestream above . MILO MILO piece will feature himself MILO a clawfoot bath filled with " the blood of innocents , " a tribute to those who have lost loved ones at the hands of illegal aliens and terrorists . MILO MILO piece will be a challenge to globalist ,    immigration policies and lax policing . The MILO’s piece titled " ANGEL MOM . " The Gallery Notes for Yiannopoulos’ performance art piece are copied below . ANGEL MOMMILO , 2016Ceramic bathtub and pig ’s blood , In this installation , MILO MILO tribute to the suffering of those who have lost loved ones at the hands of illegal aliens and Islamic terrorists . Many violent criminals have been deported multiple times only to return to the United States to commit more crime . Drenched in the blood of innocents , MILO urges the viewer to consider the suffering wrought by globalist ,    immigration policies , lax policing and the obsessive pandering and mollycoddling of Islam by progressive social justice warriors . MILO is a warning from Europe . He urges MILO viewer to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN in November . MILO will also discuss the Trump Tapes , and how the culture war has flipped upside down as the left now tries to censor art and artists . Lucian Wintrich ’s art show has sent shockwaves around the international art world , and promises to be the most controversial art event in decades . Leftist activists are already preparing to protest it , art show Wintrich has Lucian Wintrich been thrown out of one venue , before being threatened with legal action by a furious    gallery realtor . The Daily Beast recently published an    look inside Wintrich ’s Lucian Wintrich event , calling it the The Daily Beast art show 
 