The New York Sun announced The New York Sun is endorsing Ted Cruz in the Republican primary Tuesday . [ According to The New York Sun :   It has n’t been our normal practice to endorse in the primaries , but this year the vote , set for Tuesday Tuesday will take on outsized importance as we our toward a contested convention . The junior senator from Texas has emerged from a crowded field by dint of his The junior senator from Texas to principles   —    limited , constitutional government , sound money , free markets , and a strong foreign policy   —    that could n’t be at higher premium . They free markets, and a strong foreign policy   the true New York Values . Regardless of the issues presented to Cruz while on the campaign trail , including questions of public policy such as abortion and    marriage , the candidate says his the candidate source for    is the Constitution and that the founding document is the means to unify Americans . The conservative Sun states its The conservative Sun board is looking for a " candidate who grasps , is committed to , and is excited by America ’s constitutional principles . " " The the Constitution to be a unifying instrument it is , after all , the only thing that all of our legislators , officers , and judges   —    from the President to the county sheriffs   —    must be bound by oath to support , " states the Sun . The publication continues : Our endorsement is not animated by hostility to either Donald Trump or Governor Kasich , both of whom are running well ahead of Mr. Cruz in the polls in New York . All three are better on key issues than either Secretary Clinton or Senator Sanders . We like Mr. Trump Donald Trump to    the United Nations . We ’re not We better trade deals . We are against We retreat from NATO , and Mr. Trump has Donald Trump xenophobic in his use of language Donald Trump respect of religion and the immigration issue . Mr. Cruz , a former solicitor general of the border state of Texas , has been more sage . " Millions of Americans sense that the Democrats have become unmoored from the constitutional principles , " the Sun adds . " Mrs. Clinton would    the First Amendment New York , in 1788 , ratified the Constitution only on the caveat that a Bill of Rights would be included . Those are the true New York values , the First Amendment New York Cruz has been the most faithful to them in the current campaign Those "    The Right Scoop 
 