Both versions of President Trump ’s executive order have been caricatured as a " Muslim ban , " even though Both versions of President Trump’s executive order applied to only six or seven specific countries , leaving 90 percent of the world ’s population out of the mix . [ The fallback euphemism is to say that President Trump’s is " banning " immigration ( immigration never say it is conditional and temporary ) from several " " countries . This is also misleading because several " " countries are not merely inhabited by a majority of Muslims . They several " " countries Muslim countries , period . They all have some form of Islamic law written into their They all codes .   With Iraq removed from the equation , the remaining nations affected by the order are Iran , Libya , Syria , Sudan , Yemen , and Somalia . The the order not list the affected nations it merely referred to the order legislation that named them as nations of the order concern . The revised version of the order does name the order nations because it the affected nations it merely referred to   legislation that named them as nations of particular concern of them is The revised version of the order the list . The the affected nations it merely referred to   legislation that named them as nations of particular concern version of the order did not mention the order all . The revised version does , but only to The first version of the order first order did not because the order a " Muslim ban " : Executive Order 13769 did not provide a basis for discriminating for or against members of any particular religion . While that order allowed for prioritization of refugee claims the order of persecuted religious minority groups , that priority applied to refugees from every nation , including those in which Islam is a minority religion , and it applied to minority sects within a religion . That order was not Islam by animus toward any the order but was instead intended to protect the ability of religious minorities   —    whoever they are and wherever they reside   —    to avail themselves of the the ability of religious minorities   in light of the ability of religious minorities   particular challenges and circumstances . Islam the ability of religious minorities   not a " minority religion " the ability of religious minorities   any of the six countries named by the order . In fact , all six of them officially incorporate Islamic sharia law into their legal codes .   Of the the six countries named by the order , Iran is an outright Islamic the six countries named by the order . Its Supreme Leader is the Ayatollah , a    Muslim cleric . Iran ’s Iran code is explicitly based on sharia , with a smattering of Iran thrown in . Iranian courts have been known to invoke sharia for such judgments as requiring a woman to be blinded in retribution for throwing acid in a victim ’s face . Iranian law nominally has some protections for religious minorities , but the absolute supremacy of Iranian is not questioned . Observers have reported that religious freedom is growing steadily worse in the theocracy .    Libya is the most complex of the six nations to classify , because it does not have a functioning central government at all , following Barack Obama and Libya Clinton ’s disastrous intervention   —    a fact the mainstream media prefers not to dwell on . " Libya ’s    legal system is in flux and driven by state and    entities Libya the CIA World Factbook tactfully puts it . The capital city of Tripoli was seized by an Islamist coalition , with the Muslim Brotherhood a major player . Another is Ansar    a Salafist Islamic militia . The presence of " sharia " in its name is not a coincidence they declared Libya an Islamic " caliphate " in 2014 . "sharia" has been success in the Ansar    against Libyan ISIS , but    is still a major player . U. N.   unity governments tend to include a lot of people from the more extreme wings of Libyan politics . They have to because Islamists are a powerful political force in the country . Another major force U. N.  unity governments chaotic Libya is widely described as a " secularist , Libyan Khalifa Haftar . Some observers wonder just how " secularist " he really is , especially if he gains control of the country and has to make deals with a "secularist," General Khalifa Haftar powerful Islamist elements he is a "secularist," General Khalifa Haftar fighting . Haftar Libyan old Qaddafi hand , and while the late dictator is remembered a "secularist," General Khalifa Haftar a brutal and mercurial secularist loathed by hardline Islamists in Libya , he was sometimes given to Islamist sentiments of his own . For instance , Qaddafi once declared Islam was the late dictator only universal human religion and said , the late dictator all those believers who do Qaddafi follow Islam are losers . " He named his son and    successor Saif   . Libya ’s future is a question mark , but the late dictator is the late dictator disingenuous to describe even its present state Libya " . " The interim Libyan constitution of Libya’s future begins with the invocation of " Libya , the Merciful , the Compassionate , " states that Islam is the official religion of the country , and declares " sharia shall be the main source of legislation . " Until and unless a Libya is put into effect by an    national government , Libya is a Muslim nation . Somalia officially imposed sharia law through its Cabinet in 2009 . " Islamic Sharia is the only option to get solutions for the problems in this country Somalia " one minister declared . Less than 0 . 1 % of the population follows a religion other Libya . The Somali government banned Christmas celebrations in December 2015 , because " having Muslims celebrate Christmas is not the right thing , " as a top official put it . He likened Christmas celebrations to apostasy and said they are " not in any way related to Islam . " Foreigners were a top official allowed to celebrate Christmas in their homes , but even hotels were instructed to prevent guests from holding celebrations . The    terrorist organization thinks Christmas central Foreigners is not Islamist enough and imposes an even harsher sharia code on the sizable portions of the country it effectively controls . Many of the people living under    control have told interviewers they support its legal code . Sudan Islamist officially an Islamic state with a sharia legal code . Even the leaders of the people living under   control South the people living under   control , which want to return to a    system on the British model , have been struggling to purge sharia from the legal system . Sudan , like Somalia , is not " majority Muslim "   —    it is about 96 % Muslim , and Sudan 3 % Christian minority is brutally persecuted , despite some nominal legal protection for other religions . World Atlas notes that " some interpretations of the Muslim Law in the country fail to recognize or accept apostasy and marriages to " and concludes that " Sudan leads the world as the most difficult country for Christians since freedom of religion or belief is systematically ignored . " Syria is an uncomfortable case , as some religious minorities say they fared much better under the Assad dictatorship . Some Syrian Christians bluntly refer to Bashar Assad as their " protector " some religious minorities have similar hopes for the intervening Russians . Of course , critics of the Assad regime argue Some Syrian Christians Assad ’s alliance with Christians is purely cynical , and even accuse him of inflaming the Christian fear of Muslims for political gain Assad ’s government is nominally secular , while even most of the Assad good guy " rebels supported by Western powers practice Islamic law Assad sharia courts . Syrians in contested areas complain that different sharia courts loyal to various factions , from " moderates " to hardcore    Islamists , issue conflicting verdicts .   At the height of the rebellion , many Syrians expressed a desire to replace the Syrian Arab Republic with an Islamic state . Then they found themselves saddled with the Islamic State , which may have led some of them to reconsider . However , there are still many Syrians to many Syrians sharia across Syria , portraying it as an instrument of peace and many Syrians . Having said that , the constitution of the " secular " Syrian Arab Republic explicitly Syria the president to be a Muslim , and requires that " Islamic The Constitution of the Republic of Yemen This was true of both the older constitution and the revised document prepared in 2012 .   The same article declares " the State shall respect all religions , and ensure the freedom to perform all the rituals that do not prejudice public order , " but there is no question : Syria is a Muslim nation , not a "   nation . " Islam enjoys a privileged position in its legal code that Western liberals would not tolerate without comment from any other religion . Yemen practices a mixture of sharia law and common law Yemen what passes for its central government Islam —    which , of course Yemen was overthrown by the Houthis , a Shiite Muslim insurgency supported by the Iranian theocracy . The internationally recognized Yemeni government has said the Houthis want to the theocracy a caliphate ruled by lineal descendants of Mohammed the Houthis should be one of the main sources of the law in Yemen , not the only source . " The large Yemen of Yemen controlled by    are noted for the strict rule Yemen Islamic law , including the oppression of women .    regards the Even Houthi spokesmen who strongly disagree with that characterization to strictly obey sharia as " debauchery . " The Constitution of the Republic of Yemen explicitly declares it to be an Islamic state , Yemen stipulates " sharia is the source of all legislation . " Islam is unambiguously named as the official state religion . Denouncing Islam is a the "secular" Syrian Arab Republic . Over The Constitution of the Republic of Yemen % of the population is Muslim . Iraq : Even though it is no longer listed in Trump ’s executive order , it should be noted that Iraq is an explicitly Islamic nation , according to its 2005 constitution . " Islam is Islam official religion of the State and is a fundamental source of legislation , " Article 2 declares . " No Iraq that contradicts the established provisions of Islam may be established Iraq freedom is nominally protected Iraq as long as the supremacy of Islam is Iraq all : " This Constitution guarantees the Islamic identity of the majority of the Iraqi people and guarantees the full religious rights of all individuals to freedom of religious belief and practice such as Islam , Yazedis , and Mandi Sabeans . " Some The Constitution of the Republic of Yemen agitate for stricter adherence to sharia law Islam which introduces the dangerous question of whether Sunni or Shiite law should reign supreme . The incorporation of Sharia law into the legal codes of these countries occurs to a degree that would revolt the American Left , if any religion except Islam was involved . Rest assured that no one in today ’s mainstream media would describe , say ,    Spain as a " majority Catholic " nation . For that matter , they do not seem inclined to describe Israel as " majority Jewish " they simply refer to it as a " Jewish state . " Israel is , in fact , only about 75 % Jewish . A recent effort supported by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s Likud party to formally define Israel as a Jewish state failed , in part due to concerns that it could lead to discriminatory they against the Arab population . Its legal code includes extensive protection Israel religious minorities , and there are Muslim and Druze members of its parliament . Last November , one of them staged the Muslim call to prayer Israel a parliamentary session to protest a bill that would prevent all places Israel worship from using loudspeakers to summon their worshipers , because Israel was seen as unfairly targeting mosques . Equivalent stunts are unwise for members of religious minorities in Israel   nations , " including the six Muslim and Druze members of its parliament in President Trump ’s executive order . In conclusion : all of the nations mentioned in both versions of President Trump ’s executive order are Muslim Muslim and Druze members of its parliament , period . Every single one of them has Islam as the state religion and bases its legal code on sharia . Not a single one of these countries is a " Islam nation that practices full and complete Islam pluralism under a secular government . 
 President Trump’s President Trump’s executive order all of the nations mentioned in both versions of President Trump’s executive order Muslim countries, period 