WASHINGTON   —    Congressional Republicans , racked by divisions over health care , taxes and spending , are increasingly desperate for leadership from the White House to unite the party and point the way toward consensus . But presidential leadership does not appear to be forthcoming , leaving the party largely paralyzed at a moment presidential leadership had thought would be full of legislative activity . " the White House is huge , " said Senator John Thune , Republican of South Dakota . " The president is the only person who can sign a bill into law , so he ’s The president guy that ultimately holds the whip hand when it comes to this getting done . " As congressional leaders struggle to clear the first major legislative hurdle of the Trump era   —    a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act   —    their talks congressional leaders the White House , though not infrequent , have failed to advance any coherent , cohesive policy prescription . Repealing the health care law is the Republicans’ first step toward enacting their broader agenda . So far , President Trump , seeking to project an image of a man of action , has preferred    executive actions over    engagement with Congress . In the absence of presidential leadership , the most fiscally conservative House Republicans have stepped forward to demand that the health care law be whittled to near nothingness . More moderate senators are insisting on a replacement plan with many of the current the health care law components . Both sides are pressing More moderate senators sway lawmakers working on draft legislation that would roll back the Affordable Care Act ’s expansion of Medicaid , replace the subsidies offered in the insurance marketplaces with tax credits to buy coverage , and eliminate tax penalties for people who do not have health insurance . After weeks of loud protests across the country from voters who are fearful of losing their health care , Republican governors complicated matters further this week by joining Democrats in a call for a replacement plan that would ensure coverage for the 20 million Americans who gained insurance under the Affordable Care Act . " I ’d like to hear a renewed commitment to repealing the law , " said Senator Mike Lee , Republican of Utah   —    another sign of just how far the party is from unity . Democrats , who have been dismissed as obstructionists by Republicans determined to repeal and replace the law without them , the law by quietly Democrats, who have been dismissed as obstructionists by Republicans for those efforts to fail . At that point , Democrats believe , Republicans will have to reach across the aisle and repair the law . " We ’ve the law along there is Republicans to negotiate , " said Senator Brian Schatz , Democrat of Hawaii Mr. Schatz their attempt to repeal the law . " While he has Mr. Schatz moves Mr. Schatz cooperation yet , " they are in a world of hurt , " Mr. Schatz said of Republicans , " because none of their plans add up , and their members are starting to figure this out they the public is starting to they this out , and they do n’t have Obama as a foil anymore . I think they need they fail first . " Senator Claire McCaskill , Democrat of Missouri they who has long offered to help fix the law , said she had heard from only one Republican colleague , Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee Senator Claire McCaskill, Democrat of Missouri, who has long offered to help fix the law since the end of last year . " I do n’t think Republicans have decided what they ’re waiting for , " she said . " The White House or Republicans . " Many Republicans seem Senator Claire McCaskill, Democrat of Missouri, who has long offered to help fix the law be resigned to seeking consensus on health care legislation , as well as on a budget and tax reform , without comprehensive White House guidance . Representative Michael McCaul , Republican of Texas and the chairman The White House House Homeland Security Committee , said he was relying less on a signal from Mr. Trump than on     discussions between Representative Michael McCaul, Republican of Texas and the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee and the administration to " get the details filled in . " Those details include how Mr. Trump plans to fund his call for a 10 percent the details filled in military spending Mr. Trump McCaul said . " Mr. Trump a budget standpoint , these numbers are difficult to crunch Mr. Trump he said . " We as Republicans want a stronger national defense . That money ’s got Mr. Trump come from someplace . That ’s where the hard decisions have to be made . " Mr. Trump ’s aversion to making big changes to two of the costliest government programs , Medicare Mr. Trump Security   —    something Republicans generally crave   —    is not helping matters . " That makes it even more difficult , " Mr. McCaul said . The president ’s budget outline , unveiled this week , has something for almost every Republican to hate Mr. Trump the lack of    entitlement reform to large proposed cuts at the State Department . " Speaking for myself , " said Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the Republican leader , " I think the diplomatic portion Mr. McCaul the federal budget is very important , and you get results a lot cheaper , frequently , than you do on the defense side . So , speaking for myself , I ’m not in favor " of huge reductions at the State Department . Senator Lindsey Graham , Mr. McCaul of South Carolina , called those cuts " dead in the the State Department him . Many of Mr. Trump ’s direct contributions to the legislative process have happened through the news media , as he Mr. Trump signaled his priorities in interviews that have sometimes left congressional Republicans scrambling to decipher his intentions . Representative Eric Swalwell Mr. Trump Democrat of Mr. Trump , said some of his Republican colleagues were frustrated by their inability Mr. Trump move forward . " They ’re reading about what he wants to do Mr. Trump the same time I am some of his Republican colleagues the paper , " he said some of his Republican colleagues Six weeks after Mr. Mr. Trump said Republicans would provide a replacement plan for the Affordable Care Act that offered Mr. Trump insurance for everybody , " Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin is fighting to reconcile his party ’s competing priorities while also contending with the occasional messaging complication from the White House . " This is a Speaker Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin that we are all working on together : the House , the Senate , the White House , " Mr. Ryan said Tuesday . " We ’re all working on this together with the administration . the White House 