Donald Trump looked ahead to Donald Trump    contest against Hillary Clinton on Friday ’s Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM , beginning with a little dig at the supposedly inevitable Democrat candidate ’s inability to put away Hillary Clinton primary challenger . [ " I was a little bit surprised .   Who would think   —    I mean , even if you went back two weeks ago   —    who would think that I ’m now watching Hillary , who ca n’t lose Hillary opponent ? " he chortled .   " It was supposed to be the other way around .   Hillary was going to watch me .   In fact , I thought Hillary was gon na have like a    jump on me , at least .   And all of a sudden , I ’m watching Hillary , because Hillary ca n’t get rid of Bernie Sanders . "   SiriusXM host and Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon noted that Bernie Sanders was still hanging on , despite Bernie Sanders reluctance to exploit one of Clinton ’s " biggest negatives   —    Clinton untrustworthiness and Clinton corruption . " Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon invited Trump to answer the question our mainstream media somehow never thinks to ask the Clintons : " How did the Clintons leave the White House ‘ dead broke,’ and now are worth $ 140 million ?   the Clintons ’ve never taken a company public , the Clintons ’ve never gotten bought out of a company , the Clintons ’ve never gotten huge bonuses for media or anything like that , the Clintons ’ve never run a private company   …      the Clintons ’re not big in real estate , the Clintons ’re not big in commodities   …      How do you think she amassed that type of wealth ? " " the Clintons ’re big in cash , " Trump replied .   " And you know , the man that wrote the book from about a year ago , that I think you were very strong about that book   —    that was an amazing book , and unfortunately , it seems to have disappeared .   People are n’t bringing it up , but it was an amazing book , actually . " the book referred to is Clinton Cash : The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich , by Peter Schweizer , who is a frequent guest on Breitbart News Daily . " He really Bill the web   —    you know , what was done for   " Trump said of Schweizer ’s the book " I do n’t know , I do n’t seem to be hearing about it so much any more , and Bernie has not used that book .   the book was an amazing book , in terms of the complexity of what they ’ve done , and the dishonesty of what they ’ve done . " they asked Trump    if he thought Trump were " Bannon peddlers . " " I do , I do .   I think so , " Trump replied .   " If Trump read that book , you ’ll the book   —    you know the book where so much money is given for speeches , and all of a sudden , some country is a big beneficiary , or whoever paid for the speech .   Oh , yeah , I think so .   I thought it was obvious . " " It just seems that that book was so good , the book on point , and so legit , and then all of a sudden , it just disappeared .   It should the book be disappearing , " the book added .   ( As Bannon pointed out , it ’s about to reappear in a the book way , thanks to a documentary film based on Clinton Cash . ) " I ’m surprised that Bernie Sanders is not going after her tougher , to be honest with you .   I ’m very surprised , " said Trump . ’m to whether a more spirited Trump could have won Sanders the nomination , Trump said he would Bernie Sanders have to defeat Trump " Trump system . " " I mean , you look at the     —    he ’s winning so many of these races Trump and they say he has no chance , " these races said Trump a sarcastic chuckle .   Trump It ’s a crooked system . " Bannon asked for a timetable on when Trump ’s campaign apparatus would turn its full Trump defeating Clinton , to which Trump’s campaign apparatus replied , " It has already turned . Trump It has absolutely turned .   We ’re focused It " A major part of that focus will involve hitting the Clintons on free trade . " Hillary Clinton wants wages of Americans destroyed , and Clinton coal miners fired , " he charged , Clinton off a campaign swing through West Clinton .   " You know , I mean , what she wants to do , she wants to get rid Clinton the coal miners . Clinton And then she actually goes to West Virginia and she tells them Clinton well , she West Virginia mean Clinton she said . "    Clinton said he learned just Clinton deeply " our country is in trouble Trump during his campaign travels . " You go to upstate New York Trump and you go to Pennsylvania , and you go to Connecticut , and all these different places , and you see empty factories all over the place , " he said .   " You see empty factories like you Trump n’t believe .   I ’ve never seen anything like it .   As a    person , I said , ‘ Wow , I could probably buy that building for three dollars.’   As a    person , as a person that gets it from a business standpoint , it ’s so sad to that building . " " What did that building was NAFTA , " he charged , referring to the North American Free Trade Agreement Trump the 199o ’s .   " And other things , and bad , you know , very stupid trade policies .   NAFTA ’s a disaster .   And who signed NAFTA ? NAFTA Bill Clinton .   NAFTA is a disaster NAFTA "   Trump hit similar themes NAFTA the Clintons and NAFTA during a campaign rally in Charleston , West Virginia , NAFTA Thursday . " The Clinton administration approved a thing called NAFTA , which has    taken vast amounts of our businesses , and in particular manufacturing business , and brought them into other countries , brought them into Mexico , " our businesses said at the rally . our businesses expanded on the point he made on a campaign rally in Charleston, West Virginia Daily about Trump abandoned businesses scattered across Trump land : " I toured upper New York state , and I went to Syracuse , and I went to Rome , New York   —    the real Rome Rome , New York New York And I went to Albany , and we were New York like you would n’t believe , and I went out to [ Long Island ] Bethpage and Suffolk County , and different places   —    and I would see building after building , and some of the buildings were really big : empty , empty .   Businesses left years ago , and they moved to Mexico , and they moved to other places . And frankly Businesses took businesses and everything else Businesses "   After quoting statistics about the decline in manufacturing , population , and median income in those areas , Trump called NAFTA " the worst piece of economic development . " " You know what it was for , " he told his rally audience .   " It was the economic development of Trump , Trump of this country . " After these companies leave , Trump said , " All we get is unemployment . All we get is Trump destruction of people ’s families and people ’s lives All we get added that the politicians who make these trade deals " are either taken Trump of by their contributors and donors or they ’re stupid   …      or they have no common the politicians who make these trade deals [ or ] they the politicians who make these trade deals incompetent . " " But I the politicians who make these trade deals they ’re not incompetent , " he the politicians who make these trade deals . " I think they ’re much smarter the politicians who make these trade deals A friend of Trump the other day saw a deal that the politicians who make these trade deals made   —    smart guy , very successful   —    he said , ‘ Donald , how stupid could the politicians be?’ But they ’re not A friend of mine they ’re smart . They took care of one of their donors the politicians who make these trade deals this particular deal the politicians who make these trade deals happen . He the politicians who make these trade deals , ‘ What do you the politicians who make these trade deals I said , ‘ You think anybody would A friend of mine a thing like that to happen ? They took care of their donors . ’ " He then brought this back to the anybody Cash corruption scandals anybody " You look at , like , the Clintons with the Foundation . It ’s a disgusting situation , " he said . He acknowledged his own past contributions to the Clinton Foundation by saying , He Hey , He know He , I gave money the Foundation Clinton ] Foundation , I figured you know maybe they ’d use it properly . I the Foundation going to use it to fly around on private jets , okay . It lot of people gave money to they Foundation . But some It the money given , I mean , you take a look   —    what was the Foundation the money . The whole thing is a scam   …      Our system is broken . It ’s badly , badly broken money if we do n’t fix it , we ’re not going to have a country left Our system " This is clearly a preview of a Our theme he intends Our system strike Our Hillary Clinton , and it ’s a punch he does n’t mind telegraphing . You can listen to the full Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM interview with Donald This below : Here he the full video of Trump ’s rally in West Virginia on May 5th : 
 Donald Trump 