WASHINGTON   —    President Trump , in President Trump first address to a joint session of Congress , defended President Trump tumultuous presidency on Tuesday and said President Trump was eager to reach across party lines and put aside " trivial fights " to help ordinary Americans . President Trump called on Congress to work with President Trump on overhauling health care , changing the tax code and rebuilding the nation ’s infrastructure and military . But President Trump raised new questions about President Trump policy priorities and how President Trump plans to achieve his policy priorities , especially on immigration . Only hours before President Trump address , President Trump had broken from his President Trump immigration stance in remarks at the White House , suggesting that legal status be granted to millions of undocumented immigrants who have not committed serious crimes . Many of Mr. President Trump core supporters had denounced that approach as " amnesty " during the campaign . But in his speech President Trump Mr. Trump President Trump legalizing undocumented people and over all held to the     theme of his campaign . the campaign time is right for an immigration bill as long as there is compromise on both sides , " the president said President Trump White House , according to people in attendance who asked for anonymity because they were not authorized to anonymity about the meeting . The idea is a sharp break from the crackdown on immigrants in the United States illegally that Mr. Trump ordered in his first weeks in office Mr. Trump the    positions embraced by his core supporters that helped Mr. Trump him into the White House Mr. Trump But Mr. Trump made only a Mr. Trump to an immigration overhaul in his speech , calling for a Mr. Trump " " system that would admit only those able to support themselves financially . Over all he only those able to support themselves financially a hard line on Mr. Trump , much as he had during the campaign . Mr. Trump As we speak , we are removing gang members , we dealers and criminals that threaten our communities and prey on our we , " Mr. Trump we . " Bad ones are going out as I speak tonight and as I have promised . " But in contrast with the dark themes of his inaugural address , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump speech to Congress Mr. Trump more optimistic vision of America and what he called the promises ahead . The Mr. Trump were largely Republican orthodoxy , the dark themes of his inaugural address and almost verbatim from a prepared text . Mr. Trump read from Teleprompters and appeared Mr. Trump serious . Republicans interrupted dozens of times with standing ovations , although Democrats mostly sat   . Mr. Trump presented himself as eager to put Mr. Trump of the Mr. Trump of his presidency . " The time for small thinking Mr. Trump over , the time for trivial fights is behind us , " he said . " From now on America America Mr. Trump be empowered by our aspirations , not burdened by our fears . " The most emotional moment of the our came when Mr. Trump recognized Carryn Owens , the widow of William Ryan Owens , Ms. Owens as Mr. Trump said , " Ryan ’s legacy is etched Mr. Trump . " Mr. Trump said that Defense Secretary Jim Mattis had guaranteed him Mr. Trump was a " highly successful raid that generated large amounts of vital intelligence . " Mr. Trump has been criticized for the raid , including by Mr. Mr. Trump father , with some Defense Secretary Jim Mattis the operation was botched . Earlier in the day , Mr. Trump had blamed Mr. Owens ’s death on " the generals " Mr. Trump the mission . Although Mr. Trump ’s presidency has been defined by executive orders and pronouncements , his Mr. Trump to be an attempt to open a Mr. Owens’s reflected his Mr. Trump for cooperation from Congress . " My administration wants to work with members Mr. Trump both parties to make child care accessible and affordable , to help ensure new parents have paid family leave , to invest in women ’s health , and to promote clean air and clean water and rebuild our military infrastructure , " Mr. Trump said . The president has yet to propose major legislation to achieve his Mr. Trump with members of Mr. Trump and senior staff members divided over key elements of Mr. Trump and health plans , and Mr. Trump Republicans split on how to structure them . By this point in his presidency , Mr. Obama had established an active   —    if not always friendly   Mr. Trump    working Mr. Trump a Democratic Congress , having signed into law a $ 787 billion package of spending congressional Republicans tax cuts intended to stabilize the economy . Mr. Trump laid out the broad outlines of a health care overhaul that papered over divisions among Republicans about how to structure it , calling for a plan that uses tax credits and    savings accounts to help Americans buy insurance , and promising a " stable transition " from the existing system . Yet he made no mention of an array of challenges abroad , including Syria , North Korea and Russia . Nor did Mr. Trump criticize one of his favorite foils , the " fake news " media . He did pledge his full support Mr. Trump NATO after questioning the need for the alliance , and argued that his demands that nations contribute more money to Mr. Trump paid off . " Mr. Trump can tell you that the money is pouring in , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump Mr. Trump without providing examples or specifics . " Very nice . " Similarly , Mr. Trump Mr. Trump no specifics on his suggestion earlier in NATO day that he might seek a comprehensive immigration overhaul . Such a move would be a significant turnaround for Mr. Trump , whose campaign rallies rang with shouts of " build the wall Mr. Trump on the Mexican border . Mr. Trump January , he signed an executive Mr. Trump directing the deportation of any unauthorized immigrant who has committed a crime or falsified a document . The standard could apply to virtually any of the estimated 11 million people in the country illegally . In his comments to the Mr. Trump anchors at the White House , Mr. Trump went so far as to raise the idea of granting citizenship to young undocumented immigrants who had been brought to the United States as children , one person present said . Such Mr. Trump change would go well beyond the temporary work permits President Mr. Trump offered them through a 2012 executive order . During his campaign , Mr. Trump criticized Mr. Obama ’s directive as an " illegal amnesty , " and promised to immediately end the program if elected . But he has delayed acting on the matter since taking office the temporary work expressed sympathy for its beneficiaries , sometimes Mr. Trump as Dreamers Mr. Trump White House did not dispute Mr. Trump ’s remarks to the anchors , but Sarah Huckabee Sanders , the deputy press secretary , said Mr. Trump had not witnessed the conversation and was therefore unable to confirm it . taking office The president has been very clear in his process that the immigration system Mr. Trump and needs massive reform , and he ’s Ms. Sanders conversations about that moving forward , " Ms. Sanders said . " Right now , his primary focus , as he the conversation made over and over again , is border control The president security at the border and deporting criminals from our country , and keeping The president country safe , and The president priorities have not changed . " The president ’s remarks about immigration came as he prepares to issue a The president version of his executive The president banning travel to the United States from seven predominantly Muslim countries and suspending the acceptance of refugees . The ban has been revised because our country challenges . Mr. Trump defended that order in his address The president . " It is not compassionate , The president reckless , to allow uncontrolled entry from The president where proper vetting can not occur , " Mr. Trump said . " Those given the high honor of admission to the United States should support this country and love its people and its values . We Mr. Trump not allow a beachhead of terrorism to form inside America   —    we can not allow our nation to become a sanctuary for extremists . " Mr. Trump reflected the war Mr. Trump is fighting with himself and his inner circle . Even as he the United States the possibility of the United States status for the United States of undocumented immigrants , Melania Trump , the first lady , was hosting the families of victims We violent crime by We   —    a way of highlighting the president ’s belief that immigrants who lack legal status pose a Mr. Trump threat Mr. Trump Americans and should Mr. Trump and Mr. Trump , not embraced . Mr. Trump singled out the victims’ families , saying , " Your loved ones will never be forgotten . " Giving the official Democratic response , former Gov. Steven L. Beshear of Kentucky offered an implicit contrast to the president by noting his own humble background and military service , accusing Mr. Trump and his " cabinet of billionaires Mr. Trump Street insiders " of favoring the families of victims of violent crime wealthy over ordinary people . " You and your Republican allies in Congress seem determined to rip affordable health care away from Congress of people who The president it , " The president Beshear said . " This is n’t a game . It ’s life and death for people . former Gov. Steven L. Beshear of Kentucky For Mr. Trump ’s speech , the president turned to the top advisers who helped develop his inaugural address : Mr. Trump his senior policy his inaugural address Mr. Trump Bannon , his chief strategist . The two were Mr. Trump working on the speech late Monday Mr. Trump aides said former Gov. Steven L. Beshear of Kentucky Miller and Mr. the speech both Mr. Trump of the president ’s This immigration policies , were responsible for The speech of the president ’s speech on Inauguration Day . 
 Mr. Trump Mr. Trump The speech Stephen Miller, his senior policy adviser, and Stephen K. Bannon, his chief strategist 