( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’s the   . ) Good evening . Here ’s the latest . 1 . In his first address to Congress , President Trump called for help in rebuilding the nation ’s infrastructure and military . President Trump said he President Trump eager to reach across partisan lines and put aside " trivial fights " in the interest of helping Americans , but he President Trump short on details . He President Trump a new openness to granting legal status to millions of undocumented immigrants who have not committed serious crimes . Here is a video and transcript , analysis and our   . _ _ _ _ _ 2 . An online debate erupted over a photo of Kellyanne Conway kneeling on a couch in the Oval Office as Mr. Trump met with leaders of historically black colleges and universities . Some called it a lack of decorum , while others pointed to photos of Mr. Obama with his Mr. Obama on his Mr. Obama . Also getting a lot of attention : The Obamas signed a book deal with Penguin Random House . The terms were not disclosed , but industry experts said it The terms stretched well into eight figures . _ _ _ _ _ 3 . Jeff Sessions , making his Mr. Obama official speech as U. S. attorney general , promised a    approach to drug trafficking and illegal immigration . Mr. Trump is expected to emphasize the same theme , which forms the backbone of a vision of remaking America shared by Mr. Sessions and Stephen Bannon , the chief White House strategist . Today ’s episode of The Daily podcast explores the roles those men played in shaping Mr. Mr. Trump policy , and also continues the story of a young Afghan refugee who made a dash for the U. S. Listen from a computer , on an iOS device or on an Android device . _ _ _ _ _ 4 . Before his speech , Mr. Trump signed Mr. Trump order aimed at rolling back one of Mr. Obama ’s major environmental regulations to protect American waterways . In the coming week , Mr. Trump is also Mr. Trump sign a similar order instructing the Environmental Protection Agency to begin the process of withdrawing and revising Mr. Obama ’s signature 2015 Mr. Obama’s _ _ _ _ _ 5 . Russia vetoed a U. N. Security Council resolution condemning Syria for dropping    barrel bombs on    areas . The veto sparked a rare public clash a U. N. Security Council resolution condemning Syria for dropping   barrel bombs on   areas Trump administration . " It ’s a sad day for the Security a U. N. Security Council resolution condemning Syria for dropping   barrel bombs on   areas when members make excuses U. N. Security Council states killing their own people , " said Nikki Haley , the members S. ambassador to the U. N. _ _ _ _ _ 6 . The leader of Samsung was indicted in the corruption scandal that led to the impeachment of South Korea ’s president , setting the stage for a trial that will test the traditional impunity of the    conglomerates that dominate the economy . Lee    one of the most prominent tycoons ever to face trial in the country , is accused of promising $ 38 million in bribes to a confidante of the president in return for political favors . _ _ _ _ _ 7 . Colorectal cancers , considered a disease of the aging , are on the rise in adults in their 20s and 30s . The spike , at a Colorectal cancers, considered a disease of the aging when rates of the disease are on the wane in older people , is both baffling and worrisome , scientists say . Diagnosis is sometimes delayed as the disease advances , because doctors simply do n’t suspect the disease young patient with digestive complaints like diarrhea or constipation , cramping and abdominal pain , or bloody stool could have cancer . Tara Anderson , above , was 38 when she was told she had colon cancer . _ _ _ Tara Anderson _ 8 Tara Anderson France cancer for its perennial obsession with Frenchness   —    and now with the France of its demise . In many towns , shoppers have been flocking to France built shopping center , leaving the historic city centers decaying and pocked with commercial vacancies   —    much as U. S. main streets were hollowed out decades ago . " We ’ve lost that conviviality that was our signature , " a city councilman in southern France said . We Before , each little neighborhood had its own center , with its own cafe . All that has each little neighborhood _ _ _ _ each little neighborhood 9 . New York City expects the number of foreign visitors to decrease in 2017 , the first such forecast in seven years . Officials attribute the drop to White House policies and pronouncements that alter perceptions about U. S. hospitality . A firm that forecasts international travel foresees an even larger decline in foreign tourism for the country . _ _ _ _ _ 10 . Did you hear about the    museum visitor who tripped over an exhibit and broke an $ 800 , 000 sculpture ? Happily , the reality appears to be less dramatic . The Hirshhorn Museum in Washington confirmed that a visitor to " Yayoi Kusama : Infinity Mirrors , " one of most popular in the museum ’s history , accidentally damaged a glowing pumpkin . But a replacement is on the way , and there was no confirmation of what the visitor was doing . " It was very much an accident , " a museum spokeswoman said . _ _ _ _ _ 11 . Finally , SpaceX , the rocket company led by Elon Musk , plans to send two tourists around the moon next year . The passengers could be the first humans in more the Moon years to venture that far into space . No price was mentioned , nor whether Frank Sinatra ’s " Fly Me to the Moon " would be on the soundtrack . Photographs may appear out of order for some readers . Viewing this version of the briefing should help . Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern . And do n’t miss Your Morning Briefing , posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern , and Your Weekend Your Evening Briefing at 6 a. m. Sundays . Want to look back ? Here ’s last night ’s briefing . What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let us know at briefing@nytimes . com . 
 