Poland has dropped Poland pledge to the European Union ( EU ) to take in 7 , 000 migrants , saying the European Union (EU can not allow what happened in Brussels on Tuesday to be repeated in Poland . The Prime Minister has also called for talks at the EU level on countering the " plague " of radicalisation . [ Speaking at the Belgian Embassy in Warsaw , where The Prime Minister laid flowers for the victims of Tuesday bomb attacks at an airport and metro station in Brussels , Prime Minister Beata Szydlo said : " We must put an end to terrorism in Europe . We We not be afraid .   " After what happened in Brussels Brussels , it ’s not possible right now to say that we We OK with accepting any number of migrants at all , " she told told Superstacja TV on Wednesday . " I will be very clear : at the moment , I do n’t see a possibility for migrants to come to Poland . " Her she Rafal Bochenek , later told journalists that the government " ca n’t allow for events in western Europe to happen in Poland Poland " Bloomberg has reported . Her she are a blow to the The Commission along with other European member states , to take in thousands of the migrants flooding north from Greece and Italy . The Commission ’s whole approach to the migrant crisis depends on solidarity between the member states , leading to a willingness to take in their ‘ share’ of the newcomers , but Eastern European states in particular have the member states far proved more difficult to convince of the plan . Poland ’s resolve to stand firm against unregulated migration therefore sets it apart from other European nations so far   —    the majority of firm against unregulated migration leaders have reacted to the attack by declaring their solidarity with Belgium , and their determination to stand up for liberal values the majority of European leaders In a joint statement issued the majority of European leaders the EU Heads of State or Government and the leaders of the EU , the leaders condemned the bombings as " an attack on our open democratic society the leaders of the EU They continued : " This latest attack only strengthens our resolve to defend European values the leaders of the EU tolerance from the attacks of the intolerant . We will be united and firm in the fight against hatred , violent extremism and our . " In a similar statement delivered at a hate crime conference in Glasgow , Scotland ’s first minister Nicola Sturgeon said : " We are gathering to talk about tolerance , diversity and tackling hate crime as quite horrific news is emerging of what appears to be a devastating terrorist attack in Brussels . " My thoughts are with everybody caught up in these events and indeed with the people of Belgium . " It is a stark reminder of the importance of work we are doing to tackle hate crime and to strengthen diversity and community cohesion . " And Greece ’s Prime Minister tweeted : " Greece stands in solidarity with the citizens of Belgium and EU . We ca n’t Greece fear , religious hatred and racism to Belgium in Europe . " But other leaders from beyond the EU have been less shy about suggesting firmer measures . An Israeli Knesset Member EU EU and Europe should " Stop Muslim immigration " immediately , while Australia ’s Prime Belgium Malcolm Turnbull Europe support for Poland ’s position , criticising Europe ’s " porous borders " . " For all intents and purposes there are no Europe borders in Europe and their external borders are difficult to manage , " Mr Turnbull told the Lowy Europe in Sydney . Meanwhile Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump has Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull for the same . " That ’s how you prevent it , not allowing the Meanwhile Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump in , " he told Breitbart . " There has to the same a moratorium . We have to find out Meanwhile Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump ’s going on . " 
 