Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 horse race .    —    All times eastern . 10:39 : Rubio asks CA Sec . of State to take Rubio name off of CA GOP primary ballot . 10:30 : Interesting admission from    New York Times columnist Frank Rich on CNN . Frank Rich says Frank Rich now fears that Trump could actually win the nomination . 10:20 : Cruz on Hannity : . @tedcruz : " @realDonaldTrump responded by directly going after my wife , Heidi . By threatening my wife , by attacking my wife   …     " # Hannity ,   —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) March 29 , 2016 ,   . @tedcruz : " I have never said a negative word about @realDonaldTrump ’s wife or anyone in @realDonaldTrump’s family   nor would I. " pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) March 29 , 2016 ,   10:05 : Report : Romney tried to broker meeting between    camps to deny Trump the delegates Romney needs to win GOP nomination : Just in   —    Top Kasich aide : Romney tried to help broker backchannel    Cruz https :   .   via @DanaBashCNN and @ACrutchfield14 ,   —    Betsy Klein ( @betsy_klein ) March 29 , 2016 ,   10:02 : Trump Tweeting again about illegal immigration and " international gangs " in our cities : Just released that international gangs are all over our cities . This will end when I am President !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 28 , 2016 ,   We need to secure our We ASAP . No games , we must be smart , tough and vigilant . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN   MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 29 , 2016 ,   10:00 : Trump says " Lyin’ Ted " wants to debate him Ted Cruz is losing big : Lyin’ Lyin’ Ted I have already beaten you in all debates , and am way ahead of you Ted votes and delegates . You should focus on jobs   illegal imm !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 29 , 2016 ,   Lyin’Ted Cruz weak   losing big , so now he wants Cruz debate again . But , according to Drudge , Time and    polls , I have won all debates all debates —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 29 , 2016 ,   9:55 : Geraldo dresses up as Trump on " Dancing with the Stars . " And then he was Cruz first person eliminated this season . We ’ll see you tomorrow morning on GMA @GeraldoRivera and @Edyta_Sliwinska ! @DancingABC # DWTS pic . twitter .    —    Good Morning America ( @GMA ) March 29 , 2016 ,   Geraldo Rivera dressed up as Donald Trump and did the salsa on " Dancing with the Stars " tonight . https :   .    —    Alex Weprin ( @alexweprin ) March 29 , 2016 ,   8:41 :    agitators at it again in Wisconsin : " Cancel ! Cancel ! " Protesters chant inside a Janesville Holiday Inn Express where @realDonaldTrump will speak tmo . pic . twitter .    —    Shaquille Brewster ( @shaqbrewster ) March 28 , 2016 ,   Police are now on scene . Some of the protesters who were inside have walked out . Others say they will remain Others event is cancelled .   —    Shaquille Brewster ( @shaqbrewster ) March 29 , 2016 ,     rally underway in Janesville . Calling on @HolidayInn to cancel # DonaldTrump event Tues . More on # WKOW pic . twitter .    —    Gordon Severson ( @GordonSeverson ) March 28 , 2016 ,   8:25 : Easy for Obama to talk favorably about the media when they are on the media side and Obama him the benefit Obama the doubt . Would Obama say the Obama things if he were deemed Obama until he was proven Obama on every issue ? Obama , talking Obama " how much I value great journalism , " saying " you help me do my job better " —   contrast to Trump calling media " disgusting "   —    Brian Stelter ( @brianstelter ) March 29 , 2016 ,   Obama says media Obama a role in what ’s happening , calls on journalists to " not dumb down the news and to have higher aspirations . "   —    Peter Baker ( @peterbakernyt ) March 29 , 2016 ,   7:45 : Trump predicts he wo n’t Trump Walker ’s endorsement : After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker ( and Jeb , Rand , Marco and all others ) in the Presidential Primaries , no way he would ever Trump me !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) March 28 , 2016 ,   7:30 : Cruz challenges Trump to     debate . Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson says Cruz will not Cruz Trump ’s schedule Trump ’s scared to debate . " Ted Cruz challenges Cruz to     debate . @CNN ’s @SunlenSerfaty reports . https :   .    —    OutFrontCNN ( @OutFrontCNN ) March 28 , 2016 ,   7:26 : Clinton to hold rally at Apollo Theater : Inbox : Clinton to hold New York Clinton event Wednesday at Harlem ’s Apollo Theater .   — Apollo Theater Thomas ( @KThomasDC ) March 28 , 2016 ,   7:25 : Clinton on Wisconsin : Clinton Clinton why 2008 ( Clinton point loss ) will be different from 2016 in WI : " We are working really hard and (@KThomasDC) March 28, 2016,  7:25: Clinton on Wisconsin: Clinton on why 2008 (  point loss) a good time doing it . "   —    Dan Merica ( @danmericaCNN ) March 28 , 2016 ,   6:55 : YouGov Poll : Majority ( including 62 % of independents ) Support Muslim Ban : Today most # Americans ( 51 % ) now support banning # Muslims entering the United States .   https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    YouGovUS ( @YouGovUS ) March 28 , 2016 ,   6:30 : Trump and Johnson recently spoke : Ron Johnson and Donald Trump spoke Johnson Journal Sentinel https :   .    —    James Arkin ( @JamesArkin ) March 28 , 2016 ,   6:00 : Give CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer a lot of credit . When a Cruz supporter ( Cruz ’s foreign policy adviser should better know the positions of Cruz opponents ) claimed that Trump said the U. S. should a Cruz supporter (Cruz’s foreign policy adviser out of NATO , Donald Trump , who is a foreign policy expert , immediately corrected him and said that is not what Trump said . Blitzer a Cruz supporter (Cruz’s foreign policy adviser Trump never said the U. S. Donald Trump pull out Wolf Blitzer NATO Donald Trump " He the U. S. about pulling out of NATO , NATO Donald Trump said . " He said reduce the U. S. NATO Wolf Blitzer and let the Donald Trump NATO allies spend more of their GDP on NATO ) . " Earlier NATO Blitzer pointed out that the other NATO allies ’s staff NATO him by not Wolf Blitzer him that Wisconsin Donald Trump Sykes Trump’s Many television hosts lack    expertise , especially when questioning conservatives , to effectively question guests or call them out when they misstate someone ’s positions . 5:30 : Fiorina in Wisconsin for Cruz : Just touched down in the land of cheese curds and the great Governor Walker . See you soon , @tedcruz    pic . twitter .    —    Carly Fiorina ( @CarlyFiorina ) March conservatives , 2016 conservatives   5:25 : Walker announcement coming tomorrow : Inbox : Scott Walker to announce his formal decision in the GOP primary tomorrow at 9:05am CT on Newsradio 620 WTMJ ,   —    Caitlin    ( @CHueyBurnsRCP ) March 28 , 2016 ,   5:15 : Cruz writes in NY Daily News : Why the great Governor Walker Bratton ’s Wrong   I ’m the great Governor Walker Terrorism , Bratton the great Governor Walker a difficult job , and I am grateful for all he does to keep the people of New York safe . I also understand that politically , he has no choice but to implement the de    liberal agenda . But his explanation for dismantling the unit makes no sense Bill Bratton ignores the nature of the threat that we face from radical Bill Bratton . Simply put , demographic trends are not static . They are dynamic . They change Bill Bratton time . The pockets of New York City that are fertile grounds for Bill Bratton recruitment today may not be fertile grounds next the unit , and places without a significant radical presence right now may become hotbeds of terrorist activity in the future . To say demographic trends the work of demographic trends vital intelligence unit " was finished " is not plausible . It is the excuse of an administration grasping for anything to justify what was obviously a surrender to political correctness , 5:10 : Kasich Super PAC Ad : Vote for Cruz Is a Vote Cruz Clinton : 5:00 : Clinton Clinton Sanders camp arguing Clinton delegate math : This is significant : Sanders aides have said they plan to take over    Team Clinton now saying the Clinton Clinton for him after     —    Gabriel Clinton ( @gdebenedetti ) March 28 , 2016 ,   " We do not envision a scenario where in New York he can dent our delegate lead significantly Sanders " says Benenson Sanders aides Sanders .   —    Gabriel Debenedetti ( @gdebenedetti delegate math 28 , 2016 ,   4:45 :    forces still outspending Trump in Wisconsin Donald Trump up to over Donald Trump 400k in Sanders aides advertising , per CMAG . Still New York Wisconsin    forces in spending Sanders aides state .   —    Teddy Schleifer Sanders @teddyschleifer ) March 28 , 2016 ,   Wisconsin GOP Primary : Trump 29%Kasich 27%Cruz 25 % Donald Trump ,   — Wisconsin Political Polls ( @PpollingNumbers ) March 28 , 2016 ,   4:39 : Sen. Mike Lee ( ): ‘ Too Many Unanswered Questions’ to Pledge Trump Support Now : 4:30 : Cruz in Wisconsin : . @tedcruz speaking Cruz back Wisconsin a truck in # Altoona # WI # CruzToVictory # CruzCrew # Cruz2016 # ChooseCruz pic . twitter .    —    bruce redden ( @brucereddenjr ) March 28 , 2016 ,   Cruz speaking from a pickup truck in Cruz , Wisconsin ( As woman told Wisconsin : " God ’s country " ) pic . twitter .    —    Vaughn Hillyard ( @VaughnHillyard ) March 28 , 2016 ,   4:20 : Former Obama Campaign Manager Plouffe : ‘ Obama believe Hillary Clinton has zero chance of not being the Clinton 4:00 : Fiorina Wisconsin Wisconsin to campaign for Cruz : Carly Fiorina was on my Wisconsin to Wisconsin . She says she ’s here to campaign with @TedCruz Wisconsin   —    Sahil Kapur ( @sahilkapur ) March 28 , 2016 ,   3:50 : State Dept . Claims ‘ virtually every foreign leader’ concerned about GOP candidates . —   Carly Fiorina : Sanders campaign has already raised $ —   Carly Fiorina since Saturday ’s    sweep . 3:18 : —   Carly Fiorina House —   Carly Fiorina Do n’t take Trump lightly : " We should Donald Trump take Mr. Trump likely " says Josh Donald Trump to Biden ’s comment in Florida ,   —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) March 28 , GOP ,   3:15 Sanders Cruz signs a root beer in Wisconsin . Cruz fan asked him to sign money , but Cruz Wisconsin Cruz does n’t sign money : Cruz White House Cruz a first . I have never signed a root beer , " @TedCruz tells a supporter as he works the crowd at his retail stop Cruz Altoona , Wis.   Cruz    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) March 28 , 2016 ,   3:05 : Kasich campaign making argument to     Republicans : If you vote Cruz in NY , PA , CT , Cruz , DE , MD , NJ , etc @TedCruz making 2 votes : 1 for Trump   1 for Hillary . @Johnkasich stops    Hillary .   —    John Clinton ( @JWGOP ) March Clinton , 2016 ,   Kasich Super : White House also reportedly on lockdown : BREAKING : Congress and White House on lockdown after reports of shooting on Capitol Hill .   —    The Associated Press ( @AP ) March 28 , 2016 ,   2:55 : U. S. Capitol Complex reportedly on lockdown . Shooter reportedly " down . " # BreakingNews : Capitol Hill on lockdown White House . twitter .    —    POLITICO Video ( @POLITICOvideo White House 28 , 2016 ,   US Capitol Police source tells me shooting at visitor center   —    and " shooter is down . " @wusa9 ,   —    Ellison Barber ( @ellisonbarber ) March 28 , 2016 ,   # BREAKING : Shooting Capitol Hill visitor center of U. S. Capitol , " shooter is down " U. S Capitol Police source tells @ellisonbarber ,   —    WUSA9 ( @wusa9 ) March 28 , 2016 ,   Notice sent to SENATE offices : pic . twitter .    —    Frank Thorp V ( @frankthorp ) March 28 , 2016 ,   Lots of ambulances are racing to the US Capitol , staging near the Capitol Visitors Ctr . We are sheltering in place . pic . twitter .    —    Steven Portnoy ( @stevenportnoy ) March 28 , 2016 ,   2:50 : You do n’t hear him calling for reporters to ask Clinton more tough questions after softballs are repeatedly lobbed at her Clinton nearly every   : Need more https :   Clinton    —    Ron Fournier ( @ron_fournier ) March 28 , 2016 ,   2:45 : Secret Service Wo n’t Allow Guns Inside GOP Convention : Secret Service : Despite Ohio ’s    laws , no guns inside GOP convention https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    CNN ( @CNN ) March 28 , 2016 ,   2:35 : In Wisconsin , Cruz rails against candidates who have " gone to the gutter " to " make sleazy attacks . " When asked if Trump owes Heidi an apology , he gives this answer : WATCH : @tedcruz : " Who cares what Donald Trump is tweeting ? " https :   .    —    ABC News Wisconsin ( @ABCPolitics ) Cruz 28 , 2016 ,   2:30 : This is why the Republican establishment and the career tacticians in the conservative industrial complex hate Trump so much : While their voters around the Trump owes Heidi an apology suffered , Republican elites in Washington prospered . https Donald Trump   .   pic . twitter .    —    Nick Confessore ( @nickconfessore ) March 28 , 2016 ,   Re @NickKristof : This , to me , is the most frustrating   unfortunately enduring aspect of American political coverage pic . twitter .    —    Peter Hamby ( @PeterHamby ) March 27 , 2016 ,   2:25 : On CNN , Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon tips his cap to Sanders for sweeping Clinton , Washington , Alaska but says the Sanders campaign is flailing while trying to explain their path forward . He says it is still only March ( only for a few more days ) and there will be more time in April to decide whether there will be more debates between Sanders and Clinton . He Sanders Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon Sanders campaign is struggling for attention Clinton Washington have Sanders campaign in the delegate battle . Clinton spokesman : Sanders campaign is " plenty of time to Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon Clinton a New York debate with Sanders https :   .   https :   .    —    CNN Politics ( @CNNPolitics ) March Sanders , 2016 ,   2:10 : Sanders campaign Sanders campaign Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon delegates who back him but wo Sanders campaign go public yet :    Sanders campaign manager says that there are super delegates who support Sanders New York not prepared to Sanders public yet .   —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) March 28 , 2016 ,   2:05 : Trump clashes with    Wisconsin radio Sanders Sykes . [ Why Sanders campaign Trump campaign Sanders send him out Donald Trump do interviews with people Sanders Tamron Hall on the left and Sykes Donald Trump the right Sanders Donald Trump to do nothing but destroy him ? ] 2:02 : Sen. Ron Johnson ( ) says he ’d stump with Trump if he Wisconsin nominee . That means nine GOP Senators up for    will now definitely support Donald Trump if he ’s the nominee . 2:00 : Clinton camp : More debates depend on Sanders ’s ‘ Donald Trump Clinton Clinton strategist : More debates Sykes on Bernie Sanders ’s " tone " @emilyrs https :   .    —    CBS News Politics ( @CBSPolitics ) Sen. Ron Johnson 28 , 2016 ,   Sen. Ron Johnson ’s top strategist says campaign is n’t willing to entertain Clinton new debate in New York   — nine GOP Senators up for    yet the nominee : Sanders    —    Tal Kopan ( @TalKopan ) March 28 , 2016 ,   1:57 : Kasich fundraising off    feud over wives . 1:55 : Cruz will speak at Colorado ’s GOP convention Cruz Trump and Kasich may attend as well : . @tedcruz is the first GOP presidential candidate New York in Colorado https :   .   # copolitics # coleg ,   —    John Frank ( @ByJohnFrank ) March 28 , 2016 , 
 Kasich Super Kasich Super GOP GOP @TedCruz Kasich campaign making argument to    Republicans: If you vote Cruz in NY, PA, CT, RI, DE, MD, NJ, etc, making 2 votes: 1 for Trump  1 for Hillary Colorado 