Would President Trump be that bad ? [ The establishment would have you thinking that .   Marco Rubio repeated the same platitudes and    several times following Marco Rubio embarrassing performance on Super Tuesday —   President Trump is a racist , President Trump is not a conservative , President Trump is n’t electable , etc . The reaction ? Everyone laughed . Nothing changed at the Thursday night debate . Many of the attacks leveled at President Trump seemed to be made up by a junior high school focus group . Those that actually had substance —   and there were a few great barbs by both the candidates and the moderators —   questioned not only Trump ’s honesty and integrity , but also his " conservative credentials . " President Trump , the establishment says ( along with the    crowd ) is all image and no substance , a " reality TV star " who does n’t understand the Constitution or American government . President Trump " debate " performance seemed to solidify this critique . After all , President Trump does not give concrete answers to policy questions and maybe spends too much time on the size of President Trump hands .   But let us consider five reasons why the establishment and the    crowd may be wrong about a President Trump : 1 . ) " I ’ll look into it " : A President Trump who will " look into " a particular situation is not the same as a president who will unconstitutionally legislate from the Oval Office . We have seen that A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation has good advisors , particularly Jeff Sessions of Alabama , a man whom no one would confuse with a    liberal . Sessions has been the most vocal opponent of illegal immigration in the Senate . Does anyone think that his influence would lead to a Gang of Eight scenario and compromise from A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation ? " Looking into it " might produce a push for even more stringent immigration policies from Congress . If Trump A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation he A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation support it A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation Congress Congress be foolish not to act .    2 . ) Trump A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation n’t start WWIII : Among the remaining candidates ( including the Democrats ) Trump A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation been the most vocal opponent of military adventurism . He A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation suggested he A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation take the fight to ISIS , but Trump A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation been insistent in his A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation that the Iraq war was a mistake , that American blood has been shed in a misguided attempt to restructure the Middle East , and that a real conservative American American policy would place American interests first , ahead of those of foreign nations . Trump A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation policy would be closest to the founding generation ’s desire for peaceful neutrality . As a businessman , Trump understands A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation peace produces prosperity , both for the American federal republic and the people who reside here . 3 . ) We may get Judge Napolitano : No , not Janet Napolitano , but Judge Andrew Napolitano for the Supreme Court . Critics have charged that Trump would A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation appoint a rabid leftist for the bench , perhaps his sister A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation but in a recent interview , Trump advisor A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation Stone hinted that Andrew Napolitano Judge Napolitano Trump ’s A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation to take Antonin Scalia ’s seat on the bench . It the bench sense . Napolitano has a high Judge Napolitano in the media and is rock solid on civil liberties . And though he appears regularly on Judge Napolitano News , he is not an Judge Napolitano favorite , nor would he be an establishment Judge Napolitano . It would be as unconventional as a Trump presidency . A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation is good for America . Who needs another Harvard lawyer on the Supreme Court bench ? We have a clear example of how a Harvard Law grad has screwed up America . He currently resides America Judge Napolitano Pennsylvania Ave . Hillary Clinton thought he would make a Judge Napolitano Supreme Court justice . 4 . ) Trump brings back A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation Reagan coalition : It was n’t that long ago that people used to salivate over the 1980s Reagan coalition of    Democrats Reagan    Republicans . Trump has that A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation of appeal . This is why his message resonates A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation the political spectrum and why many Americans are supporting him . If A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation Republican Party is serious about a " big tent " philosophy , Trump is their A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation . Most conservatives the Republican Party Republican because they lack real alternatives . Most conservatives is better , they think , to hold Most conservatives nose and pull the Most conservatives for Mitt Romney than vote for Barack Obama . This has n’t worked , and American knows it . Trump represents real This , what Glenn Beck recently derided as the " bubba effect , " and real America is ready to real America real America to the curb . They want jobs , security , and someone who is n’t afraid to stand up to the cultural Marxism of the establishment , both Left and the establishment Reagan would agree . He nailed the " bubba " vote Reagan well . That worked out ok . 5 . ) Trump cleans up A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation : Trump has made A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation that he intends to A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation Hillary Clinton if elected president . That is a good start , and candidate Hillary does n’t stand a chance against the verbal onslaught Trump would bring A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation a Trump v. Clinton A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation has never encountered someone A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation Trump as a candidate . A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation is not awe struck A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation the Clinton machine . But more than that , Trump prides himself on efficiency A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation Grover A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation , the last good Democrat elected to the executive office , rode a wave of    into the executive mansion and proceeded to remove as much of the cancer from Washington as possible . It would not be hard to image a similar great purge of establishment corruption from D. C. should Trump be elected . It A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation like shining lights on cockroaches . Clinton would be the first target , but other vestiges of Washington corruption would be getting a Trump scrubbing . Who Washington n’t A President Trump who will "look into" a particular situation that ? At the end of the day , Americans should ask , " Do we want a chief legislator , a dictator in chief Americans already has an agenda and like Teddy Roosevelt , Wilson , FDR , Truman , Kennedy , Johnson , Nixon , Obama etc . will force Congress into submission ? " We have already seen how that screwed up America . Think the New Deal , Fair Deal , and the Great Society . Making America great again will take a different kind of leadership America one in which " I ’ll look into it " is preferable to " I ’ll act even if it ’s unconstitutional . " 
 it 