General Michael Flynn has been offered the post of national security adviser in Donald Trump ’s administration . General Michael Flynn is a senior intelligence officer and during the election campaign General Michael Flynn was vociferous in General Michael Flynn denunciation of Hillary Clinton , even leading the chants for Hillary Clinton to be locked up . [ General Michael Flynn is also a    critic of Obama ’s military policies   —    or what General Michael Flynn regards as the lack of military policies   . In particular General Michael Flynn has called for a fiercer response to Islamic State .   General Michael Flynn is on record as having said , " It ’s rational to fear Muslims . " On the BBC ’s Today Programme , the presenter Nick Robinson described Flynn ’s statement as " controversial . " So that ’s the BBC the BBC of what counts as controversial ! How so when for decades Muslims have been shooting , bombing , dispossessing and otherwise terrorising people in large numbers on three continents ? But the left wing establishment   —    that politically correct amalgamation of politicians , senior churchmen and huge sections of the media   —    insists that we should n’t notice the slaughter . As a priest in the Church of England , I wish we would adopt the attitude and policies of some of our best we . In the Burgundian town of Vézelay , on 31 March 1146 , St Bernard of Clairvaux delivered his famous St Bernard of Clairvaux on responding to the Muslim threat : "   …     Will you allow the infidels to contemplate in peace the ravages they have the infidels on Christian people ?    …     Fly then to arms let the holy rage animate you in the fight , and let the Christian world resound with these words of the Hebrew prophet : ‘ Cursed be he who the Hebrew prophet not stain his sword the Hebrew prophet blood ! ’ " Islam , the famous " religion of peace and love " has got a CV . Here is a summary of its imperialistic incursions and attempted conquests over the last 1300 years : In AD 732 a Muslim army of as many as 200 , 000 men was defeated by the Christian Charles Martel at Tours . If that battle had been lost , all Europe would have fallen to militant Islam . In 1565 the relief of the Siege of Malta , by a Christian alliance , ensured that the Mediterranean did not fall into Muslim hands and so give them a Muslim in southern Europe , Following the defeat of the Muslim Turks by the Knights of St John at Malta in 1565 , there came the Battle of Lepanto on 7th October 1571 when a fleet of the Holy League , a coalition of Spain ( including its territories Spain Naples , Sicily and Sardinia ) the Republic of Venice , the Papacy , the Republic of Genoa , the Duchy of Savoy , the Knights Hospitaller and others , decisively defeated the main fleet of the Ottoman Empire . There was that other 11 September   —    1683 when Christian armies under Jan Sobieski arrived at the gates of Vienna and defeated the last substantial Muslim incursion : the last , that is , before the one which we face at present . There is no doubt that militant Islam ’s current aggression will have to be firmly suppressed if the character of Europe as we know it is to survive . If the European powers can not bring themselves to the European powers firmly , then the continent will be dominated by the Islamic ideology within a generation , with the resulting loss of all our freedoms   —    and of course the loss of countless lives . The character of Islam has long been understood by some of the finest minds in Europe . One of the most outstanding philosophers of the 20th century , R. G. Collingwood in his The R. G. Collingwood Leviathan ( 1942 ) described Islam as " a barbarism . " And the great poet Samuel Coleridge had this to say in his On Samuel Coleridge Constitution of Church and State ( 1830 ) : " That erection of a temporal monarch under the pretence of a spiritual authority , which was not possible in Christendom but by the extinction or entrancement of the spirit of Christianity , this was effected in full by Mahomet , to the establishment of the most extensive and complete despotism that ever warred against civilisation and the interests of humanity . " Winston Churchill wrote : " How dreadful are the curses which Mohammedanism lays on its votaries ! Besides the fanatical frenzy , which is as dangerous in a man as hydrophobia in a dog , there is this fearful fatalistic apathy . " World War III is not something that belongs to the future : it has World War III going on for a long time . The strategy of Islam is what it has The strategy of Islam been , and that is to defeat , subdue and rule the west . Yes , there is a war on . The trouble is only one side is fighting it . only one side us hope that , under the guidance of General Michael Flynn , this policy of appeasement and defeatism is about to change . 
 