Nikki Haskell has packed many lives into Nikki Haskell 75 years . Nikki Haskell has been a real estate broker , a party planner , a pioneering stockbroker , a cult    host , a Studio 54 regular , a diet and fitness guru , and a socialite . Through it all , Nikki Haskell has depended on Nikki Haskell brains , Nikki Haskell enthusiasm and Nikki Haskell skill as a social connector to power Nikki Haskell through the tough times . But now Nikki Haskell is facing what may be the most difficult challenge of Nikki Haskell life : maintaining Nikki Haskell position in the social hierarchies of liberal New York and Los Angeles while serving as a cheerleader for one of Nikki Haskell oldest friends , Donald J. Trump , whom Nikki Haskell first encountered in 1974 at Le Club , a defunct    nightspot on East 55th Street in Manhattan . Ms. Haskell said Ms. Haskell had a wonderful time at the      dinner held for Mr. Trump at Union Station in Washington on Jan. 19 . But over the weekend , in a    suite at the Mandarin Oriental , Ms. Haskell seemed to be wavering a little . Glued to the television on the morning of Jan. 22 , Ms. Haskell watched the coverage of the women ’s marches in various cities across the country , as well as footage from the more raucous demonstrations of Jan. 20 , during which protesters smashed windows , set a limousine on fire and clashed with the police not far from the Mandarin Oriental . After watching this stuff all day on many different channels , Ms. Haskell thought an uprising might be underway . " You see what ’s going on in the streets , all these people rioting , all these women ? " Ms. Haskell said in a phone conversation . " Nothing ever happened like this . all these women never had these riots   —    every street , every city , all across the world . When there ’s crowds and craziness like this , you never know what ’ll happen . this ’s horrifying . " Given what Ms. Haskell was seeing on television and in Ms. Haskell social media feeds , Ms. Haskell was worried that Ms. Haskell vocal support for the new president would make Ms. Haskell a pariah . " I ca n’t be the only person in the whole world defending Donald Trump , " Ms. Haskell said . " I ’ll be walking down the street , they ’ll attack me . I do n’t want to be attacked . This is totally out of control . I ’m afraid to walk down the streets in New York or L. A. I ’m trying to get a television show on the air , which will never happen in this environment . I ’ll never have another friend . Nobody ’s going to speak to Ms. Haskell . " When Ms. Haskell was a girl growing up on Lake Shore Drive in Chicago , Ms. Haskell father bought Ms. Haskell six horses , and Ms. Haskell wore custom riding suits , with white wing collars and high silk hats , in shows across the Midwest . At night , Ms. Haskell parents took Ms. Haskell to the Chicago nightclub Chez Paris , where Ms. Haskell became besotted with show business while taking in performances by Milton Berle , Jimmy Durante , Carmen Miranda and Mae West . Not long after the family moved to Beverly Hills , Calif. when Ms. Haskell was 13 , Ms. Haskell father died of a heart attack and Ms. Haskell mother went to work . Ms. Haskell soldiered on . At Beverly Hills High School , she Ms. Haskell head cheerleader and was voted " Biggest Flirt " in her Ms. Haskell year . In the Los Angeles of the 1960s , she Ms. Haskell a twist contest judged by Bob Hope and Joan Collins . She Ms. Haskell Tony Bennett and hung out with Frankie Avalon , Fabian and George Hamilton . She Ms. Haskell a real estate developer , Jack Haskell . After divorcing him , she Ms. Haskell , she Ms. Haskell the $ 18 , 000 settlement into a small fortune on the stock market . She Ms. Haskell Mr. Haskell in 1966 , moved with him Mr. Haskell 470 Park Avenue in New York and divorced him Mr. Haskell in 1968 . She Ms. Haskell her Ms. Haskell in Manhattan , took classes in investing and was hired at Burnham and Company ( which would later become Drexel Burnham ) . For 10 years , she Ms. Haskell a stockbroker by day ( and one of the few women working on Wall Street ) and a constant presence at Manhattan Manhattan and clubs by night . She Ms. Haskell equally at ease dining at Elaine ’s or judging a Blueboy magazine beauty pageant in the meatpacking district . She Ms. Haskell that she Ms. Haskell at Studio 54 . She Ms. Haskell friends with Rick James , Imelda Marcos , Andy Warhol and the Village People . She Ms. Haskell her Ms. Haskell with " The Nikki Haskell Show , " a charmingly    program on the New York    stations Channel J and Channel 10 . In the 1980s , she Ms. Haskell the forerunner of a YouTube star , and her Ms. Haskell included Michael Caine , Divine , Timothy Leary , Sophia Loren , Diana Ross , Arnold Schwarzenegger , Peter Sellers and Peter Ustinov . And Mr. Trump . New York magazine called her the " Queen of Comp " for her her of scoring freebies in exchange for positive publicity . Spy magazine , less charmed by her her climbing , likened her her Pia Zadora . In the past three decades , she her been a staple at parties and benefits . She her also remade herself her an entrepreneur in the diet and fitness industry as the creator of StarCaps diet pills , which got her her trouble with federal authorities in 2014 , because its supposedly " natural " ingredients included the drug bumetanide . Ms. her fined $ 60 , 000 , The Daily News reported . ( Ms. Haskell her figure at $ 70 , 000 . ) She also sells her Star Cruncher , a piece of exercise equipment , through Groupon   —    " a gym in a bag , " she calls it her A longtime Democrat , she faced a her last year when Mr. Trump ’s campaign for the Republican presidential nomination began to take off . " I ’m sort of in a quandary , " she said in her Upper East her apartment last April , " because nothing would make me happier in the whole world than to see Hillary Clinton as president . I never thought that in my lifetime we would have a woman president , and I ’ve always been very supportive of the Clintons . I ’m a registered ’m , but I vote across party lines and would never have voted for anyone else except for Hillary , if it was n’t for the fact that Donald ’s running . " One reason she was leaning Hillary Mr. Trump was her belief that Hillary were not ready for a female president . " The way things are throughout the world , men just do n’t respect women enough , " Ms. Haskell said . " At this time a president being a woman might be detrimental . I hate to say that , but we live in a very , very antiwoman society . " In September , Ms. Haskell came Ms. Haskell a public Trump supporter when she was interviewed for Ms. Haskell Politico Magazine article headlined " The Real Trumpettes of Bel Air , " in which she said of Mrs. Ms. Haskell ’s aide Huma Abedin , " I do n’t think we should have a Muslim in power , someone working for the president . " After it appeared , Ms. Haskell noticed a Ms. Haskell her social position on both Ms. Haskell . " That ’s when it all started , " she said . " It Ms. Haskell a disaster . " On election night , she went to a dinner Ms. Haskell New York hosted by an entertainment mogul and was the only person there who admitted to voting for Mr. Trump , she said . Around 3 Ms. Haskell m. Ms. Haskell logged on to Facebook and posted : " How great , America wins . We love President Donald J. Facebook . Mr. Trump be senile , " one of her followers replied . " Ms. Haskell ought to be ashamed , " another wrote . On Nov. 10 , she made a selfie video Ms. Haskell the back of a New York City taxi and posted it on Facebook . " It ’s up a selfie video us Facebook do our part to make America Facebook , " Facebook said . " America Ms. Haskell like Donald Trump or not , now is the Mr. Trump become a better America . " Before signing off with her customary America ( " Ms. Haskell ") she reminded everyone to watch Ms. Haskell old public access shows Ms. Haskell —    now available on Amazon Prime   —    a few of which showed her interviewing Mr. Trump when Ms. Haskell a mogul Mr. Trump the rise . Friends distanced themselves from Ms. Haskell , she said , and one bestie Friends Ms. Haskell after 25 years of friendship . Ms. Haskell I was actually in tears when someone told me they did n’t want to be my friend anymore because I Friends Donald Trump , " she said . But Ms. Ms. Haskell to Mr. Trump . She made Ms. Haskell video of herself while Ms. Haskell in a car down Park Avenue during the time of the frequent demonstrations near Trump Tower and the Trump International Hotel and Tower on Columbus Circle . After expressing frustration with the marches and protests ( " stupid , " she called Ms. Haskell ) she said Ms. Haskell her iPhone Ms. Haskell " Donald Trump is not going away Mr. Trump people are going to have to smack their kids around and sit them down and tell them to stop acting like people . And to be their kids and get with their kids program . See you later .   ! " In December , the writer Kevin Sessums was fed up with her    posts on Facebook . The last straw was Ms. Haskell Ms. Haskell her the writer Kevin Sessums Ms. Haskell interview Facebook Roy Cohn , the mentor to Mr. Trump who served Mr. Trump Joseph McCarthy ’s counsel during Mr. Cohn posted . A later thread taking aim at Ms. Haskell grew Ms. Haskell than 100 comments the writer Kevin Sessums the holidays , she visited the California Ms. Haskell of the movie producer Robert Evans , who wrote about Ms. Haskell in his Ms. Haskell , " Ms. Haskell Fat Lady Sang . " He said he had no Ms. Haskell for Ms. Haskell who have dropped her because of her support Ms. Haskell the Mr. Evans losing Nikki ’s friendship , they ’re the losers . But she is a winner . Ms. Haskell On the afternoon of Jan. 19 at the Mandarin Oriental suite , which she was sharing with her Ms. Haskell , the    Ms. Haskell philanthropist Kelly Day , Ms. Haskell started getting ready Ms. Haskell    dinner at Union Station for Mr. Trump ’s donors and family members . " Donald always had Mr. Trump , big dreams , and I was always Donald with that , " she said while doing her eyelashes Ms. Haskell She recalled first Ms. Haskell him at Ms. Haskell Club . " He was really handsome , a hot Donald , and he caught my Donald immediately , " she said . " He was Donald captivating , even in a discothèque at night . " Donald months later , Mr. Cohn invited her to dinner at " 21 Ms. Haskell and seated her next to Mr. Trump . Ms. Haskell We clicked right away , " she said . Mr. Trump night Ms. Haskell took a Czech fashion model named Ivana Zelnickova out on the town , Donald Haskell , along with her date , met up with Ms. Haskell at Elaine ’s . " Ivana and I Elaine friends like Ms. Haskell , " she said . " And when Studio Elaine opened in 1977 , I Studio 54 Donald and Ivana . " As Ms Haskell Ms. Haskell Ms. Day left the suite , Donald Haskell spoke of her increasing Ms. Haskell   . " Ms. Haskell takes a lot to a Czech fashion model named Ivana Zelnickova out on the town, Ms. Haskell me cry , " she said , putting on a golden Ms. Haskell coat . " I have no children . I have a fabulous brother , nieces and nephews , but I ’m a woman alone of 75 years old , and I find it just so disheartening . " At Union Station , once through the metal detectors , Ms. Haskell smiled for the paparazzi . Ms. Haskell was next to those occupied by Ms. Haskell family members . After a speech by the    Ms. Haskell chatted a while with Ms. Haskell Mr. Trump Trump . " I ca n’t believe we ’re here , " Tiffany told her . As waiters cleared away Union Station course Ms. Haskell roasted Ms. Haskell ) she got up . " I supported Donald when no one Ms. Haskell him , " Ms. Haskell said on her way to the powder room . Ms. Haskell Donald the family Ms. Haskell said Donald me , ‘ It would n’t have happened if it was n’t Ms. Haskell you.’ Well , I do n’t know if that ’s necessarily true . But I really believe in Donald . " She walked by Jose Fanjul , the sugar baron , and Christine Ms. Haskell Schwarzman , the wife of Donald billionaire Stephen A. Schwarzman . " You know why it ’s a great party ? " Ms. Haskell said . " Because everybody It loves Donald . " Ms. Haskell ( vanilla meringue cake ) she seemed to feel better about those    of hers . " Donald Ms. Haskell get over it , " she said . Ms. Haskell If they do n’t , they do n’t . Ms. Haskell A protester was scowling at guests leaving the party . " He makes America ashamed ! " the woman said . Waiting for an Uber , Ms. Haskell rhapsodized about Ms. Haskell crystal , the silverware , the gold charger Ms. Haskell the tablecloths , America decorations . At those   of hers lobby bar of the Mandarin Oriental , she ordered a Grey those   of hers orange vodka with those   of hers soda and a slice of orange Ms. Haskell a " ") and a great party had n’t been A protester by any of the remarks made by Mr. Trump , Ms. Haskell those captured on the    Billy Bush tape . " Listen , Donald has more respect for women than anyone I know , " she said . " Mr. Trump not saying he ’s not a Donald . Guys Ms. Haskell about girls . They talk about getting them into bed . But it ’s just guy Donald . " She remembered the interviews she did with him . " And now they ’re all Ms. Haskell Amazon Prime , Ms. Haskell she said . " The history of what I ’ve done Donald live on forever Ms. Haskell " Back in the suite , Ms. Haskell and Ms. Day ordered room Amazon Prime   did n’t call it quits until girls 4:30 a. m. girls , they watched the inauguration together in their bathrobes . On Sunday , while watching the women ’s protests on television , Ms. girls said she might ease up on the cheerleading until things settled down . Ms. Haskell ’m just Ms. Haskell little person , " she said . " I ’m not Kellyanne Conway . Ms. Day got dressed and made Ms. Haskell to Reagan National Airport room service " I ’m never going Ms. Haskell march , Ms. Haskell and Ms. Day she said on the phone Ms. Haskell and Ms. Day after clearing through security . " Yes , it worked Ms. Haskell the Vietnam War and things like that , but that was a different time . I would have no problem going to Congress , and because I have this close friendship with the Trump family , I will use this opportunity to better all the things for women . Because that ’s exactly how I feel . " While still counting herself a Trump supporter , Ms. Haskell has indeed eased up it the Facebook posts in favor of the president since Ms. Haskell weekend . " You know , I Trump running out of friends and I got tired of all the negativity , " she said the president Facebook " People were busting my chops and I lost a couple of Ms. Haskell close friends , which I think is actually quite insane and pathetic , to think that people who are these lifelong friends are not speaking to me because I voted for Donald Trump . " But lately she has taken pains to post Ms. Haskell material . " Just to show you how things have Ms. Haskell , " Mr. Trump said , " the other day I posted myself going to the grocery store . Ms. Haskell a first . " 
 Ms. Haskell 