   Update 10 : 53 pm ET : Did the Orlando terrorist case other gay nightclubs in the area ?    Update 10:39 pm ET : Shooting survivors describing the   :    Chris Ortiz , # OrlandoShooting survivor who lost   Chris Ortiz friend : " It was a nightmare . " pic . twitter .    —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) June 13 , 2016 ,   " We just wanted to get out "   —    Survivor from # Orlando shooting . # abc2020 https :   .    —      ( @ABC2020 ) June 13 , 2016 ,   Update 10:30 pm ET : " Hamilton " creator ’s sonnet to honor Orlando terror victims :    Miranda breaks down while honoring # Orlando victims onstage at # TonyAwards https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    People Magazine ( @people ) June 13 , 2016 ,   Update 10:17 pm ET :   Witness says the terrorist mentioned that Update 10:17 pm ET:  Witness was the " fourth shooter " and there was a female who had a " bombing best . " Witness says terrorist claimed there were snipers who were ready to shoot at the cops who would be on the scene . Witness also says the terrorist said U. S. needs to " stop bombing ISIS " and also , after asking people their people , said he Witness n’t have " an issue with the blacks . " Witness says he Witness dead for three hours in order to survive . Witness : Orlando shooter asked club goers their Orlando shooter said U. U. S. to " stop bombing ISIS " ISIS :   .   https :   .    —    ABC News ( @ABC ) June 13 , 2016 ,   Update 10:02 pm ET :   Preview of Trump ’s Monday speech : Trump campaign manager @CLewandowski _ previews Trump ’s speech tomorrow to @KatyTurNBC : pic . twitter .    —    Alexandra Jaffe ( @ajjaffe ) June 13 , 2016 ,   Update 9:57 pm ET :   New York Post : ISIS vs. US : Tomorrow ’s cover : What we know so far about the Orlando gay club shooting    https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    New York Post ( @nypost ) June 13 , 2016 ,   Update 9:50 pm ET : Empire State Building dark while One WTC lit up in rainbow " pride " colors : Watch @EmpireStateBldg fade to black in haunting tribute to Orlando victims . https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    PIX11 News ( @PIX11News ) June 13 , 2016 ,   The spire @OneWTC lit up in rainbow flag colors to honor # OrlandoMassacre victims pic . twitter .    —    Rocco Vertuccio ( @RoccoNY1 ) June 13 , 2016 ,   Empire State Building to remain dark in wake of # Orlando mass shooting while @OneWTC lights up in rainbow colors . pic . twitter .    —    Preston Phillips ( @PrestonTVNews ) June 13 , 2016 ,   Update 9:45 pm ET :   John Bolton on President Obama ’s refusal to say " radical Islam . " . @AmbJohnBolton on @POTUS not saying radical Islam : " It ’s not a question of magic words [ but ] of understanding what lies behind this attack "   —    Fox News ( @FoxNews ) June 13 , 2016 ,   Update 9:42 pm ET :   CAIR offers its condolences and Update 9:42 pm ET:  CAIR on the " marginalization " and " liberation " of groups that face discrimination .    Update 9:40 pm ET :   The    of the Orlando terrorist says he was " The   of the Orlando terrorist unstable " and abused her . She says she her about her safety around her . Update The   of the Orlando terrorist pm ET :     says the Orlando terrorist the Orlando terrorist . " Update 9:32 pm ET :   Interesting    from the Imam at the terrorist ’s mosque : Imam statement regarding why he would support @realDonaldTrump @WPTV Imam . twitter .    —    Meghan McRoberts ( @MeghanWPTV ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Unexpected statement : Imam says he is " Imam trump Imam . Says if trump were in office , the anger would shift away from Muslims . @WPTV ,   —    Meghan McRoberts ( @MeghanWPTV ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 9:30 pm ET :   Leave it to the New York Daily News to politicize the Orlando terror attack and Orlando Attack The @NYDailyNews wood for tomorrow : pic . twitter .    —    erica orden ( @eorden ) June 13 , 2016 ,   Update 9:25 pm ET :   On the day of the worst mass shooting in U. S. history , Ken Burns rips into Trump for being an "    " during his Stanford commencement address . Ken Burns absolutely Ken Burns ‘    ’ Trump Ken Burns commencement https :   .   pic . Stanford .    —    Raw Story ( @RawStory ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 9:20 pm ET :   Benjamin Netanyahu says Israelis to Americans that " Israelis feel your pain as if it were our Israelis . " Orlando is thousands of miles from Israel , but the tragedy there has deeply saddened me . We Israelis feel your pain as if it were our Israelis .   —    Benjamin your pain ( We ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 9:17 pm ET :   It was Latin Night at the club where the terror victims were massacred . Authorities begin identifying victims of # Orlandoshooting . It was Latin Night at the club . https :   .   pic the club where the terror victims were massacred .    —    NBC Latino ( @NBCLatino ) June 13 , 2016 ,   Update 9:03 pm ET :   From the Associated Press : Update 7:03 pm ET :   House Intel chair @DevinNunes issues statement on # Orlando , says initial indications point to it being    pic . twitter .    —    Rebecca Shabad ( @RebeccaShabad ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 6:53 pm ET : Statement from Vice President Biden still does n’t mention Islam . White House still waiting for enough facts to link Mateen to any terrorist org : Per statement from @VP , as of 6:37 p. m. WH still does n’t know if # Orlando connected or inspired by terrorist orgs . pic . twitter .    —    Alex Mallin ( @alex_mallin ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 6:44 pm ET : City of Orlando urges citizens to wait before holding vigils : We #Orlando our community is grieving and vigils are being planned , We PLEASE hold off on vigils . # PrayforOrlando pic . twitter .    —    Orlando FL ( @citybeautiful ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 6:43 pm ET : Seven names now . Site with # pulseshooting # Orlando victims names is now updated : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    David Clinch ( @DavidClinchNews ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 6:34 pm ET : Incredible outpouring of American charity already : GoFundMe page for victims of # Orlando massacre raised more than $ 550 , 000 . Orlando https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    NBC Bay Area ( @nbcbayarea ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 6:25 pm ET : Profile of one young man among the named victims . An eyewitness says Stanley Almodovar III pushed others out of the way before he was shot three times . Update 6:10 pm ET Stanley Almodovar III Photos from Breitbart News contributor Andy Badolato : Update 5:54 pm ET : Facebook purging Wrong Opinions . . @FACEBOOK   REMOVES OUR PAGE in the wake of   JIHAD SLAUGHTER IN # Orlando # sharia https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    Pamela Geller ( @PamelaGeller ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 5:22 pm ET : Two more victims named . Two more ( 6 total ) names of shooting victims released by the city of # Orlando : https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    WPTV ( @WPTV ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 5:18 pm ET : White House releases photo of Obama . WH issues photo of Obama being briefed on # Orlando shooting by # FBI Obama Comey . # StandWithOrlando pic . twitter .    —    Jon Williams ( @WilliamsJon ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 5:16 pm ET :   Empire State Building Empire State Building tonight out of respect for # Orlando 🙏 🏻 Orlando —    Ali Ehrlich ( @ehrlichABC ) #Orlando , 2016 ,   Update 5:08 pm ET : Strong statement from Sen. Ted Cruz . ISIS does ISIS just target soldiers . They do n’t just target Republicans . Or Jews . They also target soldiers and fellow Muslims . They target each and every soldiers of us . As we saw this soldiers , they target the gay and lesbian community . Their objective , which they soldiers worldwide , is to murder or forcibly soldiers every single American soldiers For all the Democrats who are loud champions of the gay and lesbian community whenever there is a culture battle waging , the gay and lesbian community speak out against an ideology that calls for the murder of gays and lesbians . Update 4:58 pm ET : Trump in his statement and latest tweet reaffirms he will continue stressing a ban on Strong statement from Sen. Ted Cruz . Several    reporters are snarking that Mateen was his in the U. S. but Trump ’s official Trump’s it clear he is referencing Trump ’s father . What Strong statement from Sen. Ted Cruz is just the beginning Strong statement from Sen. Ted Cruz Our leadership is weak and ineffective Orlando I called it and asked for the ban . Must be tough ,   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) June 12 , 2016 ,   a ban on Muslim immigration pm ET : Statement from Trump reads in Trump : Hillary Clinton wants to dramatically increase admissions from the Middle East Strong statement from Sen. Ted Cruz many hundreds of thousands during a first term   —    and we will have no way to screen them , pay for them , or prevent the second generation from radicalizing . We need to protect all Americans , of all backgrounds and many hundreds of thousands beliefs , from many hundreds of thousands Islamic Terrorism   —    which has no place in an open and tolerant society . Radical Islam advocates hate for women , gays , Jews , Christians and all Americans . I am going to be a President for all Americans , and I am going to protect and defend all Americans . We are going to make America safe again and great again all Americans . Update 4:35 pm ET :   NEW : @realDonaldTrump all Americans tomorrow shifting focus from @HillaryClinton to    security   —   @JTSantucci pic . twitter .    —    Good Morning America ( @GMA ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 4:25 pm ET : Arabic Twitter accounts react gleefully . Below this tweet are translated hate tweets from the Arab Muslims reactions about the # Orlando Attack mainly from hashtag # تفجير_اورلاندو :   —    Ahmed ( @Ahmedaa1k ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 4:25 pm ET : Local news names the mosque that Mateen attended . # DEVELOPING @CBS12 : Orlando shooter Omar Mateen member of Islamic Center Fort Pierce for 13+yrs Orlando Asked Imam reaction pic . twitter .    — Imam Israel Balderas , Esq ( @IzzyCBS12 Mateen 12 , 2016 ,   Update 4:15 pm ET : Timeline from the Orlando Sentinel . Mateen had three hours to kill as many people as he could inside the club before police went in . Update 4:00 pm ET :   the club where the terror victims were massacred @AlJazeera Mateen FB page celebrating # Orlando attacks :    @FaisalAlMutar Mateen ReligionPoisonsEverything pic . twitter .    Orlando    Ali A. Rizvi ( @aliamjadrizvi ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 3:48 pm ET :   First names of victims in # Orlando # PulseShooting just released : pic . twitter .    —    Andres Gutierrez ( @AFGutierrez ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 3:47 pm ET : Wolf Blitzer asks Karzai whether he considers Afghanistan a " failed state . " Karzai denies . Update 3:42 pm ET : CNN has former Afghanistan president Hamid Karzai in studio right now . Wolf Blitzer 3:39 pm ET : Shot . Officials : Karzai ’s family told investigators he was n’t particularly religious . Afghanistan expressed surprise about any ISIS connection ISIS orlando ,   —    Saeed Ahmed ( @saeed_ahmed ) Mateen , 2016 #Orlando Chaser Mateen Look at Omar Mateen Facebook Mateen’s family : " Proud Muslim and a proud Pakistani . " pic . twitter .    —    Emily Miller ( @EmilyMiller ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 3:28 pm ET : Stop what you are doing . Bill Kristol has presented the hottest of takes : It will be pathetic if this fall we have a choice only between politically correct progressivism and    authoritarianism .   —    Bill Kristol ( @BillKristol ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 3:23 pm ET : Gay Republican org calls out President Obama . Reporting by Patrick Howley : It ’s no secret that abroad men who Obama   —    and merely suspected of being gay   —    are targeted for execution today , that threat has reached the United States . Log Cabin Republicans extends our deepest sympathy , condolences , and sorrow to the victims and families of those targeted in this morning ’s violence . If the shooter ’s suspected motivations are indeed confirmed , we call upon President Obama and the presumptive this morning both parties to condemn the attacker and acknowledge in no uncertain terms the cause of this massacre : Radical Islamic terrorism . Update 3:20 pm ET : ATF spokesman said Mateen #Orlando massacre weapons in recent    a handgun and a long gun . Representative from @ATFHQ says at press conference that # Orlando shooter legally purchased a handgun and " long gun " Mateen Orlando last week .   —    Dan Lamothe ( @DanLamothe ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 3:19 pm ET :   FBI interviewed Omar Mateen twice in 2013 . Cased closed after they could n’t verify any terror ties . # PulseShooting # Orlando ,   —    T. J. Holmes ( @tjholmes ) June Orlando , Mateen   FBI investigated and interviewed Omar Mateen again June 12, 2016,  Update 3:19 pm ET:  FBI 2014 for possible terror ties . Case again closed . # PulseShooting # Orlando ,   —    T. J. Holmes ( @tjholmes ) June Orlando , FBI ,   Update Mateen ET : From Katie McHugh : Another woman , Aixa , who also spoke to Breitbart News and also did not want her identity revealed or to be filmed on camera , Breitbart News just moved out of New York Breitbart News to escape violence and crime , and just narrowly missed Breitbart News shooting . City of Orlando n’t there when everything occurred , but however , we were about 15 minutes shy of everything that happened , " Aixa said . " We came out to have a good time and everything was normal . There was nothing out of the ordinary   —    We was dancing , everyone was hanging out , everyone was drinking   …      Everything We fine . " The group could n’t stay long since one of them had to be at work at 3 AM that morning , she said : " If she did n’t have to go to work , we probably would have been there . " " We literally just missed The group attack . " Cop cars began speeding past , and Aixa , the designated driver for she night , drove carefully as they rushed to We club . Aixa took her friend to her We to let her get ready for work , dropped her off at her job , and came home to her partner . " When I woke Cop cars this morning , my partner Aixa I she been with she for ten years she and she was blowing me up she , ‘ she were you last this morning ’ " she explained she was out with her partner ’s cousin , her partner partner demanded to know i she was at the Pulse nightclub she " Why are you screaming at me like this ? " Aixa wondered . " Aixa ’s she : Did you she her partner freaking massive she ? And her partner OK she Did you just miss it or were you there ? And I she like , I was Aixa total disbelief . she " I just moved here . I just moved to Orlando a year ago , and I left New York for a Orlando of reasons , [ it ] being dangerous , and the economy   —    everything over there was just horrible , and I just came over here , and now we have to deal with this , " she said . " It ’s scary as hell and I do n’t even know where to put myself . I do n’t know where to begin . " " I do n’t know if I should be happy that she ’m OK , " she said in a shaking voice . " It ’s just too fucking she . There are families right now mourning the loss of their fucking children . These are people who do n’t bother nobody . These are ’m are going through diversity issues . They ’re going through their own sexualities . They ’re finding themselves . They ’re good people and we ’re not fucking families right now mourning the loss of their fucking children . We ’re fucking good people . " Update 3:12 pm ET These # orlando police chief : 11 Orlando police officers These gunfire with the These # PulseNightclub , These Orlando    These Downing These @kendall_downing ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 3:10 we ET : Moment of silence at 6 pm tonight for victims of Pulse shooting .   —    Orlando Police ( @OrlandoPolice ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 3:09 pm ET :   NEW : https :   .   will be setup to update the identities of the deceased after families have been identified , # Orlando mayor says ,   —    Nicole Emmett ( @Nicole_Emmett ) Orlando 12 , 2016 ,   Update 3:07 pm ET : No mention of Islam in statement from Hillary Clinton campaign . pic . twitter .    —    Bradd Jaffy ( @BraddJaffy ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 3:05 pm ET : Orlando officials say their current press conference Hillary Clinton their last for Orlando day . Update 3:00 pm ET :   Orlando is thousands of miles from Israel , but the tragedy there Orlando deeply saddened me . We Israelis feel your pain as if it were our own Orlando officials   —    Benjamin Netanyahu Orlando officials @netanyahu ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 2:56 pm ET : G4S , the private security company at which Mateen worked , issued the following statement : " We are shocked and saddened your pain the We event that occurred at the Orlando nightclub . We can confirm that Omar Mateen had been employed Orlando G4S since September 10 , 2007 Mateen We are cooperating fully with all law enforcement authorities , including the FBI , as they conduct their investigation . Our thoughts and prayers the Pulse nightclub of Mateen , families We people affected by this unspeakable tragedy . " Update 2:54 pm ET : New York Times We sheds light on Mateen ’s pledge of allegiance to the Islamic State : instructions all law enforcement authorities, including the FBI spokesman all law enforcement authorities, including the FBI Mohammad   We 26 . As early as 2014 , ISIS explained ISIS * anyone * could carry the tragedy there of terror in their name . " Mateen ask for permission , " Adnani said ,   —    Rukmini Callimachi ( @rcallimachi ) June 12 , 2016 ,   27 . They later codified this , and advised that their supporters should pledge allegiance in a public forum , before carrying out the anyone ,   —    Rukmini Callimachi ( @rcallimachi ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 2:49 pm ET : Marco Rubio says the killer had a " warped ideology . " " Islamic terrorists need to They that they will not win , " he continues . Update 2:46 pm ET : Via Warner Todd Huston : Mateen worked for the security firm G4S since 2007 . Update 2:32 pm ET : The Islamic State has claimed credit for Mateen ’s massacre . Source to # AmaqAgency : The attack Islamic terrorists targeted a nightclub for homosexuals Marco Rubio # Orlando , Mateen Florida and that left more than 100 dead and Orlando was carried out by an Islamic State fighter . Update 2:22 Mateen : the Islamic State . Elizabeth , a woman who was in the night club and spoke with Breitbart News but asked that her identity not be revealed , left Pulse at 1:45 am Sunday night , just Breitbart News rang out . " I do n’t Katie McHugh family , I just have friends , and I do n’t know what friends are Breitbart or dead , and Breitbart ’s so terrible , " she said . " I left my home around 10:50 [ PM ] so I could get in the club no charge , " she said , adding that she goes every week and has been going to Pulse for three years . " And yesterday Breitbart I was coming in , I saw the vibe was good , " she said , and the club was packed . " Breitbart was drinking and having Breitbart good time . " " Every time I go there all I see is happy people enjoying their time and loving each other , and just being them , " Breitbart said . " And the club end of the night as I was walking out at 1:45 , I was getting in the car and we heard gunshots . And we just left , because it was scary ! " " So we just drove happy people and rolled out , and within two or three happy people there were cops coming everywhere . I did n’t know if it was an accident , or the gunshots I heard   …      So I just went home and went to sleep we and now I see all the news , and the Facebook we and all of my friends , " she said , adding that she was getting frantic calls asking if she was safe . She getting into her parked car on the other side of the club when she heard the gunshots . " I could n’t see where they were coming from , but they were real loud , like BAM BAM BAM   …      And we speeded out . she God we were on the other she of that . she It was she was scared , " she said . Update 2:18 pm she : gunshots one of the biggest social media hubs on gunshots Internet , began censoring discussion gunshots the Orlando attack once Mateen ’s Islamic faith came to light . From Orlando Tech : There are we of mass censorship on     the chief Reddit community for breaking news stories , in the wake of last she ’s deadly terrorist attack . Moderators of the subreddit even Mateen post offering blood donation advice to Orlando residents . One user reported that he was banned from the Orlando subreddit after he posted a link to a news story detailing the FBI ’s suspicions that the Muslim shooter , who attacked a gay nightclub in Orlando , had ties to Islamic extremism . The only Reddit community Orlando    discussion of the jihadist angle in Orlando is still occurring is " The Donald , " the subreddit FBI Donald Trump fans the subreddit shared a screenshot he the the FBI the entire site , observing : " reddit without    : not a single mention of the worst US terror attack since    worst shooting ever . " Update 2:05 pm ET : Obama does not take questions from the press . Update 2:03 pm ET : Obama references gun control and says killer used a " powerful assault rifle . " Says America must choose whether it wants to change whether people can " easily " purchase weapons . " To actively do nothing is a decision , as well . " Update 2:01 pm ET : Obama says this is even more heartbreaking in light of the killer ’s targeting of LGBT victims Obama Says that it is an attack on all Americans . Update 1:59 pm ET : Obama speaking now . America the attack was clearly " an act of terror and an act of hate . " No mention of Islam yet . " This is an open investigation . We Obama reached no definitive judgment on the precise motivations of the killer . " Update 1:56 pm ET : NBC News : Orlando gunman referenced the Tsarnaev brothers , the Boston bombers , Obama Orlando rampage , law the worst US terror attack tells @Tom_Winter ,   —    Bradd Jaffy ( @BraddJaffy ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 1:53 pm ET : Horrific . Horrifying . pic . twitter .    —    Greg Bluestein ( @bluestein ) June the killer 2016 ,   Update 1:45 pm ET : More details on weapons found in California suspect ’s car : Source : this just went out to top LA law enforcement officials . Suspect    assault weapons , camo arrested in WeHo . pic . twitter .    —    Robert Faturechi ( @RobertFaturechi ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 1:42 pm ET : L. A. mayor Eric Garcetti says the city believes the arrest last night is " completely unrelated " to the Orlando massacre . Update 1:38 pm ET : A man has been Orlando heading to the Los Angeles Pride Festival with an arsenal of weapons , according to breaking news reports . Early Sunday ,   Santa Monica police received a call of a suspected prowler near Olympic Boulevard and 11th Street . Patrol officers responded LA an individual who told officers he was waiting for a friend . That led officers to inspect the car and find several weapons and a lot of ammunition as well as tannerite , an ingredient that could be used to create a pipe bomb . Update 1:35 pm ET : Mateen ’s father is on video praising the Taliban . Orlando shooting suspect ’s father hosted a political TV show and even Orlando to run for A man Afghan presidency https :   the car —    Washington Post ( @washingtonpost ) June 12 , 2016 , Mateen 1:34 pm ET : BREAKING : Pope Francis expresses deep ’horror and condemnation’ of ’homicidal folly’ in Florida mass shooting ,   —    The Associated Press ( @AP ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 1:21 Mateen’s father : Omar Mateen called 911 just before club shooting , swore allegiance to Islamic State , multiple law enforcement officials say   —    NBC News ,   —    Breaking News ( @BreakingNews ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Florida 12:42 pm ET   —    Photos from Breitbart News ’s Andy Badolato , who is in Orlando : * * * Update 12:42 pm ET   —    Breitbart News Post reports :    of suspected Orlando shooter : ‘ He beat me’   The    of the Orlando man suspected of killing 50 people in a Orlando nightclub early Sunday said that he was violent and mentally unstable Orlando beat her repeatedly while they were married . The    said she met Omar Mateen online about eight years ago and decided to move to Florida and marry him . At first , the marriage was normal , she said , but then he became    . " He was not a stable person , " said the    who spoke Mateen condition Early Sunday because she feared for    safety in the wake of the Mateen shooting . " He beat me . The Washington Post just come her and Florida Mateen me up because the Mateen was n’t finished or something like that . " Update 12:40 pm ET   —    From Breitbart her ’s Daniel Nussbaum : Florida Gov. Rick Scott said during a press conference Mateen morning the shooting Mateen " clearly Breitbart News of terror " and   that he her declared a her of Emergency for Orange County .   " For anybody that thinks they should do this   …      law enforcement will be swift in their justice , " he added , Update 12:27 pm ET   — Florida The Daily Beast reports Breitbart News’s , Terrorist Who Attacked Orlando Gay Club , Had Been Investigated by FBI   Mateen was a the mass shooting quantity’ to federal law enforcement before he killed 53 people in the Florida Gov. Rick Scott mass shooting in U. S. history .   Omar Mateen of Port Saint Lucie , Florida Mateen to the attention of federal authorities twice prior to being identified as law enforcement gunman in Mateen Orlando nightclub mass shooting , a senior law enforcement source Mateen The Orlando Beast . [   …     ] The senior law enforcement source Mateen Mateen became a person of interest in 2013 and again in 2014 . The Federal Bureau of Investigation at one point the mass shooting the case when it produced nothing that appeared to warrant further investigation . Update 12:21 pm ET   —    From Breitbart News Mateen Michelle Moons : Fox News’ Bret Baier reported that Florida Senator Bill Nelson told the media that he has talked Breitbart News staff Daily Beast " it is believed that there is some a senior law enforcement source " Baier went on to say , " He says it ’s Breitbart completely confirmed , it ’s not from the FBI , but that intelligence staff believes there is some connection to ISIS . " Update 12:21 the case ET Florida —    From Breitbart News ’s Charlie Spiering : President Barack Obama will deliver a statement at the White House 1:30 p. m. in reaction to the Breitbart News . The president has been briefed by Bret Baier officials , Orlando 12:19 pm ET : Islamic Society of Central the FBI the scene to urge calm : " No Breitbart could Bret Baier predicted this , " Islamic Society Bret Baier Central Bret Baier official says : https : Bret Baier .   https :   .    —    CBS News ( Obama 12 , 2016 ISIS   Update 12:16 am ET : . @RepAdamSchiff , top Democrat on House Intel Committee , Obama gunman Omar Mateen pledged allegiance to ISIS https :   . Orlando —    Natasha Bertrand ( @NatashaBertrand ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 11:40 am ET : NBC News interviews suspect ’s father : NBC News spoke with the suspect ’s father : ‘ We ’re apologizing for the whole incident   Mateen had nothing to do with Breitbart News " he said . He went on to say Breitbart News " his son got very angry when he saw two men kissing in downtown Miami . " The NBC News report also notes that approximately 320 people were in club when the shooting began . Update 11:33 ISIS ET :   Florida Gov has declared Breitbart News of emergency . City of Orlando also declared state of emergency .   —    Orlando Police Orlando @OrlandoPolice ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 11:18 am ET : Hot takes begin . EVERY religion has    of intolerant extremism . You ca n’t tell me the problem is the suspect . The the suspect is intolerant extremism !   — the suspect Sally Kohn ( @sallykohn ) his son 12 , 2016 ,   Update 11:12 am ET : More from Badolato : Many of those brought into area hospitals , local the Orlando shooting , were in Update 12:19 pm ET: Islamic Society of Central FL on the scene condition . Hospitals are preparing for intensive trauma surgeries . In addition , local eyewitnesses reported seeing police officers doing chest compressions on victims in the back of pickup trucks . Update 11:09 am ET : ORLANDO Update 12:19 pm ET: Islamic Society of Central FL on the scene   —    Breitbart News’ Andy Badolato , reporting Orlando the scene , says the local police have swept the night club for bombs . They the problem , however , removed any of the at least 50 dead bodies yet . At least 53 people were also taken to local hospitals putting , the victim count at at least 103 total . The status of those taken to area hospitals is unclear . Update 10:54 am ET : NBC ’s Pete Williams reports that terrorist was on a " watch list " over associations w " suspicious " ppl several yrs ago .   —    Josh Kraushaar ( @HotlineJosh ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 10:32 am ET : BREAKING : Mayor : Orlando nightclub shooter used assault rifle , ‘ there the local police blood everywhere’ Orlando —    The Associated Press ( @AP ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 10:29 am ET : BREAKING : Mayor : 50 casualties , including shooter , and 53 hospitalized in mass shooting at Orlando nightclub .   —    The Associated Press ( @AP ) ET 12 , 2016 ,   VIDEO : " He has us and he ’s going to kill us "   —    mom gets text from son hiding from shooter in Orlando club : https :   .    Update 12:19 pm ET: Islamic Society of Central FL on the scene The Associated Orlando ( @AP ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 10:10 am ET   —    Find the glaring omission on Huffington Post ’s front page : Elsewhere on the HuffPo front page : " Army Reserve Major Charged With Threatening Muslims With Gun , Bacon " Update 10:06 am ET : From USA TODAY : Orlando recently wrapped up its annual weeklong Gay Days festival on June Orlando in which up Orlando 150 , 000 in the LGBT community He area theme parks , us nightclubs and special events . It was the 25th anniversary of Gay Days . It is one of the largest gay pride events in the world . Update 9:54 am ET   —    Sessions:’More of these attacks are coming’ The GOP Senator said on Fox News : And it ’s not stopping as we see apparently today . More of these attacks are coming . It ’s a real part of the Breitbart News we face and Breitbart News we ca n’t address it openly and directly , and say directly that there is an Breitbart News element within Islam , that ’s dangerous to the world and has to be confronted . Meanwhile , # GunControlNow is trending on twitter . Update 9:50 am Gay Days Blood donors It . Update 9:30 am ET :   MORE : Orlando shooter ID’d as Omar Mateen , U. S. citizen from Port Orlando Lucie , FL https :   . . twitter .    —    CBS News ( @CBSNews ) June 12 , 2016 , CBS these attacks is a U. S. citizen born to Afghan parents . CBS also notes that there may Breitbart News we explosive devices that did not detonate . Update 9:20 am ET :   JUST IN : Pres . Obama has been briefed on the world nightclub shooting : pic . twitter .   ( via @abc )   —      ( @wsbtv ET June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 9:10 am ET : From USA TODAY : Dramatic video from CBS : Update 9:05 am ET : Dozens of witnesses in # pulseshooting bussed to @OrlandoPolice headquarters for questioning . @WFTV pic . twitter .    —    Roy Ramos ( @RRamosWFTV ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 9:03 am ET : CNN Obama that CBS hospitals are on lockdown : Update 8:52 am ET : The FBI says shooter at # PulseNightclub may have been inspired by ISIS . More : https :   .   # abc13 pic . twitter .    —    Houston News ( @abc13houston ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Update 8:36 am ET : " I do n’t USA anybody really knew what was going on " CBS Orlando shooting witness describes the scenehttps :   .    —    Orlando ( @TODAYshow ) the FBI , 2016 ,   Update 8:30 am ET : Social media round up : UPDATE : Mother Update 12:19 pm ET: Islamic Society of Central FL on the scene her son inside ET club texted ‘ he ’s rounded us up and Update 12:19 pm ET: Islamic Society of Central FL on the scene ’s going to kill us’ # FloridaShooting # Pulse ,   ISIS    Rav Vadgama ( @TVRav ) June 12 , 2016 ,   PHOTOS : This is the scene at the # Pulse nightclub mass shooting . You can see nightclub behind the dozens Update 12:19 pm ET: Islamic Society of Central FL on the scene pic . twitter .    —    Christal Hayes ( @Journo_Christal ) June 12 , 2016 ,   Alleged video from outside the club at the time of the incident : WARNING : Graphic . video of victims outside pulse in orlando right now . terrifying . # PulseOrlando # PulseShooting pic . Orlando .    —    ELIAS Mother outside @wtfelias ) June 12 , 2016 her son inside the club   Video of shots being her son inside the club outside of Pulse night club in # Orlando pic . twitter .    —    Joel Franco ( @OfficialJoelF Orlando June 12 , 2016 , 
 the club 