Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump surged to a    lead over Democratic rival Hillary Clinton in the USC    Angeles Times tracking poll on Tuesday . Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump now leads Clinton 45 . 8 % to 42 . 8 % Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump largest lead since Aug. 31 and a 4 . 4 % spike since Sep. 11 . [ The result is still within the poll ’s margin of error . The " Daybreak " poll methodology is described as follows :   The USC   . A. Times Presidential Election " Daybreak " Poll asks more than 400 people each day about more than 400 people voting intentions . A. Times Presidential Election "Daybreak" Poll is part of the Understanding America Study ( UAS ) at the University of Southern California ’s Dornsife Center for Economic and Social Research . Each day ’s poll respondents are a subset of the UAS election panel , roughly 3000 U. S. citizens who were randomly recruited from among all households in the United States . Respondents are asked three predictive questions : What is the percent chance that ( 1 ) you will vote in the presidential election ? ( 2 ) you will vote for Clinton , Trump , or someone else ? and ( 3 ) Clinton Clinton Trump Trump someone else will win ? Tuesday ’s poll had 2 , 665 respondents . Trump Trump lead in the poll has been 7 . 3 points , recorded on July 28 during the height of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia . From there , Trump fell Trump for over two weeks , hitting a low of 41 . 6 % as Clinton hit a high of 46 . 3 % on Aug. 14 . The poll results narrowed after that , but the results for the past two days show an unusually large shift in Trump ’s Trump The improvement in Trump ’s numbers Trump weekend in which Clinton referred to half Clinton Trump ’s supporters as Trump basket of deplorables , " and appeared to collapse at the    Memorial in New York City , raising serious concerns about her health . Joel B. Clinton is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new book , See Joel B. Pollak Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak Joel B. Pollak 
 