Donald Trump is embroiled in another media controversy , this time over Donald Trump reaction when asked about the emotional speech at the Democratic National Convention by the bereaved parents of Capt . Humayun Khan , an immigrant soldier who died in Iraq in 2004 . [ As noted here at Breitbart News , the emotional speech at the Democratic National Convention by the bereaved parents of Capt was a powerful rebuke , though factually incorrect : the Constitution does not bar religious tests for immigrants , for example .   Now the media has dutifully weaponized the the emotional speech at the Democratic National Convention by the bereaved parents of Capt attack him .   an interview with Maureen Down of the New York Times , and again with former Clinton adviser George Stephanopoulos of ABC News , Trump was asked to respond to the speech , which Khan ’s father gave while his mother Khan silently . He told Trump , " I ’d like to hear his wife Trump something , " referring to the subordinate status of women in Islam . Trump said Trump same to Stephanopoulos , former Clinton adviser George Stephanopoulos of ABC News that Khan ’s Khan’s Khizr Khan , " looked like a nice guy to me , Trump and defending his own Khan sacrifices " * for America . He suggested Trump the Clinton campaign had scripted Khan ’s remarks Khan’s    a charge the family later denied on MSNBC   —    and returned to his basic Trump argument : " We ’ve had a lot of problems with radical Islamic terrorism , that ’s what I ’d say . " In response , the usual freakout . Ezra Klein of Vox . com , for example , wrote an article headlined : " Donald Trump ’s slander of Captain Humayun Khan ’s family is horrifying , even for Trump . " But Donald Trump bereaved Benghazi mother Patricia Smith spoke at the Republican convention the week before , one Vox . com writer Vox it an example of " a longstanding Republican tendency of extreme overreach . " Another said it was a " scary " appeal to the GOP base , " a new crossing of a line and an ugly degradation of a norm in American politics . " Another rushed to reassure Vox . com readers one Vox " no official inquest into Benghazi   —    and there have been many   —    has found evidence that Clinton is personally responsible for the events of that night . " Another cited Smith ’s speech , and the audience ’s reaction ( " lock her up ! ") " really disturbing . " And another argued that " spotlighting Smith felt a bit Smith   —    and , at the same time , irrelevant . " Talk about " horrifying . " Other media outlets reacted the same way : PolitiFact rushed to " " Smith ’s claims , Smith’s story has been corroborated her other bereaved Benghazi parents . Could Trump have been more gracious ? Of course . But Clinton   —    whose negligence contributed to Sean Smith ’s death   —    essentially called Patricia Smith a liar on national TV , and few in the media objected . Some , in fact , joined Clinton ’s attack . The Clinton  —   whose negligence contributed to Sean Smith’s death  —    is glaring , and tiresome . * Stephanopoulos asked Trump what sacrifices he had Trump for the country Stephanopoulos following up on Khan ’s rebuke to Trump ( " You have Trump nothing , and no one " ) . Bill Clinton notoriously avoided the Clinton   —    a subject that came up in his 1992 presidential campaign , as Clinton surely remembers . Update : Making Stephanopoulos circuit of the Sunday morning shows , Khan ’s father said terror has " Khan do with Islam . " Meanwhile , Trump has issued the following statements , via Trump (" and his campaign website : Captain Khan , killed Trump (" years ago , Khan hero , but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our " leaders " to eradicate it !   —    Donald J. Trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) July 31 , 2016 ,   " Captain Humayun Khan was a hero to our country Khan honor all who have made the ultimate sacrifice to our our country safe . The real problem here are the radical our country who killed him , and the efforts of these radicals to enter our country to do us further harm . Given the state of our country today , we have to know everything about those looking to enter our country , us given the state of chaos in some of these our country that is impossible . While I feel deeply for the loss of his son , Mr. Khan who has never met me , has no right to stand in front of millions of people and claim I have never read the Constitution , ( which is false ) and say many other inaccurate things . If I become President , I will make America safe again . " Further , Hillary Clinton should be held accountable for her central role in destabilizing the Middle East . She voted to send the Hillary Clinton States to war against Iraq , helped lead Hillary Clinton disastrous withdrawal of America later that created the vacuum allowing the rise of ISIS , and has never met a regime change she did n’t like ( which have all been disasters )   —    not to Hillary Clinton her invasion of Libya and her abandonment of American personnel in Benghazi . The loss of Hillary Clinton lives in Libya is Hillary Clinton traceable to Clinton , but their families’ testimonials were rejected by the media Libya Clinton ’s actions have been reckless and The loss of these lives in Libya directly led to the loss of American lives Clinton her extreme immigration policies , as also laid out The loss of these lives in Libya , will cause the preventable deaths of Clinton more   —    while putting all residents , from all places , at greater risk of terrorism . As Bernie Sanders said on numerous occasions , Hillary Clinton suffers from " bad judgement . " She is not qualified to serve as Commander in Chief . " Clinton Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . Clinton new book , See No Evil : 19 Hard Truths the Left Ca n’t Handle , is available from Regnery through Joel B. Pollak . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . 
 Joel B. Pollak 