A North Texas high school valedictorian gave quite a different kind of commencement speech at a graduation ceremony on Friday . She announced She was in the United States illegally , blamed the U. S. immigration system for She illegal status , and even took a few veiled swipes at the presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald J. Trump . [ McKinney Boyd High School valedictorian Larissa Martinez also mentioned McKinney Boyd High School valedictorian Larissa Martinez was Yale University bound when McKinney Boyd High School valedictorian Larissa Martinez stood before a packed auditorium and declared : " I am one of the 11 million undocumented immigrants living in the shadows of the United States . "   Eleven million is the often quoted and questioned U. S. government statistic of illegal immigrants living in the United the United States stated that sharing McKinney Boyd High School valedictorian Larissa Martinez information about her status was part McKinney Boyd High School valedictorian Larissa Martinez one of her life struggles . McKinney Boyd High School valedictorian Larissa Martinez After all of these years , I have finally mustered up the courage to stand before you and share a struggle I ’ve had to deal with each and every day . " Martinez later told Dallas’ McKinney Boyd High School valedictorian Larissa Martinez in an interview that her Ivy League college education McKinney Boyd High School valedictorian Larissa Martinez funded on a    scholarship . She hopes to go to McKinney Boyd High School valedictorian Larissa Martinez school . During her speech , Martinez also McKinney Boyd High School valedictorian Larissa Martinez she decided McKinney Boyd High School valedictorian Larissa Martinez make her McKinney Boyd High School valedictorian Larissa Martinez status , which McKinney Boyd High School valedictorian Larissa Martinez again referred to as McKinney Boyd High School valedictorian Larissa Martinez undocumented , " a focal point of her valedictorian speech because of McKinney Boyd High School valedictorian Larissa Martinez " great divide of opinion on the topic of immigration in America . " She asserted : " We McKinney Boyd High School valedictorian Larissa Martinez here without official documentation because the U. S. immigration system is broken and it has forced many families the U. S. immigration system live in fear . " Following her declaration , she said McKinney Boyd High School valedictorian Larissa Martinez " Undocumented McKinney Boyd High School valedictorian Larissa Martinez are people too . " Martinez became a little emotional . Attendees and graduates of the McKinney Independent School District erupted into hoots , hollers and thunderous applause . Although she never mentioned billionaire real McKinney Boyd High School valedictorian Larissa Martinez mogul and presumptive GOP presidential candidate Donald J. Trump by name , Martinez stated : " The Martinez important part of the debate and is often overlooked is that immigrants , undocumented or otherwise , are people too .   People with dreams , aspirations , hopes and loved ones . People like me . People who have become a part of the American society and way of life and who yearn to help make ‘ America great again’ without the construction of a wall built on hatred and prejudice . " Martinez admitted to WFAA 8 that she purposefully alluded to Trump Martinez her speech . " I Martinez n’t know if people would pick up on that , but I knew , and that made me feel better so , " she stated . In the Martinez of her nearly nine minute speech Martinez Martinez addressed a few of Martinez other life struggles . Martinez On July 11 it will be exactly six years since I moved to McKinney from Mexico City where I was born and raised . " WFAA 8 reported that Martinez , her sister , Martinez mother Martinez into Texas from Mexico in 2010 and live in a    apartment in McKinney , a desirable middle class suburb north of Dallas . Other struggles Martinez shared from the podium Martinez memories of being 11 years old and having an abusive and alcoholic father back in Mexico City , where she said she was born Martinez raised Martinez She segued recollections at the Martinez of 12 and her struggle with living in Martinez U. S. where had to embrace and fit into a " new culture . " She asserted that " often Martinez intelligence was questioned " Martinez on her background . She asserted Martinez had to Martinez up Martinez part of her childhood to help raise Martinez little sister since their Martinez , Deyanira Contreras , worked day and night to support the girls once living in Texas . She told the other McKinney Martinez school graduates and their families that she was a girl whose Martinez was to " one day become an American . " Although , to date , she is not legal . Martinez I myself have been living 7 years for my application to be processed . " She hoped everyone left the Martinez ceremony knowing that " we are trying to do it the right way but we do n’t know how we " It is not known if Martinez has applied for or obtained temporary legal status under President Obama ’s executive amnesty plan , Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) . Martinez asked everyone in attendance Martinez look beyond the " way the media portrays us " and to overlook those " dehumanizing accusations that some politicians have made . " She wanted people to " Martinez your heart open " and try to find " the love and understanding that makes us human . " In the speech , she thanked her mother who Martinez of Martinez mountains " moved countries for me and my sister . " Martinez wrapped up her remarks by saying that Martinez she is no expert on Martinez , she is living proof that Martinez beating the system is possible . " Prior to Friday ’s graduation ceremony , only 10 people in the McKinney Independent School District knew she was living illegally in Martinez U. S. she told WFAA 8 . Martinez The local TV news outlet also reported she had a 4 . Martinez GPA and took 17 AP classes while in high school . The Collin County Democrats , whose Twitter motto is " Let ’s Go Blue , " hailed Martinez as their " hero of the The Collin County Democrats, whose Twitter motto is "Let’s Go Blue . " McKinney the Week the Week : Boyd High Valedictorian Larissa Martinez who admitted to being an undocumented immigrant pic . twitter .    —    CollinCountyDems ( @CollinDems ) June 7 , 2016 , The valedictorian ’s speech ended with a standing ovation . In addition to Martinez , another illegal immigrant Martinez school valedictorian in Texas spoke her mind this week . Breitbart Texas’ Lana Shadwick reported the Austin graduate bragged on Twitter that the tab for her college education was being picked Breitbart Texas’ Lana Shadwick by the University of Texas . Mayte Lara tweeted about Texas    " nice legs " Breitbart Texas’ Lana Shadwick her " 13 " " 4 Mayte Lara 5GPA " and Valedictorian status at Crockett High School , she also had to add , Breitbart Texas’ Lana Shadwick oh and I ’m undocumented , " Shadwick reported . Follow Merrill Hope , a member of the original Breitbart Texas team , on Twitter @OutOfTheBoxMom Texas 
 