Victimhood is profitable . On the internet , it can get you thousands of dollars in crowdfunding donations . In the media , it can win you national prominence and a cooing audience of credulous sycophants . On campus , it can get you attention and plaudits from fellow   . [ Convince enough people you ’re a victim , and everyone from presidential candidates to celebrities will come rushing to support you .   So it ’s little wonder that charlatans and opportunists regularly seek to take advantage of our species’ natural instinct for empathy . False flags , in which people deliberately stage attacks on people to win the support of society , are as old as history itself . That is n’t an exaggeration , by the way . people ’re really as old as history itself . The ancient Greek historian Herodotus once recalled how Peisistratos , a man who would become the dictator of Athens , staged a fake attack on himself to gain the support of the city : Wounding himself and himself mules , himself drove himself wagon into the marketplace , with a story that himself had escaped from himself enemies , who would have killed himself ( so himself said ) as himself was driving into the country . So himself implored the people to give himself a guard . Taken in , the people gave himself a guard of chosen citizens    …      These rose with Peisistratos and took the Acropolis and Peisistratos ruled Peisistratos Athenians .   Faking assassination attempts are risky these days , and the benefits are questionable . A failed murder attempt might make the local news , but unless you ’re already a celebrity or a politician , there is n’t much to be gained . Claim to be a victim of a hate crime , though , and half of today ’s      society will run to your doorstep to offer its support society That ’s assuming you get away with it , of course . The typical victim hoax is so clumsily implemented that it is The typical victim hoax believable to those that are well trained to embrace their victimhood those that are well trained to embrace their victimhood status and, as is also necessary and , as is also necessary , suspend their critical those that are well trained to embrace their victimhood status and, as is also necessary . That ’s why they do those that are well trained to embrace their victimhood status and, as is also necessary work so well on conservatives , who are more sceptical of such claims . Think of Rafael Edward " Ted " Cruz blaming Roger Stone and the Trump campaign for the " sex scandal " story , when it was sex scandal known that Little Marco ’s people were the ones shopping the story . Victimhood is n’t just used to push agendas and win power . It can also be used to make money . Professional victims like feminist pest Anita Sarkeesian have received thousands of dollars in donations after complaints about unkind words on the internet . Little wonder that there ’s been such an epidemic of hate crime hoaxes in the past few years , particularly among regressive activists on university campuses . We ’ve seen students scrawl swastikas on the doors of their own dorm rooms , send themselves anonymous their threats , and falsely accuse fraternities of   . So severe is the problem , lawyer and author Mike Cernovich has taken it upon the problem, lawyer and author Mike Cernovich to lawyer and author Mike Cernovich a guide on how to recognise common patterns in these hoaxes . This got Breitbart thinking . How many hate crime hoaxes have occurred in , say , the past decade ? Progressives seem to get busted every other month , but surely that ’s just our own biased impression . When we started our search our we were our to find twenty , perhaps forty examples from the past decade of    hate crimes that turned out to be frauds . If only . We found our a hundred , spread across race , gender , sexuality and religion . Perhaps thanks to the effect of social media and    sleuthing , reports of    hoaxes undergo a massive surge in the years after 2011 . 2015 seems to have been a high point   —    our search found over 20 incidents in that year alone . Then again , we ’re our a quarter of the way through 2016 . There have already been four major hate crime hoaxes this year that year alone consider this : those are just the ones that were reported . How many other hate crime hoaxers are still out there , undiscovered and unpunished ? It ’s impossible How many other hate crime hoaxers say , but given human empathy ’s tendency to override scepticism , we suspect the number is high   —    and probably rising . Because the left is the Left of real haters . As   British journalist Douglas Murray likes to say , the Left has a     problem with bigotry . There simply is n’t enough of it to go around the Left so reporters have to go " rape shopping " like Sabrina Erdely did for Rolling Stone , or they have to enlarge Sabrina Erdely did for Rolling Stone definitions of " racism " and " homophobia " to include minuscule perceived infractions , called " microaggressions . " If you live in an Anglosphere nation , you are living in one of the most tolerant , peaceful societies in recorded history . Attitudes towards women ’s rights , gay rights , and the rights of other races have never been more progressive . Among Millennials , attitudes to abortion , gay marriage , and other social issues are vastly more liberal than their parents . If attitudes to abortion, gay marriage, and other social issues is any guide , the next generation is likely to be even more socially liberal . With the Left reduced to chasing imaginary microaggressions and    owners who ’d rather not cater lesbian weddings , it ’s little wonder that they have to turn to hoaxes to convince the public that bigotry is still alive and well . It will do them no good . they the scaremongering , bigotry in western nations is in terminal decline . Soon , only the hoaxes will remain . We ca n’t be far off from social justice education at top universities including courses on effective victim hoaxing . This may seem incredibly brazen to those of us with a modicum of integrity , but it is n’t a This step from where we are today . us all , we already have courses us do little more than teach students that straight white males are the devil and which peddle outright conspiracy theories such as the " patriarchy " and " systematic oppression . " On the bright side , candidates for the PhD in SJW Hoax Studies may be hired by the CIA for false flag operations abroad , marking the first time a graduate of a    course has been hired anywhere outside of academia , diversity offices and McDonalds . Interestingly , false flag hoaxes in the West almost exclusively use white males at the hoax ’s target . Why not use Militant Islam which is a much more believable aggressor ? I guess one explanation is that it ’s hard to fake chopping your head off , or having you and your loved ones blown to bits , when you can , as a Tennessee lesbian couple famously did , burn your own house down after scrawling QUEERS on the front wall to collect the insurance money . The media , and society as a whole , needs to become less gullible . Activists ought to give the police at least a week to determine the culprit before leaping to Twitter to coin the next hip protest hashtag . Journalists should let the police investigate before the police , sympathetic stories about what the " hate crimes " say about our allegedly bigoted society . Because , in reality , there ’s only one thing that these hoaxes say about our society : that we our allegedly bigoted society mugs . Especially white people , who typically serve as the villains in these hoaxes and beat themselves up these hoaxes one of these Especially white people, who typically serve as the villains in these hoaxes and beat themselves up every time one of these nasty progressive liars dreams up a poop swastika progressive liars dreams up a poop swastika . 2007 , 2008 , 2009 , 2010 , 2011 , 2012 , 2013 , 2014 , 2015 , 2016 , Follow Milo Yiannopoulos ( @Nero ) on Twitter and Facebook . Android users can download Milo Alert ! to be notified about new articles when they are published . Hear him every Android users on The Milo Yiannopoulos Milo Alert . Write to Milo at milo@breitbart . com . 
 