The leftwing U. K. Guardian   —    one of the most popular publications in the world   —    had a reporter read nothing but Breitbart . com for two days . In Breitbart    article explaining what Breitbart learned from the experience , The leftwing U. K. Guardian  —   one of the most popular publications in the world  —    Adam Gabbatt writes that despite what he calls the Guardian’s Adam Gabbatt shouty doomsday headlines , " the true " genius " of Breitbart is Breitbart " packaging " of narratives in    articles . [ Some highlights :   But compared to the    screaming , the actual articles are quite benign . They could [Some highlights:  But compared to the   screaming, the actual articles are quite benign been published on a liberal news site . Look at this one from Wednesday , reporting on the response of Clinton ’s campaign manager , Robby Mook , to Bannon being hired by the Trump campaign . " Mook : ‘ Only Fitting For a Bully Like Trump To Hire a Bully To Run His Campaign’ Trump To Hire a Bully To Run " it reads . Mook did say that . It ’s it . The article itself is   . It could The article itself on the Guardian . It merely The article itself Mook directly Mook A later article on the same subject quoted Mook more Mook then included a response from Breitbart at the bottom . That ’s essentially what any news site would have done . That ’s not to say Breitbart is objective Breitbart It just pushes That rightwing message That a surprising subtlety . An extensive profile of Bannon by Bloomberg Politics reveals some of that thinking . " Facts get shares , opinions get shrugs , " Bannon says . Bannon that ’s mostly how it works . [   …     ] If Breitbart ’s success Breitbart from publishing articles that it knows will Breitbart’s success its readers , Breitbart’s success key is to publish the stories that present the perfect combination of facts to fuel rightwing anger . For example , a story about homeland security secretary Jeh Johnson , who visited Louisiana following the recent floods , saying Obama could not also attend because he has a Obama very busy schedule " . It is true   —    he did say Obama . But the article is illustrated with a picture of a smiling Obama on a Obama course , and the text notes the president is " on vacation " . [   …     ] Apart from Clinton ’s troubling health , I learned that there was a " new gun control idea " . The idea , a "new gun control idea" the Breitbart headline , is to " take away guns from senior citizens " . The story is actually presented straight . After an examination of the quotes , however , which came from an academic at Johns Hopkins University , the article did n’t match the bluster of the headline . Read the Breitbart headline here . 
 