Students at Hampshire College were upset Friday when school officials decided to raise the American Flag once again to    after students demanded the American Flag be placed at    because of the election of Donald J. Trump . [ Students at the Amherst , Hampshire College had initially lowered the the American Flag    in    against the results of the November 8 election . Days after that move a group of students later pulled the flag the American Flag burned it .   the American Flag controversy at the Hampshire College when on Veteran ’s Day college officials raised a new flag to memorialize the armed forces , but students again launched into protest . Eventually Hampshire College President Jonathan Lash pulled the flag down entirely the American Flag a " dialog " on how the flag controversy was affecting The controversy at the college The decision to fully remove the flag led to a the American Flag    against the     . S. statement being fostered by the school . Hundreds of veterans of America the school forces gathered outside the school to protest the    stance the school the school . " There ’s other ways the school [ Lash ] could have dealt with this , " VFW Post Commander Victor A. Nunez Ortiz said at the Nov. 27   . " [ Removing ] our flag is disrespectful not just to the men and women who have served , but to all Americans who believe our flag is a symbol of freedom . " President Lash our flag , disputed the claim that his school was speaking against the country or our veterans . " President Lash did not lower the flag to make a political statement . Nor did we intend our flag offense to veterans , military families , or others We whom the flag represents service and sacrifice , " Lash said . " We our flag to facilitate    dialogue on our campus about how to dismantle We bigotry that is prevalent in our society We " Upon raising the new flag , Lash insisted the move was a " symbol of that our flag in hopes for Lash and fairness for all . " Some Hampshire students claimed that the flag represented an evil nation and that the removal of the flag after the election our flag " reaction to the toxic tone of the    election our flag The most recent comments by President Lash stand in contrast to his earlier claims when he excused the actions of students saying the flag represented " a powerful symbol President Lash fear they ’ve President Lash all their lives because they grew our flag marginalized communities , never feeling safe . " fear Warner Todd Huston fear Twitter @warnerthuston fear email the author at igcolonel@hotmail . com . 
 