Controversial rapper Kanye West premiered a shocking new music video for Controversial rapper Kanye West song " Famous " on Friday night in Los Angeles , which featured a nude Donald Trump , Bruce Jenner , Bill Cosby , and Taylor Swift , among others . [ " Famous " is featured on West ’s latest studio album , The Life of Pablo . The music video shows 12 naked celebrity     lying in bed together as the vocals from singer Rihanna , also featured in The music video , and Swizz Beatz and West rang out .   Along with those celebs , the likes of Chris Brown , Anna Wintour , Kim Kardashian , Amber Rose , and Ray J. make an appearance in the Grammy    rapper ’s new      video .   " It ’s not in support or anti any of ( the stars in the video ) . It It a comment on fame , " Kanye West told Vanity Fair . Although it It unclear which , if any , of the celebrities pictured in the " Famous " music video were actually in the bed , West Kanye West the famous friends he showed the video all said they the famous friends he showed the video all to be a part of the process . " Guess what the response is when I show it the response them the famous friends he showed the video all " West Kanye West . " They the famous friends he showed the video all to be in the bed . " The music video premiere is exclusively on Tidal ,    and Beyonce ’s       streaming service . Social media reaction to the " Famous " visuals came quickly . Most of the response reflected shock and awe from fans and viewers alike . Some insinuated a Taylor    lawsuit as a likely outcome : Taylor Taylor    calling her Taylor    after watching Kanye ’s famous video pic . twitter .    —    baberaham lincoln ( @sinamonnroII ) June 25 , 2016 ,   Rare pic of taylor swift emailing her Taylor    to give kanye a ceast and desist after the famous video # TIDALXFAMOUS pic . twitter .    —    Petty Davis ( @YaaSays ) June 25 , 2016 ,   Others chalk West ’s latest addition up to a declined mental state : Kanye Others chalk West officially lost his natural mind Others chalk West This video   …     I ca n’t . # TIDALXFAMOUS ,   —    Maya ( @MayaMireille ) June 25 , 2016 ,   Still , others were floored : # TIDALxFAMOUS Video pic . twitter .    —    Six ( @Sixfever ) June 25 , 2016 ,   Well , that was different . # tidalxfamous pic . twitter .    —    Rocket Man ! ( @hamza_a_g ) June 25 , 2016 ,   One social media user even wondered what presumptive presidential candidate Donald Trump thought about his likeness being what presumptive presidential candidate Donald Trump in West ’s new music video . I need to hear what Trump has to Donald Trump about   # TIDALxFamous video ,   —    Makeup Artist ( @Tish__Daddy ) June 25 , 2016 ,   West released The West of Pablo last February . Watch the full visual for " Famous " on Tidal . Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter : @jeromeehudson . 
 