Facebook employees rallied the company ’s CEO Mark Zuckerberg and even threatened to quit Facebook over some of Donald Trump ’s postings , which they Facebook employees violated the site ’s policy on hate speech and community rules , a report from The Wall Street Journal has revealed . [ The posts in question related to Donald Donald Trump comments about a proposed ban on Muslim immigration to the U. S. which they Facebook employees violated the site the site’s , arguing the company had double standards in relation to Trump . Donald Trump The argument went all the way up to Facebook ’s senior management , with Mark Zuckerberg ruling that the company would not the company content , prompting furious internal exchanges and leading to their community standards team threatening to quit . Zuckerberg later told a Muslim Mark Zuckerberg at a town hall meeting that he believed Trump ’s comments Mark Zuckerberg constitute hate speech , " but said the implications of removing them were too drastic , " according to people who attended the meeting . Meanwhile , a town hall meeting , the company ’s head of global policy management , told employees the company would n’t take Mark Zuckerberg of Trump ’s postings because of its obligation Trump be impartial during election Trump . A Facebook spokeswoman told The Wall Street Journal that the company now considers the context Mark Zuckerberg discourse in which the post is set , adding that " many people are voicing opinions about this particular content and it has become an important part of the the post around who the next U. S. president will be . " Facebook and Mark Zuckerberg have come under considerable Facebook over the past year after a series of incidents suggesting the site is willing to suppress conservative dissidents . In January , Zuckerberg agreed to German chancellor Angela Merkel ’s Mark Zuckerberg to " crack down " on people expressing dissatisfaction with her policy of mass Muslim migration . There Angela Merkel also reports that Facebook had been suppressing conservative media such as Breitbart from the site ’s ‘ Trending Topics’ section , whilst amplifying the relevance of news surrounding movements such as Black Lives Matter . You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook , on Twitter at @ben_kew , or Facebook him at bkew@breitbart . com 
 Ben Kew 