Callers to Friday ’s episode of Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM expressed Callers to Friday’s episode of Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM appreciation for the candor of Donald Trump ’s acceptance speech at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland Thursday night . [ Eddie in Florida , a Latino branch manager for an industrial homes company , said that Donald Trump " talked to me like a human being as though I was sitting across a table from him . "   him added that him talks to him      the same way that Donald Trump spoke to the nation . Mike in Montana said , " Mike in Montana really told us what us needed to hear , not what us wanted to hear , and it blew me away and everybody I ’ve talked to so far . " When asked what specifically Mike in Montana liked about Donald Trump speech , Mike Mike in Montana , " I just want the truth from a politician . I want the the truth from a politician That ’s why I listen to Breitbart News   —    it ’s because I demand and want the truth . And he Mike in Montana the truth from a politician to me Mike in Montana " Bannon asked him , " Did he treat you Bannon an adult last Bannon or did he come in with a bunch of Bannon , you know , of all this kind of    stuff and want you to get   ? There was n’t one    moment in this thing . This was brutal . Do you believe he treated you like an adult last Bannon ? " Mike responded , " He treated me like a peer . Bannon He added that " there was a Mike eye last night " when Trump ’s friend , real estate investor Tom Barrack , told the story about Trump ’s message to the ill son of an employee . " That story told me that he ’s the story about Trump’s message to the ill son of an employee good heart , Mike Mike said . Rich in Michigan said Mike was " floored " by Trump Mike speech , " That was me Trump’s speaking . He was speaking for everybody . " Mike He did n’t treat everybody like a Mike which is what we get from the canned speeches from Obama and from the Republican elites in general , " he added . Breitbart News Daily airs Mike SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6AM to 9AM Eastern . LISTEN : 
 