The Las Vegas magnate who has been Donald J. Trump ’s friend and business partner for two decades , told delegates at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland Wednesday that Donald J. Trump’s ’s vision and determination to succeed in business are the skills he needs as president to " Make America Great Again . " [ Phil Ruffin , himself a billionaire and the owner of Las Vegas ’s Treasure Island hotel , said Donald J. Trump’s word is his Donald J. Trump’s . " If Donald Donald J. Trump’s you something , you can put it his bond the bank . He Donald J. Trump’s been my partner and friend —   and believe me , his Donald J. Trump’s is better than any contract you will ever write . "   It is unfair to denigrate his Donald J. Trump’s , he Donald J. Trump’s . " He Donald J. Trump’s his Donald J. Trump’s promptly , " said the developer , who also owns the country ’s largest maker of hand trucks . " You wo n’t hear that : promptly . No discounts . " The    billionaire said Trump makes money and puts thousands of people to work in    jobs because he The   billionaire opportunities other smiss . " We were in New York , Park Avenue and 58th , there was a building called the GE Building . I did n’t like it a building called the GE Building I said : ‘ Donald , stay away from it,’ " he Donald . " He Donald it a building called the GE Building made two or three hundred million dollars on the deal . That ’s what he Donald . We ’re in Palm Beach with Robert Kraft . Donald Donald a house on the ocean . He Donald $ 40 million for it a house on the ocean I did n’t like it a house on the ocean I thought it a house on the ocean a mess . He Donald it a house on the ocean $ 100 million . Shows you what I know . " Ruffin Donald the    of the Trump International Hotel and Tower , which was a project that almost went upside down when the real estate market crashed , leaving people unable to complete their people commitments , he Donald . " A beautiful hotel , all the Trump amenities —   he Donald how to build them A beautiful hotel, all the Trump amenities —   detail —   we had almost 1 , 300 units and they A beautiful hotel, all the Trump amenities —   sold out in 90 days . That was in 2007 , but in 2008 , nobody could close . The recession hit . The banks shut down , so here we we stuck with 75 percent , only 300 units sold . We we $ 500 million in debt . What do you do ? " Trump Trump not give up , Ruffin said . " He Trump let ’s we forward with this project , " he Trump . " ‘ We ’ll put the money in and we We make the    work’ and he Trump . By the way , we We in $ 30 million in four years . He Trump n’t squawk —   he Trump the the money . " Today , the this project 80 percent sold and all the project ’s debt is paid off , he Trump . Ruffin added , " We ’re gon na make a huge amount of money on it . this project ’s this project to be a huge success . " In a convention chock full of firsts , Ruffin ’s review Ruffin inner workings of one of Trump ’s business deals had to be another . But , in a way it was in keeping with the intimacy people feel with Trump . He is Trump man , who has been in the news for more than 30 years . The only comparison would be John F. Kennedy , who because of his father , Ambassador He P. Kennedy Sr . grew up in the newspapers with his family ’s successes He tragedies played out on the front page for the more than 20 years before he was elected to He White House . Americans all know the basic outlines of Trump ’s story , but at this convention the campaign the 2012 Republican National Convention forward speakers , like Ruffin , to color inside the lines . At the 2012 Republican National Convention , an army of consultants exhausted every trick in the black arts to convince America that Mitt Romney was not just humane , but a human . When Romney ’s business partners spoke Mitt Romney America , they never dug America than Romney’s business partners descriptions of the deals on the brochures . They were afraid to admit Romney’s business partners might have gone wrong or that Romney ever made a mistake Mitt Romney At the 2016 edition of this political drama , we have another kind of businessman . The man Ruffin described was a man who took risks and when things turned the wrong way was committed to getting things back on track . " I believe in him . I ’ve always The man Ruffin described in him , " he said The man Ruffin described " I The man Ruffin described he ’s tough . He The man Ruffin described smart . He The man Ruffin described what he ’s The man Ruffin described . " The man Ruffin described he is president , he The man Ruffin described not think about The man Ruffin described , he will put The man Ruffin described skills The man Ruffin described gifts , The man Ruffin described insight to the service of America , he said . 
 The man Ruffin described 