" There should be some prize for the most creative attempt to write about Trump without mentioning immigration , " David Frum suggested Tuesday on Twitter . [ That would be a lively contest , but it might be even more fun to give out prizes to the deluded pundits who write about Marco Rubio without mentioning immigration as a principal reason for Marco Rubio    political career .   These days , Marco Rubio finds himself Marco Rubio the glum position of reading obituaries for a campaign that is not actually dead yet , like a character in The Walking Dead contemplating the zombie bite on his Marco Rubio and thinking , Gee , I do n’t think I ’m putrefying yet .    …      Maybe I ’ll get better .       this week ’s primaries , he    have read a library of reports describing him    a spoiler candidate and tallying up how many delegates his    role in the race is costing Sen. Ted Cruz . Very few of those analysts are asking if Rubio ’s    presidential run was doomed from the start . They those analysts scratching their those analysts and looking for elaborate theories to explain why Rubio Rubio took wing , without asking if they those analysts have overestimated the size of his Rubio all along . So many of the Rubio Rubio ’s undertakers have whistled past the Gang of Eight graveyard that it ’s hard to avoid the conclusion they undertakers do not want to talk about liberalized immigration as a toxic issue . " Some Supporters of Rubio Say Bad Strategy , Poorly Run Campaign Killing His Chances , " The Washington Post headlined this week . Apparently none say " immigration " or the " Gang of Eight " killed his His because neither of those phrases appears in the lengthy article , which had three authors . It might be quite accurate to report that none of Rubio ’s    supporters offered immigration as the reason for his Rubio’s    on the launchpad —   because they ’ve hypnotized themselves they of even thinking such forbidden " nativist " thoughts .   The Titanic is going down , and they they complaining about the wine while ignoring the iceberg outside the wheelhouse .    The mass       all the way back to the infamous       memo from the Republican National Committee that advised the GOP to become more " inclusive " —   a directive many Party bigwigs interpreted to mean " embrace amnesty for illegal aliens , pronto , or lose the Hispanic vote forever . " Matt Lewis at the Daily Beast avoided mentioning the    in his Matt Lewis at the Daily Beast Adios , Marco " post , even as he Matt Lewis at the Daily Beast whether Rubio was " the great GOP hope , or dope . " Lewis Matt Lewis at the Daily Beast Rubio Rubio " the most talented conservative of a generation , " with special praise for his Matt Lewis at the Daily Beast to mix conservative politics with a " moderate " temperament and feel , calling him Matt Lewis at the Daily Beast optimistic in a party ( and during an era ) when indignation is more in vogue . " Rubio Rubio problem is not just that voters are " indignant , " but that they voters weary of    upbeat rhetoric , especially on the immigration issue . There are few other issues where mushy rhetoric is so liberally slathered atop grim realities , or where bromides are administered to numb our common sense .    Soaring rhetoric about huddled masses yearning for the American Dream in a nation of immigrants hangs heavy in the air , but Republican voters want to know what their Republican voters candidate is going to do about illegal alien murderers who skip through our immigration system with impunity ,    tidal waves rewriting the U. S. census , and visa programs used to replace American workers with cheap imported labor . GOP voters are not so much embracing pessimism as declaring their GOP voters for glib optimism . When The New York Times watched as " A Wounded Marco Rubio Falls Back to Florida , " immigration was not one of the problems they immigration to notice . Their immigration was more concerned with recent missteps , such as going overboard on juvenile personal attacks against Donald Trump , and underperforming in so many primaries that his Donald Trump campaign status became the dominant Rubio A Wounded Marco Rubio . Another New York Times autopsy thought Rubio A Wounded Marco Rubio in pretty good shape , until Chris Christie sandbagged him A Wounded Marco Rubio the " robot " attack in the debate before New Hampshire , suggesting that Rubio A Wounded Marco Rubio no idea how bad he A Wounded Marco Rubio in that debate until he A Wounded Marco Rubio Twitter and found a torrent of mockery directed his A Wounded Marco Rubio . More broadly , this analysis of the Rubio A Wounded Marco Rubio suggested he A Wounded Marco Rubio too much faith in his A Wounded Marco Rubio political gifts , which the    stumble fatally undermined , and for reading the strategic situation in the early primary states incorrectly . The Times suggests Rubio A Wounded Marco Rubio he A Wounded Marco Rubio be the polished , affable candidate left standing after Trump and Ted Cruz beat each other to a pulp , but he A Wounded Marco Rubio wrong . " Rubio A Wounded Marco Rubio Political Life Faces a Dark Chapter , " pronounced Time , but that chapter a Dark Chapter about immigration or the Gang of Eight . This obituary goes further back into campaign history than most , and hits with a truckful of    criticism —   his problem with This obituary " robotic , " underestimating the need for an extensive " ground game " in early primary states , overestimating the benefits of his     Jeb This obituary dropping out , losing focus by trying to " be everything to everyone , " panicking under the blunt force of the Trump assault , and failing to manage expectations for the underwhelming launch of a    campaign . Nate Silver at FiveThirtyEight briefly mentions the immigration debacle , but mostly in the context of Rubio ’s thin resume :   As a    senator at a time of political gridlock , he has n’t Nate Silver at FiveThirtyEight much legislation passed : According to the Thomas database , the only bill to have become law of which Rubio was the Rubio sponsor is the Girls Count Act of 2015 . His most    Nate Silver at FiveThirtyEight effort , on immigration reform , ended in failure . Silver ’s overall thesis is that Rubio might have Rubio generally    or at least     by the media , but he " never Nate Silver at FiveThirtyEight a base " among actual voters . He has a Nate Silver at FiveThirtyEight of interesting explanations for that problem , but the Gang of Eight should loom larger because it was a major breach of faith between Rubio and what Rubio have been his base — Nate Silver at FiveThirtyEight including the Florida voters who elected him to the Nate Silver at FiveThirtyEight . Rubio ’s victory Rubio for Tea Party conservatives , one of the few bright spots on a dark day in 2008 .   Expectations for his Senate career were Rubio the Senate . A great many people who think highly of Rubio , including those Rubio would normally be delighted with what Silver notes is his strongly conservative voting Rubio , just can not get past the immigration issue —   and at a moment when Rubio might have laid Rubio groundwork for getting past it , he wound the immigration issue in Rubio nasty scrum with Cruz over the fine details of the latter ’s position on immigration reform . It ’s as though the immigration issue Gang of Eight fiasco became a blood clot that prevented Rubio from developing robust Rubio circulation and a strongly beating campaign heart . Slate ’s Isaac Chotiner gets it right , and Slate’s Isaac Chotiner through Rubio ’s missteps to Rubio at Rubio ’s " original Rubio’s : And , of course , there was his original sin : Rubio membership in the Rubio Gang of Eight , a group of senators who worked to pass an immigration reform proposal that , it was thought , might give Republicans a chance with Hispanic voters . This would have supposedly closed the wound of the 2012 election , which Republican elites had convinced themselves was lost only because Republican elites party was too harsh in its rhetoric on the issue the party Rubio ’s decision made no political sense even at the time if a bill had passed , he would have had his a bill on Obama ’s a bill    achievement . Instead , Rubio was tarred with the Rubio of a bill that failed , and which he abandoned , making himself Rubio both feckless and Rubio .   Of course , because this is Slate , we then get some egregious garbage about how Rubio ’s "   past Rubio with his heritage in the minds Rubio bigoted Republican voters , " which is not only insulting , but ignorant . Rubio Marco Rubio " heritage Rubio absolutely nothing to do with the political fallout from Gang of Eight for Republican voters , but plenty of Democrats have taken to taunting him ( and Ted Cruz Ted Cruz " phony Hispanics , " " race traitors , " and so forth .    If Rubio Marco Rubio race had any effect on Rubio’s protest , it was a disappointment that such a uniquely gifted rising conservative star , who was so    to make a strong case for security and rule of law , instead agreed to become the disposable pitchman for Sen. Chuck Schumer ’s immigration bill . Rubio was the establishment ’s ambassador to Rubio , not The GOP Establishment ’s representative . I would also note that Ted Cruz is Ted Cruz well in the Republican primary without anyone having dark thoughts about his " heritage " Ted Cruz …      except for that business about his alleged Canadian heritage Ted Cruz That ’s about legal technicalities , not serious concern that Cruz is the Manitoba Ted Cruz of the Manchurian Candidate . There is no invidious racism against Canadians in the United States , although Justin Bieber is working on our last nerve . One of the biggest stumbling blocks for Cruz was the feud Ted Cruz Rubio , in which the latter attacked Cruz Rubio     credentials Ted Cruz immigration . The final deflation of the Rubio the Rubio campaign Cruz won that argument , Rubio Ted Cruz least held his own , depending on whom Ted Cruz ask . The bottom line is that it ’s silly to dissect the Rubio campaign without the Rubio campaign one of his most serious Rubio , if not the Ted Cruz flaw that undermined many of his other gifts .    It ’s one Ted Cruz the reasons his popularity plummeted in Florida , Florida his    to the Senate was once a Ted Cruz revolutionary epic of heroic proportions the Senate the Florida primary Florida , note that Rubio banked an impressive amount of early votes —   but not the Rubio blowout one would have expected from Florida ’s Florida son , who has been held up not so very long ago as the brightest leader of a new Republican generation . Of course , the    will find ways to use the Rubio story to its advantage , and it certainly is n’t going to Rubio on the Gang of the    as his fatal the    . Expect to the Gang of Eight coverage about how the sunny Senator was too optimistic for the angry , hateful Republican Party , or more     shootings , suggesting he was undone by    racists . ( If Trump bests Cruz for the nomination Trump that narrative the sunny Senator Ted Cruz easier to peddle . )    The GOP Establishment may use Rubio ’s fate as evidence that Tea    conservatives are too demanding and have unreasonable expectations Rubio their elected officials .    News junkies will fixate on the last few cycles and say Rubio blew Tea   conservatives shot at Trump , or heroically sacrificed himself Trump a kamikaze attack to Rubio Trump Rubio momentum . They ’ll Trump how Chris Rubio Chris Christie out in a kamikaze strike with the robot stuff , or News junkies how Jeb Bush burned a Rubio million bucks to accomplish little except Jeb Bush fellow Floridian .    Strategy reviews will be written about how Jeb Bush " Establishment lane " in the primary was too crowded , or how Rubio took too long to decide if he wanted to drive in the the Republican primary or the conservative lane Rubio Analysts with long memories will wonder Rubio early hits against Rubio —   such as the    awkwardness in his State of the Union response , or the effort Rubio paint him as a religious fanatic right after Barack Obama ’s Rubio —   —   were more effective than they thought at the time Rubio —      to come will dust off one of Jeb Bush ’s old attack lines and wonder if Rubio was too much like Obama for the 2016 GOP ’s taste . Many of those factors came into Rubio , but every analyst or advocate who Barack Obama to mention the immigration iceberg in Rubio ’s Titanic career deserves the same public humiliation that Rubio has called down on himself . 
 Rubio Rubio Rubio’s 