Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. told the Los Angeles Times that Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. anticipated the victory of    Donald J. Trump after watched a   Donald J. Trump rally at    Pennsylvania and witnessed the lack of enthusiasm for Hillary R. Clinton . [ " Son of a gun . We may lose this election , " Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. said , recalling Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. thoughts for the paper during an interview .   Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. said that Trump ’s   Donald J. Trump with the audience , forced him to   Donald J. Trump one of his father   Donald J. Trump adages : " I do n’t expect the government to solve my problems . But I expect them to the government it . my problems It is my problems familiar theme for Biden , who instructs his speechwriters to mention his audiences’ his in his speeches his whether he agrees his them or the government . " I was trying to be as tactful as I could in making it clear that I thought we constantly made a mistake of not speaking to the fears , aspirations , concerns of middle class people . " It was that tact the vice president was expected to take during his own the vice president presidential campaign , where he intended the vice president maintain the policy trajectory of President Barack Obama , tempered by a spirit of comity and respect for the people on the other side of the aisle   —    " a campaign of the heart . " In fact , he told the vice president Times , unlike the former first lady , who called Trump ’s supporters " irredeemable " and " deplorables , " Biden defended Trump ’s voters as regular Americans , like the ones he knew the vice president up . " They ’re all the people I grew up with . They ’re They kids They And they ’re They racist . They ’re They sexist . But we did n’t talk to them , They he said the vice president " I believe that we were we letting an awful lot of people   —    high    mostly Caucasian , but also people of color   —    know that we understood we problems mostly Caucasian, but also people of color  —    " There is a current of elitism running through the Democratic Party that offends regular people , who might not buy into the progressive agenda for their own reasons , he said the vice president " In the meantime , you ca n’t eat equality , you know ? " The vice president , who made 83 campaign appearances for Clinton , said his misgivings The vice president, who made 83 campaign appearances for Clinton confirmed at a rally on the eve of Election Day with Clinton ’s Clinton Sen. Timothy Kaine ( ) when he said The vice president, who made 83 campaign appearances for Clinton his aides The vice president, who made 83 campaign appearances for Clinton he detected The vice president, who made 83 campaign appearances for Clinton excitement for the former secretary of state . " You did n’t see any Hillary signs , " Biden recalled . " Every time I talked about Hillary they listened Hillary the crowd    …     " Biden ’s speech Biden night mirrors his message to Biden’s now . " God willing we ’re going Democrats win this , but there ’s a lot of people who are going to vote for Donald Trump , " Biden told the Biden . " We ’ve got to figure out why . What is eating at them ? Some of it will be unacceptable . But some of it will be it hard truths about our country and about our economy . our lot of people do feel left out . " After Jan. 20 , Biden becomes a Biden citizen for the first time since he entered the Biden Jan. 3 , 1973   —    an institution he never left Biden because the vice president is the head of the upper chamber   —    but he told the Biden he does not Biden to leave the stage completely . His wife , Biden Jill Biden , expects to continue teaching at Northern Virginia Community College , and the Bidens are looking for a home in the Virginia suburbs of the District of Columbia . 
 