Gizmodo has revealed what everyone knew already : that Facebook ’s employees are biased against presidential contender Donald Trump . [ In response , the social network has hurriedly insisted that the social network ’s a " neutral " platform and wo n’t use the social network considerable power to influence the election . But who really believes the social network ?   The Gizmodo leaks showed employees voting in an internal poll to decide what questions the social network should ask CEO Mark Zuckerberg at CEO Mark Zuckerberg weekly QA . One of the more popular options was a loaded question concerning Republican frontrunner Donald Trump : " What responsibility does Facebook have to prevent President Trump in 2017 ? " Facebook ’s exactly the sort of question that    tech hipsters in Silicon Valley would ask tech hipsters in Silicon Valley CEO . Facebook has since insisted that Facebook will not seek to influence the election . But I ’m more than a little sceptical . First , let ’m examine Facebook public statement on the controversy : Voting is a core value of democracy and we believe that supporting civic participation is an important contribution we can make to the community . We encourage any and all candidates , groups , and voters to use our We to share their groups, and voters on the election and debate the issues . We as a company are neutral   —    we We not and will not use our We in a way that attempts to influence how people vote . The first thing to note about this statement is that it this statement technically an impossible commitment for Facebook to make . The Facebook long switched from    newsfeeds ( where ordinary people choose what information they come ordinary people contact with ) to an algorithmic model , in which Facebook controls Facebook content gets pushed to its users Facebook and when ) . If Facebook ’s Facebook think a news story is interesting to you , they ’ll Facebook sure you see it . a news story definition , a service that influences what information you see also influences how you vote . But let ’s give Facebook the Facebook of the doubt , and assume that their spokesman Facebook merely trying to explain that the social network ’s algorithms do n’t privilege some presidential candidates above others . Even then , it ’s still hard to believe . Facebook CEO Facebook Zuckerberg has spent the last few months taking a string of outlandishly progressive poisitions ( even by Silicon Valley standards ) that are the polar opposite of Donald Trump ’s . He ’s Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg banned employees from criticising Black Lives Matter . He ’s Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg Germany ’s immigration policies , urging the U. S. to " follow their lead Germany’s immigration policies " And , of course , he ’s Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg Donald Trump Donald Trump , warning against " fearful voices calling for building walls . " Zuckerberg has also approved political censorship on Facebook . After he personally assured German Zuckerberg Angela Merkel that he would crack down Zuckerberg    sentiment on the platform , Facebook launched a      Facebook against "   hate speech . " Zuckerberg and Facebook COO Zuckerberg Sandberg Facebook since made regular trips to Germany . In other words , Facebook are already intervening Facebook European politics . Why should we believe they wo Facebook do Facebook same in the U. S. election , particularly when Donald Trump threatens Silicon Valley ’s    H1B migrant visas ? It ’s not as if Facebook would be the Facebook . As Breitbart Tech revealed in February , Twitter deliberately manipulates its algorithm to favour Twitter trusted " whitelist " of news sources , while pushing sources on a disfavoured " blacklist " down users’ search results . It ’s hard to imagine that Facebook , whose CEO ’s rabid progressivism easily matches that of Twitter ’s Jack Dorsey Twitter wo n’t one day go down the same route . After all , as UCLA law professor Eugene Volokh reminded Gizmodo , there are no legal obstacles in Zuckerberg ’s way . He could , if Zuckerberg wished , be Zuckerberg biased as he liked in his Zuckerberg of Facebook Zuckerberg " Facebook has the same Facebook Amendment right as the New York Times , " said Volokh . " They Eugene Volokh completely block Facebook if they want . They Facebook him or Facebook him Trump " Of Trump , taking an explicitly political stance might lose Facebook users . But Facebook again , the political stances of the major newspapers also shut out readers of some political stripes while attracting others . Moreover , sites like Twitter and Reddit have proven that political bias can be introduced slowly , covertly , so that the majority of users do n’t know what ’s happening . ( Indeed , we still do n’t know the full details of how Twitter judges what news appears in front of its users , and when . ) With no legal barriers to stop them , it seems no legal barriers to stop them that social media barons like Zuckerberg will eventually seek to emulate the old media barons , who imposed their own political values social media barons like Zuckerberg the outlets that they owned . Just social media barons like Zuckerberg unbiased news reporting is now a thing of the past , perhaps one day soon we shall remember unbiased social networks as nothing more than a memory : a utopian dream that could never have lasted . Of course , one chilling fact ought to be remembered : social media barons are vastly more powerful than their predecessors in the social media barons media . They do n’t just social media barons over the news and commentary of a few writers : they preside over the social media barons conversations of billions of people around the world . They are the conduit social media barons our thoughts , opinions , emotions , and in many cases , our everyday lives . our are , as social media barons ’ve previously pointed out at Breitbart Tech , the new plutocrats . And , given their political stances , social media barons should make conservatives and libertarians very concerned indeed . You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter , add him on Facebook , Allum Bokhari download Milo Alert ! for Android to be kept up to date on his latest articles . Allum Bokhari 