Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump has released the first details about the    event Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump ’s producing instead of attending the presidential debate arranged by Fox News and Google . [ The 8 . 00 p. m. Thursday event will take place at Drake University in Des Moines , Iowa . Thursday event will raise funds for veterans’ organizations .   Donald Trump announced Tuesday evening that Donald Trump would not participate in Thursday ’s Fox News debate . According to Washington Post reporter Robert Costa , Donald Trump campaign says they have reached Trump’s campaign to " all major networks " to carry the event live Thursday event tonight says the campaign has invited Trump’s campaign major networks " to carry Trump Donald Trump Thursday event live ,   —    Robert Costa ( @costareports ) January 27 , 2016 , UPDATE : In a CNN interview with Erin Burnett , Trump Donald Trump manager Corey Lewandowski gave out more details on the forthcoming event at Drake University . " As you know we just put out a statement you know says Mr. Trump Donald Trump to be at Drake University tomorrow night at 9 p. Drake University and we ’re going to raise money for the you know of our great country who are treated like    you know , " Lewandowski told Burnett . " We ’ve got a full program . We ’ve got hundreds of media credentialed people We are going to be there to hopefully cover Mr. Trump ’s event . We ’ll take care of our veterans because We country is n’t doing We . The our great country a disaster and it ’s time to put those people first so The VA is what we ’ll be doing tomorrow night at 9 p. We eastern as opposed to participating in the Fox News debate . " Lewandowski added that he hopes most media outlets carry Trump ’s veterans Lewandowski live . " It ’s open the media and obviously as all of Mr. Trump ’s speeches are if the networks choose to come and cover that we obviously would welcome that opportunity , " Lewandowski said . " It ’s open . If Lewandowski want to live It or live stream that , they ’re welcome to do that as they do they of his speeches . And I they they will do Mr. Trump’s speeches I think the American people they going to look at that Fox News debate with that series of career politicians on that stage and say ‘ you know what ? This is not what we want . We want a leader . We want someone who is we to fix this.’ So we bother watching a debate which is all politicians who are all talk no action . ‘ We ’d rather watch a real leader in Donald Trump we what he ’s going to talk about . " 
 a real leader in Donald Trump 