GOP frontrunner Donald Trump told GOP frontrunner Donald Trump supporters in North Augusta , South Carolina on Saturday afternoon that GOP frontrunner Donald Trump ’s proud to represent the people , rather than the donor class and special interests , which GOP frontrunner Donald Trump alleges the Republican National Committee ( RNC ) stacks in the GOP primary debate audiences . [ Trump recalled the debate last Saturday , saying , " The room was stacked with special interests and lobbyists . " GOP frontrunner Donald Trump explained The room was filled with the heads of drug companies and electric companies , adding , " That was the richest audience I think I ’ve ever seen . "   Trump ( ) said that to a certain extent , it ’s " the RNC ’s fault , " adding , " so I called them out . " " I ’m honored to represent you people , " Trump told the RNC’s audience , reminding them that he ’s the only candidate    his campaign and putting Trump his own money people " Trump walk on stage everyone is Trump quiet   …     Trump ’s sort of wild , " Trump recalled of the debate audience . " Do n’t forget , I was on the Trump side of the equation before June 16th , " the real estate mogul said about donating to various politicians as a business owner in the past before officially launching his presidential campaign . Roughly 1 , 000 of the 1 , 600 tickets from Saturday a business owner ’s debate went to the RNC and the South Carolina Republican Party , according to the RNC ’s Sean Spicer . Following the debate , Trump and his campaign manager , Corey Lewandowski , have called for the ’s debate to be able to Trump the debates rather than donors and special interests . Trump urged his supporters to get out and vote on Saturday so America can be great again Trump adding Trump " These politicians are not going to do it . " He recalled his big win in the New Hampshire primary last week . " We won rich Trump We Trump poor . We won middle . We won heavy and thin , " Trump joked We " We won We educated and we We people with high school [ education Trump . " 
 We We 