Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ’s    immigration plan , revealed in Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump immigration speech in Arizona on Wednesday evening , includes one of the issues that first propelled Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump campaign : the passage of a " Kate ’s Law , " named for a young California woman who was killed at the hands of a    deported illegal alien . [ On July 1 of last year , the illegal alien   —    who had also been convicted of seven felonies   —    shot and killed     Kate Steinle while Kate Steinle was walking at a San Francisco pier with Kate Steinle father .   Trump said in Trump immigration speech Wednesday : Since 2013 alone , the Obama administration has allowed 300 , 000 criminal aliens to return back into United States communities . These are individuals encountered or identified by ICE , but who were not detained or processed for deportation because it would n’t have been politically correct . My plan also includes cooperating closely with local jurisdictions to remove criminal aliens immediately . We will restore the highly successful Secure Communities Program . Good program . We will expand and revitalize the popular 287 ( g ) partnerships , which will help to identify hundreds of thousands of deportable aliens in local jails that We do n’t even know about . Both of these programs have been recklessly gutted by this administration . And those were programs that worked . This is yet one more area where we are headed in a totally opposite direction . There ’s no common sense , there ’s no brain power in this administration by our leader , or our our . None , none , none . On my first day in office , I am also going to ask Congress to pass ‘ Kate ’s Law’   —    named for Kate Steinle   —    to ensure that criminal aliens convicted of illegal reentry receive strong mandatory minimum sentences . Strong . And then we get them criminal aliens convicted of illegal reentry receive strong mandatory minimum sentences . Another reform I am proposing is the passage of legislation named for Detective Michael Davis and Deputy Sheriff Danny Oliver , two law enforcement officers recently killed by a    illegal immigrant . The    bill will enhance cooperation with state and local authorities to ensure that criminal immigrants and terrorists are swiftly , really swiftly identified and removed . After years of being ignored in the media , family members whose relatives were killed by illegal aliens first received national attention after Steinle ’s death , when Trump met with several family members in Los Angeles , California . A Breitbart News analysis of when Trump Trump took off showed that he rocketed Trump seventh to first in the field of Republican presidential candidates within a week of bringing together this group of grieving Americans , whom he noted Trump victims of lax government policies . Trump brought Trump host of these families on stage during his immigration Trump Wednesday . That action essentially forced mainstream media outlets to cover the " angel parents , " from whom some networks had cut away during the prime time broadcast of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in July . Less than two weeks after the death of Steinle , Kate ’s parents were pushing for Kate ’s Kate’s also titled the Establishing Mandatory Minimums for Illegal Reentry Act . Her father Kate Jim Steinle , said during an interview on Fox News’ O’Reilly Factor that his family is O’Reilly and that they support Kate his family Kate as a legacy to their daughter ’s name . He went on O’Reilly say that while existing laws are there to protect Americans , " we feel that this particular set of circumstances , and the people involved , the different agencies let us down . we Mr. Steinle expressed a desire to be involved as lawmakers moved forward with crafting the language of Kate ’s Law . By late July 2015 , several of of the bereaved families met with legislators in Washington , D. C. for a hearing on Kate ’s Law Kate In an interview with Breitbart News , one of those legislators , Rep. Louie Gohmert ( ) noted the impact on deterrence that legislation such as Kate ’s Law Kate’s Law . Gohmert also remarked that illegal immigration could be taken care of " [ i]f we just had an administration that enforced the law as it exists and that the law protecting the border , making sure that people do n’t come in illegally , " and enforcing laws against visa overstays . Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana 
 