The Drudge Report summarized Thursday night ’s GOP debate , which frontrunner Donald Trump skipped , with the headline : " The Seven Dwarfed ! " [ That assessment matches the consensus , left and right , from media observers : that Donald Trump benefited from staging a fundraiser for wounded veterans , where Donald Trump appeared relaxed , magnanimous , and in command , rather than placing Donald Trump in the crosshairs of the Fox News moderators and Donald Trump Republican rivals .   The Washington Post‘s Dan Balz wrote that Sens . Ted Cruz ( ) and Marco Rubio ( ) two of Trump ’s main rivals , had " failed to seize the Trumpless moment , " opening new space for struggling GOP rivals . Even Jim Geraghty of National Review , which devoted its last issue to attacking Trump , conceded that Trump had likely benefited from avoiding the "   immigration bloodbath " that the GOP debate became in Trump absence . The Cruz camp appears to have made a strategic miscalculation . By sticking with the GOP debate , and accusing Trump of cowardice , Cruz Cruz to place himself Cruz the head of the    opposition . Instead , however , he Cruz himself Cruz a    by the moderators and the other candidates . Had he Cruz Trump Trump of cowardice protest at Fox News’ behavior , he Cruz have signaled that he Cruz Trump Trump of cowardice the prohibitive final two candidates in the GOP primary . Trump Trump of cowardice have drawn Cruz into a direct fight before the conservative Tea Party favorite from Texas was fully prepared for it a direct fight before the conservative Tea Party favorite from Texas As strong as his Trump of cowardice is in Iowa , Cruz Cruz challenge remains distinguishing himself from Cruz rest of the field , rather than overtaking Trump Trump of cowardice While ratings for the Fox News debate were still high , they were ratings for the Fox News debate were still high half of the ratings for the first Fox News Fox News August . Ratings for Trump Trump of cowardice fundraiser , carried on several networks , are not available as of this writing . 
 