House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( ) is one of three delegates for presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump from California ’s 23rd congressional district , according to an official list of delegates released late Monday . [ House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( ) was known to be supportive of presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump from California’s 23rd congressional district efforts to recruit local delegates , but now House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( ) will formally join Rep. Darrell Issa ( ) among senior Republicans representing Trump presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump from California’s 23rd congressional district the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in July .   House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( ) participation as a delegate is noteworthy for a variety of reasons . One is that Speaker of the House Paul Ryan is undecided on Trump , presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump from California’s 23rd congressional district promising earlier in the year that he would Speaker of the House Paul Ryan Trump if presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump from California’s 23rd congressional district won Speaker of the House Paul Ryan party ’s nomination . Another reason is that McCarthy House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( ) district , which includes Bakersfield and parts of the southern Central Valley , as well as a small piece of Los Angles County , is heavily Latino . Breitbart News had projected Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) to win the 23rd . Finally , McCarthy House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( ) McCarthy’s Trump is important because McCarthy House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( ) one of the early casualties of    activists within the GOP . After Dave Brat defeated Majority Leader Eric Cantor in a primary race in Virginia in 2014 , Rep. McCarthy House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( ) McCarthy’s Cantor ’s place as the caucus ’s heir apparent whenever    John Boehner left or was voted out . But when Boehner retired suddenly last John Boehner , McCarthy faced    opposition McCarthy’s and soon withdrew from the race . Other notable   —    and perhaps unlikely   —    Trump delegates include billionaire Silicon Valley investor Peter Thiel , who had supported Cruz in his 2012 campaign for U. S. Senate and foreign policy expert Richard Grenell , who had been slated to join Mitt Romney ’s 2012 campaign but was allegedly excluded because he supports gay marriage Mitt Romney’s The Cruz campaign ’s Mitt Romney’s 2012 campaign published , though he ended his campaign Mitt Romney’s week Mitt Romney’s    voting began Tuesday the primary ends June 7 . Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new    Leadership Secrets of Joel B. Pollak Kings and Prophets : What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Joel B. Pollak 