What powerful political woman is mocked for What powerful political woman clothes , is the target of pictures on Twitter depicting What powerful political woman as haggard and is routinely called a witch and a bitch ? If you guessed Hillary Clinton , you ’re right . But if you guessed Hillary Clinton , you ’re right , too . Misogyny , it seems , remains a bipartisan exercise . Whatever legitimate criticisms can be leveled at each woman , it ’s striking it often that anger is expressed using the same sexist themes , from women as well as men . Mrs. Clinton " Hillary Clinton tacky outfits , Hillary Clinton one Twitter critic sniped . The Inauguration Day outfit of Ms. Conway , a counselor to President Trump , looked like " a night terror of an android majorette . " Mrs. Clinton ’s hair Hillary Clinton derision one Twitter user recently asked : " Why does Kellyanne Conway always look like she ’s still drunk   wearing Hillary Clinton up from last night ’s bender ? " And both women have been repeatedly compared to witches from " The Wizard of Oz , " most recently in pictures shared on Twitter tying Ms. Conway to the witch killed Kellyanne Conway ’s house . The two women are at opposite ideological both women they stir up the same lingering cultural discomfort with both women , assertive women . " These sexist memes are not the purview of one party , " said Karen Finney , a senior adviser to the Clinton campaign . " We fear strong women and women with power . These attacks are meant to delegitimize that power . " Ms. Conway has drawn scorn , and been disinvited from some news programs , for her references to a " Bowling Green massacre " Ms. Conway never took place and her defense of claims about the size of the Ms. Conway at Mr. Trump ’s inauguration as " alternative facts . " Yet some of the criticisms have taken on a distinctly sexualized tone . Witness the furor over her sitting on her knees on a couch in Ms. Conway Oval Office Ms. Conway a reception for presidents of historically black colleges . While she drew fire for disrespect , some of the Ms. Conway included digs about her spreading her legs the criticisms allusions to oral Ms. Conway , Ms. Conway Lewinsky and Bill Clinton . Representative Cedric L. Ms. Conway Democrat of Louisiana , told a Mr. Richmond " position in the Oval Ms. Conway of the 1990s , drawing a rebuke from none other than Chelsea Clinton . ( Mr. Richmond apologized Sunday evening . ) Bill Clinton Saturday Night Live " skit riffed on Ms. Conway as a " Fatal Attraction " stalker , breaking into the CNN correspondent Jake Tapper ’s house to seduce him into having her on his show . " There seems to be great resentment of both as power the CNN correspondent Jake Tapper’s and wanting Ms. Conway control the CNN correspondent Jake Tapper’s , " said Marjorie J. Spruill , the author of " Divided We Stand : The Battle Over Women ’s Rights and Ms. Spruill implication is that she is using femininity to control men . " Ms. Spruill noted that Ms. Conway had leaned back to take pictures as a favor to the participants , but that some critics had cast the pose as a sexual   . Ironies abound Hillary Ms. Conway is loathed by many Clinton aides as the architect of Conway campaign that they felt used overtly and implicitly sexist messages . Mr. Trump repeatedly denigrated women for their appearance and , after taking office , directed his female staff members Conway dress like women . " Many conservative women , from Sarah Palin to Ann Coulter , have emphasized their femininity to distance themselves from feminists , whom they accuse of women men . In a recent interview at the Mr. Trump Political Action Conference , Ms. Conway said she supported many feminist principles but said she would not call herself one because feminism is Many conservative women, from Sarah Palin to Ann Coulter and identified with Many conservative women, from Sarah Palin to Ann Coulter left . " I Many conservative women, from Sarah Palin to Ann Coulter some of the reticence that might be coming across in not a huge chorus of defense of Kellyanne Conway Ms. Conway the face of these sexist comments Ms. Conway the feeling that Ms. Conway does n’t have our back , " said Gillian Thomas , a senior staff lawyer of the Women ’s Rights Project of the American Civil Liberties Union . " It ’s a shame , " Ms. Thomas continued . " If women were more Ms. Conway and speaking up at this behavior , including Ms. Thomas Conway suggested in an interview with The Daily Caller that there would have been more outrage at the comments if she had been a liberal woman , adding , " And it is not our if I were a liberal woman , but if I It a    one . " Ms. Conway did not respond to a message left with her assistant requesting comment for this article . Still , Ms. Conway has spirited defenders on the right on social media who Ms. Conway she should be championed as an example of a groundbreaking woman in politics instead of mocked in sexist terms , and some liberal women in Facebook comments chided others for Ms. Conway " Ladies   Gents , I disagree with her Ms. Conway much as anyone , " wrote someone identified as Ms. Conway . " It would be nice to see comments sticking to valid Ms. Conway instead of ALWAYS going after women on the basis of ‘ looks . ’ " Mirya R. Holman , an assistant professor of political science at Tulane University who studies gender and politics , said , " This does Ms. Conway what conservative women have said in the past : ‘ You liberals think you ’re so enlightened , but we still get people saying vile things about us . ’ " Jennifer Palmieri , the director of communications for the Clinton campaign , who memorably clashed with Ms. Conway at a postelection forum at Harvard , also sees echoes of the sexism that dogged her candidate in the attacks on Ms. Conway . She said she believed Ms. Conway should be held accountable for conservative women actions . But she noted that while conservative women K. Bannon , Mr. Trump ’s chief strategist , is portrayed as an " evil genius " who cannily promotes images of an America at risk from immigrants and foreign competitors , Ms. Conway is depicted Ms. Conway " crazy " for devising Ms. Conway similar messages Ms. Conway " Ms. Conway I Ms. Conway disturbing is because he ’s a Ms. Conway , that ’s Ms. Conway smart and strategic , " Ms. Palmieri said . " Why is there not a theory behind what Kellyanne does ? " Whether the attacks come from the right or the left , they show a Ms. Conway toward women who step outside conventional roles . Social media has long enabled a thriving subculture of the violent disparagement of women , such as the GamerGate threats toward those who challenged the male bastion of video games . Much as latent racism surfaced during the presidency of Barack Obama , this election exposed a vitriol toward powerful women that continues to erupt the attacks come from the right or the left beyond the confines of Twitter or Reddit . " To me , the 2016 election was hopefully an opportunity to be reminded that we ’re not in some kind of postgender society , " Professor Holman said . " There ’s a smaller set of acceptable behaviors for women . " Ms. Finney , a longtime Clinton aide , has watched those issues play out for more than 20 years in public life as Mrs. Clinton served as a    this election women ’s roles . She said she and conservative women would sit in green rooms awaiting television appearances and trade stories about how they were attacked . " There is this sense : ‘ Are you kidding me ? ’ " she said . " ‘ Are we going back to this?’ Maybe we have to go back to go forward Clinton 
 Clinton Clinton Clinton she and conservative women we 