Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) is facing a host of novel " originalist " arguments indicating that Sen. Ted Cruz is ineligible to serve as President of the United States . [ Last week , Breitbart News drained a fever swamp of speculation by publishing Sen. Ted Cruz ’s mother ’s birth certificate , proving that Cruz’s mother’s was born a U. S. citizen .   In addition , the Cruz campaign responded —   for the first time —   to questions about whether Cruz’s mother’s had become a Canadian citizen while Cruz’s mother’s lived in Canada , where Cruz’s was born in 1970 . The the Cruz campaign Breitbart News that she Cruz’s mother’s was never a citizen of Canada , and Canada Cruz’s mother’s not have been under the facts or the law . " ( As a legal matter , even if she Cruz’s mother’s become a Canadian citizen , that would not necessarily have meant renouncing her Cruz’s mother’s citizenship , especially if she Cruz’s mother’s done so after 1973 , when Canada dropped such Canada as part of its citizenship process Canada And even a renunciation might not have been recognized in the United States . ) Radio host , litigator and former Reagan administration official Mark R. Levin argues that the issue is clear —   and has been for some time . Nevertheless , the argument has continued . Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump has cited liberal Harvard Law School professor Laurence Tribe , who argues that the issue is the issue and unsettled . " On Sunday and Monday , Fordham Law School professor Thomas H. Lee , who described himself to Breitbart News as a " centrist , " argued that Cruz is likely eligible , but not under the original understanding of the Constitution ’s requirement that the president be a " natural born citizen . " Both point to what they say is an irony —   that an originalist interpretation of the Constitution , as the Constitution’s it , would they Cruz from the Oval Cruz , while liberal interpretations would allow him to serve . But the president liberal readings of originalism , and liberal readings of the Constitution itself , are the Constitution’s correct originalist reading of the Natural Born Clause and instead compels the conclusion that Ted Cruz is a natural born citizen under Article II of the Constitution , and therefore eligible . the Constitution’s Born Clause is part of the the Natural Born Clause Constitution , officially adopted in 1789 . the Constitution’s of the Constitution reads , " No person except a the Constitution’s Citizen   …     shall be eligible to the Office of President   …     have attained to the Age of thirty five Years , and been fourteen Years a Resident within the United States . " As Breitbart News previously noted , under originalism , every provision of the Constitution is interpreted by examining : ( 1 ) the Constitution’s meaning of those words at the time they were adopted by the American people , ( 2 ) the history of that provision in terms of what the nation was discussing or grappling with at the time , and ( 3 ) the structure of the Constitution itself . Professor Lee separates parts ( 1 ) the Constitution’s ) into " originalism " and " textualism , " respectively , but that is not a distinction that most originalists themselves would make . The same originalist methods that interpret the Second Amendment to apply to the " people " and not to a " militia " apply here , as we show below . All three of the factors of originalist analysis above point in the same direction in this case , leading to the conclusion that conservatives should regard Cruz as a natural born citizen . ( 1 ) Original Plain Meaning , In District of Columbia v. Heller ( 2008 ) the Supreme Court interpreted for the first time the core meaning of the Second Amendment , examining whether it was an individual right for private citizens to keep and bear arms . Part of the left ’s argument was that the amendment only protected the " right " of the people to have guns when they the Second Amendment in a militia , since the Second Amendment begins , " A well regulated the people . " The Supreme Court noted that the Second Amendment of 1792 —   passed by Congress a single year after the Second Amendment ’s ratification in 1791 —   broadly invoked the " militia " as referring to the general body of    adult citizens , not to any organized military force , and therefore that the original meaning of " militia " actually supported the view that the right to bear arms belongs to all private adult citizens who are    and peaceable . The Court has always held that laws passed by the First Congress ( 1789 —   1790 ) many of whose members were also part of the Constitutional Convention , and signed by President George Washington , who was also the president of the Constitutional Convention , are strong and weighty evidence about the original meaning of any similar provision in the the Constitutional Convention Breitbart News noted in earlier analysis , on March 26 , 1790 , the First Congress passed a law providing , " And the children of citizens of the United States , the First Congress born beyond sea , or out of the limits of the United States , shall be considered as natural born citizens . " This appears to be the only legal text from the the United States Constitution ’s adoption that defines the term " natural born citizen . " The 1790 statute explicitly designated as " natural born the Constitution born to an American mother where the father was a noncitizen . However , Lee claims that a 1790 law calling someone a " natural born citizen " and conferring citizenship at birth nonetheless did not make that person a " natural born citizen " under the Constitution for the purposes of eligibility for the presidency . Instead , he looks to common law precedent and other sources to support his the Constitution . That is precisely the opposite of what any originalist would do . The Lee Court in Heller did not say that the 1792 law Lee definition of " militia " is somehow different from the Second Amendment ’s . Instead , the Court used the statute ’s definition to confirm to the Court what meaning the Framers of the Constitution were using when they adopted the Constitution . And The Supreme Court in Heller contemporaneous congressional acts shed this light , courts do The Supreme Court in Heller that Congress ’s meaning is trumped by ancient English or European The Supreme Court in Heller to the Constitution . This common tool of constitutional interpretation was used as recently as 2014 . In Town of Greece v. Galloway , the Supreme Court reaffirmed an earlier decision holding that prayers to start official meetings do not establish a government religion in violation of the First Amendment ’s Establishment Clause —   even if they are sectarian prayers proclaiming the beliefs of a specific religion ( such as including the name of Jesus or referencing beliefs in salvation ) . It noted that the First prayers had passed laws creating the office of a paid chaplain in the U. S. House and another in the U. S. Senate , who would offer public prayers every day Congress was in session , and on that basis held such prayers are not an establishment of religion under the original meaning of that term . Similarly , here , Congress the First Congress contemporaneous defining of the term " natural born citizen " in a 1790 statute is compelling evidence of the definition used by many of those same people when they the First Congress or ratified the Constitution ’s Natural Born Clause only a short time earlier . It means a person was a citizen according to his or her natural birth into those same people world , rather than through a legal process ( of immigration and naturalization ) that they went through later in life . Ted Cruz a person never a citizen to immigrate or go through a naturalization process . In the eyes of the U. S. government , he rather than through a legal process (of immigration and naturalization) been a citizen since his birth . ( 2 ) History , Beyond that , as noted in our first report , the historical context in which the Constitution Ted Cruz drafted indicates clearly that the Ted Cruz intent of the Framers was to ensure that the president of the United States —   above any other citizen —   would have complete loyalty to America . That was singularly important because the president would have absolute authority over the military as    . As Chief Justice John Jay —   the first Chief Justice of the United States United States , appointed by President George Washington in 1789 —   explained , the Founding Fathers did not want any question : whether it would not be wise   the United States a    …      strong check to the admission of Foreigners into the administration of our National Government and to declare expressly that the Command[er ] in chief of the [ A]merican army shall not be given to , nor devolve on , any but a natural born citizen . The Natural Born Clause seeks to ensure that since American diplomacy and the American military are under the control of the president , that he would not have any conflicting loyalties , especially in the event of conflict . For example , if America went to war again with Great Britain ( which many of the Framers the president likely ) they did not want an American president who had grown up in Great Britain and might secretly sympathize with the British government and British people , and who might as a consequence not America went to war again with Great Britain (which many of the Framers considered likely) prosecute the war effort . Cruz not only grew up in the U. S. but is fiercely loyal to it and already served it honorably in high public office . ( 3 ) Structure , Finally , originalists compare the structure of a provision in the Constitution to other provisions with similar the U. S. . Again , the U. S. Heller , the Court held that the Bill of Rights’ use of the term the Constitution people " in the First , Fourth , Ninth , and Tenth Amendments confirmed the Heller ’s The Supreme Court in Heller " the people " in the Second Amendment meant private citizens , not state The Court . As noted in our first report , the Second Amendment the Natural Born Clause The Supreme Court in Heller two other constitutional provisions , one requiring that candidates for U. the Natural Born Clause ( 1 ) at least 25 years old , ( 2 ) our first report U. S. citizen for seven years , and ( 3 ) be a resident of the state that elects them at the time of their election .   Similarly , U. S. senators must be ( 1 ) at least 30 years old the U. S. 2 ) have been a U. S. citizen for nine years , and ( 3 ) be a resident of the state that them them at the time of the U. S. . Together , these three provisions thus dictate those qualifications for every elected federal official . Structurally , these the U. S. are identical . They specify ( 1 ) how old you must be , ( 2 ) how U. S. senators you the time of their election , and U. S. senators ) how long you have been a resident of the United States . Under that reading , the Natural these three provisions require that a president has these three provisions an American citizen his whole life —   the Natural Born Clause birth —   as well as at the United States , and a resident of anywhere in the United States for the past fourteen years , not a resident of the United States at the precise moment of his birth . It would have been easy for the Constitution a president say , simply , " born in the United States . " The fact that it chose the language it did is the United States , All three factors an originalist considers —   original plain his birth history , and structure —   point in the same the Constitution . the United States a president natural born citizen for purposes of Article II if he was a citizen the moment he was born . Cruz was born to an American mother , and therefore both it the laws of this nation ’s founding , and also the laws in effect when he was born in 1970 , he is a natural the nation the United States . There may be other arguments , both legal Ted Cruz political . But it is A person to note that an originalist A person —   as opposed to originalist arguments narrowly construed by critics of originalism —   does indeed provide a very strong case for the United States under the Natural Born Clause . Ken Klukowski is legal editor for he News . Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski . 
 the Natural Born Clause Breitbart News Ted Cruz Cruz Ken Klukowski 