Republican Speaker of the House Paul Ryan says Republican candidates Donald Trump , Ted Cruz and John Kasich are fine with Republican Speaker of the House Paul Ryan conducting an agenda campaign on the sidelines of the Republican presidential race   —    even though Republican Speaker of the House Paul Ryan is not running for president . [ " Republican candidates Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and John Kasich say Republican candidates Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and John Kasich ’re fine . Republican candidates Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and John Kasich understand why Republican candidates Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and John Kasich ’re doing this , what Republican candidates Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and John Kasich ’re doing , and Republican candidates Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and John Kasich ’re comfortable with the direction Republican candidates Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and John Kasich ’re headed , " Ryan says . " Republican candidates Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and John Kasich ’re not worrying with something that ’s out of Republican candidates Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and John Kasich control . "   The Speaker ’s office released another campaign quality video of Ryan urging Republicans to stop putting " gas on the fire " in response to angry Americans , but rather channel angry Americans anger into solutions .   Ryan is also hosting a Millennial Town Hall at Georgetown tomorrow to discuss Republican solutions with college students . The Speaker’s was challenged by CBS reporter Norah O’Donnell in an interview . She The Speaker’s out that Ryan is running a " parallel policy shop " to the leading presidential candidates in the presidential race . " That ’s true , " Ryan admitted . Ryan argued that there was n’t enough time to explain to Americans what solutions that Republicans had to offer until after the convention , a lesson Ryan learned by running with Mitt Romney in 2012 . " If you wait until after the convention to all the sudden get your act together and then produce an agenda in say , August or September , it ’s too late , " Ryan said . When questioned about Ryan motives by CBS anchor Charlie Rose , Ryan admitted that his Ryan was different than Donald Trump ’s . " I ’m a Jack    Reagan Republican , " he Ryan . " We all have different styles and forms . " " What is Donald Donald Trump " asked Rose . " Donald Trump Donald Trump Donald Trump Republican , " Ryan Ryan . Ryan Ryan he Ryan his Ryan a decision to not run for president , because he Ryan a young family . The Ryan he ’s Ryan comfortable with his decision Ryan " a decision to not run for president have run in 2016 , I was doing well in the polls , I could have run in 2012 , " he said Ryan " Janna and I chose not to do that . " He argued Ryan however , that he still Ryan an alternative agenda to offer to the American people . " That does n’t mean that we in Congress do n’t have a solution here , " he said Ryan " That does n’t mean that we ca n’t offer ideas we in Congress " 
 