With less than 100 days until the election , the Never Trump movement has fielded yet another independent presidential candidate to keep Republican nominee Donald Trump out of the White House . [ This time the Never Trump movement candidate is Evan McMullin . Here is what we know about Evan McMullin .   Candidacy Announced by Joe Scarborough , MSNBC ’s Joe Scarborough broke the news of Evan McMullin candidacy , dedicating two hours of his Evan McMullin on Monday to McMullin Evan McMullin shot bid . Scarborough also tweeted MSNBC’s Joe Scarborough news : the news of McMullin’s candidacy ON @Morning_Joe : Multiple sources say an independent conservative candidate will announce his candidacy for president an independent conservative candidate .   —    Joe Scarborough ( @JoeNBC ) August 8 , 2016 ,   Multiple sources tell me the candidate is Evan an independent conservative candidate grad , CIA alum , Goldman Sachs , Republican Policy Director , US House ,   —    Joe Scarborough ( @JoeNBC ) August 8 , 2016 ,   McMullin ’s official Evan McMullin online this morning bearing what appears to be his campaign motto : Evan McMullin It ’s never too late to do the right thing . And if we work together , there ’s nothing we ca n’t achieve . "   we CIA to Goldman Sachs to Republican Establishment , McMullin has never held Evan McMullin office . According to his LinkedIn profile , Evan McMullin    he worked as an Evan McMullin officer in the national clandestine service for the Central Intelligence Agency managing " clandestine operations related to counterterrorism , counterinsurgency , energy , political stability , and counterintelligence . " He then went on Evan McMullin work as an investment banking associate for Goldman Sachs in San Francisco for three years . In 2013 , he moved to Washington Evan McMullin D. C. to become the senior advisor to the House Committee on Foreign Affairs and then , two years later , the Chief Policy Director for the House Republican Conference , where he was responsible for Evan McMullin the policy agenda of the Republican leadership in the House . When John Boehner stepped down as Speaker , McMullin wrote on Facebook : " Today we learned that Congress will soon lose Facebook tremendous leader in Speaker Boehner . " Boehner ’s ouster as Speaker was widely John Boehner by grassroots conservatives as a victory for the Tea Party movement over the feckless and equivocating GOP leadership Boehner ’s Speakership represented . However , John Boehner had nothing but praise for Boehner as " one of the most John Boehner , gracious , and savvy leaders I ’ve ever encountered . " McMullin said he was " grateful " McMullin the McMullin " to learn " from Boehner . Former " Volunteer Refugee Resettlement John Boehner " and Fierce Critic of Trump ’s Position on Muslim Migration   According to McMullin ’s LinkedIn profile , he worked McMullin as a " Volunteer McMullin Resettlement Officer " for the United Nations , where he " vetted and processed    refugees from McMullin Middle East and Africa for resettlement to third countries . " McMullin , who is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations , is also a fierce critic of Trump ’s call for a temporary ban on Muslim migration to the United States . He wrote on his Facebook page : " As Donald Trump He attacking Muslims and as a Trump officer , I ’d like all Americans to know the truth : American and other Muslims have played a central role in virtually every counterterrorism win we ’ve had since   . They are an indispensable asset in this fight . all Americans them as a group makes America weaker , not all Americans . " He has also posted on his Facebook page about the plight of Syrian refugees He linking to an Amnesty International article on refugees and noting : " Sobering facts : Over 50 million people around the world   —    including 50 % of Syrians   —    have been forced from their homes due to conflicts in the worst global facts: Over 50 million people around the world  —   including 50% of Syrians   crisis since WWII . " Brainchild of Rick Wilson and Funded by Romney Donor , Joe Scarborough noted this morning that McMullin has " the backing of key $ $ contributors in the Republican Party . " The candidate revealed by sources   has an impressive resume and the backing of key $ $ contributors in the the backing of key $$ contributors in the Republican Party August 8 , 2016 ,   That the Republican Party . One of the key Never Trump figures behind McMullin is none other than "   " Rick McMullin , who last October declared that the GOP donor class must " put a bullet in Donald Trump " to stop him . Buzzfeed reports : " Sources said Wilson McMullin in Washington on Sunday meeting with members of McMullin ’s prospective campaign   —    which includes McMullin who were involved in a group called Better for America , which has been pushing an independent presidential bid . " As a 501 ( c)(4 ) organization , Better for America ( BFA ) ca n’t officially endorse a candidate even though it ’s supporting McMullin ’s bid . ABC News America that the McMullin has been funded in part by John Kingston a candidate a    conservative donor who bundled for Mitt Romney . " Kingston also has ties to George W. Bush and John McCain , according to The Hill . The Hill reports that " several members of BFA have left the group so they can begin working on McMullin ’s campaign The Hill The Hill    seemingly putting him in position to benefit the group ballot access the group . " According to The Hill , among those working for McMullin : Republican McMullin Joel Searby and conservative the group Mohammed Jazil have resigned from BFA to join The Hill campaign , a source said , McMullin ballot access expert Kahlil Byrd and Democratic strategist Ileana Wachtel have left the group to launch McMullin’s . Narrow Path to Victory , McMullin ’s path to victory is extremely narrow to   . Joe Scarborough noted that McMullin ’s long shot campaign " has more to do McMullin stopping Donald Trump than actually electing a president . " The deadline for independent McMullin McMullin’s on the November ballot has already passed in a number of states   —    including Texas with its large electoral count . However , Better for America is perhaps seeking to sue states like Texas to get on the ballot . The Hill notes Texas " to get into the presidential debates , a candidate must poll at 15 percent in Texas national surveys leading the November ballot the three scheduled debates and show that they are appearing on enough state ballots to have a path to 270 electoral votes . " At this late date , with more organized candidates like the Libertarian Party ’s Gary Johnson and the Green Party ’s Jill Stein struggling to reach the 15 percent margin , it ’s hard to see how McMullin will make it onto the debate stage , and without that national platform , his candidacy will remain unknown to the majority of voters . A Mormon Candidate to Appeal to Mormon Voters in Utah , Arizona , and Idaho , McMullin McMullin a Mormon and a graduate of Brigham Young University . Like Never Trump leader Mitt Romney Mormon who served as a Mormon missionary in France , McMullin also did Mormon missionary work in a Catholic country . ABC News reports that McMullin was a missionary in Brazil , and Mormon LinkedIn profile notes that McMullin speaks Portuguese Mormon It ’s no secret that Donald Trump has a Mormon problem McMullin as his polling in traditionally red states McMullin large Mormon populations shows McMullin The Huffington Post notes that McMullin ’s candidacy could have the most Mormon in three such Donald Trump : Utah , Arizona , and Idaho . In fact , the date of McMullin ’s announcement comes just in time to make the August 15 deadline to get on the Utah ballot as an independent candidate . Utah ’s election laws McMullin require 1 , 000 voter signatures for a candidate to be included on a ballot   Utah    a relatively easy number to Utah Glenn Beck ’s Never Trump Scheme at Play ? During a July 27 radio interview with fellow Never Republican nominee Donald Trump member Erick Erickson , Glenn Beck and his    articulated an ambitious scheme to run a third party candidate in red states that are not battleground states for Trump . The idea , Glenn Beck explained Trump Glenn Beck ’s    Stu Burguiere , is to have this independent candidate siphon off enough votes from Trump to keep Republican nominee Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton under Trump threshold of 270 electoral Glenn Beck needed to win the race outright , thereby throwing the election to the House of Representatives to decide the outcome , where they hope a Republican House will elect their independent candidate or another person who is not Trump . They suggested the candidate should be Trump like Mitt an independent conservative candidate but that the House of Representatives only because they could n’t choose the House of Representatives Ryan due to his position as the Speaker of the the House of Representatives Mitt Romney They assumed that Ryan the House ideal candidate for this scheme because presumably House Republicans the House of Representatives vote for him ) . Burguiere the House Paul Ryan that " the will of the people is a the House of Representatives problem with Paul Ryan " scheme because the people actually voted for Trump , but Beck , Erickson Paul Ryan their Never Trump Trump apparently believe in thwarting democracy to save it from Trump . Though McMullin this scheme ideal a candidate the people , he is a Glenn Beck Mormon who is hoping to challenge the people in deep red states with large Mormon populations . Trump McMullin ’s long shot candidacy be a part of a McMullin elaborate scheme to keep Trump and Hillary below 270 electoral votes and throw the Trump to the House ? After McMullin’s keeping Trump under the House a lot easier than winning 270 . Trump Hillary Clinton the election 