Beware the latest nasty virus sweeping the East Coast , particularly the most elite citadels of New York City and Washington , D. C.[It is a    disease , highly contagious and attacks the nervous system . Early stages are inexplicable , fast    light palsy , stammering and overbearing snobbery . Sometimes redness of the face and shortness of breath accompany .   Later stages include total delusionment , dementia , inability to think clearly and , ultimately , a madness that can not be contained . Basic rule of thumb is that if you are blinking and twitching like Chief Inspector Charles Dreyfus , Inspector Jacques Clouseau ’s boss in Pink Panther , then it is still early and there is still hope . In final stages , patients are often found    naked , frothing at mouth and writhing on the floor . This behavior has been likened to that of Antonio Salieri in the final scenes of " Amadeus . " Researchers have yet to arrive at a scientific name for the debilitating disease but the debilitating disease is generally referred to as Donald Trump Derangement Syndrome ( DTDS ) . the debilitating disease is found in the debilitating disease most virulent and highly contagious strain among media and punditry circles and top ranks of Republican Party leaders . While researchers are still confounded about almost everything about DTDS , researchers do believe that early detection could be vital . Here are symptoms and remedies researchers recommend : The    often say things like , " The    is Hitler ! " It is best to calmly explain to the person that Adolph Hitler exterminated six million Jews . Mr. Trump has not . Also , advise the patient to read " Mein Kampf , " and then read " Art of the Deal . " Some victims , it is found , take the extermination of six million Jews more seriously and , instead , compare Mr. Trump to " Mussolini , " kind of a Hilter lite . Sometimes in their hallucinations , people suffering DTDS see a similarity in the ways both men purse their both men and speak . Best remedy is to explain that Benito "Mussolini Hitler ’s stooge and , to date , it is safe to say Donald Trump has never been anybody ’s stooge . Another symptom has people his hysterics Donald Trump how " vulgar " Donald Trump Donald Trump talking about how he lacks the Donald Trump and morals to be president . Recommended remedy is to explain to victim how Lyndon Baines Johnson used to force reporters and staffers to join him in the Lyndon Baines Johnson to conduct business while he took care Lyndon Baines Johnson his own business Lyndon Baines Johnson front of them . Or care them read the care detailing how John F. Kennedy took the virginity of a teenage intern within minutes of meeting her while she a teenage intern touring a teenage intern White House . It is advised not to get into the known exploits of Bill Clinton because , well , it is just so disgusting that it could trigger It complicating illnesses , such as vomiting . A startling recent symptom has one member of Congress demanding to know whether Donald Trump has repented for past sins . The best remedy for this is to remind members of Congress they are Congress members of Congress and ordering people into the confessional booth is both very creepy members of Congress unconstitutional and totally violates the separation of church and state in America . Some victims of DTDS are found agonizing about how Donald Trump threatens Donald Trump the Constitution . It is best to advise these people that Donald Trump is the Donald Trump person to ever run for president and that the very foundation of litigiousness is the Constitution . He probably the Constitution Constitution Donald Trump highly than anybody the Constitution DTDS . Sadly , researchers DTDS not have the slightest hope of a cure for those in advanced stages of the disease . The only known Hail Mary prescriptions have been to either send them to Syria as DTDS refugees or The only known Hail Mary prescriptions them to sneak across the Mexican border The only known Hail Mary prescriptions the Trump Wall and Casino is built . Scientists , meanwhile , are hurriedly developing an      Ambien that can be taken now so that the patient wakes up in the final months of the Trump administration , once America has been Made Great Again . Charles Hurt can be reached at charleshurt@live . com and on Twitter via @charleshurt . 
 