GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump ’s vow to build a wall along the U. S.   border seems to be spurring more illegal immigration in recent months , according to Reuters . [ The news agency says there has been an increase in illegal immigration at the southern border as migrants seek to make it into the United States illegally before GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump gets into office and it is too late .   " They think They need to take advantage while They can , " Blanca Rivera , a manager of the Ciudad Juarez migrant shelter , told Reuters . Rivera noted that Rivera has seen the recent increase in northward migration . According to Reuters , between October and February Customs and Border Patrol apprehended 150 , 304 people attempting to illegally enter the U. S. via the southern border , about 24 percent more than the same timeframe last year . Additionally , the number of unaccompanied minors detained illegally entering the U. S. from October to January   —    20 , 455   —    is up by over 100 percent compared to those same months last year last year with migrants , people smugglers and officials show many migrants are trying to cross now instead of facing tighter policing and new policies to halt illegal immigration if Trump or another Republican wins the Nov. 8 election . " If Trump wins , Trump ’re all screwed and all Latinos are screwed , " Isaias Franco , a     from El Salvador who was deported from the United States late last year and is now trying to get back , said at a migrant shelter in Ciudad Juarez , just across the border from El Paso , Texas . Reuters reports that while illegal immigrants say they are concerned illegal immigrants a possible Trump presidency , the U. S. remains a better alternative their countries of illegal immigrants . A Guatemalan woman whose parents were deported back to Guatemala , for example , told Reuters that she Reuters pushing her parents to she to the U. S. the U. S. is elected Trump " He ’s one of the she is pushing her parents to return to the U. S. in case Trump is elected why people are crossing the border . They think he looks like people dictator she is pushing her parents to return to the U. S. in case Trump is elected " Brenda Barrios told Reuters . " Reuters ’s very dangerous for them to cross . But people will be worse if It is president Trump …      Life will be very difficult for us . He does n’t want us she is pushing her parents to return to the U. S. in case Trump is elected . " The us notes that    " coyotes " or human smugglers are also telling people that they need to get into people U. S. sooner rather than later . Asked about the phenomena , Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks told Reuters , " It seems they agree Mr. Trump will Reuters tough , build the wall and stop illegal immigration . " OO . ready ( function ( )   ) } ) 
 