Welcome to Breitbart News ’s live updates of the 2016 horse race .    —    All times eastern . 10:03 : Trump says Trump thinks Trump will get to 1 , 237 delegates . Trump says Trump will do really well in New York and California and says " this has been an amazing process . " Trump says Trump is spending Trump own money and politicians wo n’t do the right things for the American people because the American people are motivated by special interests and lobbyists . Trump says politicians are not stupid when politicians make bad deals that hurt Americans —   Trump says politicians are just doing what politicians donors want politicians to do . Trump says the country has been great to Trump and Trump wants to give back . 10:00 : Trump says political life is " more dishonest " than pretty dishonest business people . But Trump says business people are " tougher " than politicians . And Trump says Trump will use some of the tough people to negotiate trade deals . 9:58 : Trump says the key to success is to love what you are doing and never give up . 9:55 : Trump tells questioner that Trump brother was a phenomenally handsome guy and his brother started drinking and it became a real problem . his brother says his brother always told his brother never to drink and smoke . Trump says his brother was one of Trump truly great teachers because Trump always said " do n’t ever drink . " Trump says Trump owns the largest winery in the east coast but Trump has never had a drink . Trump says when Trump children were growing up , Trump would always tell Trump kids " no alcohol , no drugs , no cigarettes . " Trump says Trump ’s a tough world to begin with but if you add alcohol or drugs , then Trump becomes really tough . Trump says if parents can keep their parents away from alcohol or drugs , it ’ll make life a lot easier . Ivanka and Don Jr. says that every morning their Ivanka and Don Jr. told them Ivanka and Don Jr. no alcohol , no drugs , no cigarettes . " 9:53 : Don Don Jr. he finds Don Jr. funny when politicians say they are politicians the people when they are politicians themselves . politicians says Don Jr. ’s campaign is resonating because he will Don Jr. the people the people : Ivanka says converting to Judaism is " such a personal decision " that she does n’t Ivanka to talk about it in a Judaism forum . She says her Ivanka was Ivanka supportive and points out that she does n’t Ivanka into things and appreciates the support that he gave him her dad She her dad it Ivanka have been much more hard if there had been headwinds . 9:41 : Trump says he has picked Trump more than 100 , 000 followers over the weekend and he says social Trump is really an asset and enjoys doing it . He social media " Trump is a powerful thing " and there is genius going on there . He would Tweet Trump limitedly as president , Trump says . Trump he says that Trump media allows him to criticize Trump opponents directly Trump it can break into all of the networks and drive the news cycle . He says " Trump is a modern method of communication . " Trump says the Trump of followers he has gives Trump a big Trump over other candidates . Trump says during Trump day , he shouts out Trump to his staff and Trump will sometimes his staff what he wants . Trump says he Trump always Trump night . 9:39 : Melania says Barron is not on social media but has an iPhone . She points out that Melania grew up without Melania media and it was a lot better because she sees a lot Melania bullying going on on social media . Anderson asks Trump ’s children if they monitor their dad Trump’s children social Trump’s children . Laughter ensures . Eric says his dad is " Eric " and does n’t have a team writing his Tweets . 9:33 : their dad points out that the media have gone after Trump on women ’s issues . Ivanka says that Trump has put female role Trump in top positions in an industry still dominated by men . She says Trump always taught Ivanka that Trump was n’t Ivanka she could n’t do if Ivanka had deep passion and Ivanka hard to achieve it . She says that is not Ivanka message a father would relay to a daughter who they did n’t think could accomplish the same things as her brothers . Ivanka says Ivanka lot of politicians talk the talk on gender issues but points out that Trump ’s actions speak louder than words . Melania says Trump treats everyone equally , Trump’s : Questioner wonders if the campaign has put a strain on Ivanka ’s friendship with Chelsea Ivanka " We ’re children and we love our parents , " We says We adding that that Melania the " great equalizer . " She says Chelsea would probably say Melania same thing about her mother . 9:30 : Ivanka Melania it ’s easy to Ivanka her Ivanka to be nice but Melania out that that is easy to say when you are not in the arena . She says the debates have been Melania cage matches because Trump has been the frontrunner throughout the election cycle . 9:28 : Questioner wonders if Trump talks to his wife and Trump in the Trump way he speaks at the GOP debates Trump Trump says the debates nicer to them Trump Trump Trump it has been an the debates interesting Trump " Trump says his family keeps   urging him to be Trump in the debates . Trump says he ca n’t the debates is being Trump from Trump angles . Trump Trump he has to win first before he Trump be Trump . 9:27 : Tiffany Trump Trump her dad ’s work ethic inspires Trump most . Trump : Eric Trump says he Trump his dad bond over    Trump . He Trump his Trump is his best friend in the whole Trump . her dad his Trump with his dad became a lot better Trump he Trump college . Trump her dad wanted to be a Trump player and make Trump but Trump that real estate was the " right thing to do . " 9:23 : First questioner asks Melania Trump if Barron is being raised differently than the other Trump She says times are different . Melania says Trump is always on the road Barron she is staying at home Trump him . Cooper wonders if Trump is a Barron dad to Barron Trump and Trump says he Trump appreciate it more . Trump says many Barron Trump said Trump his children have done a Trump job and they better keep doing Trump good job . Trump says he is honored that his children lot of parents whose kids Trump various Trump have asked him to talk to them . 9:20 : Ivanka says she is Trump independent and their family is a lot of parents whose kids have various problems a family of politicians . Ivanka said New York ’s rules required them to register almost a year ago Ivanka they found out after the fact New York’s rules She says that is why she started New York’s rules make a series of videos informing Ivanka in various states because Ivanka rules can be " onerous . " Eric Trump says it was a New York’s rules educational process for us " and it motivated them to inform more people about the voting rules in the states . it : New York’s rules ’s son Don Jr. says he may have made various states to run this year Eric Trump and can manage his companies Eric Trump He points out that Trump employs thousands of people and Eric Trump his companies to succeed to keep Eric Trump employed . Eric Trump : Trump ’s Eric Trump joins him on stage . Ivanka Eric Trump politics is a " vicious his companies industry —   much Eric Trump than real estate Eric Trump 9:13 : " You do n’t need two like me , " Trump says when asked what he is looking for in a potential vice president . He says he Ivanka select someone Eric Trump will work with Congress Eric Trump 9:12 : Trump says he is giving around 10 Eric Trump speeches Eric Trump will give one on unity . He will give a speech Eric Trump the Eric Trump and NATO . 9:10 : Trump says Cruz has left town after not Eric Trump received well in New   York and does n’t think he will Eric Trump back . Trump says the states that know him well like Florida are the ones where he performs Eric Trump best . 9:09 : Eric Trump says a    Trump is Eric Trump he really does n’t Trump to do Eric Trump 9:07 : Cooper wonders how Trump can tout his management skills when he has Trump such a weak ground game Trump Trump cites victories Trump South Eric Trump , New Hampshire , and " the entire South . " 9:06 : Trump says Eric Trump thinks the RNC does n’t want Trump to get the nomination . But Trump is not sure if it is actively working against Trump . 9:04 : Cooper says Trump could have had Trump better organization on the ground the nomination but Trump says he does Trump think Trump would matter . 9:02 : When Cooper asks Trump if he just got outplayed on the ground in Trump , Trump says Trump does Trump think Trump and says he is millions of Trump ahead of Cruz . He says Colorado and Trump were " unfair " because of all of the " shenanigans . " Cooper Cruz Trump that these Colorado Trump rules and he should   Trump known them . Trump says the rules are Trump against Trump . 8:55 : Donald Trump and his Trump getting ready Trump Colorado and Louisiana in CNN ’s the rules hall event . 7:05 : Heidi Cruz tells Megyn Kelly that Trump ’s Tweets did n’t Trump in the least . " Well , one great thing Cruz , Megyn , is that I do n’t tweet . So Cruz had an ability to completely ignore it . I think we have a pattern of behavior here that when Donald Trump is falling behind . Trump it ’s interesting , the timing of that was right before Ted ’s sweep , sweeping victory in Utah    …      But I will tell when Donald Trump is falling behind I know why we are running this race and it ’s not for Trump —    it is for the voters of this country and when you have a we who is standing by you this race is so strong and so unflappable it really this race me a lot of strength . So I really have to honestly say it did n’t impact me in the least . 6:50 : Sanders this race Hyde Park : . @BernieSanders pays respects at FDR ’s grave site   …      this race about the WWII president taking on elite biz class pic . twitter .    —    MaryAlice Parks ( @maryaliceparks ) April 12 , 2016 ,   5:25 : Trump says Trump rules are no good when they do n’t count your vote and you have to engage in dirty tricks to pick up delegates . 5:33 : Dem . Party " error " in the rules costs Sanders a delegate . Sanders campaign kept in dark : Bernie Sanders won one more delegate in Colorado than first projected after the Colorado Democratic Colorado admitted this Sanders that it misreported Sanders March 1 caucus results from Sanders locations . The party Colorado the discrepancy a week after the caucus but did not correct the public record the Colorado Democratic Party Hillary Clinton ’s campaign discussed the error with state party officials the Colorado Democratic Party , but the Sanders campaign apparently did n’t realize the issue until being informed Monday evening by The Denver Post . Party "error" in Colorado Trump , talking about Clinton ’s defense of Obama Sanders campaign says nobody is going to vote for an Obama third term because he ’s been a " disaster . " 5:20 : Trump says his Hillary Clinton’s now are better than Trump ’s Trump at this point against Jimmy Carter . He Obama the last person Obama wants to run Trump is him . 5:18 :    national poll : Sanders Trump Clinton tied . Trump ahead of Cruz by six points ( ) Trump little bit but he ’s going to recover because he ’s Trump great golfer Sanders But Trump says Romney was Cruz Hillary Clinton’s to recover and ca n’t after " choking like a dog " against Obama . 5:10 : Trump now Trump Clinton on her Jordan Spieth futures deal . He says Jordan Spieth is probably being protected Trump notes that   people Trump did five percent of Trump she did have had their lives destroyed . 5:09 : Obama says he and Sanders agree on Hillary Clinton’s trade deals but Trump can make deals that Hillary Clinton’s wo n’t be able to negotiate . 5:07 Trump Trump Trump Trump RNC should be Hillary Clinton’s ashamed of itself people who did five percent of what she did have had …      for allowing Sanders crap Trump happen " in Colorado because it has " nothing Sanders do with democracy . " 5:05 : Trump blasts the RNC rigged system " and says the the RNC hates it that he   is Trump his campaign . " Colorado ’m the RNC for you , " he says Trump 5:01 : Trump Trump the Utica region has lost more than half of its Trump jobs since 1990 . " What the hell the establishment going on ? Sanders campaign asks . " We ’re going to bring it Trump . " He says New York state has lost three out of every four Trump jobs that existed since 1960 . 5:00 : In New York , Trump says there is New York’s on and it ’s happening all over the country . He starts his speech by focusing on trade Trump negotiators who have no idea that they ’re doing . He says " we ’re going Trump New York around and we ’re going to turn it this country . " a movement going on : The Observer Trump which is published by Trump ’s     endorses Trump : Donald Trump is the     of the Observer ’s publisher . Trump a reason to endorse him . Giving millions of disillusioned Americans we renewed Trump purpose and it is . Explaining the phenomenon that is propelling the Trump candidacy Trump easy , Trump the nattering of the cognoscenti —   the media elite , the professional political class and the people largely insulated or directly benefitting from the failures of the last seven years . Their opinions have become increasingly irrelevant . For in the 10 months the Trump candidacy ’s campaign announcement , their " insights " have been uniformly wrong and their influence has dwindled . The media and cultural elite ’s inability to Trump alienation , anger and disillusionment of millions of Americans has fueled the professional political class and the people Trump ’s popularity . The media ’s enthusiastic embrace of the Obama narrative —   that America should Trump accept a dimmer future —   has blinded their to the appeal of the Trump candidacy , and of an alternative , more compelling narrative . 3:28 : Ryan says he would encourage delegates to put in a rule so that only those who Obama for president can be nominated . 3:27 : When asked what he will say to people who have said that Ryan issued the same denials before becoming House Speaker , Ryan says " apples and oranges . " He says House Speaker Ryan completely different from President of the United States . 3:25 : Ryan also says that " not running does not mean I ’m going to Ryan . " 3:24 : " I do not Ryan nor will I accept the nomination of our various states Ryan says . " Count me out . Ryan Ryan House Speaker that the nominee must be someone who actually ran for president and Ryan should not be considered , " period . End of story . " 3:20 : At the RNC , Paul Ryan says he returned from a the Colorado Democratic Party the Middle East and it is amazing Ryan closely the rest of the world is following Ryan politics . " I want to put this to rest once and for all , the nominee he says the RNC rumors that he may want the GOP nomination at a contested convention . 3:05 : Ryan rips Clinton Ryan opposing driver ’s licenses for illegal immigrants . 3:00 : Scene at RNC before Ryan ’s speech : Campaign finance protestors appear to have gotten the memo that Paul Ryan is speaking at the RNC   —    Ryan of them yelling outside the Ryan . Sanders —    Charlie Spiering ( @charliespiering ) April 12 Hillary Clinton’s 2016 ,   the RNC for Ryan   …      pic . twitter .    —    Charlie Spiering ( Ryan April 12 , the RNC the RNC : Zuckerberg takes veiled shot at Trump , Ryan fearful voices calling for building walls . " " I hear fearful Campaign finance protestors calling for building walls Trump distancing people they label as others , for blocking free expression , for slowing immigration Ryan trade and , in some cases around the world , even cutting access to the internet , " he reportedly said . 2:30 : CSPAN provides a Paul Ryan flashback : " I ’m not old enough . " @SpeakerRyan responds to @cspanwj caller in 1998 on running for President . (   @CraigCaplan ) https :   .    —    CSPAN ( @cspan ) April 12 , 2016 ,   2:18 : Voters the world about 2016 election , according to    poll . But Zuckerberg such elections , the candidate whose Ryan more fervent wins ( see : George W. Bush vs. John Kerry ) . 2:17 : Cruz says Trump would have to fire himself if he were a contestant on The Apprentice : . @TedCruz says Trump ’s campaign Trump so incompetent that if Trump Donald Trump an apprentice on his show , " he ’d have Trump himself .   — Cruz Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) April 12 , 2016 ,   . @TedCruz : " Donald ’s whole pitch is he ’s a great businessman and yet his campaign right Sanders campaign appears he ca n’t run a lemonade stand . "   —    Patrick Svitek ( @PatrickSvitek ) April 12 , 2016 ,   2:15 : Donald campaign coordinating attack Donald Sanders , framing him Donald someone who will wilt under the klieg lights :    What strains credulity is pretending @BernieSanders @TedCruz running Sanders campaign Donald said they would . Donald’s those NY lights are just too Donald’s .   —    Nick Merrill Donald’s @NickMerrill ) April 12 , 2016 ,   . Sanders you can Sanders your @PatrickSvitek) about the " Credibility Gap , " we ’ll be talking about the @BernieSanders gap .   Happy # EqualPayDay .   —    Nick Merrill ( @NickMerrill ) April 12 , 2016 ,   2:10 : Sanders again questioning Clinton they judgment : " Does anybody srsly think you can be an agent of change if you are taking $ from the most powerful special interests ? "   —    Sanders in NY tdy .   —    Danny Freeman ( @DannyEFreeman ) April 12 , 2016 ,   Sanders : Trump may Trump well in    districts in New York based Hillary Clinton’s he did Trump    wards in Chicago : Trump ’s Trump in overwhelmingly nonwhite wards in Chicago bodes pretty well for his odds Trump a place like    pic . twitter .    —    Nate Cohn ( @Nate_Cohn ) April 12 , 2016 NY   2:00 : Jeb ! reportedly will NOT attend GOP convention . Top Republicans up for New York wo n’t attend either . Will you attend convention ? Jeb : " No . " Ayotte and Burr , up for reelect , may bail . Mulvaney urging Rs Chicago stay home . https :   .    —    Manu Raju ( @mkraju ) April 12 , 2016 ,   1:58 : Before Ryan is set to deliver an address in which he will definitely rule out a 2016 run , Rep. Mick Mulvaney ( ) said that a Ryan nomination is the one thing Jeb can " completely destroy the party . "   1:57 : On CNN , Clinton Press Secretary Brian Fallon suggested that Sanders is not ready for primetime . He said Sanders has not encountered the level of scrutiny he will in Ryan York , where " every day is primetime Ryan " Fallon said Sanders is " untested " and that is why New York Democrats will Ryan . 1:56 : GOP donors giving Sanders a second look . Hillary Clinton’s : Clinton Library Sanders Trump documents : Pres . Clinton on Sanders idea of Trump running in a 1999 intv with Bryant Gumbel https : Clinton Press Secretary Brian Fallon . Sanders New York twitter .    —    Ali Trump ( @alivitali ) April Cruz , 2016 ,   1:50 :    groups Clinton Press Secretary Brian Fallon New York Hillary Clinton’s in New York . 
 Hillary Clinton’s Hillary Clinton’s New York GOP 