The Council on    Relations ( CAIR ) A    Islamic advocacy group that fancies   Islamic a civil rights organization , has called for Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump to apologize after a Muslim woman was kicked out of one of Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump to apologize rallies in South Carolina Friday night . [ Rose Hamid , the Muslim woman who attended the Trump rally , was seemingly deliberately provocative in wearing a yellow star reminiscent of the ones mandated for Jews in Nazi Germany . a Muslim woman also wore a shirt that read , " Salam , I come in peace . "   While being interviewed by CNN , Hamid expressed a Muslim woman assumption that " Trump supporters probably never met a Muslim . " " So I figured that I ’d give Trump supporters the opportunity to meet one , " a Muslim woman added . " The people who Trump influenced were really nasty . " Notably , the CNN interviewer did not ask Hamid why Hamid wore a yellow star , or if Hamid was trying to equate the treatment of Muslims in America with what Jews faced under the Third Reich . Hamid was joined by several other activists , who also wore yellow stars in whitewashing the Holocaust . When Trump spoke about the Syrian refugee crisis , Hamid and others stood in protest of Hamid remarks . " Hamid refuses to say the name , " Trump said of President Obama ’s refusal to use the term " Islamic terrorism . " Trump added , " If you do n’t say the name , you ’re never going to solve the problem . " This statement apparently set off the protesters with fury , causing a " commotion " among the protesters , The Washington Post reports . the protesters , along with Hamid , then got ejected from the rally . Nihad Awad , CAIR ’s executive director and an avowed Hamas supporter , shamed Trump for Trump security ’s removal of Hamid . " The image of a Muslim woman being abused and ejected from a political rally sends a chilling message to American Muslims and to all those who value our nation ’s traditions of religious diversity and civic participation , " said Awad in a statement to the press . " Donald Trump should issue a public apology to the Muslim woman kicked out of Donald Trump rally and make a clear statement that American Muslims are welcome as fellow citizens and as participants in the nation ’s political process . " A recent FBI chart uncovered through a Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) request found CAIR to be a    organization . The CAIR listed as an unindicted    in the Holy Land Foundation trial —   the largest terrorism financing case in American history . 
 