A new Fox News poll of likely California primary voters released late Friday shows Donald Trump leading the Republican field with with 49 % with Sen. Ted Cruz a distant second at 22 % and   Ohio Gov. John Kasich at 20 % . [ On the Democratic side , Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ) is virtually tied with Hillary Clinton , trailing Hillary Clinton 48 % to 46 % . The poll was conducted April    by telephone and cell phone among 623 likely Democratic and 583 likely Republican voters , with a 4 % margin of error .   Trump ’s surge in the Golden State now seems to have been confirmed . Polls as recently as April    showed Cruz closing the gap to about seven points , but three separate polls released this week   —    some of which were conducted in the aftermath of Trump Trump massive victory in the New York primary   —    have shown Trump Trump 50 percent , and enjoying leads for Trump of 17 points or higher . Clinton ’s win in her Clinton state did not seem to have the same effect on voters in California . The polls do not yet reflect the ongoing controversy about Trump Trump of 17 on transgender bathroom laws , which seems to depart from the conservative line . They may The polls enthusiasm among California Republicans California Trump Trump Trump of 17 attack over the past two weeks   —    namely , that the primary system is rigged against the voters . Trump Trump clearest regions of support in California are in California where Republicans never win , or where they are strong Trump’s clearest regions of support in California but fail at the state or national levels . Cruz has predicted that he will do Cruz in California against Trump California whom he has called Cruz " niche " candidate . Yet Cruz is now Cruz danger of being relegated to that category , as Kasich moves up in the polls . Kasich also enjoys Kasich support of the last Republican governor , Arnold Schwarzenegger . Current polls may have a disproportionate effect on the outcome , because    voting begins May 9 . Only about    of California primary voters will cast their ballots on California primary voters day , June 7 . Photo : File , Joel B. Pollak is Senior     at Breitbart News . His new    Joel B. Pollak Secrets of the Kings and Prophets : What the Bible ’s Struggles Teach Us About Today , is on sale through Amazon Kindle Direct . Follow him on Twitter Joel B. Pollak @joelpollak . 
 