Breitbart editor Milo Yiannopoulos has collaborated with gay photographer Lucian Wintrich in a new photoshoot that will appear as part of Wintrich ’s iconic " Twinks for Trump " series . [ The photoshoot , named " # DaddyWillSaveUs " is currently in The photoshoot, named "#DaddyWillSaveUs" crowdfunding stage . Wintrich hopes to raise $ 22 , 500 in donations for the exhibition over the next month .    Wintrich will then be exhibited at an upcoming New York art show , where Milo will be in attendance , and is set to be Wintrich ’s next Twinks for Trump exhibition , after Trump original photographs were displayed at Yiannopoulos’ " Gays for Trump " party during the Republican National Convention in July .      Wintrich , a prominent gay conservative , has faced significant backlash since becoming politically involved , and has even received death threats from fellow homosexuals for Trump work . In August , Wintrich was suspended from Facebook before being reinstated in what Facebook claimed to be an " error " and Wintrich even lost Wintrich job last month after Milo praised Wintrich and Wintrich work in a column titled " How Donald Trump Made It Cool To Be Gay Again " . " Many gay people are afraid of coming out as a Donald Trump supporter , or a conservative , and some have even claimed it to be a harder feat than coming out as a homosexual " wrote Milo in the story . " Thanks to his sublime Twinks for Donald Trump photoshoot , Lucian lost 60 Facebook friends , faced numerous threats from fellow fags , and even received a temporary 72 hours suspension from Facebook " his continued . " The media also treated his like some kind of gay Judas , expelled by the other disciples from the cool    club for selling out homos in exchange for 30 feet of wall . As boring as gay culture now is , at least it ’s still cliquish and catty . " Milo ’s Dangerous Faggot tour , which is currently travelling across the country , continues September 19th at the University of Houston in Houston , Texas . Milo wears silk peacock dressing gown by New   Lingwood , $ 1 , 350 burgundy crushed velvet " Albert " slippers by Crockett   Jones , $ 250 navy     wool suit by Gieves   Hawkes , $ 2 , 995 shirt by Calvin Klein , $ 200 . 
 