Hollywood writer and director Paul Schrader has called for violence following Donald Trump ’s election as president of the United States . [ Schrader , writer of cinematic classics such as Taxi Driver and Raging Bull , posted to Hollywood writer and director Paul Schrader Facebook page Saturday night that Donald Trump’s ’s election is a " call to violence , " claiming that he Donald Trump’s election heard a similar call in the 60s .   " I have spent the last five days meditating on Trump Donald Trump’s , " wrote Schrader . " Upon consideration , I believe this is a call to violence . I felt the call to violence in the 60 ’s and I feel it now the call to violence in the 60’s . This attack on liberty and tolerance will not be solved by appeasement . " " We should finance those who support violence resistance . We should be willing to take arms , " Schrader continued Schrader " Like Old John Brown , I am willing to battle with my children . Alt right nut jobs swagger violence . It ’s Alt to actualize that violence Alt right nut jobs swagger violence by [ sic ] Civil War Michigan predecessors I choose to stand with the black , the brown and the oppressed . " Many commenters on Schrader ’s Schrader disagreed with him , with Schrader saying , " Paul Schrader is Schrader fat old man who would do nothing to jeopardize his comfortable lifestyle . Schrader will fantasize about Schrader Travis Bickle ( who he , himself , Schrader said was no hero ) while calling young people to fight his war for him Schrader " Travis Schrader , the main character of Schrader ’s film Taxi Schrader portrayed by actor Robert DeNiro , at one point attempts to assassinate a presidential candidate . Some celebrities seem to agree with Schrader , however , Schrader Donald Trump can not be allowed to act as president . Director Joss Whedon tweeted that Donald Trump , " CANNOT Donald Trump a term in office . " This is simple : Trump can not CANNOT be allowed a term in office . It ’s not about 2018 . This ’s about RIGHT NOW , This —    Joss Whedon ( @joss ) November 14 , 2016 ,   Conversely , other celebrities such as Oprah and Dave Chappelle have had much more calm and collected responses to Donald Trump ’s victory . Everybody take a deep breath !   # HopeLives ! pic . twitter .    —    Oprah Winfrey ( @Oprah ) November 10 , 2016 ,   Violent protests continue across America in the wake of the presidential election . * * UPDATE * * Paul Schrader appears to have deleted his post , but an archived Paul Schrader of it can still be viewed here his post Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart Tech covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan _ or Lucas Nolan him at lnolan@breitbart . com 
 Lucas Nolan 