Lloyd Grove at the Daily Beast clutches pearls for the victims of mean tweets from Breitbart News fans —   the first of whom the site has never mentioned in any negative way . " Seventeen million readers revel in Breitbart News ’s    slipstream of angry populism , featuring an      message , " Lloyd Grove opens . " Is it stoking up dangerous hatred ? " [ From the Daily Beast :   Conservative essayist Bethany S. Mandel , who has been awash in a deluge of social media abuse since she began denouncing Donald Trump , finally purchased a handgun over the weekend .    …      She she especially tangled with Breitbart News , the      Web site —   named for its late founder , culture warrior Andrew Breitbart —   that regularly savages the GOP establishment , the media elite , the Washington consultant class , and the Fox News Channel , which it its to portray as the willing enabler of all these sinister forces .    …      It is entirely predictable that , among other news outlets —   including The Drudge Report , The New York Times and The Washington Post —   the Twitter feeds of Mandel ’s    assailants often include links to stories on Breitbart News , and even to audio clips from Breitbart News Daily , the SiriusXM satellite radio program hosted by Breitbart executive chairman Stephen K. Bannon and Breitbart Breitbart News in chief Alex Marlow .    " Trumpbart " by detractors , the outlet claims 17 million readers , and is widely seen as a credulous purveyor of Trump ’s angry populist ,      message , and as an enthusiastic booster of the reality show billionaire ’s candidacy .    …      Mandel has disregarded the recent warning of a Trump fan Trump the Twitter handle @ . " Never fuck with Breitbart . Ever , " @   cautioned . This pseudonymous tweeter had earlier answered Mandel ’s Mandel   " I never received so many    tweets since Trump ’s Trump Not even when I tweeted about Israel during wars " —   with the vow : " Ai n’t seen nothing yet . " Both Bannon and Marlow disown such malevolence . " It has nothing to do with Breitbart —   we do n’t direct people on social media , " Marlow tells The Daily Marlow . " I think this is more about what it ’s like in the Twitterverse . It ’s toxic the it we talk to one we in that place . " Bannon , meanwhile , Bannon the notion that his news site is Bannon the ugliness " absurd . " But , he adds , " Bannon a guy comes after our audience —   starts calling    people vulgarians and brownshirts and Nazis and    —   we ’re going to our a mark . We ’re not shy our it at all . We ’ve got some our that like to mix it up . " it …      Florida Republican political consultant Rick Wilson , an ardent supporter of Rubio —   whom Breitbart ’s writers continually portray as a liar who favors amnesty for illegals —   has become a favorite Breitbart target since Trump Breitbart rise in public opinion polls . During a confrontational CNN appearance opposite Breitbart ’s Marlow in Breitbart’s Wilson derided the news site as Trump ’s " Pravda " Trump’s referred to Trump fans as "   Trump’s . " The next day , Bannon used his radio show to essentially Bannon war on the Rubio backer . He referred to Wilson as Bannon a Republican Wilson consultant [ who ] viciously attacked the grass roots . " The bald , bespectacled Wilson , who has written for The Daily Beast , quickly became a Breitbart whipping boy in a series of articles that variously described him as " Republican establishment Bannon " and "   " ( Breitbart columnist John Nolte ’s epithet is a reference to the slimy ,    character in Lord of the Rings . ) . " It was a planned deployment , " Wilson says . " After I criticized Breitbart and criticized Trump , Breitbart decided they were going I criticized Breitbart and criticized Trump weaponize I criticized Breitbart and criticized Trump and go after me I criticized Breitbart and criticized Trump " Around the same time , Wilson says , strange and Wilson incidents began befalling him and members of his Wilson . Internal emails Wilson by The Daily Beast indicate that Bannon and Breitbart ’s Boyle worked to Breitbart a comprehensive list of Wilson ’s political clients ( Wilson intention of making them feel uncomfortable about hiring him Bannon and Breitbart Wilson believes ) . Bannon … Wilson Trump campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks did n’t respond to a detailed email requesting comment , though Trump acolyte Roger Stone , a longtime operative famous for his hardball tactics , speculates that Trump trouble Wilson has experienced " is probably Wilson handiwork of overzealous and misguided supporters of Trump . The idea that Trump Trump or his people would Trump this is Trump . They have bigger fish to fry Trump himself or his people would do this When you go on social media and say controversial things , you ’re going to have consequences . If you ca n’t take the heat , get out of the kitchen . " In an interview , Bannon claimed zero knowledge of the misery allegedly being visited upon Wilson and his family , but Breitbart ’s Bannon , Kurt Bardella , wrote in a    email : " Bannon wanted to make sure you Bannon and had in the story that the direction on Rick Wilson came from him specifically Wilson Bannon revels Bannon what he likes Bannon call a Fight Bannon ethos . A Breitbart insider , who spoke on condition Breitbart anonymity , says that " they ’re the kind of people who A Breitbart insider, who spoke on condition of anonymity if you accidentally brushed against their shopping cart in the supermarket , A Breitbart insider, who spoke on condition of anonymity response is to burn down your A Breitbart insider, who spoke on condition of anonymity . " Read the rest of the story here . 
 