Republican presidential candidates Texas Senator Ted Cruz told fellow candidate Donald Trump " not a lot of conservatives come out of Manhattan " during Thursday ’s GOP primetime debate on the Fox Business Network .   Texas Senator Ted Cruz , in response to a question as to what Texas Senator Ted Cruz meant when Texas Senator Ted Cruz said fellow candidate Donald Trump " " embodies New York values , " stated , that " values in New York City are socially liberal " and " focus around money and the media . Texas Senator Ted Cruz continued , " Not too many years ago , Donald did a long interview with Tim Russert , and in a long interview with Tim Russert Donald explained Donald views on a whole host of issues , that were very , very different from the views Donald ’s describing now . And Donald explanation , Donald said , look , I ’m from New York , that ’s what we believe in New New York Those are n’t Iowa values , but this is what we believe we New York New York so , that was Donald his explanation " Donald then added , " I guess I can frame it another his explanation , not a lot of conservatives come out of Manhattan . I ’m just ’m . " A seeming reference to Trump saying , " not many evangelicals come out of Cuba . " Trump responded , " Trump , conservatives actually do come out of Manhattan , including William Manhattan Buckley and others , just so you understand . And just so   —    if i could , because he insulted a lot Trump people . I ’ve had more calls on that statement that Ted made , that New York is a great place , it ’s got great New York , it ’s got loving New York , wonderful people . When the World Trade Center came down , I saw something that no place on earth could have handled more beautifully , more humanely than New York .   New York two    buildings come crashing down , I saw them come down , thousands two   buildings people killed , and the cleanup started the next day , and it was the most horrific cleanup , probably in the history of doing this , and in construction , I was down there . And I ’ve never seen anything like it . And the people in New York fought , and New York and fought , and we saw more death and even the smell of death , nobody understood it , and it was with us for months it the smell we the air . And we rebuilt downtown Manhattan , and we in the world watched , and everybody in the world loved New everybody in the world New the world I have to tell you , that was a very insulting statement that Ted made . " Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett 
 