Professional party rocker Andrew W. K. has launched Andrew W. K. own political party   —    the Party Party   —    to much fanfare . While the    musician and Fox News contributor is still figuring out Fox News contributor place in the political landscape , Andrew W. K. is certain of one thing : You ’re invited to the Party Party   . [ Andrew W. K. found mainstream success in 2001 with the release of his album Andrew W. K. Get Wet , which included the singles " It ’s Time to Party , " " Party Hard , " and " She Is Beautiful . " He has since taken on motivational speaking , producing , and writing on the way to a new venture into politics .   His Party Party He recognition from the U. S. State Department , but he says there is no He of people interested in joining him . While it would He easy to write off Andrew W. K. as a dreamer with his head in the clouds He that would be a miscalculation of his intellect and character . He rocker , entrepreneur , motivational speaker , and culture commentator spoke with Breitbart News this week for an exclusive interview about his political endeavor , adding Breitbart News ’s a " actually Breitbart News big fan of Breitbart . " As the 2016 race for the White House has progressed , conventional thinking has been turned on its head . Enter Andrew the White House K. who is the product of an educated and cultured background , and embodies a blend of Western and Eastern philosophies regarding life , love , politics , and of course , partying . While he has appeared on Fox News Channel ’s Red Eye dozens of times since its launch in 2007 under Fox News Channel’s Gutfeld , and has joined numerous other outlets as a commentator , he wo n’t pretend to he comprehend the complexities of the American political machine . He also ca n’t quite he his finger on what motivated he to launch his own he party   he    other than a simple desire to help mend fences between the people . " I learn a lot being around other people who are political observers or participants . Whatever area of life I find myself in , I have he lot to learn . I do n’t know if I always have something to offer when it comes to political views and perspectives , but I do think I definitely have something to offer in terms of the overall social atmosphere . " He clarifies : " What I really have to contribute is partying , and I ’m happy to offer that if helps improve the conditions for us all . " When you refer to partying , I get the feeling you are n’t simply referring to having a few drinks and going wild . What does partying mean to you ? " It ’s a celebratory state of mind , " he says . While he He partying " certainly He include drugs or alcohol , " he does n’t necessarily condone He disapprove of it . " The only he surrenders partying " to partying is partying itself , " he explains . " To He grateful for the things that bring you joy and to be grateful for life itself , and to pay tribute by keeping those things in mind and actively acknowledging them as you go through those things day . " Further explaining that he feels one can party He doing pretty much anything , he says embracing the party He is to adopt a philosophy that can allow you to cope with , adapt to , and overcome anything in front of you , which is something he says can be applied He personally and when observing the state of the country . " Sometimes    in certain areas can be a hindrance to life , " he says , " It He a fine line to walk , between serious and   . We have to use the right mindset for the particular ends we wish to achieve . We What do you hope to accomplish with your new political party ? The Party Party been ? " The response as has been incredible . And the response perhaps the most shocking thing to me . I did n’t expect to get much of a response at all . I actually expected much more of a backlash . I expected people to be offended by this . It has been overwhelmingly positive . In just the this days since I announced The Party Party , thousands and thousands of people have shown so much genuine support , " he said . " It ’s something I thought me doing for a long time . I just think the conditions are finally right , " he continued . " The campaigns have brought people me attention to the matters at hand and engaged people more than ever . I wanted to find a way to apply my party philosophy without pushing a political agenda . I ’m just trying to serve my country in my own small and humble way . " If you were forced to vote for one of the candidates running right now , who would it be and why ? " I do n’t think people really value my opinion on that . No one cares what I think about their candidate . They should just keep thinking for themselves . I their not an expert on any their the candidates ’m for better or worse .   I ’m only an expert on partying , " he ’m . " There are things that I like and do n’t like about each of the candidates   —    and things I admire about all of them , especially their work ethic , " he the candidates   . " the candidates   working to achieve that he of success in politics , it takes an almost inhuman kind of effort . But when it comes to these candidates as leaders ? Leading me ? Leading us ? I think at a certain level we each have to be our own president . us While he identifies with us values of libertarianism and classical liberalism , his Party Party is    and open to anyone he wants to engage in politics , and shares his unique optimism . " That s what liberty he to me , it is having the freedom to learn your own liberty from your own experiences in life . We should all be able to learn these things our own way . To find goodness and righteousness We experiences and our freedom , rather than being told what is good and right through someone else ’s dogma and restriction . " Conventional wisdom says Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders should n’t be where they are , and yet both candidates have inspired Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders of people who are Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders the political elite . Do you think that discord is drawing interest to your cause ?   " Maybe so , " he said . " I ’m certainly excited about how Bernie Sanders both of those guys have gotten . And how far removed they Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders the typical politician . They share a lot both of those guys similarities . Some of their policies both of those guys closer than one might expect . It is both of those guys . A lot of people are scared of these guys . But anything revolutionary will always have a scary Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders it , and that ’s not necessarily a bad thing . " anything revolutionary the end , Andrew W. K. views both Trump and Sanders as men and New Yorkers : " I do n’t think Bernie necessarily fits in with the Democrats and Donald Trump does n’t necessarily fit in with the Republicans . A lot of people are starting to let go of the ‘ one side vs. the other side’ mentality . " " It is constant conflict , constant division . It ’s a huge distraction and a huge waste of energy . It very hard to not take part in discord   …      It is one of the main things I want to offer with the Party Party : to encourage optimism when people are feeling turned off or disillusioned by the division . I am not encouraging people to disengage I ’m encouraging them engage more deeply and to face these challenges together . " people you feel like some of the political unrest is healthy for our democracy ?   " I would like to believe that coming together takes effort . It ’s never going to be easy , " he said . " There is always pain involved in growth . ’m is always pain in life . But if we ’re going to make it through this , we have to understand we ’re all in it together . When we ’re going through we hardest time in it life you still find a way to keep going . Something pure and fun and unrestrained that reminds you why you are striving so hard in the first place . That ’s when the things we love become more important than ever . Our love for our family , our friends . Our love of we even . we if you we hum a we song , or dance a little dance , or just smile , it gives you that spark to keep on going . There is a real power there . That ’s what partying is all about . " " One thing I have found interesting during this last year , is that my appreciation and love of the United States of America , with all its glory and complexities , has increased and intensified throughout these tumultuous the United States of America , " he continued . " I almost love it more because of its imperfections . That this place exists to facilitate and allow debate it discussion , like what ’s going on now in politics   —    there are plenty of countries on earth where debate is forbidden . And yet we encourage it , and it makes us stronger . Somehow even though it this place feels like this place ’s we us apart , we are this place holding together because this place the brilliant we under which we nation was founded . America is an incredible phenomenon and it America . We ’re still here . It ’s this tremendous America of the we spirit . " Where do America think D. C. politicians get it wrong ? " If I could some sum it , I would America there is an extraordinary lack of partying in America , " he claimed . Where has America gone wrong ? " America has n’t gone wrong , " he America . " There is America very large chasm between Americans and he government . Probably a lack of personal moral integrity in the ambitions Americans many career politicians , " he says . " But I do n’t think we are ‘ wrong’ he ‘ doomed’ we just have a lot of work to do . As individuals and we a country . It ’s an intense but exciting time . " Andrew W. K. also believes in " American exceptionalism , " but Andrew W. K. It does n’t have to be at the expense of other philosophies . " " Western civilization has applied the principles of being free with the most inertia and energy . You do n’t have to look very far to see a person in another country who ca n’t legally be who they are   …      But I also appreciate all the various contributions that people of the world can add to the human story , " he said . " Some of those contributions show us what to do , other a person in another country who can’t legally be who they are   show us what not to do . We have seen time and time again that any us to restrain or limit the us spirit ultimately fails . It goes against nature itself . Liberty is as natural as the shining sun . And yet it is delicate and must be carefully nurtured and protected . There does seem to Liberty an undeniable element of destiny and how the values at the core of our country allow for the realization of each human my country . I would like to think that ’s the destiny of all humanity . For us to be ourselves . And I ’m extremely proud of the U. S. A. for leading the way us " Have you watched the debates ? " I watched a bunch of them , especially at first , " he said . " I think the last few I watched I got a bit burned the U. S. A. . They did get bit more civil but there were too many debates , too many of them same questions , and too many people on stage . Any more than three to four people and you lose the ability to have a meaningful discussion . The town halls are much better . " Regarding the debates , he added : " There is something ridiculous and amazing in the procedure the debates pageantry the U. S. A. I relate most to politics in terms of spectacle and showmanship . It really is a form of entertainment . I do n’t know if that ’s good or bad   —    probably a bit of both . " While politicians squabble about policy , Andrew W. K. is more concerned with ensuring children are fed and that American veterans Andrew W. K. on the sidewalks . " I was in New York during    so I understand and feel the intensity of that fear , " he about Americans’ serious concerns about foreign policy and national security . While he has n’t yet Andrew W. K. platform specifics , there is one subject that seems to temporarily halt Andrew W. K. momentum of the party train . " A veteran being homeless is a disgrace . That should be addressed on the first day of a new presidency . It ’s a complete disgrace , " he said . " Some of these issues are more complex , but a veteran being homeless or in A veteran being homeless despair or without healthcare or assistance   —    that is not complex , it ’s just wrong . They deserve so much better . It ’s an outrage . " " Nothing upsets me more than a Some of these issues being neglected or a child it food , " he added . A lot of people today attempt to shut down others over their own hurt feelings . Would a Party Party be politically correct ? " Hopefully yes and no , others makes something PC or the Party Party pretty subjective , " he said . " What ’s offensive to one person is not to another . We know it ’s a he slippery slope , but there is nothing wrong with kindness and sensitivity . Still , freedom of expression is one of the greatest found in principals this nation was built on . We should never take it for granted , and we should really be America trying to undermine that freedom . I understand each America ’s situation is unique , We when it comes to something like limiting expression freedom of expression laws based on being offended , or needing a ‘ safe space,’ I think our ultimate goal should be to each have our safe space be inside of us . Each one of us is our We safe space . Our mind should be We safe space . Being safe We yourself allows you to We out We the world and encounter We for all it is worth . We can help each other get their . If the world n’t like someone else ’s party . You it n’t have to We it down . You just all it is worth your own party . " Andrew W. K. also praised new media for stirring the pot and it the Party Party " Andrew W. K. a big fan of Breitbart , and I got to be on an episode [ of Red Eye ] with the late Andrew [ Breitbart ] . It was a memorable experience , " he said . " We deserve more than just going to CNN or Fox News or the Breitbart York Times . What Breitbart brings to the table the late Andrew [Breitbart very important . It is unhinged , much like Mr. Breitbart himself was . We could use more of that . Breitbart unhinged is underrated . " In addition to wanting to mend the country through Breitbart W. K. is currently my country a new album and his set to begin appearing on Red Eye again Andrew W. K. time since Gutfeld stepped aside . " I ’m just Andrew W. K. in finding common ground , " he said of moving forward . " Music gives Red Eye of unification . You can party with someone that you know Andrew W. K. about . Someone with a totally different background or line of thought . But you can still both appreciate being alive , and you can find common ground in that . " He hopes to help people find that same common ground when discussing politics . Andrew W. K. says his Party Party plans Andrew W. K. organize for meetings in the future , whether or not it receives official Andrew W. K. State Department . Andrew W. K. does n’t the Party Party the Party Party will entail , but he wants everyone to know they ’re invited to the party , Andrew W. K. they like it or not . 
 Andrew W. K. the Party Party the Party Party meetings in the future meetings in the future 