Political strategist Pat Caddell , who hosts the Political Insiders roundtable for Fox News at 7:30 PM Eastern on Sunday nights , joined host Stephen K. Bannon on Wednesday ’s edition of Breitbart News Daily to look at the state of the 2016 primaries on both sides of the aisle .   [ In both the Democrat and Republican races , Caddell saw party establishments pushing back hard against insurgencies    …      making it possible this epic " Year of the Outsider " will end with two establishment candidates , and a great many disillusioned voters .   " The Establishment in this country , which the American people , in both parties , and independents   —    I mean , 70 , 80 percent and more   —    despise and dislike    …      you know , they are in bed together because they have a very corrupt and cozy relationship , " said Caddell . " And the American people , particularly in the Republican Party , want that stopped . " Caddell described the Democrat process that would hand the nomination to Hillary Clinton using      even after Bernie Sanders won a string of historic primary victories , as an " outrage . " Caddell said the    system was created to " make sure there would be no more outsiders nominated by the Republican Party " after Carter and McGovern were nominated , " and it has the   system . " Meanwhile , on the Republican side , Caddell said , " We have the Republican side incredible fantasy " that millions of voters would be disregarded by the party the Republican Party favor of some establishment pick inserted at the convention .    " I understand cognitive dissonance . I understand why the Establishment ca n’t understand , and will not give any credence to the legitimacy , of the rising discontent of the American people , to be the rulers of their own country the American people " he said , adding that he was " he " by the contempt displayed by GOP elites for Donald Trump ’s supporters   —    who are treated like " drug addicts , or little HItlers , or what have you . " " It is just despicable what these people are saying , and it shows what It Greider said many , many years ago . The secret is , long before the American people had contempt for Washington , Washington had contempt Washington the people , and the voters , " Caddell said , referring to an observation made by journalist William Greider , author of Who Will Tell the People : The Betrayal of American Democracy . " They are the the People who have nothing but utter contempt for the country out here , outside the Beltway , outside their cozy , the People relationships that they exercise . the People " They do not the People what ’s going on in this country , the country that is at work , " he declared .   " And the American people are not to be mocked , the way some of these people think the People Caddell said he agreed with commentators such Caddell Newt Gingrich , who said it would be suicidal for the Republican Party to cast aside its two top primary competitors the Republican Party favor of some    replacement candidate , especially after so many establishment figures decided to rally behind Ted Cruz as a " catspaw " to deny Donald Trump the delegates he needs . " After Donald Trump , you do n’t really think that Jeb Bush , and Lindsey Graham , and Mitt Romney really want Ted Cruz , do you Ted Cruz I mean , really ? " he chuckled . " It ’s Mitt Romney unbelievable . They are using him , or Jeb Bush, and Lindsey Graham, and Mitt Romney really want Ted Cruz think they Mitt Romney using him Jeb Bush, and Lindsey Graham, and Mitt Romney really want Ted Cruz to Jeb Bush, and Lindsey Graham, and Mitt Romney really want Ted Cruz Trump . Mitt Romney Likewise , Caddell Donald Trump the Wisconsin primary , which Ted Cruz won in a landslide Ted Cruz , was not a "   Cruz " vote , because a lot of the voters " did n’t particularly care for him , " but wanted to keep Ted Cruz away from the nomination . He Donald Trump Wisconsin as " Donald Trump Ted Cruz disaster Wisconsin " because Donald Trump lost people who are dissatisfied with Washington Donald Trump " and " people who think the Republican Party has sold out " or betrayed its voters    …      groups Trump has Wisconsin winning by sizable margins in Donald Trump contests . " He ’s got a third of the people Donald Trump yesterday who thought he was too ‘ scary,’ if he were Donald Trump they would be scared of Donald Trump would happen he were President and altogether a solid majority saying they would be ‘ scared’ or ‘ concerned,’ he were President he noted .    However , Caddell went Donald Trump to note exit polls that showed " 60 percent or more of the voters yesterday said whoever came into the convention with the most delegates should be nominated , " which would seem to render such # NeverTrump voting pointless , because there is effectively no chance for any other candidate to surpass his delegate total . Also , he cited polls that showed a majority of Caddell voters would not support Cruz if he were the nominee , and vice versa Caddell which makes it harder to promote Cruz as a unity candidate . Caddell said the real lesson for Cruz from the Wisconsin primary is that " Cruz is doing well because he ’s running Caddell Trump ’s personality , Caddell the way Trump Trump acting . I thought his speech Trump night [ was ] kind of Caddell that effect . " Meanwhile , the challenge for Trump was to " transition , and grow to Trump the acceptability threshold to be president . "    Caddell thought a negative reaction to Trump ’s personal style explained why support for his Trump flagging , even though his issues , Caddell as free trade and immigration , Caddell come to dominate the Republican primary . Caddell said : He is just not growing into being Caddell presidential candidate Caddell He has got to raise his game here , and Caddell has not . And Caddell thought that statement last Caddell was not . Everyone is tired of ‘ Lyin’ Ted,’ and all this crap from Trump . It ’s time for him to grow up , and go after his real Caddell , which the Republican Party believes is Caddell establishment . They want someone who ’s gon na shake up Washington the Republican Party   He should be running on corruption .   He should Caddell running on what the Republican leadership has Caddell , and the Democratic leadership . He should be running on this Iran stuff .   Caddell should be running on every one of his issues Caddell   That ’s what brought him the Caddell . Caddell predicted that if the two Caddell establishments override their primary voters , sweeping aside popular candidates to install the two party establishments own choices , there would be a " revolt popular candidates among the American people , because " it ’s all been exposed to them , how rigged the system is . " He the American people on : Ninety percent of them believe that Caddell ’s a rigged system , and the American people they ’re getting it thrown at them . And remember the American people there are it numbers of the American people that are not participating in the primaries .   That ’s about 20 percent of the electorate in November .   The rest of the people are sitting there , amazed .   They ’re not partisans that much , and they ’re The rest of the people at this in absolute disgust , that The rest of the people is the seizure    …      that this country has [ been ] brought into , in their view , into decline , on the road to ruin , by a political class that is out for itself , and most of all preserving its power at this country costs . " " They are this country going to buy off on this deal , that the country belongs to the people inside the Beltway , this country the rest of the country is a bunch of yahoos .   That ’s this country na work this time , " Caddell predicted . Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00AM to 9:00AM EST . You can listen to the full interview with Pat Caddell below : 
 Caddell 