Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos gave a speech tonight at Auburn University titled , " How Feminism Hurts Women . " During the QA following the event Milo invited a supportive university faculty member on stage to discuss leftist campus culture . [   " Hi Milo , I ’m faculty " said the professor to the Dangerous Faggot , " I ’m electrical engineering and everybody is behind you I promise you in my department . " " Well hi ! " said Milo , " I feel sorry for you guys ! I do ! Because you guys are the ones that are having yknow , free intellectual critique threatened " " It ’s the other side Milo , we ’re hard engineering and science , we we not subject to that , now stay on topic " replied the professor to laughter from the audience as he the professor dragged on stage by Milo to address the room , " Before I say any of this , I do not represent Auburn University administration and I wanna make sure you do n’t take anything out of context so I get fired , having said this , this guy the professor " the professor gestures the professor Milo " My wife told me about him , I thought the professor what do you mean a gay guy supporting Trump , you ’re outta your mind’ I watched this guy on YouTube the professor ’s so much better the professor public and in person , when you ’re here watching him , I mean really the professor could be a standup comic you are outstanding ! " " I often wondered about that hair , " said the professor to which Milo Milo " oh no , it is mine , your hair though also seems to defy gravity ! You said you were the engineering department , you ’ve done something , there ’s some sort of architecture holding it up ! " The the engineering department member also asked MILO about his Twitter ban Milo " The faculty member there some Twitter petition we can get together ? Because everyone wants you on Twitter ! Everyone wants you on Twitter ! " to which Twitter replies " I do n’t want it ! I do n’t want it back ! " The it question the electrical engineering professor asks Milo is , " How Milo we bring England back ? I ’ll turn it over to you . " " Well thank you very much , thank you for that " said Milo leading a round of applause , " We have an opportunity with we with the UK leaving England to do something interesting that is inspired by you guys ! I mean we sort of invented you we then we forgot all the lessons we learned that we put we making America we That it was really important to stick to freedom , freedom of speech , free expression , property rights , capitalism , all of these things created the best society . It ’s the best system . " MILO is wearing Team Trump Watch MILO by Rowdy Republicans ( $ 60 ) .   Watch MILO ’s full speech at Auburn below . 
 