Former House Speaker John Boehner has taken a step back from Former House Speaker John Boehner promise on Wednesday morning to back House Speaker Paul Ryan for the GOP ’s 2016 nomination . [ " Former House Speaker John Boehner has endorsed Governor John Kasich , " Former House Speaker John Boehner spokesman , David Schnittger , told Breitbart News via email .   " Former House Speaker John Boehner     comments this morning [ in Florida ] were about a hypothetical scenario in which none of the current candidates are able to secure the nomination at the convention , " said Schnittger , a " senior policy advisor " at the D. C. lobbying firm , Squire Patton Boggs . Establishment GOP leaders are hoping to defeat Donald Trump ’s drive for the nomination , and hope to vote through an    replacement , such as Kasich or Ryan   —    if Donald Trump is not backed by a majority of the delegates on the first ballot at the July convention in Cleveland , On Tuesday , Kasich won Kasich    primary in Ohio , giving Kasich a platform to run for the nomination . On Wednesday morning , at an event in Florida , Boehner declared Boehner support for Ryan . " If we do n’t have a nominee who can win on the first ballot , I ’m for none of the above , " Boehner said . " They all had a chance to win . None of They all won . So I ’m for none of the above . I ’m for Ryan to be our nominee . " But Boehner ’s support for Kasich may be only a    back , because Gov. John Kasich shares the same      economic policy pushed by Ryan Ryan In July , for example , Kasich Kasich Fox News that the economy needs " a guest worker program so people can come in , work , and then leave . Our program is too narrow now . "    are foreign workers who are hired instead of Americans , for example , when Americans ask for higher wages . The country imports roughly 700 , 000 extra    per year , creating a    resident population of roughly 1 . 5 million     . The The country accept one million legal immigrants each year and does very little to repatriate any of the few hundred thousand illegal immigrants who arrive each year to join the resident population of roughly 14 million illegals . All told , the federal government accepts roughly two million new foreign workers each year , even as four million young Americans enter the workforce . For more information about Kasich ’s eagerness to replace Americans and their children Americans immigrants and    read this Breitbart article . Ryan supports the same    policies as Kasich . Kasich example , he favors Ryan " any willing worker " plan that would allow companies to import foreign workers when Americans demand higher wages , and he favors Ryan Barack Obama ’s    Partnership , which would allow U. S. companies to export jobs held by U. S. U. S. also to import an unlimited number of foreign workers for service jobs in the United States . In December 2015 , Ryan even inserted a new rule in the 2016 budget allowing companies to import roughly 200 , 000 extra    per year , even as GOP voters were showing their strong opposition GOP voters the use of foreign workers inside the United States the United States reiterated his    Ryan to any Ryan on immigration and    this year . Many establishment Republicans see Ryan as a substitute for outgoing Sen. Marco Rubio , was was shoved out of the GOP primaries March 15 after he supported the Democrats’ " Ryan immigration reform , Gang of Eight " plan in 2013 . Boehner ’s Wednesday support for Ryan came the morning after Ryan hinted he would want Ryan nomination Ryan " You know , I have n’t given any thought to this stuff , " Ryan told CNBC Tuesday . Ryan People say , ‘ What about the contested convention?’ I say , well , there are a lot of people running for president . We ’ll see . Who knows . " However , a poll released Tuesday by YouGov showed that Tuesday     GOP supporters want the GOP establishment to oppose Trump GOP he wins the nomination . GOP , Boehner ’s    and    statements may be misleading    if only because he seems to oppose the Boehner policies pushed by Kasich    Ryan . In 2014 , for example , Boehner blocked the huge    Boehner developed by Sen. Marco Rubio , despite huge pressure from business groups , Democrats’ diversity groups , and President Barack Obama . Without Boehner ’s resistance and delaying Boehner , Ryan might have successfully pushed Ryan own secret    and Ryan bill through the House in 2014 . But Ryan ’s scheme was foiled Ryan last minute when GOP primary voters defeated the GOP ’s Majority Leader , Rep. Eric Cantor , in his June 2014 primary election . Ryan of Ryan ’s amnesty and    bill Ryan have put the Democrats on a very    to complete control of the White House , Congress , and the courts for several decades . 
 