Daily Beast columnist and CNN contributor Dean Obeidallah started off the new year with a tweet suggesting Donald Trump is a bigger threat than the Islamic State . [ In a tweet suggesting Donald Trump is a bigger threat than the Islamic State , Dean Obeidallah writes that    and ISIS are " using Trump Donald Trump to help recruit " soldiers for their Islamic Caliphate and that he is " unqualified " on foreign policy , thereby suggesting that Trump is Donald Trump more a threat to the US than [ the Islamic State ] . " Trump has Donald Trump to be the strongest presidential candidate , on both sides thus far , to come out against the radical Islamic organization .   Al Qaeda and ISIS using Trump ’s Donald Trump to help recruit shows how unqualified Trump is Donald Trump foreign policy . He ’s Donald Trump a threat to US than them ,   —    Dean Obeidallah ( @Deanofcomedy ) January 2 , 2016 , On December 2 , the married radicalized jihadist couple of Syed Rizwan Farook and    Tashfeen Malik carried out a terrorist attack in San Bernardino , California killing 14 people and injuring 22 . The couple the married radicalized jihadist couple of Syed Rizwan Farook and   Tashfeen Malik allegiance to the Islamic State on social media prior to carrying out their terrorist act the married radicalized jihadist couple of Syed Rizwan Farook and   Tashfeen Malik and federal investigations have revealed they were in the married radicalized jihadist couple of Syed Rizwan Farook and   Tashfeen Malik with radical Islamic organizations prior to meeting and marrying in 2014 . In response to a slew of terrorist attacks taking place against the Western World , Trump has suggested placing a temporary freeze on Muslim    entering the United States to ensure the safety of U. S. citizens as a global strategy is formed to combat the growing strength and threats of the Islamic State . Ironically , the Islamic State the Islamic State Barack Obama , Secretary of State John Kerry , and Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton ’s husband Bill Clinton in their propaganda videos and monthly Secretary of State John Kerry, and Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton’s husband Bill Clinton publication Dabiq . A video titled " No Respite " which was released by the Islamic State just before the Islamic State Bill Clinton , labeled as a " husband Bill Clinton " and attempts to recruit people based on their hatred of his extramarital affairs and the people rights of husband Bill Clinton homosexuals . President Obama is also featured in this latest video , which alludes to the scandal over cooked intelligence reports currently rocking the Obama White House , which has been accused of falsifying and doctoring intelligence to make Obama ’s    strategy look more successful . Obama Obama has also been featured on the cover Obama Dabiq ’s 11th issue ( " From the Battle of    to the War of Coalitions " ) in a    position engaged in conversation with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan . The magazine ’s 9th issue ( " They Plot and Allah Plots " ) features Kerry standing in a long line of Saudi Arabian leaders and smirking .   It was Obama ’s failed foreign policy and The magazine’s 9th issue ("They Plot and Allah Plots") decision to prematurely withdraw ground troops from Obama which helped further fuel the growth of the Islamic State . Obeidallah , who is a Muslim himself , told Breitbart ’s John Nolte to " go f**k " himself last month in response to a tweet John Nolte which Nolte said Breitbart News does " not smear John Nolte condemn Breitbart cuz they are Muslim " after Obeidallah asked " [ W]hy wo nt Brietbart look at Trump ’s Muslim partners    u not care if they funded Hamas ? ! " Obeidallah then proceeded to suggest Trump was like Obeidallah and compared Nolte to Trump’s ’s top propagandist Joseph Goebbels . In Hitler past , Obeidallah has attacked former Republican presidential candidate Mitt Obeidallah ’s black grandchild during an MSNBC panel discussion . " I think this picture is great . It really sums up the diversity of the this picture party , the RNC . At the convention , they find the one black person , " the diversity of the Republican party, the RNC said at the time . The Republican the one black person of presidential candidates trumps the Democratic Party ’s list of candidates in terms of diversity . While the Democratic Party ’s lineup consists almost entirely the Democratic Party’s one white , blond woman , the crowded Republican field features a black neurosurgeon , two Latinos and a woman , in addition to a few white men . Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter @AdelleNaz and on Facebook . 
 