WASHINGTON   —    The most powerful and ambitious    Congress in 20 years will convene Tuesday , with plans to leave   Congress mark on virtually every facet of American life   —    refashioning the country ’s social safety net , wiping out scores of labor and environmental regulations and unraveling some of the most significant policy prescriptions put forward by the Obama administration . Even before    Donald J. Trump is sworn in on Jan. 20 , giving Even before    party full control of the government , Republicans plan quick action on several of Republicans top priorities   —    most notably a measure to clear a path for the Affordable Care Act ’s repeal . Perhaps the first thing that will happen in the new Congress is the push for deregulation . Also up early : filling a    Supreme Court seat , which is sure to set off a pitched showdown , and starting confirmation hearings for Mr. Trump ’s cabinet nominees . " It ’s a big job to actually have responsibility and produce results , " said Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the majority leader . " And we intend to do It . " But as Republicans plan to reserve the first 100 days of Congress for Republicans more partisan goals , Democrats are preparing roadblocks . Democrats ’s brutal    wounds have been salted by evidence of Russian election interference , Mr. Trump ’s       picks and his Mr. Trump Twitter posts . ( On Saturday , he Mr. Trump New Year ’s wishes " to all , " including " those who have fought me and lost so badly they just do n’t know what to do . ") Obstacles will also come from Republicans , who are divided on how to proceed with the health care law and a pledge to rewrite the tax code . Some are also skittish about certain policy proposals , like vast changes to Medicare , that could prove unpopular among the broad electorate . And any burst of legislative action will come only if Congress can break free of its Congress tendency toward gridlock . For Republicans , the path to this moment has been long and transparently paved   —    the House in particular has signaled the Republican policy vision through bills it the Republican policy vision been passing for years . But many of those measures have gathered dust in the Senate or been doused in veto ink . The cleft between the two chambers recalls the situation faced by the insurgent House Republican majority in the   . Speaker Newt Gingrich took control with a determined agenda , only to be stymied by the Senate majority leader , Bob Dole , who stacked conservative House bills like so many fire logs in the back of the Senate chamber . " They the Senate majority leader, Bob Dole, who stacked conservative House bills like so many fire logs in the back of the Senate chamber been given a golden opportunity here , " said Trent Mr. Lott " But I have watched over the years when one party has had control of the White House and the Senate and the House , and the danger is overplaying your the White House " If you go too far , like what happened with Obamacare , and you get no support at all from the other side , you have a problem , " Mr. Lott continued . " You have to find a way to work with people across the aisle who will work with you . " The tax overhaul and an infrastructure bill may be two opportunities for bipartisan cooperation the Senate Finance Committee is already moving in that direction . Still , both of those issues are expected to remain on the back burner , despite promises to the contrary from Mr. Trump ’s chief of staff , Reince Priebus . The Senate may be narrowly divided , but among the the Senate Finance Committee in the Democratic caucus are 10 who will stand for    in two years in states that voted for Mr. Trump . Republicans are counting on their support , at least some of the time . But Republicans many issues , Senate Democrats   —    including their new leader , Chuck the Senate Finance Committee of New York   — Democrats are expected to pivot from postelection carping to active thwarting , using complex Senate procedures and political messaging to slow or perhaps block elements the Senate Finance Committee Mr. Trump ’s agenda . " After campaigning on a promise to help the middle class ,    Trump ’s postelection actions suggest he intends to do the exact Mr. Trump’s after he ’s sworn Mr. Trump’s , " said Senator Patty Murray , Mr. Trump’s of Washington . " Democrats will do everything we can to fight back if he continues to pursue an Democrats prioritizing billionaires and big corporations Mr. Trump’s devastating    families and the economy . " Republicans have chafed for years at a host of rules , many    that President Obama has issued through the regulatory process , and they have been advising the Trump team on which ones should Republicans undone . " I hear probably more about the strangulation of regulations on business and their growth and their development than probably anything else , " business House speaker business Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin , said at a recent forum . " I think if we can provide regulatory relief right away , that can breathe a sigh of relief into the economy . " In late December , the Obama administration rolled out a major new environmental regulation intended to rein in    mining . That regulation , one of dozens that Mr. Trump is expected to reverse , is meant to go into effect one day before his inauguration . But Congress is likely to block it , Mr. Trump the obscure Congressional Review Act , which permits Congress to undo new regulations with only 51 Senate votes within the first 60 legislative days of the rules’ completion . Given time constraints on the Senate floor , members will have to pick some priorities . Senate are expected to train their sights on a rule that members oil and gas producers members reduce methane gases , another that requires mining and fossil fuel companies to disclose payments they have made to foreign governments to extract natural resources , mining and fossil fuel companies still others that restrict pesticide use . Republicans will also move quickly to repeal the Affordable Care Act . They plan to pass a truncated budget resolution for the remainder Republicans the fiscal year   —    already a quarter over   —    that includes special instructions ensuring that the final repeal legislation could circumvent any Democratic filibuster . But Republican leaders have not settled on a health care plan to replace Mr. Obama ’s , and they may delay the repeal measure ’s effective date for years Republican leaders The Senate the final repeal legislation Mr. Trump ’s cabinet picks , and Senate Democrats are already trying to slow the process . However , they can not do much more than that , because when they were Senate Democrats charge , they changed the rules so that presidential nominees Senate Democrats than Supreme Court picks Senate Democrats only 51 votes to be confirmed . Previously , such nominations could face a filibuster , which required 60 votes to overcome . Democratic leaders have encouraged members to avoid meeting with Mr. Trump ’s nominees until they have turned over their tax returns and made other disclosures . Republicans Democratic leaders been particularly upset Democratic leaders Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama , whom Mr. Trump picked quickly to be attorney general , has either not gotten Mr. Trump’s nominees Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee or had meetings canceled . Senator Dianne Feinstein of California postponed her meeting with Mr. Sessions until January because , she said , her schedule Senator Dianne Feinstein of California too busy . " The senator does n’t Senator Dianne Feinstein of California to rush Senator Dianne Feinstein of California " said her spokesman , Tom Senator Dianne Feinstein of California One reason that Democrats are in no hurry is Senator Dianne Feinstein of California bitterness over Mr. McConnell ’s refusal last year to hold a hearing on the Democrats Court nomination of Judge Merrick B. Garland . Lingering in the background is the specter of Russia . Democrats   —    and some Republicans , who are at odds with Mr. Trump on the issue and may at times be a brake on him   —    want a vigorous investigation of its efforts to disrupt the election Mr. Trump The Obama administration , which took sweeping steps    week to punish the Russians over election hacking , will release a report this month that is likely to serve as a turning point in those discussions . While Republicans may have a rare chance to open the flow of legislation , the party ’s leaders are acutely aware of the punishment that Americans have historically delivered in midterm elections when things have not gone well . " This is no time for hubris , " Mr. McConnell said . " You have to perform . " 
 