Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin , the 2008 GOP vice presidential nominee , made a surprise appearance to stump for Donald Trump at Donald Trump San Diego rally leading into Memorial Day weekend . Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin, the 2008 GOP vice presidential nominee slammed President Obama for " another U. S. apology lap " to Vietnam . [ The powerhouse conservative lauded Donald Trump and Donald Trump supporters from the stage at Donald Trump rally Friday afternoon for knocking down the GOP hierarchy , blazing a path to rebuild the Republican Party :   Donald Trump came roaring in through this primary , and Donald Trump blew the lid off the corrupted and corroded machine . Donald Trump was like a golden wrecking ball . Donald Trump wrecked what needed to be wrecked in order to shine light on the shenanigans , in order to allow us to rebuild because , see , Donald Trump builds things . Donald Trump builds big things . And with optimism and with common sense , Donald Trump solves problems . Palin said the typical politicos wo n’t " add value " to the opportunities around us like Donald Trump will : You know that tent that the GOP operatives have at least claimed for so long now that the GOP operatives really wanted to enlarge ? Yeah , nah , the GOP operatives did n’t really want to enlarge it because the GOP operatives ’re really freaked out now that we all came in and demolished the GOP operatives    tent . their   tent , we all demolished it with new Republicans and their   tent smart Democrats and with your garden variety , everyday pissed off Americans . Trump has " truly enlarged the tent , " said their   tent She accused the " politicos " Palin wanting to make Trump supporters feel stupid for their Trump of the    GOP Trump supporters and for wanting government accountability . " No , do n’t ever feel stupid , " she said . " If you Palin do , just remember , stupid is : some people are actually going to vote for the ‘ crooked’ one . " Palin was referring to Democratic presidential Palin Hillary Clinton whom Trump has nicknamed " Crooked Hillary Trump " Palin referred to President Barack Obama Palin trip to Vietnam leading into Memorial Day : Stupid is thinking that it is okay on Memorial Day weekend for the Democrat " leader " to take another U. S. apology lap . This time , dissing our vets with claims that the greatest generation perhaps were perpetuating the evil of World War II ? No , [ stupid is ] our      suggesting , actually lying our in suggestions to the world that we were wrong to prove that we would eradicate evil in World we II , that America World War II respond to unprovoked deadly attacks on Pearl Harbor that killed thousands of Americans , that our troops were wrong to end a war we we did n’t start . No , our we today overseas suggesting what ? That we were wrong to prolong the horrors that we troops , our POWs , our MIAs we and their own civilian , our own civilian rapes and massacres and those their marches that they were all   …     Stupid is their that warped view by supporting today ’s candidates doing anything about it , to stop it . No , stupid is supporting   it     this week in Hiroshima instead of Pearl Harbor to memorialize the Americans who lost their lives in defense of freedom . Obama ’s recent trips to places , including communist dictatorship Cuba , Saudi Arabia , and now Hiroshima , Japan , and Vietnam have been Hiroshima trips dubbed his world apology tour . " The only Obama , though , that I hate more than fighting a war would be losing a war , so I want a president who wants to win . I want a president who knows how to win , " said Palin . " I want a president who inherently knows it weakens us showing up Memorial Day weekend even , no , instead of showing up somewhere to promise , ‘ Hey , you mess with the innocent , you pick a fight with America , you steal our security , you spin on our freedom us we ’ll put a boot us your ass us ’s the American way . ’ " The crowd interspersed chants of " Trump " and " USA " during Palin ’s speech . Amongst the sea of rallygoers were signs promoting veterans for Trump . Palin spoke of the Gadsden flag and the Palin snake displayed on it , " willing to strike . " the Gadsden flag said of Obama ’s talk of world Palin being rattled by Trump ’s words , " Rattling , it Trump good thing . It makes Donald Trump ’s foreign policy very clear it It Trump like [ former President ] Ronald Reagan it . That ’s : We win . Donald Trump’s That is the Trump doctrine . " She thanked the    crowd as Trump America ’s last , best hope " and instructed them to " be like Trump and stand tall and proud and the   crowd . Be Trump Trump and do n’t back down . Be that happy Trump . " " If you prefer Jefferson ’s dangerous freedom over peaceful slavery over a corrupt and overpowering government today , then you fight for that freedom , and you will Make America Great Again . " Palin posted several photos of herself , America Todd , and two of their children , Piper Palin Trig , gathered with Trump at the rally : Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana . 
 