Sunday on CNN ’s " State of the Union , " while commenting on a reports that said Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump possibly reversed course on some of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump immigration policy at a Saturday meeting with Hispanic leaders in New York , Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said nothing was said that differs from what Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said previously .   Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said , " So what Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said in the a Saturday meeting with Hispanic leaders in New York very little from what he said Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway including in his convention Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway last month in Cleveland . We need a fair and humane way of dealing with what is estimated to be about 11 million illegal immigrants in this country . That was part of the discussion and it was robust . I have seen him animated Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway meetings like this where he is Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway and taking notes and asking questions and receiving information . The rest of the conversation was about job creation and economic revitalization and the fact that small business growth among Hispanic and Latino Americans is on the rise . We talk about the inability to get access to capital and home ownership and religion and family being important . It was a very long and far reaching conversation . But nothing was said that differs from what Trump said previously . " When asked if Trump wants Trump " deportation force , " Conway said , " when you go back to his speech Conway what he supports Conway to enforce the law and we are respectful of those Americans who are looking for well paying jobs and we are we and humane for those who live among us in we country the United States the weeks unfold , he will Conway out the specifics of that plan that he would Conway as president of the United States .   Pressed on the deportation force Conway said , " To be determined . " 
 