HOUSTON , Texas   —    Calling Donald Trump insincere on Donald Trump pledges regarding immigration reform , Texas Ted Cruz demanded that Donald Trump " release the tape , " referring to the New York Times interview . Texas Ted Cruz came out to speak to a packed house at the Redneck Country Club in Southwest Houston and declared victory in both Texas and Oklahoma and delivered his " morning in America " speech . [ The hometown crowd of more than 1500 faithful came out to support The hometown crowd of more than 1500 faithful favorite son in their favorite son victories in Texas and Oklahoma . Cruz was introduced to The hometown crowd of more than 1500 faithful by Texas Lt . Governor Dan Patrick who heads his Texas Lt campaign .   Cruz Cruz his Texas Lt by thanking the Texas audience . " God Bless the Lone Star State , and God Bless the great state of Oklahoma . " The Texas Lt that " tonight , the voters have spoken . " He called Texas Lt his fellow Texas Lt to drop out and let him take Texas Lt Trump by himself . Texas Lt said Texas Lt campaign Texas Lt the only campaign that " has beaten and will beat Donald Trump Trump " He has Texas Lt beat Trump in three Trump . He urged Texas Lt candidates who have not yet won a state , or who have not yet won a significant number of delegates to drop out and join him on Texas Lt stage . " Head to head , our campaign beats his campaign resoundingly Trump The Texas Texas Lt to talk about his record as a Texas Lt conservative who has defended the Constitution . He said Trump will Texas Lt expand Obamacare into Trump medicine . " He returned to his Texas Lt promises for Texas Lt first day in Texas Lt and then blasted Trump for " funding the Gang Trump 8 . " The senator then laid Texas Lt series of his differences with Mr. Trump Texas Lt " I will never Trump religious liberty . " He pledged to support the Texas Lt Amendment and to " stand unapologetically with the nation of Israel . " " Donald Trump has been part of the Washington Trump 40 years , " Cruz alleged . He said Trump is not sincere about his position Trump immigration Trump " Donald , release Trump tape , " referring to the New York Times recorded interview . Bob Price is a senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas and a member of the original Breitbart Texas team . He is also a Life Member of Texas NRA . Bob Price him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX . 
 Bob Price 