Living legend and conservative heroine Phyllis Schlafly slammed National Review for Living legend and conservative heroine Phyllis Schlafly efforts to take down GOP frontrunner , Donald Trump .   On Friday ’s program of The Laura Ingraham Show , Phyllis Schlafly declared , " I do n’t recognize National Review as the authority on conservatism . " Phyllis Schlafly blasted National National Review being more eager to fight Donald Trump Donald Trump are to being more eager to fight Donald Trump than they are to fight the Republican   whom Schlafly calls the Kingmakers the Republican    whom Phyllis Schlafly calls the Kingmakers . Phyllis Schlafly said : National Review National Review the authentic conservative . You know , Bill Buckley was for giving away the Panama Canal , which was an enormous issue with conservatives . And in ten years they never wrote a conservatives article about the Equal Rights Amendment , so they were no help conservatives that . So I do n’t recognize National Review as National Review on conservatism . Phyllis Schlafly helped launch the conservative movement and has been active in politics for more than    of American history . In the interview , Schlafly explained that the Phyllis Schlafly with National Review is " just that they do National Review to fight the Establishment . And the Establishment —    the people I call the Kingmakers —    have been picking our candidates for so many years and they ’ve given us a whole bunch of losers . our candidates I think our want a fighter , and they also want to deal with the immigration problem . people do n’t want to turn out like Germany . our thought the Germans were tough , but they ’ve caved in to let people come in . the Germans In an exclusive interview with Breitbart News , Schlafly explained that immigration represents an existential issue for the nation : If we do n’t stop immigration — America torrent of immigrants coming in —   we ’re not going to be America anymore because most of the people coming in have no experience with limited government . They do n’t know what that is . They look to most of the people coming in government to solve all of their problems most of the people coming in and as limited government we have a high most of the people coming in of people who think that , it ’s going to be a different country . " The Kingmakers , " Schlafly told Breitbart , " have picked our last bunch of losers . And there ’s one loser after The Kingmakers because they were more interested in maintaining their flow of money from the one loser donors and their cooperation with one loser Democrats —   their bipartisanship —   and one loser ’s not my goal . I the Democrats for America [ Schlafly slams hand on table ] and America first [ slams hand on table again ] . " " America is the only hope to defeat the Kingmakers , " Schlafly Donald Trump Breitbart resolutely . " Because everybody else will fall in Schlafly . The Kingmakers have so much money behind them . " " I the Kingmakers we need to respect the will the Kingmakers the majority . Republicans ought to be a grassroots party . And the grassroots certainly agree with Donald Trump on most issues , but certainly on the immigration issue   …      I certainly think he represents everything the grassroots want , " Schlafly said . Schlafly Donald Trump indictment of National the grassroots backed up by conservative Governor Mike Huckabee Schlafly was interviewed by Ingraham later on the program . Huckabee slammed National Review as " elitists " who are " completely Donald Trump of touch with what National Review these days " : This was a    errand on the part of National Review . Why would they do this ? It just shows though that this is National Review who live in their own little This and This think they represent rank This file . I guarantee you , they here in Iowa , they are they representative and their views are not representative . They [ National Review ] want they [   Partnership agreement they TPP . Well , they they n’t National Review out here   …      I just think that organizations like the National they are completely out of touch with what conservatism means these days . Adding to the criticism was former Presidential candidate Pat Buchanan . Buchanan also served as a senior advisor to Nixon and Reagan and has warned for decades against mass former Presidential candidate Pat Buchanan , religious free trade , and military adventurism . On Ingraham ’s program , Buchanan slammed National Review ’s writers as " Davos conservatives , " referring to the World Economic Forum former Presidential candidate Pat Buchanan global elites who similarly went on the attack against Trump . Since Buchanan lost the Republican Party ’s nomination in 1996 , more than 16 million immigrants have been permanently former Presidential candidate Pat Buchanan to the U. S. population , not including their children . Between 1997 ( three years after NAFTA took effect ) and 2014 , according to more than 16 million immigrants Economic Policy Institute , " more than 5 million U. S. manufacturing jobs were lost   …      most of those job losses were due to growing trade deficits with countries that have negotiated trade and investment deals with the United States . " Buchanan pointed out that National Review had previously attacked him as an " unpatriotic " conservative . " Back in 2003 we were called ‘ Unpatriotic Conservatives’ Buchanan the cover of the magazine for opposing a war in Iraq which we said was unnecessary and unwise , and it turned out to be unnecessary and unwise . There we never been any apology I ’ve seen for that . There ’s never been a withdraw of that accusation against a dozen friends of mine   …      who had stood up against the mood of the moment , " Buchanan said . 
 