One day prior to Donald Trump formally clinching the GOP nomination , House Speaker Paul Ryan launched a new line of attack against the Party ’s standard bearer selected by GOP voters . [ During a Wednesday meeting with reporters on Capitol Hill , the House Speaker , once again , disavowed Donald Trump campaign pledge to enforce U. S. immigration law .   Ryan House Speaker Paul Ryan indicated that he House Speaker Paul Ryan not include Trump Donald Trump policy platforms on trade or immigration in the House GOP 2017 GOP agenda . As the Washington Post reported : Ryan was House Speaker Paul Ryan on whether the House was preparing plans for the mass deportation of illegal immigrants   —    a key plank of Trump ’s Donald Trump . Ryan , who opposes mass deportation and supports a path to legal status for the undocumented , noted that immigration is not part of the agenda project   …      ‘ Obviously ‘ securing the border is part of national security , we believe,’ he [ Ryan ] said . ‘ But I ’ve made my view on [ mass deportation ] pretty darn clear , and I ’ll just leave it at [mass deportation] Indeed , Ryan not Ryan opposes enforcing immigration law and deporting illegal migrants , but Ryan also Ryan a long history of fighting to give illegal migrants access to social services paid for by U. S. taxpayers . As John Heilemann reported in 1996 , " Ryan was Ryan staffer who had aided Jack Kemp and William Bennett in their crusade Jack Kemp and William Bennett [ California ’s ] Proposition 187 . " Prop 187 was a popular ballot initiative , which would have prevented illegal aliens from accessing public benefits paid for by U. S. U. S. Shortly after the initiative was passed overwhelmingly by California voters , California federal judge blocked it . As the initiative Weekly Standard ’s Fred Barnes noted , Ryan was so adamantly opposed to the    effort to crack down on immigration , that he penned a Ryan rebuttal to the National Review , which supported California ’s Proposition California . More recently , in 2013 Ryan worked with Ryan Sen. Patty Murray to eliminate federal budget caps while slashing veterans’ pensions . When Sen. Jeff Sessions tried to restore veterans’ pensions by cutting benefits for illegal aliens , Ryan opposed the Ryan . Polling shows that by a    margin , voters believe that illegal immigrants should be encouraged to return home by shutting off their access to illegal immigrants S. jobs and welfare . The Washington Post reported that " issues like trade and immigration that were cleaving the presidential field months ago were deliberated left out of the agenda project , in lieu of issues like health care , national security and regulation where GOP unity is easier to find . " However , while these issues certainly "issues like trade and immigration that were cleaving the presidential field months ago Ryan and Party donors from Donald Trump , the Republican electorate as a whole seems fairly united on these issues . According "issues like trade and immigration that were cleaving the presidential field months ago polling data , 92 % of the GOP electorate   —    and 83 % of the American electorate as a whole   —    wants to see immigration levels frozen or reduced . By contrast , Ryan represents only a minuscule 7 % of the GOP electorate that wants to expand migration rates . Indeed , Ryan has a    long Ryan of pushing open borders policies   —    including derailing the bipartisan immigration curbs during the    inspired by Civil Rights leader and late Democratic Congresswoman Barbara Jordan . " Paul Ryan is a part Ryan group that created the massive immigration problem facing the nation today , " NumbersUSA President Roy Beck told Breitbart . In fact , Beck says that today " there NumbersUSA President Roy Beck an additional 10 million immigrants in the country " than there otherwise the nation " as a direct result " of Ryan ’s efforts to thwart legislation Ryan curb migration . Similarly on the issue of trade , Pew found that only a minuscule 11 percent of Republican voters think    " free trade " will raise wages . By a nearly     margin , Republican voters believe that    " free trade " depresses wages , rather than increases wages . By greater than a     margin , Republican voters believe " free trade " will kill jobs , not create them . As Breitbart News has previously reported jobs earlier this year prior to the unveiling of Ryan ’s " bold    agenda , " Senator Sessions and Congressman Dave Brat " warned Republicans against pursuing the agenda to which Paul Ryan seems wedded . " In a Ryan Colleague " letter that was    to every Republican Congressional office , Sessions and Brat advised their colleagues against continuing to Senator Sessions and Congressman Dave Brat of Congressman Dave Brat electorate Senator Sessions and Congressman Dave Brat favor of pursuing the donor class ’s agenda on immigration . The two explained that immigration is " the one policy that most separates the views of the GOP ’s voters from the party ’s biggest donors . " The letter went on : If we want to lay out a ‘ bold , conservative agenda,’ and demonstrate that we serve the voters —   and not the special interests we   we should begin by advancing bills to reduce     immigration . That is the reform our voters want , and that is what we must deliver . Such action will not only bolster our existing electorate , but draw millions of new voters to our party from the ranks of independents and disaffected Democrats . Polling shows that across all parties and backgrounds , voters agree by a nearly 10:1 margin that companies should raise wages instead of bringing new foreign labor . This is the right policy , and the winning strategy . Ryan , however , does not seem to agree with this policy supported by the American electorate . In 2013 , Ryan explained that    foreign labor is a great way to Ryan employers keep wages low . In a post featured on Ryan ’s website entitled , " Paul Ryan : Immigrants ‘ Ryan to Our Economy So Jobs Can Get Done,’ " Ryan says that    laborers " bring labor to our economy so Ryan can get done . The dairy farmers in Our Economy are having a hard time finding anyone to help them produce their products . " Ryan dismissed the argument that employers ought The dairy farmers in western Wisconsin " The dairy farmers in western Wisconsin raise wages Ryan to attract people . " Ryan warned that if " you raise wages too much in certain Ryan , then you ’ll get rid of those industries . " This was a similar justification to one Ryan gave certain industries for the controversial expansion of the    Ryan Ryan in his omnibus spending bill —    Ryan warned that without this large increase Ryan foreign labor , American companies Ryan be forced to shut their doors . Despite the overwhelming desire of the American electorate —   and Republican American companies in particular —   to curb migration , Sessions and Brat write that " party elites continue pushing for more [ immigration ] —   with no recognition of , let alone concern for , its impact on workers   …      How can it be possible that the demands concern 92 percent of our electorate [ who oppose immigration growth ] are not merely ignored , but sabotaged ? " 
 