Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton told Fox News’ Chris Wallace that Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is " really proud " of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton family ’s charity the Clinton Foundation   —    after spending the past week hiding    existence from viewers of the Democratic National Convention . [ The glaring contradiction prompted a video comparison , which you can watch above .   Chris Wallace , in an exclusive    interview , asked Clinton about allegations first made in Clinton Cash , the book and now    novel , that Clinton used the     charity for international "   " deals while Clinton served as Secretary of State . Author and Breitbart News Senior     Peter Schweizer says that Clinton Foundation donors were on the receiving end of corrupt deals approved by Hillary ’s State Department   —    including the sale of U. S. uranium to Russia and a rare , lucrative mining permit in Haiti . Clinton retorted that Clinton is " really proud of the Clinton Foundation , " yet not a single speaker at the DNC last week   —    not even Bill or Chelsea Clinton   —    mentioned the Foundation or its spinoffs such as the Clinton Global Initiative . A dramatic documentary clip on Hillary ’s record of service , narrated by acclaimed actor Morgan Freeman , failed to mention the Clinton Foundation or the Clinton Foundation work around the world . The omission left A dramatic documentary clip on Hillary’s record of service, narrated by acclaimed actor Morgan Freeman feeling oddly scant , as only two    appeared on camera with stories to praise Clinton ’s record from over 40 years in political life .   This week , news broke that the IRS is investigating the Clinton Foundation . Earlier this month , FBI Director James Comey would not confirm or deny whether the the IRS is investigating the Clinton Foundation Just days later the Clinton Foundation Globe and Mail reported that " The Canadian affiliate of the Clinton Foundation is spending an astounding 78 percent of the Clinton Foundation raises on administrative costs . " Read the transcript of Wallace The Canadian affiliate of the Clinton Foundation Clinton ’s exchange : WALLACE :   Let ’s talk about the Clinton Foundation and allegations Wallace     the argument , the allegation the Clinton Foundation and foreign countries either donated big money to the foundation , or paid your husband for big money for speeches in order the Clinton Foundation your work as secretary of state .   In the first 12 years after he left the White House , President Clinton made 13 speeches for which he got $ 500 , 000 or more .   Eleven of those 13 were President Clinton you were secretary of state , and they were all paid for by foreign interests . Are we to believe that ’s Eleven of those 13 a coincidence ? CLINTON :   Well , there ’s no truth to any of these allegations . President Clinton CROSSTALK ) WALLACE :   Well , I mean , it is true that they gave   —    that they did make these speeches .   They are all ( ph ) by foreign they , and he was getting much they speaking fees . CLINTON :   He got   —    he gave speeches as soon as he CLINTON:   House all he way up until the he year , and he spoke he over the world , as well as throughout America , to all kinds of he . But let ’s get to the nut of your question .   I ’m really proud of the Clinton Foundation .   I am proud of the work that it does .   Thanks to the Clinton Foundation , 9 million more people in our world the Clinton Foundation access to    drugs because the Clinton Foundation that made them affordable . And the world absolutely no connection between anything that I did as 9 million more people in our world of state and the 9 million more people in our world Foundation .   So , people can say that , but I ’m proud of our philanthropic work the Clinton Foundation philanthropic work , the work of the Clinton Foundation . I ’d like to see Donald our ’s tax returns our find out how much philanthropy he ’s the Clinton Foundation 
 Donald Trump 