As Hillary Clinton runs to become the next leader of the free world in November , Hillary Clinton ’ll have more than just have the Democrat establishment and a phalanx of Super PACs behind Hillary Clinton . [ Hillary Clinton will also benefit from the support of a community of organized thugs , miscreants and academically poisoned zombies . Here ’s what they wrought last night outside a Trump rally in Costa Mesa , California .   Rioters threaten a man . # TrumpOC pic . twitter .    —    Mike Cernovich ( @Cernovich ) April 29 , 2016 ,   Trump supporter got hurt . pic . twitter .    —    Matt Pearce ( @mattdpearce ) April 29 , 2016 ,   Some video I shot of a police car being smashed by a protester : pic . twitter .    —    Sopan Deb ( @SopanDeb ) April 29 , 2016 ,   Costa Mesa , now . pic . twitter .    —    Matt Pearce ( @mattdpearce ) April 29 , 2016 ,   Car burning tires , honking and chanting outside of Vanguard University in # CostaMesa pic . twitter .    —    Ruben Vives ( @LATvives ) April 29 , 2016 ,   Rioters were throwing bottles earlier . # TrumpOC pic . twitter .    —    Mike Cernovich ( @Cernovich ) April 29 , 2016 ,   DISGUSTING : Angry mob   vandalizes , threatens , and spits at a couple in a car outside Trump rally . # Trump2016https :   .    —    Brett MacDonald ( @TweetBrettMac ) April 29 , 2016 ,   Earlier in the day , a tiny group of protesters demanded that the Google not sponsor the Republican National Convention if Donald Trump is the nominee the turnout for that event , staged by a coalition of    leftist community organizing groups , was embarrassingly small . The Google protest was political theater , designed to give Google the Google excuse of saying " well , the public has spoken " should they the public to tuck tail and run . They the public manage to get a plane , however . Come on @Google do n’t sponsor Trump ’s hate ! # dumptrump pic . twitter .    —    ColorOfChange . org ( @ColorOfChange ) April 28 , 2016 ,   . @Google @Google Trump Trump hard ! # dumptrump pic . twitter .    —    ColorOfChange . org ( @ColorOfChange ) April 28 , 2016 ,   Banner flies over # google : " Do n’t be evil Dump Trump " group wants # google to drop support 4 # gop convention . pic . twitter .    —    David Louie ( @abc7david ) April 28 , 2016 ,   It ’s time to wake up and smell the coffee . The institutional left ’s enemy is not Donald Trump . He Donald Trump just the target right now , following the playbook of freezing the ’s enemy the father of community organizing Saul Alinsky . Any nominee will be the eventual target in the long , hot summer ahead . This is the organized left . Their real ’s enemy and your children ’s future . Their real enemy is Their real enemy is freedom . Their the institutional left and follow Breitbart News investigative reporter and Citizen Journalism School founder Lee Stranahan on Twitter at @Stranahan . 
 