A Socialist Councilwoman has called for the disruption of the inauguration of    Donald J. Trump at a protest in Seattle tonight . [ KIRO 7 reported that Kshama Sawant , a    Socialist and Seattle A Socialist Councilwoman , called for protesters at Westlake Park to shut down   Donald J. Trump ’s presidential inauguration . Chants of " Shut it down " spread throughout the crowd as the Kshama Sawant, a   Socialist and Seattle Councilwoman, called for protesters at Westlake Park to shut down Donald Trump atop a raised platform echoing the call through a megaphone .    # BREAKING : # Seattle Seattle @cmkshama calls on protesters to shut down @realDonaldTrump ’s Inauguration Day . https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    KIRO 7 ( @KIRO7Seattle ) November 10 , 2016 ,   Sawant announced the protest earlier on Wednesday at Seattle City Hall saying , " I appeal to you , [ Wednesday ] at 4 o’clock , at Westlake [ Park ] let ’s have a massive protest , and tell America we do America accept a racist agenda , " Sawant said Sawant " And let ’s make ’s on Inauguration Day    …      let ’s do ’s nationwide shutdown . " Approximately 2500 people clicked " attending " on a Facebook page organizing the Seattle protest , gathering in the downtown park at 4:30 p. m. before marching through the streets an hour later . The protests Facebook page event description reads , " The Democratic Party has proven they are The Democratic Party of stopping Trump . The Democratic The Democratic Party . This is the result of the Democratic Party leadership backing Hillary Clinton instead of Bernie Sanders . It is time to build a new party of the 99 % . " # BREAKING : Hundreds of    protesters are marching through downtown # Seattle .   https :   .   pic . twitter .    —    KIRO 7 ( @KIRO7Seattle ) November 10 , 2016 ,   The protest in Seattle is ongoing as Seattle 8:30 p. m. EST . However , crowd numbers have massively dwindled .   Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart Tech covering issues of free speech and online censorship . Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan Lucas Nolan or email him at lnolan@breitbart . Lucas Nolan 
 