Muslims living in America need to alert the government when Muslims living in America see " hatred , " Donald Trump told a Muslim woman invited to the second presidential debate to ask a question about " Islamophobia " among Americans . [ " Whether we like it or not , and we could be very politically correct , but whether we like it or not , there is a problem , " Donald Trump told the woman . " And we have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when Muslims see something going on . When Muslims see hatred going on , Muslims have to report it , " Donald Trump said .   The questioner did not refer to Americans being killed in terror attacks , but suggested that Muslims are indirect victims of the jihad attacks . " With Islamophobia on the rise , how will you help people like me deal with the consequences of being labeled as a threat to the country after the election is over ? " The questioner said .   There were no warnings about numerous pending Islamic attacks , including the Boston bombings , the 2015 San Bernardino attack and the recent bombings in New Jersey , despite evidence of extensive preparations . In his response to the question , Trump cited the San San Bernardino : In San Bernardino San Bernardino people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the two people that killed 14 and wounded many , many people . Horribly wounded . They ’ll never many people the same . Muslims have to report the problems when they see them many people In many people response to Hillary Clinton same question , Hillary Clinton criticized Trump for his Trump greater Hillary Clinton from Muslims , and she downplayed the question Hillary Clinton whether Muslims should do more to alert police when fellow Muslims are preparing to killed Americans .   It ’s also very    and even dangerous to be engaging in the kind of demagogic rhetoric that Donald has about Muslims , " she said .    Hillary Clinton need American Muslims to be fellow Muslims our eyes and ears on We front lines . I We worked with a lot of different Muslim groups around America . I ’ve met with a lot of them , and I ’ve a lot of different Muslim groups around America how important it is for them to feel that they a lot of different Muslim groups around America wanted and included a lot of different Muslim groups around America part of our country , part of our homeland security , and that ’s what I want to see .   Clinton also insisted there ’s no conflict between Islam and the    West , despite the statements by Islamic attackers that they ’re motivated by Islam Islamic attackers   We are not at war with Islam . And it is a mistake and it plays into the hands it the terrorists to act as though we are . So I We a country where citizens like you and your family are just as welcome as anyone else . Under President Barack Obama , various Islamic political groups have opposed bipartisan demands for cooperation , and have successfully lobbied for restrictions on FBI investigations . These groups have also successfully various Islamic political groups establishment media to use the term , " Islamophobia " which suggests that Americans’ reaction to terror attacks is excessive .      
 