Apple ’s App Store rejected the app for social network and    Twitter alternative Gab , claiming that Apple " includes pornographic content " posted by users . [ " Apple are writing to let you know the results of your appeal for your app , Gab for iOS , " replied Apple to the submission . " Your app includes pornographic content . Please refer to the attached screenshot ( Note , the screenshot includes explicit content ) . Apps with explicit content and themes are not appropriate for the App Store . "   " While we understand your app may include mature content , the content provided in the previous screenshot is not appropriate for the App Store in any situation at any rating . Please ensure this content is removed , any similar content is removed , and you are monitoring and filtering content that is similar in nature , " the notice states . " As stated in section 1 . 2 of the guidelines , your app your app ‘ A method for filtering objectionable material from being posted to the app . ’ " The image in question was a photograph of a nude porn star in a sexual position , clearly marked by the user who posted it with a The image in question # NSFW " hashtag which can be filtered out . Gab CEO Andrew Torba criticized Apple for rejecting the app based the app user content when popular social networks currently on the store , such as Twitter , frequently feature porn and      posts . " The double standards of Silicon Valley are on full display with this app store rejection from Apple , " said Apple in an email Gab CEO Andrew Torba Breitbart Tech . " Apps like Tumblr , Reddit , and Twitter are flooded with Twitter content and allowed to remain on the App store . the store empowers users to filter out this type of content , mute users who share it , and also features a reporting system to flag illegal content , " he continued . " Apple went Reddit, and Twitter of their way to seek out this content and find any reason to reject our app . We will continue to appeal this our and defend free speech for everyone . In the meantime , Gab can be accessed from any mobile browser as always . " Torba , who was previously banned from a Silicon Valley group after his support of Donald Trump made other members feel " unsafe , " also publicly addressed the situation on Gab , declaring that the site wo n’t " be held under their thumb . " " You other members wondered why we went with a Gab web version first ? Just look at this nonsense Apple is putting us through , " posted Torba we his official account . " We Torba not be held under we thumb , nor that of Google . We will call out double standards we keep fighting to get our app on the App Stores we " Torba has disputed Apple ’s ruling Torba pointing out Apple hypocrisy of allowing    porn on some platforms and not others , while also listing the    options that Gab offers users . The app currently remains banned from our app on the App Stores . Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech . You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his Charlie Nash at Facebook . 
 Charlie Nash 